TechnoBuffalo Site Navigation Content All News Reviews Videos Galleries Products Giveaways Sections Menu Left Mobile Tablets Gaming Apps Accessories Computers Gadgets Internet Menu Right Business Cameras Cars Design Home & TV Lifestyle Software Science Series Ask The Buffalo Buffalo Gear Guess the Phone Rettinger’s Riffs Rumor Roundup The TechnoBuffalo Show TechnoBuffalo Plays More The Crew About Us News Tips In the News Work at TechnoBuffalo Advertise With Us Facebook Google+ Instagram Pinterest RSS Tumblr Twitter YouTube Scrolling Enable Endless Scrolling Disable Endless Scrolling Share Tweet +1 Submit Front Page /Software/Gallery/Video Software Want to hear something funny? Google Assistant has some jokes By Danny Zepeda | November 1, 2016 Share Stay Connected with Us! Follow TechnoBuffalo Google’s most advanced AI is here in the form of Google Assistant. First, it rolled out in Allo and then it made its way to the Pixel—Google’s first official phone. Soon, Assistant will be here with Google Home to take on Amazon’s Alexa. Until then, the question is: is Assistant any funny? We’ve already checked out what jokes Siri has, and now we’re checking out what kind of comedic skills Google Assistant has. One of the best ways to give personal assistants personality is through funny jokes and Assistant has plenty. I guess it helps when you hire former Pixar writers. Google’s previous AI technology, Google Now, had jokes, but they were mostly dull. Google Assistant delivers a more natural voice and promises to be more contextually aware of questions you ask. Some of Assistant’s best jokes include beat-boxing and an impressive singing ability. Check out some of the responses Google Assistant gave Jon in the video above. Topics #Google #Android #Google #Google Assistant Danny Zepeda Danny’s interest in writing began with tech, which influenced his career path in college. After graduating from Vanguard University, he began to write for Screen Rant until he joined the… Read More Our Crew | About Us | Contact Us © 2016 TechnoBuffalo LLC. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy | Terms of Use
Features Reviews Phones Android iPhone Windows Phone Apps Computers Laptops Lenovo Tablets Windows Tutorials Events More Audio Crowfunding Design/Concepts Gadgets Gaming General Photo/Video Web Ubergizmo in French Ubergizmo in German Ubergizmo in Italian Ubergizmo in Spanish Google Clarifies Charging Speeds Of Its Pixel Phones By Tyler Lee on 11/01/2016 16:48 PST Recently it seems that there has been some confusion regarding the charging speeds of Google’s Pixel phones. According to this Google+ post, it was found that the Pixel does not charge at 18W despite the supplier charger being of the 18W variety and Google’s website hinting at those speeds. However Google has since clarified that this was a mistake. According to Android Police who got in touch with Google, it turns out that this was a marketing mistake and that it was supposed to read 15W – 18W charging, meaning that its speed could range from 15-18 as opposed to being flat out 18W. Note that this is only for the smaller Pixel handset and that the Pixel XL can still hit 18W, but given that the battery size of the Pixel XL is larger, we guess it kind of makes sense that Google would do this. It has been speculated that the reason why the smaller Pixel charges slower is due to thermal concerns, and given the exploding Note 7s we can understand why. Android Police also suspects that Google had initially allowed the Pixel to charge at 18W, but during the testing phase decided to reduce it before the phones were released, but the memo was not passed down to the folks at marketing hence the discrepancy. In any case that’s something to think about if charging speeds are really important to you. Filed in Cellphones. Read more about Google, pixel and pixel xl. Related Articles 2016-11-13 Google Pixel Gets Hacked In Under A Minute 2016-11-12 Google Pixel XL VS LG V20 In Speed Test 2016-11-11 Google+ On Mobile Browsers Now Supports AMP Links 2016-11-11 Real-Life Photos Of Project Ara And Specs Revealed 2016-11-11 Google Assistant Will Be Open To Third-Parties In December 2016-11-01 T-Mobile's Pixel Offer Now Live For Simple Choice Unlimited Customers Too 2016-10-20 Google's 4K Chromecast And Daydream View VR Headset Go On Sale 2016-10-20 Google’s Pixel Phones Guaranteed Android Updates For At Least 2 Years 2016-10-13 Google Pixel Pre-Orders Go Live In India Google Exec: iPhone Crystallized Smartphone UI Design Teens Killed While Trying To Take A Selfie With A Plane Apple Sued For Apparently Crippling The iPhone 4S With iOS 9 Update North Korea’s Red Star OS Has Absolutely Zero Privacy Son Waits 8 Years To Pull Revenge Xbox Prank On His Dad GoPro Attached To A Cannonball Results In Pretty Interesting Footage User Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments
Features Reviews Phones Android iPhone Windows Phone Apps Computers Laptops Lenovo Tablets Windows Tutorials Events More Audio Crowfunding Design/Concepts Gadgets Gaming General Photo/Video Web Ubergizmo in French Ubergizmo in German Ubergizmo in Italian Ubergizmo in Spanish Google ‘Evaluating’ Fingerprint Gestures For Nexus 5X/6P By Tyler Lee on 11/01/2016 16:49 PST You might recall that sometime last month it was reported that in the latest Android 7.1 Nougat update, Google was bringing features like Night Light and fingerprint swipe gestures to its Pixel devices, and will also be skipping over the Nexus 5X and Nexus 6P handsets in the process. This is unfortunate but given Google’s new strategy, we guess it was inevitable. However the good news is that all hope is not lost just yet. According to Android Police who reached out to Google to ask whether or not it is possible that some of those features could arrive on older Nexus devices, Google responded by saying that they are evaluating a firmware update that could bring some of those features, such as fingerprint swipe gestures, onto the Nexus 5X and Nexus 6P. Now before get too excited and think that your Nexus handset’s usefulness and lifespan has been extended by getting new features, note that Google only said that they are evaluating it. This means that it is not a guarantee that they will go ahead with their plans since there are many factors to take into consideration. However as Android Police points out, the fact that Google is evaluating this is a sign that the company is taking user feedback seriously. In any case don’t get your hopes up just yet, but we’ll definitely be keeping our eyes peeled so check back with us at a later date to see if there are any additional details that can be shared. Filed in Cellphones. Read more about Android, Google, Nexus 5X and nexus 6p. Key Specs Nexus 6P Nexus 5X Status Released Released Display Diagonal 5.7" (14.48 cm) 5.2" (13.21 cm) Processor/Soc Name Snapdragon 810 Snapdragon 808 Street Price (Approx) ~ $399 Search low Nexus 6P price (Amazon) ~ $310 Search low Nexus 5X price (Amazon) Max. Total Storage Capacity 128 GB 32 GB Megapixels 12 Megapixel 12.3 Megapixel Battery Capacity (mAh) 3450 mAh 2700 mAh Complete product data Google Nexus 6P Full specs and details Google Nexus 5X Full specs and details Related Articles 2016-11-13 Google Pixel Gets Hacked In Under A Minute 2016-11-12 Google Pixel XL VS LG V20 In Speed Test 2016-11-11 Google+ On Mobile Browsers Now Supports AMP Links 2016-11-11 Real-Life Photos Of Project Ara And Specs Revealed 2016-11-11 Google Assistant Will Be Open To Third-Parties In December 2016-10-14 Google’s Pixel Camera App Is Now Available For Nexus Devices 2016-06-22 Google Lists End-Of-Life Dates For Its Nexus Handsets 2016-05-10 Google Introduces Limited Edition Live Cases By Jeff Koons 2015-11-18 Updated Nexus Camera App Now Available To All Google Exec: iPhone Crystallized Smartphone UI Design Teens Killed While Trying To Take A Selfie With A Plane Apple Sued For Apparently Crippling The iPhone 4S With iOS 9 Update North Korea’s Red Star OS Has Absolutely Zero Privacy Son Waits 8 Years To Pull Revenge Xbox Prank On His Dad GoPro Attached To A Cannonball Results In Pretty Interesting Footage User Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments
null
Tech Insider BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 If you think it's crazy that Snapchat might go public at a $40 billion valuation, here's something to consider Alyson Shontell Nov. 1, 2016, 2:08 PM 45,443 facebook linkedin twitter email print Snap CEO and cofounder Evan Spiegel. Reuters Snapchat wants to go public in the first half of 2017. Its valuation, Bloomberg reports, could be up to $40 billion. If you consider Snapchat's business today, that seems ludicrous. Snapchat, which recently changed its corporate name to Snap Inc., will reportedly generate about $300 million in 2016, up from roughly $50 million last year. Even if you believe Snap can generate $1 billion to $2 billion in 2017 — its rumored projection — a $40 billion initial public offering would give the company a hard-t0-justify 40X multiple. Its ad offerings and technology are relatively early days, compared with peers such as Google and Facebook, and TV ads — which Snap likely wants to compete against — are still generally priced much higher than online video units. Facebook, by comparison, is expected to generate about $27 billion this year. And although it boasts a massive $370 billion market cap, Facebook's stock is trading at only 10 times as much as next year's projected revenue. For many investors, that's reason enough to dismiss Snap. But if you ignore the numbers for a minute and look at Snap's product and leadership track record, it becomes much tougher to write the company off as an overhyped flash in the pan. If Snap's impact on the tech industry over the next five years is as profound as it was in the past five, then some of the heated expectations around the company might not be so outlandish. Imran Khan, Snap's chief strategy officer. (Photo by Slaven Vlasic/Getty Images for Advertising Week New York) Evan Spiegel is considered a product 'Picasso' Spiegel isn't a technical founder — someone who writes lines of code — like Google's Larry Page or Facebook's Mark Zuckerberg. And his company doesn't make decisions based on data, ignoring a fundamental tenet of Silicon Valley's engineering-driven companies. Instead, Snap operates more like a creative shop where Spiegel obsesses over the product. As one person who has worked there explained, if you imagined a movie director starting a company, with artists flowing in and out, that's what Snap's office vibe is like. Spiegel's emulation of Steve Jobs has been much talked about, with the 26-year-old Snap CEO sharing the late Apple founder's passion for showmanship, secrecy, and suspense when it comes to creating products. But Spiegel isn't just another Jobs imitator. He has proved multiple times that he can invent hit products that set industry trends. And like Jobs, he has some fiercely loyal followers who believe he's the real deal. "Admirers say Spiegel is as good at building products as Mark Zuckerberg and Steve Jobs," Recode's Kurt Wagner wrote. "And if you think that's hyperbole, you should talk to several of the sources we spoke to for this story, who casually likened him to Picasso." Radical-sounding ideas that have proved to be right Throughout Snap's five-year history, Spiegel has made a series of decisions that seemed crazy at first, but proved to be right. Consider: Before Snap, the internet was permanent. Every tweet, message, or photo was documented forever on sites such as Google and Facebook — even the unflattering ones. Snap single-handedly blew that up, introducing the notion of ephemerality. Whether it's teens regularly culling their Instagram accounts of posts that are more than a week old, or the bevy of messaging apps designed for self-destructing communication, Snap's idea is now increasingly the norm. Snap popularized vertical video, a format that makes much more sense on phones. Horizontal video, the so-called landscape mode that you watch TV shows and movies in, was the undisputed standard for video until Snap came along. Now a growing number of publishers, advertisers, and even online video rivals like YouTube have latched on to videos that are shot vertically. Turning down a roughly $4 billion acquisition offer from Facebook turned out to be smart. It's not easy to refuse an offer from Mark Zuckerberg — just ask the founders of Instagram, WhatsApp, and Oculus — especially when the offer is multiple billions of dollars. But three years later, Spiegel's company is already worth about five times Facebook's offering price, and if it IPOs at $40 billion, Snap will be worth 10 times that. He's rethinking the shape of photos and videos from squares to circles. The idea has yet to be proved, but Spiegel's logic is sound. For Snap's Spectacles sunglasses, "the video it records is circular, more like human vision," The Wall Street Journal's Seth Stevenson wrote. "Spiegel argues that rectangles are an unnecessary vestige of printing photos on sheets of paper." Snap doesn't have just one hit product — it has at least 6 Snap's Spectacles sunglasses record video. Snapchat When Snap launched, it looked like a fad. It was considered a sexting tool for college students that made lewd photos disappear. But a lot of red-hot apps that fail to keep innovating die shortly after launch: Yo, Ello, Meerkat, even Pokémon Go quickly lost its cool. Instead of riding out its one smash hit, Snap launched a series of new products that kept users sticking around: Snaps. In 2010, Snap launched its flagship feature: disappearing photo and video messages. Now more than 1 billion snaps are viewed every day. Video views on Snapchat have grown more than 350% in the last year, to more than 10 billion daily views. Stories. In October 2013, Snap allowed users to create strings of photos and videos that disappear in 24 hours, called Stories. Stories are now viewed by 10 million to 20 million users a day. Discover. Snap launched Discover, a section for media publications to post articles, in January 2015. Now 100 million users view it every month. That's vastly lower than the number of people who are snapping back and forth each day, so you could argue Discover isn't a hit. But it accomplished an important goal for Snap: It infatuated the media. This worked for Facebook when it began driving traffic to publishers from its news feed. Zuckerberg had reportedly been upset that journalists were infatuated with Twitter. So BuzzFeed's Jonah Peretti apparently advised him to "show them how much traffic you can drive. ... That will cure the journalists of their attachment to Twitter, and get better press for Facebook." Filters. They launched in December 2014, and users now view snaps with geofilters more than 1 billion times a day. Lenses and Messaging are also popular on Snapchat. Even sponsored lenses that Snap makes money from are getting a decent amount of user interaction. For example, Taco Bell's Cinco de Mayo taco-face selfie lens was viewed 224 million times. Of course, not everything Snap has launched has taken off. For example, Snap tried SnapCash, a service similar to the payments app Venmo, and a few in-app payment features that never went mainstream. But the company had enough hits to prove it's no one-trick pony. "One of the company's great attributes is their willingness to put out a lot of product," Snap investor Mitch Lasky told Recode. "Evan's got a lot of interesting ideas and he's absolutely fearless about putting them out there. If they don't work, so be it." Facebook's paranoia A major indicator of Snap's potential upside is Facebook's reaction to it. At first, things were cordial. Zuckerberg emailed Spiegel in November 2012 to say he was a fan of his app. Evan Spiegel/Twitter Within weeks of meeting Spiegel and his cofounder, Bobby Murphy, Zuckerberg launched a near clone of Snapchat, called Poke. The app failed shortly after it launched. One year later, reports surfaced that Facebook had made an offer to purchase Snap for billions of dollars, but Snap declined. Since then, Facebook has launched more than half a dozen apps and features that resemble Snapchat. The Verge put together a timeline of Facebook trying to copy Snap. It lists eight total instances, excluding the most recent cloning examples — such as Facebook's August launch of Instagram Stories, which mimics Snap's Stories features down to its name, and Live Masks, Snapchat-like face filters that Facebook announced in October. Snap seems to be the only real thorn in Facebook's side, catering to a younger audience of teens and 20-somethings that Facebook would love to have. And Facebook has a history of waging war on any product it deems a threat. For example, when Google launched its social media platform, Google Plus, Zuckerberg called an all-hands meeting and put the company on "lockdown," with employees encouraged to work around the clock to defeat the competition. "You know, one of my favorite Roman orators ended every speech with the phrase 'Carthago delenda est' — 'Carthage must be destroyed,'" Zuckerberg told employees. "For some reason I think of that now." How Snap looks compared with Twitter and Facebook Based on some of the data we have about Snap (the company has not yet publicly filed its prospectus), it's fair to say Snap isn't in the same league as Facebook was at the time of its IPO — though Snap is seeking a valuation of less than half of Facebook's. If Snap were to go public today, it would have significantly fewer users than the 900 million monthly actives Facebook had at its IPO. It would also have about one-tenth of Facebook's revenue — roughly $350 million versus Facebook's $3 billion to $4 billion. Facebook ended its first day of trading with a $104 billion market cap, about 26 times as much as its revenue. Although Facebook's value was cut in half four months later, it rebounded to its IPO price once the company mastered mobile monetization. (Facebook generated almost no mobile revenue when it went public.) Facebook's historical stock chart. Markets Insider But Snap is only five years old, and Facebook was eight when it was listed. When Facebook was Snap's age, though, it was generating roughly $650 million, about double that of Snap. If you compare Snap and Twitter, things look a little rosier. Twitter was seven when it went public, and had about the same number of active users then — about 230 million per month — as Snap likely has now. Snap has already passed Twitter in terms of daily active users, according to Bloomberg. Twitter had about 100 million daily active users when it went public. It generated about $665 million in 2013, less than Snap is hoping to make in its sixth year. Twitter's stock has been getting hammered lately on reports of layoffs, stalled growth, and lack of acquisition interest. The $27 billion market cap it had in 2013 has been sliced to about $12 billion today. And Twitter still has not managed to turn a profit. Markts Insider What will Snap become? Can Snap become a behemoth the size of Facebook or Google with more than 1 billion users? If so, then a $40 billion valuation isn't outrageous. Or will it become Twitter, which tried to chase Facebook's scale but never quite nailed the experience for the masses? Snap, like Twitter, isn't easy for non-millennials to immediately grasp. And Snap will need to attract older audiences if it wants to keep growing. “People, this is Barack Obama. If I can figure out how to Snapchat, you can figure out how to go vote.” https://t.co/vB2mD9MfDN — The New York Times (@nytimes) October 31, 2016 Snap could also become something else entirely — a $20 billion messaging app like WhatsApp, a $15 billion media company like Viacom, or a camera company like the much smaller $1.4 billion GoPro. Those are a lot of unknowns for public investors. But because the company is young, there could also be significant potential upside, and Spiegel has consistently proved that he isn't someone to underestimate. "When Snap started out, I thought it seemed trivial. I was completely wrong," Chamath Palihapitiya, a startup investor who hasn't invested in Snap, told Bloomberg. "I don't think anyone saw coming what they are building." Visit Markets Insider for constantly updated market quotes for individual stocks, ETFs, indices, commodities and currencies traded around the world. Go Now! SEE ALSO: What it’s like to work at Snapchat, one of the most secretive companies in tech NOW WATCH: Scientists have discovered why American honey bees are turning into zombies Loading video... More: Snapchat Facebook Evan Spiegel IPO Markets Insider facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru If you think it's crazy that Snapchat might go public at a $40 billion valuation, here's something to consider If you think it's crazy that Snapchat might go public at a $40 billion valuation, here's something to consider Snapchat wants to go public in the first half... Recommended For You Featured As healthcare costs rise and patients demand better care, hospitals turn to new technologies More "Digital Industry Insider" » Brothers share what it was like quitting their corporate jobs to sell ties on the beach and cofound Vineyard Vines, a company worth nearly $1 billion More "Transformations" » Get Tech Insider Emails & Alerts Sign-Up Learn More » Tech Select Tech Chart Of The Day Business Insider Select 10 Things In Tech You Need To Know Mobile Insights BII Mobile Insights More Featured Business Insider Select Tech Select Tech Chart Of The Day Markets Chart Of The Day 10 Things Before the Opening Bell Instant MBA Business Insider Events BI Intelligence Daily Digital Industry Insider Finance Markets Select Your Money Select Smart Investor Finance Insider Strategy Strategy Select Advertising Select Retail Select Careers Select 10 Things You Need To Know In Advertising Politics Politics Select Military Select Life Life Select Education Select Entertainment Select Breaking News Tech Enterprise Select Science Select Mobile Chart Of The Day E-Commerce Chart Of The Day Payments Chart Of The Day Digital Media Chart Of The Day IoT Chart of the Day Fintech Briefing Charts of the Day Sports Chart Of The Day Top 10 Things 10 Things In Tech You Need To Know Closing Bell Sports Sports Research from BI Intelligence The Internet of Everything The Future of Financial Services Digital Media Ad Revenue: The path to $100 billion The Future of Retail Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2016 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR
CNET Reviews CNET 100 Appliances Audio Cameras Cars Desktops Drones Headphones Laptops Networking Phones Printers Smart Home Software Tablets TVs Virtual Reality Wearable Tech Web Hosting Forums News Apple Computers Crave Deals Google Internet Microsoft Mobile Photography Security Sci-Tech Tech Culture Tech Industry Photo Galleries Video Forums Video Apple Byte Carfection CNET Top 5 CNET Update Googlicious How To Netpicks Next Big Thing News On Cars Phones Prizefight Tablets Tomorrow Daily CNET Podcasts How To Appliances Computers Gaming Home Entertainment Internet Mobile Apps Phones Photography Security Smart Home Tablets Wearable Tech Forums Speed Test Smart Home Tour the CNET Smart Home Smart Home News Smart Home How To Best Smart Home Devices Cars Car Reviews Best Cars New Cars Used Cars Deals Cheapskate Best Tech Under $50 All Deals Tech Deals Non-Tech Deals Audio Deals Cell Phone Deals Desktop Deals Laptop Deals Hard Drive & Storage Deals Printer Deals Tablet Deals Camera Deals Monitor Deals Software Deals TV Deals Web Hosting VPN Services WordPress Hosting Domain Names Download Join CNET Member Benefits Sign In to CNET My Profile Forums Sign Out Australia China France Germany Japan Korea United Kingdom US Editions English Español HolidayBuyer's Guide Microsoft to fix Windows flaw exploited by hackers A flaw revealed by Google is being exploited by hackers linked to Russia's government, Microsoft warns. A fix is due next week. Moment Editorial/Getty Images Microsoft to fix Windows flaw exploited by hackers 0 Share: Security by Steven Musil November 1, 2016 4:27 PM PDT @stevenmusil Up Next Fantastic Beasts' Dan Fogler sees magic in tech Microsoft said Tuesday that it will issue a fix next week for a Windows vulnerability it says is being exploited by hackers linked to Russia's government. The company said in a blog post that it would release the fix November 8 as part of its normal patch cycle, adding that a well-known hacking group was already using the newly discovered flaw in a hacking campaign that sends people bogus emails in an attempt to con them out of personal data. The bug, which was publicly revealed by Google on Monday, can be used to bypass the security in the Windows32K system. The revelation of the bug has caused some friction between Microsoft and Google. The search giant said it gave Microsoft 10 days to issue an advisory or a fix but that Microsoft failed to act. Google went public after that because it rated the bug as "critical" and learned it was being actively exploited. Microsoft hasn't addressed the delay in issuing a fix but disputed Google's assessment of the bug's threat, adding that Google's disclosure "could put customers at potential risk." Microsoft said a hacking group known as Strontium was behind email attacks that took advantage of the flaw. The group, more widely known as "Fancy Bear" and APT 28, has also been linked to a series of hacks this summer, including one in which emails and chat transcripts were stolen from the Democratic National Committee's computer network. Tags Security Hacking Google Microsoft Related Stories Hack reportedly exposes 412M FriendFinder Networks accounts Internet-connected devices will always pose a risk, experts say Yahoo admits some employees knew of massive hack in 2014 Facebook buys black market passwords to keep your account safe Close   Discuss: Microsoft to fix Windows flaw exploited by... Conversation powered by Livefyre Up Next: Fantastic Beasts' Dan Fogler sees magic in tech Exposed: AdultFriendFinder network hacked, 400 million accounts stolen Blame it on dirty security practices. Hackers easily crack passwords on adult dating and porn sites -- and even deleted account info was grabbed in the data breach. by Bridget Carey Close Drag CNET © CBS Interactive Inc.  /  All Rights Reserved. About CNET Privacy Policy Ad Choice Terms of Use Mobile User Agreement Help Center
null
Close Skip to main content sign in Saved for later Comment activity Edit profile Email preferences Change password Sign out become a supporter subscribe search jobs more from the guardian: jobs change edition: switch to the UK edition switch to the AU edition switch to the INT edition US edition switch to the UK edition switch to the Australia edition switch to the International The Guardian home › sports soccer MLS NFL MLB NBA NHL home election 2016 US world opinion sports selected soccer tech arts lifestyle fashion business travel environment browse all sections close World Series World Series 2016 Game 6: Chicago Cubs 9-3 Cleveland Indians – as it happened! Cubs and Indians set to face off in a World Series Game 7 for the ages Chicago defeated Cleveland 9-3 in Game 6 Tuesday Updated Ben Zobrist crashes into Roberto Perez to score a run in the first inning. Photograph: Jamie Squire/Pool Photo via USA TODAY/Reuters Hunter Felt Tuesday 1 November 2016 23.52 EDT Last modified on Wednesday 2 November 2016 11.11 EDT Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Key events Show 11.49pm EDT 23:49 Final thoughts 11.41pm EDT 23:41 Chicago Cubs win Game 6! 11.23pm EDT 23:23 Antony Rizzo hits a two run home run, Cubs 9-2 Indians 11.36pm EDT 23:36 Roberto Perez singles in a run, Cubs 9-3 Indians 10.02pm EDT 22:02 Jason Kipnis hits a solo hone run, Cubs 7-2 Indians 9.34pm EDT 21:34 Napoli singles in a run! Cubs 7-1 Indians 9.09pm EDT 21:09 Addison Russell hits a grand slam, 4 runs score! Cubs 7-0 Indians Live feed Show 11.49pm EDT 23:49 Final thoughts Read our game report here: World Series Game 6: Cubs crush Indians to set up historic decider Read more So the Cubs have defeated the Indians in Game 6, which means we have one more precious game of baseball left. I guess this series was always meant to go to seven games. What this game lacked in drama, it seemed to be all but finished after the Russell grand slam, it felt way more tense than any six run game should ever be. I guess it comes down to how high the stakes are for both teams. In any case that will end today’s liveblog, but stay tuned here at the Guardian for continued coverage as the World Series comes to a close. I want to thank everybody for following along with us today, particular everybody who contributed emails and tweets (I’m sorry I couldn’t fit all of them in). Ciao! Updated at 12.12am EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 11.42pm EDT 23:42 The Chicago Cubs have forced a Game 7 in the World Series! Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 11.41pm EDT 23:41 Chicago Cubs win Game 6! Cubs 9-3 Indians, FINAL Santana takes to second on defensive indifference as Kipnis takes a strike. 0-1. On 0-1 he pops up. Addison Russell handles the pop up to end the inning. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 11.39pm EDT 23:39 Cubs 9-3 Indians, bottom 9th So, okay. Two out, Santana on first. Travis Wood on the mound. Jason Kipnis is at the plate. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 11.37pm EDT 23:37 Cubs 9-3 Indians, bottom 9th Strop loses Carlos Santana who takes first base. Why did Maddon lose faith in this guy again? Speak of the devil, here comes Maddon to relieve him. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 11.36pm EDT 23:36 Roberto Perez singles in a run, Cubs 9-3 Indians Cubs 9-3 Indians, bottom 9th One down. Roberto Perez is at the plate. Strop’s first pitch is wild, allowing Guyer to move up to 2nd (not that this really matters in this situation). On a 1-2 count, he hits a line drive single that scores Guyer but…. HE GETS THROWN OUT AT SECOND FOR THE SECOND OUT! Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 11.33pm EDT 23:33 Cubs 9-2 Indians, bottom 9th Rajai Davis hits a hanging slider but it doesn’t quite get out of the ballpark. Instead of a 2 run home run it’s the first out of the inning. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 11.30pm EDT 23:30 Cubs 9-2 Indians, bottom 9th So Guyer’s at first with nobody out and the new pitcher is.. Pedro Strop. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 11.29pm EDT 23:29 Cubs 9-2 Indians, bottom 9th Not exactly sure why Chapman is still out here but whatever. The Indians best move here would be to make him throw as many pitches as possible. Brandon Guyer’s at bat here and he’s apparently listening to me as he gets himself into a 3-1 count. Chapman’s next pitch is outside and that will do it for Chapman. Maddon obviously, and wisely, had him on a short leash. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 11.29pm EDT 23:29 MLB (@MLB) Game of inches. pic.twitter.com/fJ9GtbJNhx November 2, 2016 Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 11.24pm EDT 23:24 Cubs 9-2 Indians, top 9th Ben Zobrist takes a walk, Russell grounds out and Cleveland gets out of the inning but it’s all but over for them. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 11.23pm EDT 23:23 Antony Rizzo hits a two run home run, Cubs 9-2 Indians Cubs 9-2 Indians, top 9th This ball is about to go places. Photograph: Charles LeClaire/USA Today Sports Clevinger gets Fowler to ground out. That’s one down. Schwarber flies out deep. Bryant hits a single and then Anthony Rizzo hits a home run to completely ice this game. Updated at 11.39pm EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 11.17pm EDT 23:17 Cubs 7-2 Indians, top 9th Clevinger gets Fowler to ground out. That’s one down. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 11.14pm EDT 23:14 Around the world: anna davda (@annamobile) @HunterFelt Thanks for amazing coverage of WS games. <3 ur snark. Watching from Tokyo: compy open and TV on. November 2, 2016 Martin Copus (@copusandco) @HunterFelt Ur LineByLine almost as exciting as day-tripping from here in Jeddah to Wrigley for Game3 with Chi-born OxfordUK Cubbie @JECopus November 2, 2016 T20 Cricket AU (@NotT20CricketAU) @hunterfelt Sydney Australia here - shaded @martindurkin at just under 9,600 miles November 2, 2016 Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 11.13pm EDT 23:13 Cubs 7-2 Indians, bottom 8th Yan Gomes, pinch-htter. There’s a phrase that just will always sound strange. Chapman falls behind him 2-1. Gomes fouls his next fastball off. 2-2. And he grounds into a double play turned nicely by Baez and Rizzo. And that’s that for the eighth. The Cubs are three outs away from forcing a Game 7. Updated at 11.25pm EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 11.10pm EDT 23:10 Cubs 7-2 Indians, bottom 8th Ramriez hits a sharp single that gets the Progressive Field crowd, desperate to cheer for anything, roaring. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 11.09pm EDT 23:09 Cubs 7-2 Indians, bottom 8th Chapman’s back out there, apparently he’s fine. He also only threw two pitches last inning so he’ll be at a relatively low pitch count here. He gets Napoli to swing and miss at a 100.8 mph fastball. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 11.05pm EDT 23:05 Martin Durkin (@MartinDurkin) @HunterFelt Following the live feed from Kuala Lumpur. 9,300 miles. November 2, 2016 Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 11.05pm EDT 23:05 Cubs 7-2 Indians, top 8th So bases are cleared for Baez. After struggling with command with the first two batters, Clevinger strikes him out looking to end the inning. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 11.03pm EDT 23:03 Cubs 7-2 Indians, top 8th It looks like Chapman is staying in he game despite an apparently leg injury. Meanwhile, Mike Clevinger is pitching for Cleveland. He walks Contreras and then immediately falls behind Heyward 2-0. But, Heyward grounds into a double play. No harm, no foul. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 11.01pm EDT 23:01 Email from Rob M: Man, you were wrong on all counts about game six. Cleveland is playing from behind this whole game. I would like to know where you get this information about your predictions. You need to go back to your day job what ever that is. Man if I could predict games with any amount of regularity I would be out there wagering rather than writing snarky baseball commentary. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 10.57pm EDT 22:57 Email from Robert C: Thanks for this coverage if my Cubs. Sitting here in Africa most network live streaming is off limits. This Guardian coverage is really helpful. GO CUBS!! Rob in Tanzania (native from ILLINOIS) Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 10.56pm EDT 22:56 Cubs 7-2 Indians, bottom 7th Lindor attempts to beat out a ground ball, and is in fact called safe at first base although it looks like he’s definitely out. MLB (@MLB) Game of inches. pic.twitter.com/fJ9GtbJNhx November 2, 2016 Replay confirms that, which is good news for the Cubs as it ends he inning. The bad news for the Cubs is that it looks like Chapman might have hurt himself on the play. Updated at 11.23pm EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 10.53pm EDT 22:53 Cubs 7-2 Indians, bottom 7th Jason Kipnis hits a single off of Montgomery and… Maddon is going to Aroldis Chapman? In the 7th? In a five run game? I… I don’t get this. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 10.51pm EDT 22:51 Cubs 7-2 Indians, bottom 7th Correction: I blinked and missed pinch-hitter Rajai Davis lining out to start the inning. So, Perez is on first with one out. Make that two out, Carlos Santana flies out to center field. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 10.47pm EDT 22:47 Cubs 7-2 Indians, bottom 7th Montgomery walks Perez to start the bottom of the 7th. And is that… is that Chapman warming in the bullpen? Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 10.45pm EDT 22:45 Cubs fans around the world: Mark T: Arequipa in Peru here. 4,054 miles, according to Google. Go Cubs! Fred D.: Wearing Northside Blue here in Singapore Julie G: Following the live feed from Madrid (3:28 a.m.) Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 10.40pm EDT 22:40 Cubs 7-2 Indians, top 7th And Addison Russell grounds out and it’s seventh inning stretch time. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 10.39pm EDT 22:39 Cubs 7-2 Indians, top 7th Zobrist lines out to Guyer in left. That’s out number two. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 10.38pm EDT 22:38 Quick note on geography: Martin McVeigh (@MJMcVeigh) @HunterFelt I'm in NZ following too, but i should point out that Auckland is closer to Chicago than Perth, if you go the right way round November 2, 2016 Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 10.36pm EDT 22:36 Cubs 7-2 Indians, top 7th McAllister falls behind Rizzo 2-0. Not what you want to do with runners on and no outs. Rizzo fouls the next ball out and then pops up into right field for the first out. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 10.35pm EDT 22:35 Cubs 7-2 Indians, top 7th Bryant works a full count, you have to give credit to these Cubs hitters, their plate approach has been beyond phenomenal today. He hits a foul liner. Still 3-2. He finally wins the battle between pitcher and hitter by hitting a line drive single. Two on and one out here. The Cubs threaten again.. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 10.31pm EDT 22:31 Cubs 7-2 Indians, top 7th Guyer stays in the game to play left. McAllister is still pitching for Cleveland. Schwarber starts the inning off by hitting a line driver single Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 10.29pm EDT 22:29 Cubs 7-2 Indians, bottom 6th Mike Montgomery comes in to replace Arreita. Brandon Guyer’s in to pinch-hit for Crisp. Guyer hits into a fielder’s choice that he nearly beats out, but nearly isn’t enough. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 10.25pm EDT 22:25 Email from Weirvantil: Listening to the game here in New Zealand. We are even further away than Perth. Let nobody tell you that Cubs fans aren’t everywhere. Updated at 10.36pm EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 10.23pm EDT 22:23 Ed C.: OK - presuming the Cubs get through this and take us to game 7: the Indians are planning to have Kluber pitch on short rest. They can’t be confident after Tomlin’s performance on three days rest tonight, can they? I don’t think they would be too worried, they’re two very different pitchers. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 10.23pm EDT 22:23 Cubs 7-2 Indians, bottom 6th Chisenhall up here. Arrieta’s approaching 100 pitches, meaning that we’re this much closer to seeing the Cubs bullpen. He also works a full count , perhaps a sign that he’s tiring. Chisenhall fouls the next pitch off and then takes ball four. And just like that Joe Maddon comes out to get him. We have the first Cubs pitching change of the game. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 10.20pm EDT 22:20 Cubs 7-2 Indians, bottom 6th Here’s Jose Ramirez working a full count before flying out to Zobrist. That’s two down. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 10.17pm EDT 22:17 Cubs 7-2 Indians, bottom 6th Arrieta is back out there for the sixth to face Napoli, who he strikes out. It’s Arrieta’s ninth strikeout of the game, which feels strange because it doesn’t feel like he’s been all that dominant today. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 10.14pm EDT 22:14 Cubs 7-2 Indians, top 6th Frank (@thefrankreport) Ping @hunterfelt yr commentary has me thinking u r part of "the tribe" ! > World Series 2016 Game 6: https://t.co/VEAIRUkMqC November 2, 2016 I’m not an Indians fan by any measure, but I have a soft spot for manager Terry Francona. Speaking of, Francona brings Zach McAllister into the game and he promptly gets Fowler to fly out to end the inning. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 10.10pm EDT 22:10 Cubs 7-2 Indians, top 6th Baez falls behind in the 0-2 count and then lunges at a pitch just outside the plate that he hits for an infield single. And that will be the end for the Manship this game, Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 10.08pm EDT 22:08 Cubs 7-2 Indians, top 6th Jeff Manship, easily the best name on either team’s roster, relieves Salazar. He gets Contreras to strike out swinging and then gets Heyward to fly out. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 10.06pm EDT 22:06 Email from Wayne E: I’m not surprised Joe M. trying to get him thru 5 innings for the W, but I would have him on a very short leash. I would hope like heck that a manager wouldn’t be trying to get his starter a W during a potential elimination game in the World Series. I think it’s more likely that with a 7-2 lead he doesn’t want to waste many relievers here. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 10.03pm EDT 22:03 Cubs 7-2 Indians, bottom 5th Lindor grounds out to end the inning, but the Indians aren’t just lying down tonight. They’re going to fight through this. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 10.02pm EDT 22:02 Jason Kipnis hits a solo hone run, Cubs 7-2 Indians Cubs 7-2 Indians, bottom 5th Arrieta falls behind Kipnis 3-0 before finally throwing a strike. He tries to throw another strike which he does. Unfortunately for him, it’s a strike because Kipnis hits it for a home run. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 9.58pm EDT 21:58 Cubs 7-1 Indians, bottom 5th Santana’s up next, he pops one up a mile high. It lands in Rizzo’s glove for the second out of the inning. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 9.56pm EDT 21:56 Cubs 7-1 Indians, bottom 5th Arrieta is still in the game, which is mildly surprising to me. He picks up his 8th strikeout by getting Perez out. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 9.55pm EDT 21:55 Email from Mark T: Every will remember the slam hit… but Rizzo at bat tonight as been exceptional. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 9.52pm EDT 21:52 Cubs 7-1 Indians, top 5th Addison Russell, who I’m guessing will be the leading candidate for player of the game should the Cubs not collapse here, is up next. Salazar strikes him out this time around to end the inning. A good relief appearance from Salazar but it’s a shame it might not amount to much here. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 9.50pm EDT 21:50 Cubs 7-1 Indians, top 5th Ben Zorist strikes out swinging. Two down in the inning. Email from Christopher B: Header: Perth Australia loves Cubs Watching line by line on the edge of my seat waiting to find out the result of Nauquin’s last hit whilst pretending to work Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 9.48pm EDT 21:48 Cubs 7-1 Indians, top 5th After the wild pitch, Salazar gets a strike call on the next pitch to Rizzo. Rizzo fouls off the next ball. On the next pitch, Rizzo hits a foul ball that Ramirez is able to wrangle in a nifty play for the first out of the inning. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 9.45pm EDT 21:45 Cubs 7-1 Indians, top 5th Salazar’s first pitch to Rizzo gets away from him, the wild pitch allows Rizzo to take second. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 9.44pm EDT 21:44 Cubs 7-1 Indians, top 5th Salazar is back up again. Bryant hits a base hit just out of the reach of Lindor at short. The Cubs have their leadoff man aboard. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 9.43pm EDT 21:43 Email from Ross E: Header: Queensland loves Cubs! LET’S GO CUBS!!! Wearing my lucky Cubs cap purchased at Wrigley Field 6 weeks ago ... seems to be working again! Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 9.41pm EDT 21:41 Email from Gareth on the topic of lucky shirts: Hi Hunter, The smell of old timey baseball is fantastic! I have a question about Rob T’s lucky Cubs shirt, perhaps he could elaborate, maybe he wore it the in 2004 to help the Red Sox over? More pertinently if it is from the last time the Cubs won a World Series should he even be wearing it lest he damage such a valuable relic! Gareth Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 9.40pm EDT 21:40 Cubs 7-1 Indians, bottom 4th Naquin takes a borderline pitch that Joe West calls a strike and then fouls the next pitch off. He’s already down 0-2. Naquin doesn’t offer at Arrieta’s next pitch. 1-2. And he swings and misses and the Indians leave them loaded. You have to think Cleveland just missed its one big chance of getting back into this game. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 1 of 3 Newest Newer Older Oldest Topics World Series Chicago Cubs Baseball Cleveland Indians US sports Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Reuse this content most viewed The Guardian back to top home election 2016 US world opinion sports selected soccer tech arts lifestyle fashion business travel environment all sections close home election 2016 US world UK europe americas asia middle east africa australia cities development opinion sports selected soccer MLS NFL MLB NBA NHL soccer live scores tables competitions results fixtures clubs tech arts movies tv & radio music games books art & design stage classical lifestyle food health & fitness love & sex family women home & garden fashion business economics sustainable business diversity & equality in business small business travel USA europe UK skiing environment climate change wildlife energy pollution science media crosswords blog editor quick cryptic prize quiptic genius speedy everyman azed video Sports › World Series Facebook Twitter jobs guardian labs subscribe all topics all contributors solve technical issue about us contact us complaints & corrections terms & conditions privacy policy cookie policy securedrop © 2016 Guardian News and Media Limited or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved.
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Stock Picks Learn More News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: Facebook, Inc. Earnings Will Bring Revenue Growth Into Focus Here's why investors may want to check in on Facebook's revenue growth when the social network reports third-quarter results. Daniel Sparks (TMFDanielSparks) Nov 1, 2016 at 6:16PM In recent quarters, Facebook (NASDAQ:FB) has absolutely crushed it when it comes to growing its top line. But there's good reason this growth won't last. Indeed, the deceleration may have already started -- investors will find out whether or not the growth rate is contracting when the social network reports quarterly results on Wednesday, Nov. 2, after market close. Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg. Image source: Facebook. Facebook's monstrous growth isn't sustainable One reason Facebook's revenue growth is likely to decelerate soon is because recent astronomical growth rates are unsustainable. Facebook's $6.4 billion in second-quarter revenue, for instance, was up an incredible 59% compared to the year-ago quarter. This growth was driven by a 63% jump in Facebook's advertising revenue, which accounts for 97% of Facebook's total revenue. For comparison, Aphabet's (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL) Google revenue, which is driven primarily by digital advertising revenue, increased a more modest (but still solid) 20% in the company's most recent quarter. Sure, Google's $22.3 billion in quarterly revenue during the most recently reported quarter dwarfs Facebook's top line. But as Facebook's business continues to grow, the social network's growth rate for its advertising revenue will inevitably begin to decelerate toward levels closer to Google's. Further, Facebook hasn't demonstrated a sustained period of growth at this level. Indeed, as recently as Facebook's second quarter of 2015, year-over-year revenue growth was meaningfully lower, at 39%. Therefore, with lower revenue growth than Facebook's 59% year-over-year third quarter occurring so recently, it's wise for investors to model for deceleration. FB Revenue (Quarterly YoY Growth) data by YCharts Management has warned of a coming deceleration Perhaps the most obvious reason to expect Facebook's revenue growth to decelerate in the coming quarters is because management has essentially warned that this is exactly what is going to happen. In Facebook's second-quarter earnings call, for instance, Facebook CFO David Wehner said tough year-over-year comparisons, beginning in the third quarter of 2016, will drive "lower advertising revenue growth rates in each successive quarter in 2016." While Wehner admitted the "main drivers" for advertising growth will still be catalysts in 2016, tough year-ago comparisons will simply make sustaining the 59% year-over-year revenue growth achieved in Q2 difficult. And beyond Facebooks' third quarter, investors should expect revenue to continue to decelerate, according to Facebook management. Wehner explicitly warned a key driver for Facebook's advertising revenue -- ad load -- won't be as big of a catalyst in the future. Additionally, we anticipate ad load on Facebook will continue to grow modestly over the next 12- months and then will be a less significant factor driving revenue growth after mid-2017. Since ad load has been one of the important factors in our recent strong period of revenue growth, we expect our ability to grow revenue will be impacted accordingly. For Facebook's third quarter, analysts seem to be taking management's warning into account. On average, analysts are expecting revenue to increase by about 54%, down from Facebook's 59% growth in Q3. But this is still a notably optimistic outlook considering just two quarters ago Facebook's year-over-year revenue growth was lower, at 52%. Suzanne Frey, an executive at Alphabet, is a member of The Motley Fool's board of directors. Daniel Sparks owns shares of Facebook. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Alphabet (A shares), Alphabet (C shares), and Facebook. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Daniel Sparks (TMFDanielSparks) Daniel Sparks is a senior technology specialist at The Motley Fool. He served in the U.S. Army on active duty and graduated with an MBA from Colorado State University. Follow @danielsparks Article Info Nov 1, 2016 at 6:16PM Technology and Telecom Stocks Alphabet (A shares) NASDAQ:GOOGL $753.22 down $-18.53 (-2.40%) Facebook NASDAQ:FB $115.08 down $-3.94 (-3.31%) Alphabet (C shares) NASDAQ:GOOG $736.08 down $-17.94 (-2.38%) Read More Facebook, Inc. Earnings: 8 Metrics to Watch Facebook, Inc.'s Q3 Earnings in 10 Wild Metrics Facebook, Inc.'s Profits Surge and Its Stock Falls I'm Still Worried About This Potential Facebook Time Bomb Alphabet Slows Its Fiber Roll Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2016 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current New stock picks released in...         Get The Picks x
Articles & Reviews News Archive Forums Premium Categories Computers Display Drivers GPUs / Graphics Cards Linux Gaming Memory Motherboards CPUs / Processors Software Storage Operating Systems Peripherals Close Articles & Reviews News Archive Forums Premium Categories Computers GPUs / Graphics Cards Linux Gaming Memory Motherboards CPUs / Processors Software Storage Operating Systems Peripherals We Rely On Your Support: Did you know that the hundreds of articles written on Phoronix each month are mostly authored by one individual working insane hours? Phoronix.com doesn't have a whole news room with unlimited resources and relies upon people reading our content without blocking ads and alternatively by people subscribing to Phoronix Premium for our ad-free service with other extra features. You can also consider a tip via PayPal. Google "Eve" Kabylake System Gains Coreboot Support Written by Michael Larabel in Coreboot on 1 November 2016 at 07:06 PM EDT. 1 Comment I haven't seen Google announce any Intel Kabylake powered Chromebooks yet, but activity indicates that they may not be too far out with now having mainlined Coreboot support for a new device codenamed "Eve". References to Google's "Eve" Kabylake device surfaced a few days ago in other Google repositories while this afternoon Eve received support in mainline Coreboot. The Coreboot commit confirms that Eve is a new board using a Kabylake CPU and the FSP 2.0 firmware support package. It's not clear if this is just a developer target or something to soon be released. Hopefully we'll end up seeing some Kabylake Chromebooks before the holidays. Those wanting to dig through the support landing in Coreboot can find it in Git. 1 Comment Tweet About The Author Michael Larabel is the principal author of Phoronix.com and founded the site in 2004 with a focus on enriching the Linux hardware experience. Michael has written more than 10,000 articles covering the state of Linux hardware support, Linux performance, graphics drivers, and other topics. Michael is also the lead developer of the Phoronix Test Suite, Phoromatic, and OpenBenchmarking.org automated benchmarking software. He can be followed via Twitter or contacted via MichaelLarabel.com. Related Coreboot News Another Old Intel Motherboard Gets Picked Up By Coreboot AMD Stoney Ridge Support Lands In Coreboot Coreboot Lands More RISC-V / lowRISC Code Coreboot 4.5 Officially Released Libreboot Drama Continues, GNU Might Keep The Project Lenovo N21 Chromebook Now Has Mainline Coreboot Support Popular News HTTP-SS: "A New Faster Internet Protocol" Fedora 25 Is Quite Possibly My Most Favorite Release Yet ToaruOS With Kernel Written From Scratch Is Still In Development OpenGL vs. Vulkan With AMDGPU-PRO 16.40, Compared To NVIDIA On Linux A Number Of KDE Apps Will Be Dropped If They Don't Get Ported To KF5 OpenGL Overload: Implementing OpenGL Over Vulkan Latest Linux News Mozilla Firefox 50 Readied For Release Ubuntu vs. Fedora vs. openSUSE vs. Clear Linux On Intel Kabylake Radeon Open Compute 1.3 Platform Brings Polaris & Other Features Talk Of An ARM Vendor Open-Sourcing Their 3D Driver? X.Org Foundation Moving Ahead With Becoming A Khronos Adopter For Mesa Ilia Mirkin Takes To Hacking On SWR Gallium3D, Fixes ~600 Piglit Bugs A Word Of Warning When Using AMDGPU-PRO On An Unsupported Kernel Running Enemy Territory With OpenGL 3 In 2016 TOP500 SC16 Super Computer List Published, Linux Still Dominating Siemens Is Buying Out Mentor Graphics Latest Featured Articles AMDGPU+RadeonSI With Deus Ex: Mankind Divided, One Week Later Intel Kaby Lake HD Graphics 620 OpenGL/Vulkan Performance On Linux Intel Kaby Lake Linux Testing With MSI's Cubi 2 Mini PC Fresh OpenCL + CUDA 8.0 Benchmarks On Kepler/Maxwell/Pascal With NVIDIA 375.10 On Ubuntu Linux 13-Way NVIDIA GeForce + CUDA 8.0 + cuDNN Caffe Benchmarks Support Phoronix The mission at Phoronix since 2004 has centered around enriching the Linux hardware experience. In addition to supporting our site through advertisements, you can help by subscribing to Phoronix Premium. You can also use our Amazon.com or NewEgg.com shopping links when making online purchases or contribute to Phoronix through a PayPal tip or Bitcoin. Phoronix Media Phoronix Test Suite OpenBenchmarking.org Phoromatic LinuxBenchmarking.com Phoronix Premium Support Phoronix While Having Ad-Free Browsing, Single-Page Article Viewing Share Facebook Twitter Google Plus Legal Disclaimer | Contact | Cookie Policy Copyright © 2004 - 2016 by Phoronix Media. All trademarks used are properties of their respective owners. All rights reserved.
Home Reviews Phones Tablets Apps Devices Deals Tip Us Search Android Community Home Reviews Phones Tablets Apps Devices Deals Tip Us Google sends Play Store credits to compensate for the Pixel delay By R Padla - November 1, 2016 1 Share on Facebook Tweet on Twitter We have high expectations about the Google Pixel and Pixel but even if we have our initial review, we’re interested to know how it will survive the stresses of everyday life. This we want to know as the Samsung Galaxy Note 7 failed us after starting out with much hype. Google has yet to release the phones and it seems the public will have to wait some more as shipping has already been delayed. The tech giant has been busing promoting the phones and even teaching us how to switch from an iPhone. Sample photos and videos are also being shown off online. Verizon already started to offer the phones. It was soon listed on the Google Store but quickly went out of stock. There’s no problem in Australia as Telstra began to deliver pre-ordered Pixel phones but in the United States, delivery is delayed already. It’s either the Pixel is already so popular that the company can’t keep up with the demand or there’s some problem in manufacturing within Google. We’re betting on the first reason and true enough, Google said that demand is too high. For those customers affected by shipping delays, Google is offering generously a $50 credits on the Play Store. That’s already a welcome compensation because you can buy a lot for fifty bucks. Okay, you can’t actually use the money but Play Store credits in such amount will go a long way. Those customers affected by this will be sent an email stating the credits will be given after the order is delivered. There is no mention when exactly Google will begin delivery but rumor has it probably December. That’s such a long time from the original October schedule. Read the full email below for your information: VIA: TechCrunch Story Timeline Filmmaker shoots demo reel on Google Pixel's 4K camera Google shows how to move from iPhone to Pixel with the Quick Switch Adapter T-Mobile to give back half of the Google Pixel cost Chainfire achieves systemless root access to Pixel, available to the public soon Root for the Google Pixel, Pixel XL is now available via SuperSU 2.78 SR2 TAGS Android Google Google Pixel Google Play Store Pixel Pixel XL Smartphone Must Read Google Home Review: Feeling at home with Google Assistant This is the Huawei Mate 9 and its Porsche Design twin Huawei Fit hands-on: fitness tracker in smartwatch clothing Stay Connected 883,798FansLike 136,403FollowersFollow 102,861FollowersFollow 469,000FollowersFollow 59,238SubscribersSubscribe About Contact Terms of Use Privacy Policy Advertise © 2016 Android Community - Part of R3 Media LLC
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Stock Picks Learn More News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: Facebook, Inc. Earnings Will Bring Revenue Growth Into Focus Here's why investors may want to check in on Facebook's revenue growth when the social network reports third-quarter results. Daniel Sparks (TMFDanielSparks) Nov 1, 2016 at 6:16PM In recent quarters, Facebook (NASDAQ:FB) has absolutely crushed it when it comes to growing its top line. But there's good reason this growth won't last. Indeed, the deceleration may have already started -- investors will find out whether or not the growth rate is contracting when the social network reports quarterly results on Wednesday, Nov. 2, after market close. Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg. Image source: Facebook. Facebook's monstrous growth isn't sustainable One reason Facebook's revenue growth is likely to decelerate soon is because recent astronomical growth rates are unsustainable. Facebook's $6.4 billion in second-quarter revenue, for instance, was up an incredible 59% compared to the year-ago quarter. This growth was driven by a 63% jump in Facebook's advertising revenue, which accounts for 97% of Facebook's total revenue. For comparison, Aphabet's (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL) Google revenue, which is driven primarily by digital advertising revenue, increased a more modest (but still solid) 20% in the company's most recent quarter. Sure, Google's $22.3 billion in quarterly revenue during the most recently reported quarter dwarfs Facebook's top line. But as Facebook's business continues to grow, the social network's growth rate for its advertising revenue will inevitably begin to decelerate toward levels closer to Google's. Further, Facebook hasn't demonstrated a sustained period of growth at this level. Indeed, as recently as Facebook's second quarter of 2015, year-over-year revenue growth was meaningfully lower, at 39%. Therefore, with lower revenue growth than Facebook's 59% year-over-year third quarter occurring so recently, it's wise for investors to model for deceleration. FB Revenue (Quarterly YoY Growth) data by YCharts Management has warned of a coming deceleration Perhaps the most obvious reason to expect Facebook's revenue growth to decelerate in the coming quarters is because management has essentially warned that this is exactly what is going to happen. In Facebook's second-quarter earnings call, for instance, Facebook CFO David Wehner said tough year-over-year comparisons, beginning in the third quarter of 2016, will drive "lower advertising revenue growth rates in each successive quarter in 2016." While Wehner admitted the "main drivers" for advertising growth will still be catalysts in 2016, tough year-ago comparisons will simply make sustaining the 59% year-over-year revenue growth achieved in Q2 difficult. And beyond Facebooks' third quarter, investors should expect revenue to continue to decelerate, according to Facebook management. Wehner explicitly warned a key driver for Facebook's advertising revenue -- ad load -- won't be as big of a catalyst in the future. Additionally, we anticipate ad load on Facebook will continue to grow modestly over the next 12- months and then will be a less significant factor driving revenue growth after mid-2017. Since ad load has been one of the important factors in our recent strong period of revenue growth, we expect our ability to grow revenue will be impacted accordingly. For Facebook's third quarter, analysts seem to be taking management's warning into account. On average, analysts are expecting revenue to increase by about 54%, down from Facebook's 59% growth in Q3. But this is still a notably optimistic outlook considering just two quarters ago Facebook's year-over-year revenue growth was lower, at 52%. Suzanne Frey, an executive at Alphabet, is a member of The Motley Fool's board of directors. Daniel Sparks owns shares of Facebook. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Alphabet (A shares), Alphabet (C shares), and Facebook. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Daniel Sparks (TMFDanielSparks) Daniel Sparks is a senior technology specialist at The Motley Fool. He served in the U.S. Army on active duty and graduated with an MBA from Colorado State University. Follow @danielsparks Article Info Nov 1, 2016 at 6:16PM Technology and Telecom Stocks Alphabet (A shares) NASDAQ:GOOGL $753.22 down $-18.53 (-2.40%) Facebook NASDAQ:FB $115.08 down $-3.94 (-3.31%) Alphabet (C shares) NASDAQ:GOOG $736.08 down $-17.94 (-2.38%) Read More Facebook, Inc. Earnings: 8 Metrics to Watch Facebook, Inc.'s Q3 Earnings in 10 Wild Metrics Facebook, Inc.'s Profits Surge and Its Stock Falls I'm Still Worried About This Potential Facebook Time Bomb Alphabet Slows Its Fiber Roll Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2016 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current New stock picks released in...         Get The Picks x
You must have javascript enabled to use this site. Please click here to learn how to enable javascript. (877) 303-4529 111 Market Place #720 Baltimore, MD 21202 Contact Us FAQ Whitelist Sitemap Energy & Capital About Archives Reports Resources Editors Videos Download your FREE report now: Cannabis Cash Connecting Health Care with IoT Written by Megan Dailey Posted October 29, 2016 I believe the word is “squick.” Definition: A person or thing that causes immediate and thorough revulsion. Yes, that’s exactly how I would describe the image of putting something electronic in my eye. When we think of the Internet of Things (IoT), we usually imagine rooms full of smart devices that talk to each other. You know: the thermostat that can learn your preferences, the lights that can change color depending on the time of day, and the smartphone that can monitor it all through an app. These things are created for comfort or style. But now companies are going a step further and a size (or 10) smaller... Eye Oh Tee From the people that (almost) brought you Google Glass comes the next phase in using tech to mess with your eyes: Google Smart Contact Lenses. This sci-fi–sounding nano-tech device is being developed by Verily, one of Alphabet’s branches. Now, the image that the company uses is a little terrifying. As someone who can’t even put regular contacts in without copious amounts of saline and about an hour of mental prep time, I couldn’t imagine having to put in a set of electronic lenses with sensors and chips in them every day. Luckily for people like me, the lens is actually an injection that molds to the shape of your eye and holds the microscopic chip and sensor in place by itself. That’s... marginally less horrifying. But more importantly, it’s a look into a whole new market, one that investors should be paying close attention to. Chris DeHaemer has touched on one aspect of biotech before: stem cells. These are productive cells that can be developed into any other kind of cell in the human body, hence the “stem” bit. But I’m not talking about what can be done with the technological marvels that humans already are. I’m talking about what can be added to make us better. In other words, how will we go from wearable technology to technology that is just part of us, and how will connected technology help us become healthier? The wearables we have today make the answers abundantly clear. Fitness trackers like the Fitbit are just the first iteration of health-conscious connected technology. And for many up-and-coming medical technologies, that’s where the focus will be. Verily’s smart lenses are designed to monitor the glucose levels in the eyes. Teva Pharmaceuticals offers a smart inhaler that tracks how often it’s used. And there are any number of smart watches out there that monitor the movement, heart rate, and even safety of the wearer. Some watches even have the ability to call for help if the wearer is hurt! All of these serve the same purpose: testing and prevention. The devices can’t do a thing if something goes wrong, but they can record the problem and alert someone who can help. For right now, that’s as far as the technology is looking. We still don’t have a machine that can rebuild a broken bone (though 3D printing human tissue is possible now) or detect the cause of pain — nothing we can make does that better than the human body just yet. But the insights that tell us more about how the body works and why it breaks down can lead to the development of these things later. Of course, there’s the matter of a whole different layer of safety... The Best Free Investment You'll Ever Make Our analysts have traveled the world over, dedicated to finding the best and most profitable investments in the global energy markets. All you have to do to join our Energy and Capital investment community is sign up for the newsletter below. We never spam! View our Privacy Policy You'll also get our free report, Fundamental Analysis: The Basics of Smart Investing Lifeline Hacks Just recently, there was a major hack that brought down servers and websites across the U.S., and the usual panic ensued. Honestly, hacking into most things is painfully easy to do these days. Your phone can be hacked remotely, your emails can be hijacked at any time, and people can even break into and control smart cars without ever leaving the comfort of a couch. It’s a scary time, but then what time wasn’t a little scary? The difference now is that the scare is all around us. There’s no plausible way to fully disconnect from the technology we’ve grown accustomed to (unless you have the money to move to a private island with no electricity and nothing to do but sit around and read books, in which case we need to talk). It’s bad enough that we have this vulnerable technology on our person at all times. Technology that’s built into our person? That’s far more dangerous. Of course, for now there’s no reason anyone would want to hack a glucose sensor or a step tracker. But security is an issue that any and all IoT companies need to keep in mind from the get-go. Companies like IBM (NYSE: IBM) have the most at stake — and the most to gain — in this situation. While IBM is currently the world leader in IoT adoption, it’s also become the world’s virtual security behemoth. The two go hand in hand: you can’t have broad-spectrum connectivity without some way to keep it from being tapped into at the push of a button! It’s one thing to sit at a conference and watch a guy with a laptop make a Tesla Model S move. It’s another thing entirely to have the same thing done to a human being. Taking Stock of the Situation I don’t mean to get into ethical debates or cyborg conspiracy theories. And I most certainly don’t mean to warn investors away from an opportunity like this. Of all the technological advancements that people claim are inevitable, it’s this one that truly is so. There’s no way that people will stop trying to improve the quality of life humans have, no way that technology won’t advance to help people get healthier, live longer, and be in less pain. Biotechnology is the future of health care, even if it is a bit of a scary one. Of course, I’m sure that’s what the world’s first surgeons thought as well. It’s just the next step in human development. And if you’re still skeptical of sensors and chips becoming the next vaccine, you’d be smart to refer back to Chris’s stem cell research. It’s a lot less scary, and just as lucrative. Until next time, Megan Dailey Energy and Capital Energy Demand will Increase 58% Over the Next 25 Years Trillions will be spent to secure the world's energy supply over the next two decades...and all sources are on the table. Oil, natural gas, solar, wind. There will be money made. Follow the money trail. Sign up for Energy and Capital now - it's entirely free! Subscribe Related Articles The Fifth Precious Metal Energy and Capital editor Christian DeHaemer tells you about the fifth precious metal along with gold, silver, platinum, and palladium... and why you should own some. Election Investing 101: How to Make a Fortune from the Trump-Clinton War These are the two most disliked presidential candidates in our country's history. Like it or not, one of them will be in the white house this November. How will the election affect your portfolio? Is the Gold Bull Market Over? With dashed hopes for a strong recovery in gold prices after last week's plunge, many are wondering if the gold bull market is over. Energy and Capital editor Luke Burgess urges investors to look at the bigger picture. What is Your Stock Worth? Energy and Capital editor Charles Mizrahi asks readers what their stocks are worth and shows them how to let the stock market serve them. 3-D Printing Stem Cells Energy and Capital editor Chris DeHaemer explains how a company is using 3-D printing to create stem cells. Comments Elon Musk's Lithium Revolution is Upon Us It's not an ordinary metal, but lithium demand is booming all over the world, driven by Tesla's life-changing innovations in technology. And Elon Musk's thirst for lithium is so great that he's desperate to secure his own supply at any cost. Sign up today for Energy & Capital to learn everything about this revolution, from the new lithium hub emerging that will quench Musk's lust for lithium, leading investors to a new era of energy profits, to the advanced projects currently underway that are fueling global lithium consumption. Subscribe Learn about Energy and Capital and our Privacy Policy Question of the Day How much student loan debt does the average millenial carry? $1 $5,000 $10,000 $25,000 Show Poll Results Submit Vote × Thanks for Voting! Thanks for sharing your thoughts! Get the real facts on how bad student loans have become in our new bonus report "Digging Into Debt: How Student Loans are Burying Borrowers". Simply enter your e-mail address to receive the report along with our FREE newsletter! Sign-Up Top Rated 1 TLT is Dynamite 2 Tesla Solar Goes Too Far 3 Is Trump the End for Clean Energy? 4 The Cash Confiscation Act of Today 5 The Secret Behind 6 Blue-Collar... Trending Articles 1 Natural Gas Price Forecast 2017 2 Best Mining Stocks 3 Oil Price Forecast Thru 2017: Part 1 4 Lithium Outlook 2017 5 Are Platinum Prices Set to Soar? Energy and Capital About Us Archives Reports Investment Resources Editors Videos Contact Us Energy and Capital 111 Market Place #720 Baltimore, MD 21202 Tel: (877) 303-4529 Fax: (410) 814-5959 Search About Energy is such a pervasive resource that it affects every single human endeavor. Energy has become fundamental to the very basic functions of contemporary civilization. And it is imperative to the future growth, prosperity, social stability, and security of nations around the world. Without energy, everything comes to a grinding halt. Energy and Capital has collected some of the most highly touted energy experts in the industry. These guys literally wrote the book on investing in Peak Oil. © 2016 Energy and Capital. All rights reserved. Limited Time Only: The Essential Investing Guide to Hit the Market in 2016 If you're ready to take control of your investments and ride Tesla's surging lithium revolution to higher profits, you NEED to read this report. The report is yours, FREE. Just tell us where to send it. You'll also have exclusive FREE access to the market insight offered in the Energy and Capital e-mail newsletter, which will help you shape your investment portfolio no matter which way the market swings. Send My FREE Report Now Subscribe
Home About Authors Contact Us Photo Gallery Topics News Area Arts and Leisure Business Education Events Opinion Commentary Politics Spirituality Sports Recent Articles Veterans at Tennessee State Veteran’s Home in Clarksville receive Quilts of Valor APSU Men’s Basketball plays Oakland City tonight at the Dunn Center AAA reports Gas Prices Push Lower Edward’s Steakhouse to hold “Music and Martinis” featuring “The Queen City Quartet” November 15th Instant Peay Play: APSU Govs’ Josh Robinson should be odds-on favorite to lead OVC in scoring American Heart Association says Frequent Simulation-Based Training may improve CPR proficiency among hospital staff APSU running back Kentel Williams earns Three OVC Awards Brianne Alexander scores 23 in APSU Women’s Basketball win over Christian Brothers Clarksville Police releases update on Eve Drive Vehicle Crash Clarksville Police work Vehicle Crash near Intersection of Daniel Street and Gracey Avenue Clarksville Police reports 9-year old takes car on joyride, crashes on Eva Drive LEAP Youth Featured in One-of-a-Kind Mock Interview for Career Success Robbie Wilson inks three for APSU Men’s Golf Alternate Turkey Cooking Methods for Thanksgiving OVC Volleyball Championship field set, APSU Govs face Tennessee State in opener Wounded during first tour in Iraq, 101st Airborne Soldier’s return there in support of OIR has personal meaning American Heart Association says CPR skills low among older adults Slow Start hinders APSU Football in loss to Eastern Kentucky Cookie Bars influenced from Thanksgiving Pies Tennessee Vols Football pushes past Kentucky Wildcats 49-36 Official Sites City of Clarksville, TN Clarksville Arts & Heritage Development Council Clarksville Department of Electricity Clarksville Gas and Water Department Clarksville Montgomery County School System Clarksville Police Department Clarksville, Montgomery County Economic Development Council Clarksville, TN Ordinances Clarksville-Montgomery County Public Library Fort Campbell, Ky Montgomery County Animal Control Montgomery County, Tennessee Montgomery County, Tennessee Sheriff's Office Parks after Dark « Older: APSU Volleyball hosts Murray State Wednesday, First of Four Game Homestand Newer: Austin Peay State University’s Lindsey Todd named OVC Co-Goalkeeper of the Week » City of Clarksville goes Google, chooses G Suite for workplace apps November 1, 2016 | Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest   City of Clarksville reaches for the power of the Cloud to improve productivity, reduce costs Clarksville, TN – Clarksville Government is going Google with a new set of tools that will help employees work together more efficiently and deliver better service to residents. Clarksville Mayor Kim McMillan announced today that the City of Clarksville has chosen G Suite for Government as its provider of a comprehensive package of productivity applications that includes email, documents, calendaring and scheduling, instant messaging, video sharing and conferencing, and unlimited cloud-based data storage. Clarksville Mayor Kim McMillan and Maura Sullivan, chief operating officer for the City of Chattanooga, conduct a live video chat, or “Hangout,” to demonstrate some one of the capabilities of G Suite. The City of Clarksville announced Tuesday that it had “gone Google’ and chosen G Suite to provide of a comprehensive package of workplace productivity applications. Sullivan said Chattanooga started using G Suite a year ago and has been pleased with the results. “Our community welcomed a Google Data Center to our mega-site last year, and now we’re excited to deepen our relationship with Google and turn to G Suite as our workplace technology provider,” Mayor McMillan said. “G Suite’s set of Cloud-based collaboration tools will help our government run smarter and provide better services for our citizens.” G Suite, which had been known as Google Apps until a recent rebranding, is a Cloud and web-based solution that was chosen for its ease of use, lower cost structure and powerful set of applications. “G Suite is a set of intelligent apps—Gmail, Docs, Drive, Calendar, Hangouts, and more—designed to bring people together, with real-time collaboration built in from the start,” Kelly Campbell, senior director of G Suite Marketing, said in a blog announcing the new name. “And, there’s a lot more on the way. We believe that when organizations break down silos, connect people and empower them to work together, we get the speed, agility and impact needed to compete in today’s market.” Mayor McMillan said G Suite and the City have worked out a strong long-term service agreement that will reduce costs for the City and its taxpayers. Amie Wilson, Clarksville Director of Information Technology, said Going Google on a large scale has many benefits for City employees and ultimately, City residents. “We’re moving full-speed ahead to convert all City departments to the G Suite platform,” Wilson said. “It’s a smart, secure, and proven infrastructure that will improve productivity and efficiency. That’s a combination of advantages that’s hard to beat.” First, because G Suite is enabled by Google Cloud, it reduces the City’s configuration of servers, which today require extensive upkeep, upgrades and patches. G Suite also offers an extensive set of applications in a single bundle, enabling savings on software licenses, and reducing frequent software upgrades and retraining. Second, G Suite is user-friendly and flexible. It is web-based, meaning its features can be accessed via the Internet with any device with a web browser. This captures the power of the BYOD (“Bring Your Own Device) trend, expanding staff efficiency by allowing productivity at any time, at any place and on multiple devices, especially smartphones. Third, G Suite offers additional functionality, with applications like Hangouts, Docs, Mobile Device Management, and Instant Messaging that will redefine how teams collaborate to deliver services to citizens. Hangouts is an online video meetings service that allows up to 25 people to connect from their laptop, tablet, phone, or conference room unit. Hangouts includes screen sharing, voice calling and instant messaging for quick conversations. With Google Docs, employees can collaborate on documents in real time from separate locations, so teams can work on the same document at the same time and complete projects faster. So, in a likely workplace example, staff at City Hall could connect using video, voice and interactive documents with a second group at Street Department offices two miles away and a third group miles away at a worksite in North Clarksville to resolve a roadwork problem. Fourth, Google’s state-of-the-art Data Centers — like the one being built here in Clarksville – enable G Suite’s Cloud-based architecture and increases data security and privacy. This will help the City of Clarksville meet the most demanding government data security requirements, including compliance with HIPAA. It will also protect against cyber crime and natural disasters with Google security protocols, including double encryption and replication of data. Clarksville joins a growing list of large cities going Google, including Boston, Los Angles, St. Louis, and nearby Chattanooga in Tennessee, plus the states of Colorado, Maryland, Wyoming and Utah who have moved to the G Suite platform. “G-Suite is at the center of our drive to leverage technology and innovation in every aspect of City government,” Mayor McMillan said. “I’m sure G Suite will also open a new era in the City’s ability to engage and connect with constituents.” SectionsNews TopicsAmie Wilson, Boston MA, Chattanooga TN, City of Clarksville, Clarksville Mayor, Clarksville TN, Colorado, G Suite for Government, Gmail, Google, Google Cloud, Google Data Center, Kim McMillan, Los Angles LA, Maryland, St. Louis MO, Utah, Wyoming Related Posts Clarksville Mayor Kim McMillan’s letter regarding the FY2012 Budget McMillan Elected to Mayors’ Conference Leadership Clarksville Mayor Kim McMillan attends U.S. Conference of Mayors Winter Meeting Clarksville Mayor Kim McMillan appoints Amie Wilson Director of Information Technology Clarksville-Montgomery County Industrial Development Board announces Wally Crow as New Chairman Comments You must be logged in to post a comment. Connect with Enter your WordPress.com blog URL http://.wordpress.com Proceed Personal Controls Log in Archives November 2016 S M T W T F S « Oct       1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30   2016: J F M A M J J A S O N D 2015: J F M A M J J A S O N D 2014: J F M A M J J A S O N D 2013: J F M A M J J A S O N D 2012: J F M A M J J A S O N D 2011: J F M A M J J A S O N D 2010: J F M A M J J A S O N D 2009: J F M A M J J A S O N D 2008: J F M A M J J A S O N D 2007: J F M A M J J A S O N D 2006: J F M A M J J A S O N D Local Community Ajax Turner Senior Citizens Center Clarksville Community Concert Association Clarksville Kiwanis Club Dunbar Cave State Natural Area Friends of Dunbar Cave Gateway Chamber Orchestra Leadership Clarksville Tennessee Alliance for Progress The Customs House Museum The Roxy Regional Theatre Affiliated Web Sites Bonehead Promotions Clarksville Sports Network Discover Clarksville WJZM 1400 AM Feeds Full Comments                 © 2006-2016 Clarksville, TN Online is owned and operated by residents of Clarksville Tennessee. » We are Hosted by Compu-Net Enterprises; In Partnership with Discover Clarksville and Discover Paris
Alex Hopmann’s Blog Modern Art makes me want to rock out Home About Art Story of XMLHTTP Hiking Video Card Guide Arduino and *Duino Comparisons Music Restaurants Miscellaneous Cooking RSS Story of XMLHTTP Leaving Microsoft (I’m now back at Microsoft since late 2008) has certainly encouraged me to reflect a little bit on some of the projects I’ve been involved with. One that is probably worth sharing is the history of XMLHTTP. XMLHTTP has lately become a huge hit. It seems like people noticed it when Google started using it in the Google Suggest feature and they looked at the source code of that page to figure out how it worked. Google had actually been using it earlier in GMail, but the JavaScript sources behind GMail was much more complicated and people didn’t notice it right away. Since then XMLHTTP and the “AJAX” (Asynchronous Javascript And XML) methodology have been mentioned in the Wall Street Journal and CNET among other news sources. The reality is that the client architecture of GMail appears to follow the rough design of the Exchange 2000 implementation of Outlook Web Access for IE5 and later which shipped way back in 2000. XMLHTTP actually began its life out of the Exchange 2000 team. I had joined Microsoft in November 1996 and moved to Redmond in the spring of 1997 working initially on some Internet Standards stuff as related to the future of Outlook. I was specifically doing some work on meta-data for web sites including an early proposal called “Web Collections”. During this time period Thomas Reardon one day dragged me down the hall to introduce me to this guy named Jean Paoli that had just joined the company. Jean was working on this new thing called XML that some people suspected would be very big some day (for some unclear reason at the time). After I got the gist of XML, I switched my Web Collections proposal to take advantage of it and published a “W3C Submission” entitled “Web Collections using XML”. In retrospect this is actually a fairly embarrassing document, but what can I say- back at the time “push” was the hottest thing on the web and to the best of my knowledge this is the earliest published public document discussing XML anywhere. This led to me getting involved with some Microsoft folks who were working on the WebDAV standard and I made a big push to move WebDAV to using XML as its model for communicating data. Shortly after I joined the Exchange team which was just ramping up on Exchange 2000 to lead the development of Microsoft’s WebDAV servers (which were implemented both on normal IIS over the file system- DAVFS, and over Exchange data- DAVEX). I don’t recall exactly when we started working on Outlook Web Access in Exchange 2000. I think it was about a year after I joined the team, probably sometime in mid 1998. In any case we were already a milestone or two into the Exchange 2000 (or “Platinum”) project and had been carefully ignoring the issue of OWA mostly because the old version was such a hack. The old version had been written in a big rush by a pervious iteration of the team using ASP pages and was both fairly ugly and had huge server scalability and performance problems. At some point Brian Valentine (who was still the GM of Exchange at the time) asked us to figure out what to do with OWA for Exchange 2000. There were two implementations that got started, one based on serving up straight web pages as efficiently as possible with straight HTML, and another one that started playing with the cool user interface you could build with DHTML. When I first got a demo of the DHTML work that Jim Van Eaton and Bob Gering were doing I was just blown away. However they were basically doing hacky form-posts back to the server and had some of the same scalability and dynamic data problems of the old version. That weekend (I think shortly before September 10th, 1998 which is the earliest date on the spec) I startup up Visual Studio and whipped up the first version of what would become XMLHTTP. The first version didn’t have async support hooked up and was pretty crude, but it was enough to help Jim and Bob talk to some of the WebDAV/XML support we had already built for Exchange 2000 and make some really rapid progress with their DHTML OWA implementation. How we actually shipped XMLHTTP It was one thing to have this cool component we could use to talk to the server, but we still weren’t in any position to use it in the shipping product yet. The basic premise of Outlook Web Access was that you could walk up to any computer that had the browser on it and just get to your email. If we needed to download ActiveX controls, it was going to ruin the basic premise of the product, so the next step was to embark on shipping this thing in Internet Explorer. Step one was to bring the code up to production quality so we got Shawn Bracewell, one of the devs on the OWA team to take it over. Being a smart guy he promptly threw away all of my code and rewrote it in a more solid fashion, adding async support, error handling and more. Meanwhile the IE project was just weeks away from beta 2 which was their last beta before the release. This was the good-old-days when critical features were crammed in just days before a release, but this was still cutting it close. I realized that the MSXML library shipped with IE and I had some good contacts over in the XML team who would probably help out- I got in touch with Jean Paoli who was running that team at the time and we pretty quickly struck a deal to ship the thing as part of the MSXML library. Which is the real explanation of where the name XMLHTTP comes from- the thing is mostly about HTTP and doesn’t have any specific tie to XML other than that was the easiest excuse for shipping it so I needed to cram XML into the name (plus- XML was the hot technology at the time and it seemed like some good marketing for the component). While Shawn worked with Chris Lovett on the XML team to integrate with their library, I covered the rest of the “ship it” bases and got sign-off from Joe Peterson who was running IE at the time. We did a quick security review but at the time no one really understood the seriousness or types of vulnerabilities that anything shipping could cause. In terms of quality for the beta the theory was “no one other than OWA is going to try to call it so if it has a bug in the beta, worst case we just can’t use it.” With a week to go before the beta we checked it in, got a build and tried it out and everything looked great. The beta shipped and the OWA team was able to start running forward using the beta IE5, while Shawn fixed a number of bugs through the ship day of IE5. It took us another year and a half to ship Exchange 2000, but this was one of those cases where the little bit of planning ahead meant that by the time we shipped the necessary bits were already pretty widely out there. Actually shipping the thing required help from many more people that I’ve mentioned so far (and I’m sure I’ve forgotton others). Karim Battish and Sean Lyndersay were both involved at various times keep the spec updated (which was written pretty much after the implementation, but sometimes that is just how it works out) and working with partner teams. Chris Tyner was critical on the test side- I’m pretty sure without his energy and perseverance we would have shipped the thing with numerous holes. If I recall Chris made this killer HTML page that gave you a UI for sending arbitrary HTTP requests. I think it was called “DAVUI” and it had templates for all the common HTTP 1.1, WebDAV and special Exchange requests, and unlike the tool we had been using before (that was a traditional Win32 EXE) you could just copy this one .htm file to any machine or else run it remotely and it just worked. Brilliant. There is a new article on CNET talking about AJAX / the Dynamic HTML + JavaScript + XMLHTTP development methodology. It questions whether the AJAX approach diminishes the value of things like Flash and Microsoft’s Avalon / XAML. Having spent the past 4 years working on Avalon I think this totally misses the value of Avalon and managed code. Building Outlook Web Access was really really very very hard, and even so the results were not comparable to the real thing (Outlook). You can’t take it offline, you can’t use it with multiple mail accounts in a coordinated way, and the UI is just somewhat more clunky. This doesn’t take away from the core value of OWA in being something you can get to from anywhere. Still, the programming model and maintainability of the DHTML approach was really difficult as the app got bigger. The beauty of many of the Google applications is that they are really tight focused apps that don’t try to do that much, but really take nice advantages of the web characteristics. It seems like a false assumption to assume that this approach will scale up for applications like Office. Avalon is based on a programming model that is a big step up in terms of componentization and maintainability, plus it leapfrogs the type of graphics, user interface and just plain experience you can deliver even with finely tuned full Windows code. The lesson to take out of this thing is to appreciate the importance of shipping and having the patience to let something succeed. It feels like the press (and sometimes even the internal attitude) about something like Avalon is to measure it by how many apps have adopted it on the launch day. That is just crazy and it doesn’t get the basics of how big a shift these sorts of things can be and how long it takes to move the mind-set, learning, and deployment of a big new platform. I’m convinced that if Microsoft ships Avalon next year and Microsoft and the industry manage to stick to it and take the long-term perspective, its going to be ubiquitous in 5 years. But it really does take a few years before the actual momentum is there. That was a great thing about working at Microsoft and I hope they still have it- the long term vision and ability to commit to things until version 3 when it really hits the mainstream. As a start-up we need to be constantly adapting, shipping very quickly and efficiently. I’ve also got a few teasers online of new projects that I’m working on. The image libraries like this airplane picture set with AJAX based zooming and manipulation and my calendardata.com web site which helps syndicate calendar events are some to get started. Update- January 31, 2007 Adam Bosworth gave a talk this week that was picked up in some of the press including this write-up at eWeek and again at Slashdot. He talks about the early days of DHTML and Ajax and some of the Slashdot comments have picked up on his talking about having invented Ajax and suggested this conflicts with my Story of XMLHTTP write up that has been carried in many online outlets lately. I’ll weigh in and say that both are true. To the extent that there is some confusion its because what we call AJAX today is a collection of many things- The basic dynamic HTML infrastructure. The XMLHTTP & async network communication piece. And the patterns of tying it all together. Adam and his team (especially folks like Rod Chavez, Christian Fortini, Michael Wallent and many others, as usual I’m probably forgetting to mention some of the key people) invented the Dynamic HTML part which was miles beyond what Netscape was doing at the time. I just filled in the XMLHTTP piece, and collaborated with many others to do the first major app that tied it together (Outlook Web Access). Without the earlier contributions of the Trident/IE teams, it wouldn’t have been possible, and its absolutely true that Adam and many folks he worked with had the conceptual vision for tying it together (he called it weblications at the time). Having said that, they never built a real app with it and the act of using it for real turned up some missing pieces, leading to XMLHTTP as well as several other things that the Trident and XML teams themselves pioneered. I’d also like to acknowledge the Adaptive Path guys for coming up with a nice description of the approach and giving it a word that wraps it up nicely (Ajax). At Microsoft we totally blew the opportunity to evangelize and get out in front of this approach back in 1999. That itself is a longer story for sometime in the future. I realize that some in the technical community are “all about the engineering” but effective marketing and communication of your ideas is important and we missed out on that. I do also think that Adam’s discussion of why Ajax didn’t take off in 1997 misses a key point. Sure, network connections were too slow at the time. The computers themselves and Javascript was too slow (recall that typical machines were 200mhz). The earliest versions of DHTML in IE4 had some.. er.. issues to work out (there was more than one reason that OWA required later versions of the browser). But most importantly I just don’t think its realistic to expect the development community to make sweeping shifts to some new technology quickly. As I’ve mentioned before these things take 3-5 years, so its not much of a surprise that the stuff that was developed incrementally between 1996 and 1998 actually started to hit it big in 2000-2002 and really exploded in 2005-2006. There are currently 5 responses to “Story of XMLHTTP” Why not let us know what you think by adding your own comment! Your opinion is as valid as anyone elses, so come on... let us know what you think. 1 On March 18th, 2007, omo said: fun to read! I’ve made a Japanese translation of this article. which is available at: http://hyuki.com/yukiwiki/wiki.cgi?StoryOfXmlhttp If you have any trouble, please contact me. thank you. 2 On January 7th, 2009, Bob Tudor said: Alex it was fun to read this – an old friend… BT 3 On April 5th, 2009, Mike Gale said: I agree that this should have been publicised more. A great idea that had to wait until the browsers caught up. This web world is so slow to evolve. Refreshing to see some inside details. It’s unfortunate that most people using these ideas don’t know where it came from and, worse still, believe it came from somewhere else. If you use AJAX think of this for you “required reading” list! 4 On March 30th, 2011, AJAX and the XMLHTTPRequest5 « Strictly Tech Talk said: [...] http://www.alexhopmann.com/story-of-xmlhttp/ //  http://www.aaronsw.com/weblog/ajaxhistory [...] 5 On March 31st, 2011, Google Docs vs Office Live « Strictly Tech Talk said: [...] Now, as I have been mentioning in my previous articles, Web standards are important, technologies are beign born that improve our expirence, and microsoft doesnt always get it right first go. I mention this specifically in regards to Office Live (Microsoft’s online office application suite). but, I do not mention this with malevolence . I personally have a Windows 7 Ultimate addition and enjoy it thoroughly. I do, however, completely refuse to use internet explorer in favour of Firefox and Chrome. The reason for me to brign this up, is that i also employ Ubuntu (10.10) on my net-book I use for university.  Even though dual booting Windows 7, neitehr operating system could get  into Office Live. Only upon returning home to my up-to-date and super functional desktop on ADSL2 that it loaded. Why would Office Live only support Windows running Internet Explorer or Firefox? I did find a few issues people were having here and here but, I would gauge it’s all to do with how many features are offered {add more functions, add more bugs}. Especially if i remember correctly from here. [...] Leave a Reply Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website up to content » Advertising Calendar November 2016 S M T W T F S « Jun       1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30   Archives June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 January 2013 November 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 January 2011 October 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 March 2009 February 2009 January 2009 December 2008 September 2008 August 2008 July 2008 June 2008 May 2008 April 2008 March 2008 February 2008 January 2008 December 2007 November 2007 October 2007 September 2007 August 2007 July 2007 June 2007 May 2007 April 2007 March 2007 February 2007 January 2007 December 2006 November 2006 September 2006 August 2006 July 2006 June 2006 May 2006 April 2006 March 2006 February 2006 January 2006 December 2005 November 2005 Categories Apple (5) Aviation (22) Azure (2) Books (3) Business (65) Canon TX1 (5) Casio (3) Cooking (9) Developers (32) Exercise (3) Facebook (8) Food (11) Games (6) Gaming (4) General (3) Graphics (13) Hardware (67) Hiking (7) Home (3) iPhone (2) Jobs (6) Launch21 (1) Mac (10) Management (2) Marketing (1) Microcontrollers (2) Microsoft (12) Misc (4) Mixed Reality (2) Music (32) Network Magic (2) Networking (9) Outdoors (3) Performance (1) Photography (11) Politics (6) PowerShell (1) PR (5) Presentations (2) Pure Networks (2) Rafting (1) Silverlight (2) Skiing (7) Software (24) Space (1) Sports (3) Standards (3) Storage (8) Technology (299) Travel (9) TV (6) Virtualization (3) Vista (17) VR (13) Weather (4) Wine (2) WPF (5) Subscribe rss posts rss comments Latest Posts Implications of Gigabit Internet to the Home The Verge On Creating Mixed Reality Videos PC Build Update Bill Gates interviews Neal Stephenson in 360 video Mixed Reality Video HTC Vive Launches Tomorrow VR Impact on Development VR Performance and CPUs- Cores vs Frequency VR API support in Games Cloudhead on Locomotion in VR Friends Meta Log in © 0 - 2016 Alex Hopmann’s Blog. All Rights Reserved. You are here : Home » Story of XMLHTTP
Pocket-lint Sections Apps Cameras Cars Drones Fitness Trackers Gadgets Games Headphones Laptops Parenting Phones Smart Home Smartwatches Speakers Tablets TV VR News Reviews Features Deals YouTube Instagram Facebook Twitter Google+ search Phones Best Phone Cameras Fitness trackers Parent hub Smart home EE Pocket-lint Awards If you want to be a wizard, cast a spell with your Android phone Elyse Betters1 November 2016Phones Google Facebook Twitter Pintrest LinkedIn Google+ Mail Comment Fantastic Beasts is scheduled to premiere soon, so Warner Bros is teaming up with Google to offer a magical promotion. The upcoming film, which hits theatres 18 November, is set in JK Rowling’s “Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them", but it takes places decades before Harry Potter first arrives in Hogwarts. It follows magizoologist Newt Scamander in a whole new era of the wizarding world. To help promote the film, Warner Bros, the studio behind Fantastic Beasts, partnered with Google to let you cast spells on your Android phone using "OK Google". If you want to try being a Harry Potter-like wizard, say “OK Google” followed by “Lumos” or “Nox” to turn your flashlight on or off, respectively. You can also say “Silencio” to silence the ringer and notifications. Google is also updating Google Street View with tours of locations in Fantastic Beasts, allowing you to virtually visit the Magical Congress of the US, The Blind Pig speakeasy, and the apartments of some of the film's characters. But that's not all: Google is developing a Fantastic Beasts Daydream virtual reality experience for the Daydream View VR headset, as well as a Fantastic Beasts sticker pack for use in its Google Allo messenger app. Sections Google Phones Source: Google That Lumee light-up case Kim K uses has been updated to Lumee Two Best Black Friday UK phone deals: Apple, Samsung, Android phone deals galore New evidence to suggest iPhone 8 will come with curved bezel-less screen The Huawei P10 could be one incredibly powerful smartphone if leaked specs are... Popular In Phones On Pocket-lint Best Black Friday UK phone deals: Apple, Samsung, Android phone deals galore New evidence to suggest iPhone 8 will come with curved bezel-less screen The Huawei P10 could be one incredibly powerful smartphone if leaked specs are real Five great deals in the GearBest 11.11 sale What is the Mannequin Challenge? Plus, the best ones on the web Huawei Mate 9 review: The big-screen boss HTC Bolt launches in the US What better way to celebrate global madness than a $3K gold Trump iPhone Apple could introduce truly wireless charging with iPhone 8 Next Sony Xperia flagship: What's the story so far? Can't buy a NES Classic Mini? How to build your own retro console for just £50 Best Black Friday UK TV deals: 4K, HDR, OLED TVs and more Nintendo Switch: Release date, price, specs and everything you need to know Best UK Black Friday and Cyber Monday 2016 deals Black Friday UK laptop deals: The best laptop deals online Amazon Music Unlimited or Spotify: Which is best for you? Best Black Friday UK games deals: Amazing PS4, Xbox One and Nintendo deals Best Black Friday UK phone deals: Apple, Samsung, Android phone deals galore Best Black Friday 2016 UK camera deals: DSLR, compact and system camera bargains Best Black Friday UK fitness tracker deals: Garmin, Fitbit, Polar and more Comments search News All news Reviews Hands-on All reviews Features Buyer's guides Vs All features Sections Apps Cameras Cars Drones Fitness Trackers Gadgets Games Headphones Laptops Parenting Phones Smart Home Smartwatches Speakers Tablets TV VR Popular Brands Apple Samsung HTC Microsoft Google Facebook Lego Panasonic LG Amazon Extras & Social Newsletter RSS Twitter Facebook Google+ YouTube Events Pocket-lint Gadget Awards Regulars Comps Deals Copyright Pocket-lint ltd 2003 - 2016 Site map Contact us About us Reviews policy Site policy Advertise on Pocket-lint
Eco Business Logo Log in / Sign up Subscribe or follow us on: News Opinion Videos Events Jobs Press Releases Research Industry Spotlight Feature Series Special Reports Regions Australia Europe Hong Kong India Indonesia Japan Malaysia Philippines Singapore Thailand All regions Menu Close Sections Home News Opinion Videos Events Jobs Press Releases Research Industry Spotlight Feature Series Special Reports Publications A-Z Tags About About Us Our Team Contributors Op-ed Guidelines Press Release Guidelines Contact Us Subscribe Newsletter Facebook Twitter Linkedin RSS Topics Carbon & Climate CSR Cities Energy Food & Agriculture Green Buildings Lifestyle Manufacturing Policy & Finance Transport Waste Water Regions Australia Europe Hong Kong India Indonesia Japan Malaysia Philippines Singapore Thailand Show all regions Carbon & Climate CSR Cities Energy Food & Agriculture Green Buildings Lifestyle Manufacturing Policy & Finance Transport Waste Water Home News Energy Previous Next Google Earth images shed light on where solar rooftops make sense Is your rooftop right for solar? A prize-winning website can tell you - in one second. US-based engineer Carl Elkin’s Project Sunroof utilises Google Earth to identify rooftops that receive enough sunlight to make installing solar panels worthwhile. Image: Pixabay Thomson Reuters Foundation Tuesday 1 November 2016 Share this story During his free time on the job as a Google employee, Carl Elkin began tinkering with the company’s 3D mapping program, wondering if it could identify rooftops that receive enough sunlight to make installing solar panels worthwhile. When months later the U.S.-based engineer showed a handful of colleagues the results of his labor, they had a eureka moment. “The lightbulb kind of went off,” said Joel Conkling, Elkin’s colleague at the California-based company. “It felt like intuitively it had some real potential.” Soon after, a team followed Elkin’s lead and designed Project Sunroof. The project website uses Google Earth’s high-resolution aerial images to calculate any roof’s solar energy potential. For homeowners, figuring out whether installing thousands of dollars worth of solar panels is a sound investment can be confusing. Project Sunroof aims to make the decision easier - and speed up the adoption of solar energy, which today accounts for less than 1 per cent of U.S. electricity generation. “ We were impressed by the scalability of the technology with more and more states and homes able to utilise it. Nick Nuttall, spokesman, U.N. Climate Change Secretariat Homeowners interested in assessing their property’s solar potential can enter their address on Project Sunroof’s website, and in roughly a second get a calculation of how many hours of usable sunlight their roof receives, Conkling said. Thousands of lines of computer code analyse factors such as the shade trees cast on a roof, its orientation and local weather patterns, he said. Project Sunroof then connects users whose roof is suitable for solar panels with companies that install them. “People can come in and very quickly and very easily get a pretty sophisticated understanding of their solar potential and whether it makes sense for them to go solar,” said Conkling, a product manager for Project Sunroof. The response has been encouraging, he said. Last month, Project Sunroof was among 13 projects from around the world to win a Momentum for Change award, which recognises innovative and potentially transformative ways to tackle climate change and move toward a low-carbon future. “We were impressed by the scalability of the technology with more and more states and homes able to utilise it,” said Nick Nuttall, a spokesman for the Bonn-based U.N. Climate Change Secretariat, which presents the award. Since launching last year, Project Sunroof has expanded from offering analysis of rooftops in two states to 42 states, from New York to California. Thousands of users have been connected with solar-panel installers, Conkling told the Thomson Reuters Foundation. In many states, homeowners who produce solar energy can sell all or part of it the power grid. Such payments - and other incentives - are often essential to help offset the steep upfront investment, which can run between $17,000 and $24,000 for a typical solar panel system, according to data from research firm GTM Research. Other U.S. companies also map the solar potential of roofs, including Geostellar and Mapdwell. But Conkling said he is confident that Google Earth’s global reach and high definition images can help it cover more ground and provide estimates with an unprecedented degree of accuracy. Nuttall, of the U.N. climate secretariat, agrees the system potentially could be used in many more places. “There seems no reason why one day it could not go global,” he said. In recent years, Google has invested nearly $2.5 billion in clean energy wind and solar projects, according to the company’s corporate website. This story was published with permission from Thomson Reuters Foundation, the charitable arm of Thomson Reuters, that covers humanitarian news, women’s rights, trafficking, property rights and climate change. Visit http://news.trust.org. Share this story Topics Energy Regions Global United States Tags awards clean energy competitions renewable energy solar Advertisement Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus Advertisement Most popular Carbon & Climate The United States faces a polarising climate reality The United States faces a polarising climate reality Carbon & Climate Collect Earth: Google and FAO launch new forest tool Collect Earth: Google and FAO launch new forest tool Waste Greenpeace: Samsung smartphone recall may result in "environmental disaster" Greenpeace: Samsung smartphone recall may result in "environmental disaster" View all news Industry Spotlight Policy & Finance Eaton: Innovating to stay ahead of the game Eaton: Innovating to stay ahead of the game Energy The European way to green energy in Southeast Asia The European way to green energy in Southeast Asia CSR Why sustainability standards are important for India’s growth Why sustainability standards are important for India’s growth View all Feature Series Smart homes for the future Future-proofing Asian cities the smart way Future-proofing Asian cities the smart way Powering Asia Pacific's Solar Revolution Conergy: Sparking the Philippines' solar power revolution Conergy: Sparking the Philippines' solar power revolution International Green Building Conference 2016 7 ideas for greener, healthier living 7 ideas for greener, healthier living View all Featured Events nov 22 Philippines ADB Green Business Forum for Asia and the Pacific 2016 nov 22 Singapore Responsible Business Forum on Sustainable Development 2016 nov 24 China WasteMET Asia 2016 nov 27 Israel Eilat-Eilot Renewable and Clean Energy 2016 nov 29 Thailand Solar Finance & Investment | Solar & Off-Grid Renewables Southeast Asia feb 21 United Kingdom Energy from Waste feb 22 Australia Australian Waste to Energy Forum 2017 Add an Event View all Subscribe Subscribe to our newsletters The best Eco-Business stories, jobs and events delivered to your inbox – daily or weekly. Subscribe Get our weekly newsletter Follow us on facebook Read our stories and particpate in the Eco-Business facebook group. Follow Follow us on facebook Advertisement Supporting Organisations Eco Business Logo Back to top Asia Pacific’s sustainable business community Sections Home News Opinion Videos Events Jobs Press Releases Research Industry Spotlight Feature Series Special Reports Publications A-Z Tags Subscribe Newsletter Facebook Twitter Linkedin RSS About About Us Our Team Contributors Contact Us Policy Op-ed Guidelines Press Release Guidelines Privacy Policy © Eco-Business 2009—2016
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health     Science Money Video Travel Columnists Latest Headlines Science Pictures My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Hulu adds Fox and Disney to its $40 a month live TV streaming service as it takes on Google and AT&T in battle to kill off the cable companies Hulu signed agreements with Fox and Disney to license their channels Some 35 networks will be added in 2017 to Hulu's live TV service  This is a bid to compete with cable companies, as it will cost $40 a month Will compete against similar services from Google, AT&T and others  By Stacy Liberatore For Dailymail.com Published: 18:47 EST, 1 November 2016 | Updated: 14:14 EST, 2 November 2016 e-mail 38 shares 37 View comments Hulu announced new affiliate agreements with 21st Century Fox and The Walt Disney Company. The deals encompass more than 35 networks that will be added to the platform early 2017 when Hulu launches its live TV service to compete with cable companies. Users will have access to Fox's premier entertainment, news, sports and non-fiction services, as well as Disney's portfolio of networks - and access could cost as little as $40 a month. Hulu announced new affiliate agreements with 21st Century Fox and The Walt Disney Company. The deals encompass 35 networks that will be added to the line-up in early 2017 when Hulu launches its live TV service to compete with cable companies THE INTERNET TV WARS  Earlier this year, Hulu said today it will offer a live-streaming service in 2017 that will offer a mix of cable and broadcast programming as well as news, sports and events.  That pits the streaming service against similar offerings from Dish's Sling TV and Sony's PlayStation Vue as more and more Americans shift to watching TV online.  Earlier this week, it was claimed Google has signed a deal with CBS Corp to carry the network on its web TV service and is in talks with 21st Century Fox and Viacom Inc to distribute its channels Apple is also believed to be developing a similar service. AT&T is also preparing a strsaming only service, branded DirectTV Now, which will cost $35 a month - although it has not been revealed which channels are included.  'We're building a service that offers subscribers the most sought-after programming on television -- and channels from 21st Century Fox and The Walt Disney Company are essential to that mix,' said Mike Hopkins, CEO of Hulu. 'With these two new deals in place, and additional partners to come, Hulu will soon give TV fans of all ages live and on-demand access to their favorite programs in a whole new, more flexible, highly personalized way.' The agreements will pack up the line-up with more than 35 top networks. This includes broadcast networks FOX and ABC, Fox Sports networks such as the Fox Sports 1, Fox Sports 2 and BTN and ESPN, ESPN2, ESPNU, ESPN-SEC and ESPN 3. Users will also be able to see live showings of Fox Regional Sports Networks across dozens of key national markets; Disney Channel, Disney XD and Disney Junior; Fox News and Fox Business; Freeform; FX, FXX and FXM, and National Geographic and Nat Geo Wild. In August, Hulu dropped its free TV episodes as it worked on an online television service in a bid to overthrow the cable kings, as the average consumer can pay anywhere between $99 to more than $200 a month for traditional cable. RELATED ARTICLES Previous 1 Next Does YOUR baby 'show and share'? Researchers say gesture... The map that shows what the world REALLY looks like:... Say hello to astronauts, avocados and a fox: Apple's iOS... Can your KETTLE take down the internet? How hackers could... Share this article Share 38 shares While Hulu began as a free site, supported by advertising, free video has become increasingly more difficult to find as the firm tries to lure viewers into a subscription — $8 a month for a plan with ads, and $12 without, reports the Associated Press. In recent months, visitors to Hulu.com have been presented with prominent links to subscribe, with links to free video buried in a menu after signing in.  Hulu members will have access to Fox's premier entertainment, news, sports and non-fiction services, as well as Disney's portfolio of networks from Disney/ABC Television Group and ESPN Inc - and can watch shows during live times, instead of the next day Around the same time, the streaming service announced an affiliate agreement with Time Warner Inc. that adds both live and on-demand streaming of Turner's suite of entertainment, sports, news and kid's networks including TNT, TBS, CNN, Cartoon Network, Adult Swim, truTV, Boomerang and Turner Classic Movies. Hulu has more than 12 million subscribers who pay for original shows, the entire current seasons of some network shows and access to Hulu's library on mobile and streaming-TV devices. With its shift to live online TV services next year, the firm will show broadcast and cable channels in real time, without making viewers wait until the next day to watch episodes. WHAT YOU WILL SEE ON HULU The agreements will pack up the line-up with more than 35 top networks. This  includes broadcast networks FOX and ABC, Fox Sports networks such as the Fox Sports 1, Fox Sports 2 and BTN and ESPN, ESPN2, ESPNU, ESPN-SEC and ESPN 3. The deal includes access to live sports events, including Fox Sports networks such as the Fox Sports 1, Fox Sports 2 and BTN and ESPN, ESPN2, ESPNU, ESPN-SEC and ESPN 3. Pictured, Chicago Cubs starting pitcher Jake Arrieta throws during the first inning of Game 2 of the Major League Baseball World Series against the Cleveland Indians. Users will also be able to see live showings of Fox Regional Sports Networks across dozens of key national markets; Disney Channel, Disney XD and Disney Junior; Fox News and Fox Business; Freeform; FX, FXX and FXM, and National Geographic and Nat Geo Wild. These will be added to the platform in early 2017 when Hulu launches its live TV service to compete with cable companies.  This new service will show broadcast and cable channels in real time, without making viewers wait until the next day to watch episodes - and should cost around $40 per package. This service is set to cost just $40 for a package that includes access Hulu's group of live channels. Google is also taking advantage of consumer's need for more cable options, as the tech giant signed a deal with CBS Corp to carry the network on its web TV service and is in talks with 21st Century Fox and Viacom Inc to distribute its channels, three sources told Reuters last week.  The service, which will be part of Google's YouTube Platform, is expected to launch early next year and will include all of CBS' content, including live NFL games, one of the sources said. With its shift to live online TV services next year, the firm will show broadcast and cable channels in real time, without making viewers wait until the next day to watch episodes. This service is set to cost just $40 a month that includes access Hulu's group of live channels Google's 'skinny' bundle will cost $25 to $40 a month, the source said. According to the Wall Street Journal, the service will be called Unplugged.   And said 'Beside CBS, other channels from CBS that will be part of the YouTube offering include Pop and CBS Sports Network. '21st Century Fox channels under discussion include Fox Broadcasting, Fox News, FX, Fox Sports and National Geographic Channel, the people familiar with the matter say, while Disney-owned channels that could be part of the service include ABC, ESPN, Disney Channel and Freeform.' GOOGLE WILL TAKE A STAB AT CABLE COMPANIES NEXT YEAR  Google also recently signed a deal with CBS Corp to carry the network on its web TV service and is in talks with 21st Century Fox and Viacom Inc to distribute its channels, three sources told Reuters last week. The service, which will be part of Google's YouTube Platform, is expected to launch early next year and will include all of CBS' content, including live NFL games, one of the sources said. Google's 'skinny' bundle will cost $25 to $40 a month, the source said.  According to the Wall Street Journal, the service will be called Unplugged.  It is unclear which Fox and Viacom networks would be part of the Google service, two of the sources said.  The sources requested anonymity because the discussions are confidential. However, the Wall Street journal said 'Beside CBS, other channels from CBS that will be part of the YouTube offering include Pop and CBS Sports Network.  '21st Century Fox channels under discussion include Fox Broadcasting, Fox News, FX, Fox Sports and National Geographic Channel, the people familiar with the matter say, while Disney-owned channels that could be part of the service include ABC, ESPN, Disney Channel and Freeform.' AT&T is also joining a race with a new streaming service equip with more than 100 popular TV channels that is set to release next month - it will also cost $35 a month. That's far less than the typical big bundle of channels on cable, which a recent survey from Leichtman Research Group says costs about $100, on average. But it's comparable to the price of Dish Network's Sling TV streaming service, which, granted, has fewer channels at that price.  Share or comment on this article e-mail 38 shares Most watched News videos SNL mocks confident Clinton supporters with Dave Chappelle Dashcam footage captures moment van swerves before crashing Chili's manager snatches veteran's free meal after complaint Mob storm police station and lynch suspected paedophile Moment of impact as earthquake rattles home in Wellington SNL mocks government shutdown with Gravity skit Got any oink-tment?: Excited piglets take a warm bath Adorable boxer dog jumps far better than the John Lewis dog Obama and Trump sit down to discuss the transfer of power Malcolm Turnbull accuses Lisa Wilkinson of 'interrogating' him James Corden sings for the 2016 Sainsbury's Christmas advert Is this the creepy moment the corpse of a girl OPENS her eyes? 'Don't be afraid': Trump looks to reassure divided America... Obama's pointed rebuke to Clinton for election loss as he... PICTURED: The 71 protesters arrested during fourth night of... African-American soldier with his service dog, Barack, has... Christian mom blogger reveals she is dating disgraced soccer... Residents forced to flee huge 'wall of water' after... PIERS MORGAN: And the award for the worst election loser... 'Reality has a way of asserting itself!' Condescending Obama... 'What the f**? Oprah?!' Outraged celebrities turn on Winfrey... Trump says he will 'immediately' deport two to three million... Will Donald Trump live in the White House? The... 'You gotta print a fake birth certificate, put it in an... MOST READ NEWS Previous Next ● ● ● More top stories Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail Download our iPhone app Download our Android app Today's headlines Most Read Will YOU see the supermoon tonight? Interactive map reveals which areas will have the best view The end of silicon? IBM is creating 'carbon chips' that can make computers 1,000 times faster How to stop YOUR email ending up on WikiLeaks: The five steps that can secure your communications The incredible swirls surrounding Saturn's giant hexagonal storm revealed in stunning new Cassini image The 'Stone Age Atlantis': Stunning video reveals the 9,000-year-old settlement found submerged under the sea... iPhone 8 to get a size boost: Radical redesign set to boast new 5 and 5.8inch edge to edge curved screens Silicon Valley issues plea to Donald Trump to support strong encryption and let them hire more foreign... From your travels to your diet, the molecules left on your PHONE could reveal surprising details about your... How AI will take over the world: Researchers reveal the 'four ages of smart software' that will take tech... The AI that could tell you how long your flight is REALLY delayed for The app that lets the colorblind see the world in a new light: Microsoft 'color binoculars' can allow... Would you bring your dead spouse back to life with VR? Researchers say simulations are the 'evolution of... Samsung shifts into car tech to take on Apple and Google with massive $8 billion Harman purchase Can YOU tell which shade is darkest? The quiz that will determine if you really have superior colour vision  The curse of the competitive male: Being flashy helps wins over females - but it can also cause species to... MORE HEADLINES Will YOU see the supermoon tonight? Interactive map reveals which areas will have the best view Adult FriendFinder is hacked AGAIN: Cheats' dirty secrets may be exposed after 412 million user details are leaked Sex with robots will be 'mind blowing': Expert says androids could one day improve your skills in the bedroom U.S. will become a 'rogue country' if Donald Trump dumps Paris climate accord,  former Irish President Mary Robinson warns The incredible swirls surrounding Saturn's giant hexagonal storm revealed in stunning new Cassini image From a face-planting fox to a bear getting bested by a salmon: Winners of the 2016 Comedy Wildlife Photography Awards revealed Have dead POLAR BEARS washed up in Scotland? Three mystery white carcasses are spotted by islanders The running shoes for HORSES: Clip-on plastic covers could make for happier hooves Can the OnePlus 3T compete with the iPhone 7? Company's most powerful handset yet may be released tomorrow How we spot snakes quickest: Humans are 'wired' to recognise the reptiles over less dangerous animals The end of silicon? IBM is creating 'carbon chips' that can make computers 1,000 times faster The curse of the competitive male: Being flashy helps wins over females - but it can also cause species to become EXTINCT Soaring hospital admissions, mass insomnia, pets going wild - as tonight sees the biggest moon for 70 years... Is this proof a full moon drives you loony?  This year may be the HOTTEST on record: El Niño and emissions are blamed for sweltering temperatures  The 'Stone Age Atlantis': Stunning video reveals the 9,000-year-old settlement found submerged under the sea off Sweden MOST READ IN DETAIL     Femail Today Married! Bachelor vet Bob Guiney weds for the THIRD time... 13 years after first appearing on dating show where he competed for Trista Sutter's heart 'They eat and stargaze': Sean Penn gripes about celebs who attend his foundation's annual gala... but don't donate a cent Actor's not happy She looks to be doing just fine! Kim Kardashian's friend shares rare photo of reality star recluse as she dresses up in belly dancer costume for fun She's proud of that booty! Khloe Kardashian flaunts her derriere as she does squats at the gym Enjoying working her glutes PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Tom Hiddleston steps out with a pretty blonde Taylor Swift lookalike... two months after split with pop star Flashed a beaming grin From peacoats to parkas, the outerwear fashions you will see everywhere this winter - and where you can find them Sponsored Playboy model, 26, who appeared in Justin Bieber video boasts of her incredible $1million wedding to 63-year-old Egyptian multi-millionaire  Chest saying! Ariel Winter makes cleavage focus of her look during Glamour Women Of The Year Summit where she admits she has 'no filter' Modern Family actress  Bikini babe! Hailey Baldwin reminds everyone why she's a top model as she flaunts her toned body during Caribbean holiday Shared a sexy snap  Jessica Simpson's father Joe, 58, confirms he has prostate cancer and has already undergone surgery 'He's feeling great now,' said a family source Kourtney Kardashian returns home to a warm welcome from mom Kris Jenner...following her Mexican vacation with Scott Disick Sunshine break  'Women are scared a predator will soon be residing in the White House': Lena Dunham talks Donald Trump win at Glamour's Summit Shared her thoughts The People v OJ Simpson leads the way with six Critics' Choice Awards nominations... as Game Of Thrones gets five Television showdown Respected PBS NewsHour anchor Gwen Ifill dies aged 61 after a short, private battle with cancer She was surrounded by her family A legend returns! Hayao Miyazaki, 75, the filmmaker behind Spirited Away reveals he will come out of retirement to make one final film 'Let's keep fighting to make it a better world for our children': Katie Holmes shares rare photo of daughter Suri with powerful message Post Trump's win  The day I gave Diana the crop and styled Cindy Crawford's locks with Coca-Cola: The hair raising confessions of a celebrity crimper Stylist Sam McKnight  'It was very romantic': Goldie Hawn gets VERY candid about her and Kurt Russell's sex life and discusses split with ex husband Bill Hudson Dished on shared night EXCLUSIVE: How Andy Cohen refused invitation into Cher's bedroom, fueled feud between Mariah Carey and Jennifer Lopez and was flashed by a RH star Mad Men vet Christina Hendricks, 41, looks youthful in grey pantsuit during Bad Santa 2 panel in NYC Had everything clicking at the promotional event Brazilian bombshell! Adriana Lima flaunts her shapely derriere and rock hard abs for sportswear photo shoot Victoria's Secret Angel supermodel wowed 'My first pair of designer shoes cost more than my rent!': Anna Kendrick dishes on early fame as she plugs Scrappy Little Nobody book on Today Walking on sunshine! Ivanka Trump is all smiles as she leaves her apartment hand-in-hand with Jared - before taking on the mannequin challenge  Young And The Restless star Corey Sligh, 28, is arrested for 'molesting a girl under the age of 10' in Georgia She was allegedly abused for months Russia's Pussy Riot issues stark warning about Trump's presidency in shocking 'Make America Great Again' video predicting what the future holds Emma Watson stars as Belle in the first trailer for Disney's long-awaited live action remake of Beauty And The Beast Looks like a princess Girl time! Bella Thorne and Demi Lovato don skinny jeans as they catch up over lunch at the trendy Urth Caffe Chatting about their new romances? How Donald Trump and ex Marla Maples' lavish 1993 Tiffany & Co wedding registry listed everything from a $530 crystal 'sail' sculpture to a $1,250 BOWL 'Being right sucks': The Simpsons poke fun at themselves in opening credits of first episode since Trump's election after predicting his presidency 16 years ago Rogue One: A Star Wars Story shares new IMAX poster as well as 'Call sign' clip one month before film's release The new movie is much anticipated  Wish you were here? Final plans for Leonardo DiCaprio's ultra-luxury private eco resort on 104-acre island off Belize are released  Pet project 'I had a bit of a nervous breakdown' Ryan Reynolds admits secret battle with anxiety as he's named GQ's Man of the Year Married to Blake Lively Christian mom blogger reveals she is dating disgraced soccer star Abby Wambach in her latest confessional post sharing sweet selfie of them together 'It's awkward!' Marion Cotillard reveals what's it was like filming sex scenes with Brad Pitt for WWII film Allied Dished about 'making love' onscreen 'I lost Jack': Natalie Portman is a heartbroken First Lady after JFK's assassination in emotionally charged trailer for Jackie Secrets of an A-list body: We reveal how YOU can get Mark Wahlberg's pecs The 45-year-old actor is renowned for his toned pecs Waiting on mom! Jennifer Garner grabs breakfast while Ben Affleck and son Samuel goof around in their car Amicable exes appeared to be relaxed and happy Post election blues: Alec Baldwin looks depressed as he strolls with family... before accusing NBC of not allowing SNL to endorse Hillary Clinton Woman, 23, who gorged on TWO dinners a night and tipped the scales at 400lbs becomes an Instagram star after losing almost half her body weight Behati Prinsloo shares beach picture with Adam Levine and baby Dusty Wanted the world to know there are no problems in her family Back to her Mean Girls roots! Lindsay Lohan shows off new red locks reminiscent of her infamous movie character in cosy Instagram selfie Shine on! As celebs like Kylie Jenner and Hailey Baldwin step out in satin fashions, FEMAIL rounds up high gloss garments that will get you noticed 'Fame is the best drug': Lady Gaga opens up about her addiction to stardom as she covers Harper's Bazaar Penned an open essay to the publication John Oliver goes on epic anti-Trump rant on his final show of the year, calling the president elect an 'abnormal pathological liar' James Packer's ex-fiancée Kate Fischer shares cryptic message alongside a throwback photo of the former couple Ariel Winter posts a VERY cheeky Instagram snap from her Mexican holiday with Levi Meaden and pals Certainly knows how to make a splash 'It's like we get a little bit of dad back': Bindi Irwin says she remembers her dad the best every time she puts on her Australia Zoo uniform Natalie Portman flatters her pregnant figure in a striped T-shirt as she runs errands Monday was a regular errand-running day for the A-lister Jailed Apollo Nida set to return to Real Housewives Of Atlanta with his new FIANCEE (but what will Phaedra Parks say?) He's serving eight years Time to eat some Indian food? Pregnant Laura Csortan is WELL past her due date as she displays her baby bump in bikini snap Australian model  It's only three weeks old! Amber Rose can't hide her horror as her brand new $371,000 Rolls-Royce gets rear-ended Not a great start... Life's a beach! Liam Hemsworth dons a wet-suit as he enjoys surf session in Malibu after fiancée Miley Cyrus finally confirmed their engagement Meghan McCain named permanent co-host of Fox News's Outnumbered, three months after ousted Andrea Tantaros filed lawsuit against network Dapper Brad Pitt takes selfies with adoring fans at Allied screening in China... as he returns to the public eye after split with Angelina Jolie Looked in good spirits Showdown! Exes Justin Bieber and Selena Gomez will compete for Artist Of The Year at the American Music Awards Nominees named Demure Dita! Burlesque extraordinaire Von Teese steps out in modest black polo neck and ornate silver skirt for evening in London She needs a nap! Pregnant Marion Cotillard looks weary during LA dinner after tirelessly promoting Brad Pitt WWII film Allied Busy mom-to-be Take that! Bella Hadid throws a punch as she works out in boxing class after split from The Weeknd Great way to bust any stress 'It's awesome!' Hailee Steinfeld opens up about being part of Taylor Swift's squad as she flashes her bra for magazine cover Showcased edgy side 'It's really awkward': Girl On The Train star Haley Bennett talks about being constantly mistaken for Jennifer Lawrence Celebrity lookalikes He's an icon too! Duke of Edinburgh, 95, is shown objects from around the world as he opens London's Design Museum The Queen's husband Choosing her prince wasn't ALWAYS so easy! Meghan Markle giggles as she is asked to pick William or Harry in an interview months before royal romance NBC executives refused to let Saturday Night Live endorse Hillary Clinton for president claims Alec Baldwin  Plays Trump on show Not very ladylike! Lady Victoria Hervey, 40, displays more than expected as she flashes perky assets when swimsuit unfastens British aristocrat 'The 80s are back!' Luke Hemsworth channels He-Man for retro birthday bash with brother Liam and Miley Cyrus Celebrating his 36th Twice the star power! Madonna and Zac Efron take selfies together as they watch UFC's Connor McGregor fight Lucky Madonna even got a kiss from Zac! Madonna's age gap... between her face and hand: Wrinkled mitts give away the 58-year-old singer's age as she attends UFC bout in New York  'She's built like a woman': Tommy Hilfiger praises 'smart, funny and humble' Gigi Hadid as he shows off his luxury New York apartment  'We had good gossip': Courtney Love reveals unlikely friendship with Hillary Clinton... after meeting in 1998 as they got their hair cut at same salon Real men wear pink! Brooklyn Beckham follows in Victoria's footsteps as he makes a fashion statement with pink beanie hat while out for lunch with friends She's a peach! Adriana Lima flaunts her lean bronzed limbs in pretty floral mini dress as she shops in Miami  Victoria's Secret Angel looked catwalk ready Naomi Campbell speaks about what it means to be black and British and joins other stars who were told to limit their ambitions due to their skin color PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Hilary Duff shows off her fit figure in a skimpy bikini while on holiday with boyfriend Jason Walsh in Puerto Vallarta  Vacation heating up  Coy Khloe Kardashian attempts to go incognito in huge hoodie as she steps out in wake of Tristan Thompson split rumours  Hid most of her face Did Kendall Jenner quit Instagram? Model's account no longer available after ballerina outrage Message on page said it 'isn't available' LeAnn Rimes holds hands with husband Eddie Cibrian as they reunite with his ex-wife Brandi Glanville at son's soccer match Held on to him firmly Ryan Lochte's fiancée Kayla Rae Reid reveals she posed as Playboy's Miss July 2015 with a botched breast augmentation 'Were just too big'  'He's such a good man': Marion Cotillard gushes about Allied co-star Brad Pitt... after shooting down rumours of an on set romance Said he was 'amazing' 'There's so much I wish I could thank him for, just one last time': Leonard Cohen's son Adam writes emotional tribute to his father following his death at 82 'You cannot be erotic': Showgirls director Paul Verhoeven says there is not enough sex onscreen in Hollywood He blamed the lucrative PG-13 market SPOILER ALERT: Rick Grimes makes explosive revelation about his 'daughter' Judith on The Walking Dead He is everyone's favorite post-apocalypse dad  First full Ghost in the Shell trailer drops... as Scarlett Johansson admits 'nude' suit was easier than Black Widow costume Film is set in 2070 Booty-ful day at the beach! Larsa Pippen, 42, shows off her fit figure in plunging white swimsuit while sunbathing in Miami after split from Scottie PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Hilary buff! Ms Duff puts her sculpted physique on display in a studded bikini during Mexican holiday Fun in the sun 'I gave up my career for a really long time': Ayda Field admits she TURNED DOWN a major US TV show to be with British pop star husband Robbie Williams Back in business! Queen Letizia of Spain showcases her slender frame in a charcoal suit at a Madrid conference Harked back to her days as a news reader 'You could bleed to death': Kris Jenner warns Kim Kardashian about seeking third natural pregnancy on KUWTK Stark warning 'Wolf with rabies': Teresa Giudice continues taunting Jacqueline Laurita as fiery RHONJ reunion concludes Can't stay friends Reunited and it feels so good! Jennifer Garner flashes her lithe legs in a chic LBD as she enjoys night out with former Alias co-star Victor Garber Feeding the flock! Jennifer Garner and estranged husband Ben Affleck provide snacks for family church as they bring their children to Sunday service 'I thought my life would be normal': Hollywood megastar Goldie Hawn says she only ever wanted to get married, have children and run a dance school  Chic Julia Roberts is every inch the stylish soccer mom in low-key skinny jeans and a hat as she cheers on her kids Low-key superstar  'I'm fed up and shutting this down!' Gabby Douglas puts her foot down over cruel online trolls, vowing to block anyone who 'can't be nice' in furious post 'My sunshine, you're amazing': Bindi Irwin shares heartfelt tribute to her American boyfriend Chandler Powell on his 20th birthday  Khloe Kardashian posts cryptic Instagram message amid speculation she's split with new beau Tristan Thompson Is it over already? 'Erica is really excited': James Packer's ex wife said to be looking forward to spending the summer in Sydney with Seal and their SIX children  Iman takes incognito ride on NYC subway... days after the release of David Bowie's posthumous album Hid beneath wig and sunglasses Sparkling in sequins! Zelda Williams shimmers in gold and black dress with thigh high boots for LA fashion show The 27-year-old wowed Ultimate flashing champion! Newly-single Bella Hadid shows off her bra in sheer top as she goes hell for leather on way to Conor McGregor fight Lindsay Lohan at the centre of a battery case as 'two Russians assault a man accused of spreading rumours about her' More drama 'I'm going to be a daughter': Ivanka Trump denies she will be part of her father's administration in first televised interview since election victory  'Sometimes he listens, sometimes he doesn't': Melania says she tells Donald when he overdoes it on Twitter but ultimately 'he will do what he wants' Chrissy Teigen oozes retro glamour in a super-plunging Seventies-style jumpsuit as Fergie goes for a sheer mini at intimate fashion dinner Ashley Graham shows off her fabulous curves in a fitted black cold-shoulder dress as she attends star-studded fashion bash Megyn Kelly opens up to Dr Phil about the 'sexual harassment' she suffered at hands of Roger Ailes and how Trump once 'screamed' at her  Mums unite! Jennifer Garner and Rachel Zoe bring their children to a star-studded outdoor Malibu party Sunday afternoons are meant for partying  Hailey Baldwin flaunts her bikini body in a swimsuit before planting a kiss on her female friend Daughter of Stephen Baldwin PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Kate Upton and fiancé Justin Verlander put on a tactile display on romantic Italian vacation SI Swimsuit model kept close  PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Kourtney Kardashian flaunts fabulous figure in skimpy bikini on romantic getaway in Mexico with on/off beau Scott Disick She's ripped! Former model and author Kelly Bensimon, 48,  wears torn blue jeans while out with teenage daughter Thadeus in New York City Billy Bob Thornton smokes a cigarette as he touches down in LA after saying ex-wife Angelina Jolie 'seems OK' following Brad Pitt split Nicole Kidman reunites with To Die For co-star Casey Affleck for Variety's Actors on Actors taping Reunion 21 years after film was released  In a Potter bother! Fantastic Beasts star Eddie Redmayne reveals he got grilled over wand after trying to smuggle it through customs Stunning at 70! Goldie Hawn cuts a fabulous figure in silk dress as she makes an appearance ahead of her comedy show in Australia 'FIRST look': Ruby Rose posts teaser of The Veronicas' new single On Your Side... which details her love story with singer Jess Origliasso  Lea Michele shimmers in strapless dress as Kristen Bell goes sheer daring in lacy top for Christmas event in LA Attended The Grove Christmas event Nikki Reed stuns in white off-the-shoulder patterned top as she attends  American Civil Liberties Union dinner in Beverly Hills  Looked gorgeous  'You started it': Kenya Moore and Shereé Whitfield hurl nasty insults over home renovations on Real Housewives of Atlanta  Feisty friction  More Fergalicious than ever! Fergie's got legs for days in behind-the-scenes footage from new video Life Goes On  Black Eyed Peas beauty posted racy clip  Jamie Foxx has fun on set with Robert Downey Jr and Jeremy Piven as they film All-Star Weekend Revolves around two tow-truck drivers No comment! Kanye West refuses to confirm if he still plans to run for President in 2020  Ignored questions regarding his plans to run for president Mother-of-two Jessica Alba, 35, goes casual chic as she takes her two daughters Honor, eight, and Haven, five, to the Beverly Hills Farmers' Market 'She's seems okay': Billy Bob Thornton smokes a cigarette after talking about ex-wife Angelina Jolie following Brad Pitt split Spoke out Elizabeth Hurley wows in a plunging black dress as she's joined by her very dapper son Damian, 14, for a night at the Evening Standard Theatre Awards  Getting the after-party started! Dita Von Teese, Dominic Cooper and Ophelia Lovibond let loose as they get their groove on at UK theater awards Happiest place! Ashlee Simpson and hubby Evan Ross enjoy family bonding day with kids at Disneyland Knows how to have family fun Lily James is spring chic in yellow dress and denim jacket as she is seen for first time on set of Baby Driver Fans of Edgar Wright can rest assured Unhappy birthday to you! Glum Hillary Clinton supporter  Anne Hathaway is a lady in red as she heads out for fancy celebratory dinner in New York Animal attraction! Make-up free Heidi Klum, 43, gets wild with leopard print at a celeb-studded fundraiser in Los Angeles Kept it casual  Puppy love! Sofia Richie, 18, shows taut tummy as pal Cameron Dallas carries cute canine at West Hollywood store Puppy love  Kate Beckinsale shows off her slim figure in tight top as she attends AFI FEST in Los Angeles Arrived at the Roosevelt Hotel 'You had me at bonjour': Make-up free Rebecca Gayheart, 45, shows off her clear complexion as she dons cheeky T-shirt at charity event She's got some front! Rebecca Hall looks radiant in low-cut patterned dress at AFI Fest in Los Angeles The Christine star wore an eccentric outfit  Pregnant Katherine Heigl, 37, dresses her baby bump with loose fitting tank top at flea market with husband Josh Kelley in Pasadena, California  Back to her pre-baby best! Kim Kardashian recycles 2009 Princess Jasmine costume for fun with North Body is back in pre-baby shape She's a real page turner! Emma Roberts goes make-up free as she peruses a newsstand in LA Loked comfortable and stylish 'You always inspire': Sylvester Stallone presents Jackie Chan with honourary Oscar... as Arnold Schwarzenegger also pays tribute 'Fight like a Brenda:' Beverly Hills, 90210 cast honor absent Shannen Doherty at reunion event amid her breast cancer battle Touching gesture  Sharp-suited Tom Hiddleston arrives at Evening Standard Theatre Awards in good spirits... amid claims Taylor Swift will sing about their breakup Australian model Pia Miller flaunts her ample cleavage in a low-cut swimsuit as she spends the weekend by the water with beau Tyson Mullane The Duchess of Cambridge looks chic in a DVF coat as she joins Camilla and Sophie Wessex at the Cenotaph on Remembrance Sunday Bea parties as the royals remember: Princess hits the town at a private members' club as the Queen and other royals attend Remembrance service  Nikki Reed looks radiant in floral patterned frock as she cuddles up to Ian Somerhalder at Unlikely Heroes event in Dallas Was a hostess at event Sophie's tears as the nation stops to remember: ROBERT HARDMAN witnesses poignant scenes as the Queen leads the commemoration A man cave for her Tyga? Kylie Jenner stocks a special room with Playboy magazine for 'the boys' at her Hidden Hills mansion Saucy collection  What a whirl-wand trip! Eddie Redmayne looks exhausted as he lands in London in time for the UK premiere of Fantastic Beasts after debuting movie in New York Pucker up! Jesse Metcalfe and fiancee Cara Santana pack on the PDA at their engagement party The pair have been dating for eight years  Margo Stilley flashes her bra and hot pants in raunchy sheer dress as she makes rare red carpet appearance at Evening Standard Theatre Awards SNL mocks overconfident white Hillary Clinton voters in election night sketch Dave Chappelle was joined by Chris Rock for very on the nose sketch  Swift beatz? Pop princess Taylor calls on rumored rapper flame Drake 'to help give her music a hip-hop vibe' Has approached the 30-year-old rapper PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Megan Fox and Brian Austin Green take baby Journey and his older brothers on family outing Relaxed stroll  Prince's estate 'rejects Jay Z's $40million offer toward late icon's unreleased work' They didn't want 'Roc Nation to exploit any of the intellectual property  Miranda Kerr is the belle of the ball in an exquisite gold gown as she cosies up to sharp-suited fiancé Evan Spiegel at glittering Baby2Baby Gala Surely this confirms it! Demi Lovato holds hands with rumoured MMA fighter beau Luke Rockhold as they arrive to UFC 205 in New York Worst kept couple secret Silicon Valley stars tweet about narrowly avoiding fight with two aggressive Trump voters who confronted them in an LA bar after trolling them online  Doctor Strange smashes U.S. box office records for a second weekend to hit $153m Big-budget blockbuster raked in $43 million over the U.S. Veteran's Day  From Hollywood to Hollyoaks! Dallas star Linda Gray, 76, brings the glam to Chester in first look at her cameo in the popular British  soap  From Donald Trump to Kanye West: Rise of 'manterrupters' sees men talking over women in the workplace... so just how do you stop it? Newest office scourge  Marion Cotillard admits she struggles to balance her professional and personal life... after shooting down onset romance rumours with Brad Pitt 'I eat pasta a lot!' Amy Schumer posts selfies showing her curves in skintight mini dress as she recovers from illness Flaunted her figure  'If you want to win him back, play the game!' James Packer's ex fiancée Kate Fischer vows to help Mariah Carey save her relationship Getting some retail therapy! Julianne Moore and friend Laura Dern browse designer dresses at LA boutique  Still Alice star looked to be in good spirits He's suited for the job! Nate Berkus wears a tuxedo while vacuuming up glass after his daughter 'shattered a coffee table' before heading to gala 'I wish them dead': John Cleese makes a shocking remark about his ex-wives and calls children 'the cause of most of the misery in the world' 'Loved it!' Kelly Clarkson takes baby Remington and daughter River to Disney World Took her two-year-old daughter and seven-month-old son  Hollywood power couple Jennifer Aniston and Justin Theroux go unnoticed in Germany... after saying he makes her feel 'completely adored' 'Insanely excited!' Mia Tyler announces she's expecting her first child by sharing picture of her bump This will be the first child for the 37-year-old artist 'I don't want to say!' Kris Jenner cries as her mother MJ asks her biggest fear in Keeping Up With The Kardashians Emotional moment  'No one wants to see a bride with rolls': Women reveal the most INSULTING things people ever said to them while they tried on wedding dresses Ruby Rose and The Veronicas' Jessica Origliasso cuddle up to one another in BED while dressed in lace lingerie... days after saying they are an item In the pink! Nicole Scherzinger flaunts svelte frame in striped co-ord as she leaves the British X Factor relieved after act Ryan Lawrie survives deadlock Queen star Brian May can't stand noisy leaf-blowers - but hideous rock music is far worse, writes DOMINIC LAWSON  Lesser of two evils? 'We never asked to be role models': Perrie Edwards says she feels 'pressure' to act responsibly as she joins Little Mix co-stars for sizzling photo shoot Courteney Cox bonds with her mini-me daughter Coco Arquette, 12, as they enjoy girls' lunch in LA Looked the spitting image of her mother  Pamela Anderson cuts a sophisticated figure as she brings snacks to WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange... after he joked that her vegan treats were 'torture' Operation Save The King, or how three real-life surgeons recreated the day the Palace was turned into an operating theater for Netflix's The Crown Scarlett Johansson shows off stunning curves in lilac cutaway dress at Ghost In The Shell trailer launch in Japan Head-turning number If you wannabe my mother: Ex-Spice Girl Victoria Beckham 'wants manage her son Cruz's pop career' David is worried she is already too busy All-natural beauty! Jenna Dewan is pretty in pink with husband Channing Tatum at Baby2Baby Gala in Los Angeles  The couple looked great  How To Lose A Guy reunion! Kate Hudson shines in gold number as she poses with Matthew McConaughey and wife Camila at Baby2Baby Gala 'That smile ain't nothing but a Dream!': Kris Jenner posts adorable snap of Rob Kardashian cradling his new baby girl She's three days old Kurves ahead! Khloe Kardashian shows off her incredible physique in a burnt orange dress as she heads to stylist Monica Rose's baby shower Larsa Pippen shows off her figure in a lace up bathing suit while poolside with a mystery man in Miami...weeks after split from husband Scottie JK's fantastic new hero is just the magic we need: BRIAN VINER on the latest installment of the Potter franchise  Also has plenty to say about racial prejudice Blue bombshell! Bryce Dallas Howard stuns at star-studded Weinstein Company party featuring Matthew McConaughey Was a showstopper in Los Angeles  Nicole Kidman flashes her cleavage in plunging see-through gown at The Governors Awards... before slipping into classic white high-neck dress for another event 'I haven't seen white people this furious since OJ': Dave Chappelle mocks the hysterical reaction to Trump's win in biting, profanity-laden monologue on SNL  Eye of the tiger, face of an angel: Ageless Madonna, 58, stuns with extremely taut appearance as she leads star-studded UFC fight crowd 'Just a "normal" Saturday night': Aussie hunk Hugh Jackman spotted cosying up with Madonna at UFC title fight in New York  Cosying up at the fight Oh baby! Natalie Portman puts her own chic spin on maternity wear in a stylish silk dress Is expecting her second child What happens in Vegas stays still in Vegas! Britney Spears does the Mannequin Challenge to celebrate Sin City success  Joined the growing craze Parkinson's sufferer Michael J. Fox appears to go Back To The Future with impassioned guitar solo as he leads special gig to support his charity On stage in NYC  Still the Princess of Darkness: X Factor judge Sharon Osbourne, 64, flips the bird as she leaves X Factor post-party looking a little worse for wear Celebrities turn against Oprah after she expresses 'hope' about Trump's presidency Tweeted 'Everybody take a deep breath! Hope lives' Kanye West launches a new 'unpretentious' range of clothes - but a sweater will still set you back $2,199 and a T-shirt $200 Rapper and fashion designer Model Lily Donaldson shows off her cleavage and legs in a daring off-shoulder dress with thigh-high slit... while Elizabeth Hurley goes for similar sexy look  Meet the face (and derriere) of a global bikini business empire - and it all started when she got fired from a surf shop and borrowed money from her dad 'Biggest surprise ever': Pixie Lott reveals she's engaged to long-term love Oliver Cheshire as she shows off dazzling diamond ring on Instagram  Rod Stewart's rarely-seen daughter Ruby follows in her father's footsteps as she opens his tour in Liverpool Apple never falls far  Kendall Jenner's hangout bar, Emma Stone's beloved salon and Jennifer Aniston's hiking spot: How to ditch the tourist traps and explore LA like a local  Showing The Weeknd what he's missing? Newly single Bella Hadid accentuates model frame in skintight leggings... just days after split Purple power! How drinking beetroot juice can make you run faster, help the elderly climb the stairs - and give competitors an advantage in sports Country rock legend Leon Russell dies in his sleep aged 74 months after heart surgery Was in Nashville, Tennessee his wife has revealed The ultimate guide to anti-ageing: From reducing wrinkles, zapping sun damage or toning your skin, you can make it look younger with no nipping From Baywatch to bag watch: Giddy Kelly Rohrbach shops 'til she drops in LA as she strains under a heavy load In Beverly Hills  Nicola Peltz flashes her taut abs in a crop top as she opts for an all-black look in Los Angeles The Transformers actress flashed her body From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more GADGET REVIEWS Google's Daydream: The $79 headset that could bring VR to the masses Google's $79 headset is superb in terms of hardware - but is currently let down by a lack of apps. However, it has absolutely huge potential to finally bring VR to the masses. Welcome Home: Google's $130 smart speaker Google's smart Home speaker still has a lot of learning to do, and loses out to Amazon's Echo in some areas - but has incredible potential 'Not quite an iPhone replacement': Google's Pixel phone Google's Pixel handset is good, and boasts an amazing camera and smart assistant. It's the king of the Android handsets - but still not great. Xbox One S review: Console that will make your 4K TV shine Microsoft's Xbox One S has shrunk the giant console by 40%, and is stunningly designed console with 4K HDR capabilities - but comes with some caveats. The $1,000 wireless speaker that really IS worth the price: Naim Mu-so Qb review Naim's incredible Mu-So Qb takes you back to the good old days - where the music captivates and enthralls, rather that simply being something in the background. The hi-tech $2,000 spin bike that really could change your life Peloton's hi-tech bike lets you stream live and on demand rides to your home - and it's one of the best examples of fitness technology out there - at a price. Apple's new 9.7inch iPad Pro is a powerhouse you can take anywhere Apple has added a few improvements to the smaller version, creating a tablet that is astonishingly powerful, but, unlike its big brother, is something you'll be able to carry everywhere. A familiar old friend that could be the perfect starter phone: Dailymail.com's verdict on the iPhone SE The new iPhone SE has a 4inch screen and familiar design - but has had a huge upgrade on the inside, making this a perfect first time iPhone. Speaker that looks as good as its sounds: B&W Zeppelin Wireless review It's not cheap, but the $699 (£500) Zeppelin Wireless is perfect for the design conscious music fan. The iPad grows up: Apple's iPad Pro The iPad Pro is, for many, a real laptop replacement - and a way to combine work and play in a gadget that will last all day and won't break your back to carry. 'A glimpse into the future of the living room': The new Apple TV Apple says apps are the future of TV, and while its new $149 box does have some issues, its combination of streaming services, games and other apps make it the best way to make your TV smart. The end of wonky wifi: Google's OnHub It's incredibly simple to set up, and we found it tripled the speed of our home wifi connection - but at $199 is expensive.. The best all in one wireless speaker you'll ever hear: Naim Mu-so review It might not be a name familiar to the US market, but Naim is a legendary British brand hoping to make a splash with the American launch of its $1499 Mu:So speaker. From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more Download our iPhone app Download our Android app Next story Obama's pointed rebuke to Clinton for election loss as he tells how HE won by going to 'every fish fry'  812 comments 12 videos SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Find out more... Find out more... Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Syndication Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
You must have javascript enabled to use this site. Please click here to learn how to enable javascript. (877) 303-4529 111 Market Place #720 Baltimore, MD 21202 Contact Us FAQ Whitelist Sitemap Wealth Daily About Editors Videos Archives Reports Resources Contact Us Download your FREE report now: Gold and Silver Mining Stocks 2016: Apple’s (NASDAQ: AAPL) Year of Disappointment Written by Jason Stutman Posted October 30, 2016 With a slew of earnings reports and new product reveals, it’s been an absolutely huge week for the world’s leading tech companies, for better or for worse. After months of anticipation, investors and analysts finally have answers to a number of looming questions surrounding Apple, Tesla, Samsung, and a number of other high-profile technology firms. Frankly, it’s all a bit too much to digest in a single sitting, but there are at least a few things worth addressing before we officially close out the week. As I’d been predicting would happen since late last year, Apple’s iPhone sales continue to falter. For the first time since 2001, the consumer tech giant posted a year-over-year revenue decline, and a significant one at that. All told, sales for the firm were down 7.7% from the same period in 2015... and for a $600 billion firm, that’s beyond significant. At the same time, Samsung’s profits have completely dropped off a cliff, making Apple’s awful year somehow look palatable by comparison. Thanks largely to its exploding Galaxy Note7 fiasco, the firm’s mobile division profits have imploded 96% year over year, while overall operating profit has fallen 30%. For those of you who’ve kept up with our market commentary lately, these numbers should be of little to no surprise. Sure, I’m had my fun with hyperbole, touting my “Death of the iPhone” thesis, but you can’t say it hasn’t been turning out. The handset industry has clearly hit a plateau, both in terms of sales and innovation, and leading firms like Apple are now losing market share to other OEMs that have reached technological parity. Apple’s inability to innovate has slowly but surely caught up to the firm, as I’ve been arguing would inevitably happen as far back as 2013. Not only is the company experiencing underwhelming demand for its monotonous iPhone 7, but competing firms such as Microsoft and Google are compounding the problem, releasing a slew of new and innovative products that paint a dreary future for what was once considered the authoritative avant-garde company of tech. In an ongoing effort to ramp up its hardware division, Microsoft now has a viable answer to the Macbook with its Surface Pro notebook and is showing up the iMac with its wonderfully received Surface Studio PC. I could go on for pages about all the features and specs of these devices, but the headlines alone are telling enough: “Microsoft Surface Studio’s Gains Will Be Apple’s Loss” — Wired “Microsoft Continues Attacks On Apple” — Forbes “Apple should stop selling four-year-old computers” — The Verge At the same time, both Google and Microsoft have officially joined the virtual reality race, while Apple is still nowhere to be seen. Google, with its Daydream headset (compatible with its new Pixel phone), and Microsoft, with a dedicated VR headset revealed this week, are making Apple look infantile by comparison. It’s not just Microsoft and Google that are getting a head start on Apple, though. HP, Dell, Lenovo, Asus, and Acer are all partnering to bring these products to store shelves for as little at $299. Not to mention Facebook and Samsung are betting big on VR, too... Personally, I picked up my Google Pixel earlier this week, with VR being one of two major selling points. I’m waiting on my Daydream headset to ship so we can have some fun with VR at the office next week, and I can already say that the integrated AI (Google Assistant) simply blows Siri out of the water (the aforementioned second major selling point). I can’t remember the last time a smartphone has earned the “oohs” and “ahhs” of friends and colleagues, but the Pixel certainly does the trick. The Best Free Investment You'll Ever Make Stay on top of the hottest investment ideas before they hit Wall Street. Sign up for the Wealth Daily newsletter below. You'll also get our free three part report, "Five Tech Stocks to Buy Now". We never spam! View our Privacy Policy Meanwhile, Apple has been forced to delay its AirPod rollout, though no one seemed to really be excited about those anyway... Jointly, the firm held its latest Macbook reveal on Thursday, which still lags being the Surface Pro in terms of capability, offering no touch display, no detachable tablet, or anything really worth getting excited about, period. Of course, these words probably sound pretty harsh, and I’d certainly be amiss to say that Apple doesn’t still make quality products. I love my Macbook and have for years — but that’s exactly the point. Apple has done nothing in terms of innovation to convince users to upgrade. Microsoft has done plenty to make me consider switching to the Surface Pro when the time comes. Google certainly convinced me to switch over from HTC with its new Pixel phone... In the midst of all this commotion, though, investors don’t stand to make their biggest returns chasing companies like Microsoft or Google as Apple falters. Those may be the firms that make all the headlines on the front pages of Forbes and the Wall Street Journal, but the ships that make the sharpest turns at sea are not the 500,000-ton tankers; they’re the powerboats and dinghies riding in their wake. If you don’t quite catch my drift, I’m referring to the component providers lurking inside — the companies that allow consumer electronics to exist in the first place. Underappreciated by mainstream media, these are the firms you ultimately want to invest in if you’re looking for meaningful growth. Of course, the bulk of investment opportunities in mobile phones has already come and gone. With Apple and Samsung slowing down, there's no longer much of a wake for component providers to ride in anymore. Instead, investors would be wise to start looking elsewhere for growth, particularly into emerging technologies such as driverless cars, the Internet of Things (IoT), and, of course, VR/AR. For our number one pick in the latter, you'll want to hear my iPhone Killer thesis. Until next time,    Jason Stutman  @JasonStutman on Twitter In addition to his work at Wealth Daily, Jason Stutman serves as the Managing Editor for multiple investment advisory newsletters including Technology and Opportunity and The Cutting Edge. Jason has also served as an editor and contributor for popular investment services Energy and Capital and Tech Investing Daily. Jason holds a B.A. in Behavioral Science alongside an M.Ed.,with postgrad coursework in mathematics, technology, and science. The Best Free Investment You'll Ever Make Sign up to receive the Wealth Daily newsletter - it's absolutely free! In each issue, you'll get our best investment research, designed to help you build a lifetime of wealth, minus the risk. Plus, by signing up, you'll instantly receive our new report: Surviving the Coming Economic Collapse. Subscribe Related Articles Why the Apple Car (Project Titan) May Never Come Apple's ability to build autonomous vehicles is questionable at best. For Starters, they have no experience dealing with automobiles whatsoever. The Future of Apple (NASDAQ: AAPL) will Blind You! When it comes to investing in the "Big Picture," Apple (NASDAQ: AAPL) IS the Big Picture. What You Need to Know About Artificial Intelligence Intel (NASDAQ: INTC) continues to shift into artificial intelligence with its new acquisition of Movidius. 3 Virtual Reality Stocks to Buy Today These three blue chip firms are betting big on virtual reality. The Top 5 Dividend Stocks There is just one way to guarantee that you make money with your investments: buy stocks that pay dividends. Briton Ryle shares his top 5 dividend stocks. Comments Buffett's Envy: 50% Annual Returns, Guaranteed Warren Buffett once told investors at an annual shareholder meeting, "...it's a huge structural advantage not to have a lot of money. I think I could make you 50% a year on $1 million. No, I know I could. I guarantee that." Buffett later went on to talk about one incredible advantage that average, smaller investors have over Berkshire. Point blank, The "Oracle of Omaha" envies people like you because you can invest in small cap stocks and he can't. Join our community of over 400,000 readers at Wealth Daily today for FREE, and get started with three of our top small-cap tech stock picks – the kinds of high-return investments Warren Buffet now can only dream of making. Subscribe Learn about Wealth Daily and our Privacy Policy Top Rated 1 What a Trump Presidency Means for the... 2 Trump Stocks 3 Gold Gets Oversold in "Trump Rally" 4 The Pendulum Swings... Slightly Less... 5 A Rigged System on the Verge of Collapse Trending Articles 1 Another Reason Cannabis is a Socially... 2 The Most Profitable Cannabis... 3 Why Mark Zuckerberg is NOT the Next... 4 The Five Best Investing Apps 5 Why You Should Be Buying Bitcoin in 2017 Wealth Daily About Us Editors Videos Archives Reports Investment Resources Contact Us Copyright and Fair Use Contact Us Wealth Daily 111 Market Place #720 Baltimore, MD 21202 Tel: (877) 303-4529 Fax: (410) 814-5959 Search About We've assembled some of the best investment minds the market has to offer. All are experts in various fields. And our record is second to none. The flagship e-Letter of Angel Publishing, Wealth Daily brings you these market insights and commentaries every day directly to your email inbox. Our editors have over a combined 75 years in the investment research sector. © 2016 Wealth Daily. All rights reserved. Report: How to Make Your Fortune in Stocks The REAL secret to consistent, reliable stock market profits is simple: own top quality dividend stocks! We'll show you how to get consistent and reliable income from dividend stocks. Send My FREE Report Now Subscribe
TechnoBuffalo Site Navigation Content All News Reviews Videos Galleries Products Giveaways Sections Menu Left Mobile Tablets Gaming Apps Accessories Computers Gadgets Internet Menu Right Business Cameras Cars Design Home & TV Lifestyle Software Science Series Ask The Buffalo Buffalo Gear Guess the Phone Rettinger’s Riffs Rumor Roundup The TechnoBuffalo Show TechnoBuffalo Plays More The Crew About Us News Tips In the News Work at TechnoBuffalo Advertise With Us Facebook Google+ Instagram Pinterest RSS Tumblr Twitter YouTube Scrolling Enable Endless Scrolling Disable Endless Scrolling Share Tweet +1 Submit Front Page /Mobile/Gallery Mobile First Google Tango phone now available for $499 By Todd Haselton | November 1, 2016 Share Stay Connected with Us! Follow TechnoBuffalo The first smartphone with Google’s Tango technology, the Lenovo Phab 2 Pro, is now officially available to purchase. We first met the Lenovo Phab 2 Pro back in June and walked away rather impressed with Lenovo’s implementation of Google’s augmented reality technology. The Lenovo Phab 2 Pro packs a special sensor that allows you to create a real-time 3D map of the room you’re standing in. There are plenty of use-cases for that. Lenovo believes the Phab 2 Pro will be particularly compelling for interior designers, who can use special software to place digital objects, like couches or other pieces of furniture, in the real world. Using the Phab 2 Pro, the designer can walk around the room and see how the furniture might fit. Seeing that as a real opportunity, Lenovo will sell the Phab 2 Pro in retail outlets that don’t normally sell smartphones, like Lowe’s home improvement stores. First Tango phone has many use cases Augmented reality can offer all sorts of other experiences, including unique games that can take advantage of the environment you’re in. Or, just for kicks, Lenovo showed me one demo where a life-sized dinosaur suddenly appeared in the room. Several titles are already available including Phantogeist, Raise and Woorld. The Phab 2 Pro is true to its name: it packs a large 6.4-inch 1440 x 2560-pixel display. Under the hood, you’ll find a Snapdragon 652 processor, 4GB of RAM, 64GB of storage, a large 4,050mAh battery, 16-megapixel camera and an 8-megapixel front-facing camera. The Phab 2 Pro goes on sale today, and we hope to have more information on it as soon as we get one in the office. Source Lenovo Topics #Lenovo #Lenovo #Lenovo Phab 2 Pro #Phab 2 Pro Todd Haselton Todd Haselton has been writing professionally since 2006 during his undergraduate days at Lehigh University. He started out as an intern with MaximumPC Magazine and has since written for Ars… Read More Our Crew | About Us | Contact Us © 2016 TechnoBuffalo LLC. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy | Terms of Use
E-BUSINESS | TECHNOLOGY | CRM | LINUX | ECTNEWS.COM Welcome Guest | Sign In Security Computing Applications Data Management Hardware Chips Personal Computers Servers Operating Systems Internet Internet of Things Online Entertainment Search Tech Social Networking Web Apps IT Developers IT Leadership Network Management Mobile Tech Mobile Apps Smartphones Tablets Wearable Tech Wireless Networking Reviews Security Cybersecurity Hacking Malware Privacy Technology Audio/Video Emerging Tech Virtual Reality Gaming Home Tech How-To Photography Science Health Space Tech Buzz Tech Law Transportation Tech Blog  Reader Services  Account Management Discussion News Alerts Newsletters Reader Surveys RSS / Headline Feeds Search ECT News Network ECT News Network Map CRM Buyer Site Map E-Commerce Times Site Map LinuxInsider Site Map TechNewsWorld Site Map November 14, 2016 04:21:18 PM PST TechNewsWorld > Security | Microsoft: Google's Policy Endangers Windows Users By John P. Mello Jr. Nov 1, 2016 3:12 PM PT Google on Monday posted to the Internet a previously unpublicized flaw that could pose a security threat to users of the Microsoft Windows operating system. Google notified both Microsoft and Adobe of zero day vulnerabilities in their software on Oct. 21, wrote Neel Mehta and Billy Leonard, members of Google's Threat Analysis Group, in an online post. Google has a policy of making critical vulnerabilities public seven days after it informs a software maker about them. Adobe was able to fix its vulnerability within seven days; Microsoft was not. "This [Windows] vulnerability is particularly serious because we know it is being actively exploited," wrote Mehta and Leonard. However, Google's Chrome browser prevents exploitation of the vulnerability when running in Windows 10, they added. Flaw Not Critical Microsoft challenged Google's analysis of the Windows flaw in a statement provided to TechNewsWorld by spokesperson Charlotte Heesacker. "We disagree with Google's characterization of a local elevation of privilege as 'critical' and 'particularly serious,' since the attack scenario they describe is fully mitigated by the deployment of the Adobe Flash update released last week," Microsoft said. After cracking a system, hackers typically try to elevate their privileges in it to obtain access to increasingly sensitive data. "Additionally, our analysis indicates that this specific attack was never effective against the Windows 10 Anniversary Update due to security enhancements previously implemented," Microsoft noted. The Windows vulnerability Google's team discovered is a local privilege escalation in the Windows kernel that can be used as a security sandbox escape triggered by a win32k.sys call, according to Mehta and Leonard. The sandbox in Google's Chrome browser blocks win32k.sys calls using the Win32k lockdown mitigation on Windows 10, which prevents exploitation of the sandbox escape vulnerability, they explained in their post. Short Deadline Although Google contrasted Adobe's quick action in patching its zero day vulnerability with Microsoft's inaction, the comparison may be less than fair. "The time to patch code in Adobe Reader or Flash versus something that integrates into an operating system is considerably different," said Brian Martin, director of vulnerability intelligence at Risk Based Security. What takes time is not so much changing the code as testing it after it's changed, he explained. "If Microsoft patches code in one version of Windows, it will likely affect several other versions," Martin told TechNewsWorld. "Then they have platform issues -- 32-bit and 64-bit -- and then the different versions -- home, professional, server, whatever," he pointed out. "The amount of time it takes to patch it is one thing," he said. "The amount of time to go through the full QA cycle is another. Seven days is generally considered unrealistic for an operating system." To Disclose or Not The short deadline was necessary because it saw the vulnerability being exploited by hackers, Google's team maintained. That logic, though can be a two-edged sword. "To me, this doesn't ultimately help achieve everyone's goal, which should be keeping consumers and their data safe," said Udi Yavo, CTO of enSilo. "By disclosing a vulnerability early, without allowing time for a patch, Google opened up the small pool of people who found the vulnerability and knew how to exploit it, to all," he told TechNewsWorld. However, keeping the vulnerability under wraps at all is questionable, suggested Jim McGregor, principal analyst at Tirias Research. "Considering how closely the hacker community communicates, seven days may have been too much time," he told TechNewsWorld. "Google was being a friendly corporate citizen by letting Microsoft know about the vulnerability, but in my mind it would have been more appropriate to make it public knowledge once you see it in the wild," McGregor said. "A vulnerability can spread though the hacker community in milliseconds," he remarked. "By not making the vulnerability public, the only people who don't know about it are the people who should know about it." John Mello is a freelance technology writer and contributor to Chief Security Officer magazine. You can connect with him on Google+. Get Permission to License or Reproduce this Article Print Email Reprints More by John P. Mello Jr. Most Popular Newsletters News Alerts What effect will the Trump presidency have on efforts to combat climate change? We'll see grave environmental damage instead of progress. Fear of negative consequences will spur more positive actions. Trump probably will come around to a more moderate position. We won't see much change either way in just four years. Trump will expose the climate change hoax -- and it's about time. Vote to See Results E-Commerce Times BlackBerry to Deliver One Last Keyboard Phone Russia May Kick Out LinkedIn Google Insists Android Plays on Level Field in Europe Twitter Shuffles Deck as COO Bain Steps Down Election Day Cybershenanigans Highlight Need to Shore Up Security Silicon Valley Reels From Trump Shock Commerce Dept Signs Up Private Sector IT Partners Google Cites Amazon Competition in Response to EU CRM Buyer Engagement and Loyalty Salesforce Sets Up Lightning Community to Zap Competition AvePoint CEO TJ Jiang: Innovation Through Collaboration Microsoft Rebrands Many Customers Aren't on Board With Self-Service Trend Should Salesforce Buy NetSuite? The End of Marketing Angry Customers Likely to Ditch Wells Fargo's Wagon LinuxInsider AWS Gives Customers On-Premises Linux Option Ubuntu Releases IoT Core Platform Q4OS+Trinity Gives New Meaning to Lightweight Microsoft Open Sources AI Toolkit Antique Kernel Flaw Opens Door to New Dirty Cow Exploit Linux Foundation Spurs JavaScript Development Red Hat and Ericsson Forge 5G, IoT Open Source Alliance Meet Maui 1, the Slick New Hawaiian Netrunner SPONSOR SHOWCASE Join Tomorrow's Intel Pioneers Introducing the Georgetown University master's in Applied Intelligence. Marketers - Fill Your Sales Funnel Instantly Access millions of IT and business decision makers. Our full-service global marketing program delivers sales-ready leads. Learn more. TechNewsWorld Headlines TechNewsWorld Hype Video Broadcast App Has Niche Potential Why Trump May Be the Better Technology President First Hyperloop Could Blaze a Trail Between Dubai and Abu Dhabi Defeating Malware With Its Own DNA Daydream Believers May Boost VR, Suggest Early Reviews Samsung's Next Galaxy Phone Could Have Siri-Like Smarts Google's Pixel Wins a Place in the Sun Election 2016: Either Way, More Drama Publications E-Commerce Times TechNewsWorld LinuxInsider CRM Buyer Newsletters E-Commerce Minute Tech News Flash ECT News Network Weekly Editor's Pick Subscribe Reader Services Account Management Discussion Linking Policy Network Map News Alerts RSS / XML Feeds Search ECT News Network Company Info About Advertising Business Development Careers Contact Permissions Reprint Information Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | How To Advertise Copyright 1998-2016 ECT News Network, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
PRLog XHome Login Latest News News By Location News By Industry News By Topic News By Date Business Profiles Pressrooms Get Feeds Get Alerted For Bloggers PRNewswire Distribution Search Blackbox Connect powered by Google for Entrepreneurs Announces its Fall Class of Born-Global Startu blackbox-logo2-small-10584   Spread the Word: News By Tag: * Startup * Entrepreneur * Accelerator By Industry: * TechnologyPALO ALTO, Calif. - Nov. 1, 2016 - PRLog -- Today, on their 5th anniversary, Blackbox Connect is announcing the participants of the 17th edition of the Silicon Valley based program dedicated to leveling the playing field for born-global startups. This immersion program for founders based outside the US will bring sixteen exceptional startups from thirteen countries to Silicon Valley. All the startups are members of the Google for Entrepreneurs global partner network. The full list of founders and their companies are available on the Blackbox website: blackbox.vc. The residential program will be held at the old Archbishop's Mansion in San Francisco from November 7-18, 2015. These entrepreneurs are coming to Silicon Valley from every corner of the world: Australia, Brazil, Canada, China, Ireland, Netherlands, Pakistan, Palestine, Poland, South Korea, Spain, Uganda, and United Kingdom from entrepreneurial organizations such as Amsterdam's TQ or Shanghai's People Squared. Blackbox Connect 17 (BBC#17) culminates in a Startup Showcase on November 18th. The founders will present their startups in front of a select audience of investors, entrepreneurs, and industry leading executives. Interested parties can sign up for the Blackbox Connect newsletter to receive more news about upcoming events. To date, 270 startups from 63 countries have participated in the residential program for international entrepreneurs based outside Silicon Valley. Many have become leaders their local startup communities. Within three to nine months after the program, over 60% went on to raise funding and more than 90% of Blackboxers continue to grow their businesses. There have been nine exits to fuel the growth of global seed venture. Ethnic and cultural diversity are inherent to Blackbox Connect having received over 4,000applications from 108 countries. As a proud supporter of tech equity, Blackbox is happy to report that 38% of Blackbox startups have at least one female co-founder. "​Blackbox Connect is an invaluable program for startups looking to access the best Silicon Valley has to offer, while providing them with the tools and connections necessary to build global companies from day one.  We're thrilled to partner with Blackbox on the 17th cohort, and support this truly global talent pool from across the Google for Entrepreneurs partner network​" says Mary Grove, Director of Google for Entrepreneurs. "We've come a long way from our days as a startup ourselves, growing our mission of supporting entrepreneurs grow their born-global startups." said Fadi Bishara, Blackbox Founder and CEO. He added, "We're grateful for partners like Google for Entrepreneurs who have been a key part of our growth. Together with their global network of entrepreneurial communities, we've aligned support for startups who are fueling economic growth in more countries around the world." About Blackbox Connect Blackbox Connect empowers born-global entrepreneurs to become stronger leaders in their companies and local startup communities. For two weeks, we bring international founders to Silicon Valley to stretch their minds, focus their ambition, and hone their craft of entrepreneurship.  To learn about Blackbox Connect, visit http://blackbox.vc and for info about the upcoming Startup Showcase and other updates subscribe to our newsletter or follow us on facebook (fb.com/blackboxvc), G+ (+BlackboxVC) and Twitter (@blackboxVC). About Google for Entrepreneurs Google for Entrepreneurs provides financial support and the best of Google's resources to dozens of co-working spaces and community programs across 125 countries. We also create Campuses: physical hubs where entrepreneurs can learn, connect, and build companies that will change the world. To learn more about Google for Entrepreneurs, visit google.com/entrepreneurs or follow us on G+ (+GoogleForEntrepreneurs), Twitter (@GoogleForEntrep) and Facebook (fb.com/GoogleForEntrepreneurs). End Source : Blackbox Connect Email : ***@blackbox.vc Listed Under- Tags : Startup, Entrepreneur, Accelerator Industry : Technology Location : Palo Alto - California - United States A/C Phone Vfyd: Disclaimer   Report Abuse Blackbox PRs Global Accelerator Announces First International Hub: Blackbox Connect China Trending News Scienaptic: A new age analytics platform backed by Pramod Bhasin John Deere Gearation Board Selected As Top Educational Toy of 2016 In The Goddard School's Toy Test MUTI/Sabre Industries Reaffirms Support for Apprenticeships during 2nd National Apprenticeship Week Wisco Hotel Group hires Regional Vice President for Milwuakee Area Toast To 2017 In High Style At The Hilton Chicago's New Year's Eve Soiree Top Daily News Scienaptic: A new age analytics platform backed by Pramod Bhasin - 470 views John Deere Gearation Board Selected As Top Educational Toy of 2016 In The Goddard School's Toy Test - 188 views Energy Pro Damali Rhett to Lead The Energy Co-op - 149 views Westmount Realty Capital Hires Kristie McBee as Senior Director-Asset Management - 131 views The Chemical Company Announces Product Expansion with INVISTA's Adi-pure® Adipic Acid - 126 views Top Weekly News President-elect Donald Trump Recognizes Homeschool Movement - 56024 views Detroit actor relishes role, respects his character in 'Wild Faith' - 3692 views Security First International Holdings, Inc. Signs Letter of Intent to Acquire 49% of Gentec LLC - 1433 views Dog Behavior Seminar at Laughing Dog Inn, Inc - 957 views MooreCo Inc Completes the Acquisition of VanerumStelter LLC - 617 views PTC News Security First International Holdings, Inc. Signs Letter of Intent to Acquire 49% of Gentec LLC - 1433 views Say YES to Year End Savings on Quick Move-In Lennar Homes Across Colorado - 285 views New Models Open at D'Andrea Tomorrow - 181 views PM&E Inc. Is Pleased To Announce a Purchase Order for an EVADA A4 Ambulance - 158 views Dexter Cast to Make First Ever Appearance Together At Wizard World Comic Con Cleveland, St. Louis - 123 views Mobile | Home | Latest Press Releases | Get Feeds | Get Alerted | For Bloggers | PR Newswire Distribution | Privacy | TOS | Contact | Copyright | About
Newsroom Advertise News Alerts Weather School Closings (WJAC) My Account Search for: Select Home News Local News Top Stories National News International News Opinions Features Business News Election Marcellus Shale Health News Partner News Sports Local Sports National Sports PSU Sports News Spikes Obituaries Crime A & E Events Taste of Home Contest Classifieds Shop Weekly Circulars Grocery Coupons Gift Cards & More Half Off Deals Celebrations Celebrations Submission Clearfield-Lawrence Consolidation Home / News / Business News / Microsoft: Windows bug exploited by hackers tied to Russia Microsoft: Windows bug exploited by hackers tied to Russia Posted on Tuesday, November 1, 2016 by CNN in Business News Microsoft has confirmed some Windows users were under attack earlier this month by a specialized hacking group. The group, which was previously tied to Russia’s best intelligence agency by other cybersecurity firms, were exploiting a bug recently discovered by Google, Microsoft said. Google revealed on Monday a critical bug in Microsoft Windows software that could give hackers full control of your computer. Microsoft has since announced plans to release a fix on Tuesday, November 8. Google’s security team said it first discovered “zero day” bugs in Adobe and Microsoft software on October 21. “Zero day” is the term for unique, never-before-seen vulnerabilities that are dangerous because they’re live. Adobe addressed the bug with an update to its Adobe Flash Player on October 26, five days after it was first notified by Google. Microsoft, however, had yet to issue a fix, so Google went public with the bug on Monday. Microsoft contested the seriousness of the bug on Tuesday morning, saying Adobe’s fix is sufficient. “We disagree with Google’s characterization … as ‘critical’ and ‘particularly serious,’ since the attack scenario they describe is fully mitigated by the deployment of the Adobe Flash update released last week,” according to a Microsoft statement sent to CNNMoney. But some experts believe the bug could still be exploited while users wait for a Microsoft update. “The bug could be used as part of a larger attack to take control of the entire system,” security researcher Katie Moussouris, CEO of Luta Security, told CNNMoney. Microsoft has criticized Google’s public reporting of the bug. “Google’s decision to disclose these vulnerabilities before patches are broadly available and tested is disappointing, and puts customers at increased risk,” reads a blog post from Terry Myerson, EVP of Microsoft’s Windows and Devices Group. Google’s security team is set up to search for exploits quietly lurking on the internet. It typically recommends companies fix security issues within 60 days, but in 2013, it announced a more aggressive, expedited disclosure policy for urgent requests. That gave Microsoft just seven days to come up with a fix. Microsoft said the bug was never effective in its Windows 10 Anniversary Update, which launched in August, due to security enhancements. The company unveiled its next-generation Windows software, called Windows 10 Creator Update, less than a week ago. For now, Microsoft users should ensure auto updates are turned on for Flash, Windows and Antivirus software. It’s also recommended to run Google’s Chrome browser, which prevents the bug from being exploited, according to Moussouris. Tesla fights to make Solar City merger a reality How Donald Trump changed political journalism Related Posts Government accuses Chrysler of foot-dragging on recalls Jake Peavy and Mark Sanchez ripped off in $33 million scheme Bill O’Reilly ‘surprised’ by attack on his credibility Asian markets sink and pound tumbles over Brexit fallout Leave a Reply Cancel reply You must be logged in to post a comment. Jobs from Indeed What: Where: jobs by gantdaily.com © 2014 GantDaily.com. All rights reserved. About | Contact | Privacy Policy | Terms & Cond Top
Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn Instagram YouTube RSS Skip to content SEO News Content Marketing Social Media Paid Search Work Life Events Advertise Significant Change to SERPs: Google Extends Length of Titles and Descriptions News May 12, 2016 News Matt SouthernMay 12, 2016 SEJ STAFF 9.0KSHARES 48.2KREADS 9.0KSHARES 48.2KREADS SEJ STAFFMatt Southern 9.0KSHARES 48.2KREADS Google has made a significant change to its search results pages by extending the length of titles and descriptions. This was first spotted by Ross Hudgens on Twitter, and later reported on by Jennifer Slegg at The SEM Post. Long title tags being tested again in the SERPs. Seeing 69 and 70 character results today. pic.twitter.com/esiKTctV96 — Ross Hudgens (@RossHudgens) May 6, 2016 Here’s What Has Changed Title tags have been increased to 70–71 characters, which is up from its previous 50–60 characters. That’s at least enough to fit in another word or two. Meta descriptions have been increased by 100 characters per line, and extended from two to three lines. That’s a significant increase, and presents far more of an opportunity to tell searchers what the page is about. Slegg reports that Google is still truncating the descriptions to two lines for many search results still, so you may still see them coming in at around 160 characters at times. When a three line snipped is displayed they come in at 278 characters per line. It’s important to note that this may be a test which Google could reverse at any time. By the company’s own admission, it is always A/B testing. So it’s a good idea not to base your SEO efforts on these numbers until it’s known for sure if the test will become a permanent change. What Do SEOs Think? For the post part, the change has gone unnoticed. According to this Reddit thread the change in organic search happened on May 4th, and it’s only now that anyone is really talking about it. “The analysis that I’ve done has shown that Google updated the search results layout to give organic listings an increased title tag size – as well as increased width of the Featured Snippets/Answer Boxes, but have decreased the height of the Featured Snippets/Answer Boxes.” Commenters in the Reddit thread for the most part agree the change hasn’t been noticed. Redditor Jonathan Jones also wrote in his own blog that the change has impacted CTR in a positive way, which could be a sign it will be here to stay if it continues to product positive change. Jones recommends measuring your CTR from prior to May 4th to now to see if you’ve noticed any positive or negative change as a result of the longer search snippets. Related Posts New Length of Titles and Descriptions is Just a Test, Google Says SEJ Wrap-Up: Google Adds Longer Titles & Descriptions to SERPS & New Mobile Friendly Tools Google Extends Lengths of Title Tags in Mobile Search Results The Perfect Length Of Everything Online Bio Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Latest Posts Matt Southern Lead News Writer at Search Engine Journal Matt Southern has been the lead news writer at Search Engine Journal since 2013. His passion for helping people in all aspects of online marketing... Read Full Bio @MattGSouthern +Matt Southern Latest posts by Matt Southern (see all) Bing to Launch Native Search Ads in the Beginning of 2017 - November 14, 2016 Google Unveils New Look for AdWords Price Extensions - November 14, 2016 Bing Ads Introduces App Install Ads in Pilot Program for US Advertisers - November 11, 2016 Subscribe to SEJ! Get our weekly newsletter from SEJ's Founder Loren Baker about the latest news in the industry! Please Enter a Valid Email Address. We value your privacy! See our policy here.   sameer Hey Thanks for the great info. But i could not see these changes yet…Hopefully get the results soon with increased length. Saurav Mishra Good info and news for SEO professional but we should wait for Google until they confirms about it. webteamglobalsign I second that…I am not seeing the changes in the UK. Is this rolling out country by country? Kelsey Jones Not sure, but I’m pretty sure Jen Slegg from SEM Post is in Canada! webteamglobalsign Thanks I’ll keep an eye out for changes here Kausik Mukherjee So what would be the ideal length of description? Matt Southern I think that the most difficult question to answer because Google is showing so many different lengths descriptions right now. Probably best to wait and see what sticks Ramesh Sanapala I think the Description would be fix on 250 to 300 in between php2ranjan seo increase in title and meta will be good changes Corey Northcutt Well that’s going to be worth some testing. Matt Southern Agreed Matt Southern Who doesn’t love some good A/B testing! 😆 Andreas Christodoulou Good news. Checking it right now. Erwin Kovacevic Finally, to obtain a greater space for keywords maneuver in the title. @SEOchirp Since the removal of the right hand side ads, real estate was scarce on the SERPs. Does this solve the problem? To an extent. Definitely take the “wait and see” approach. Matt Southern Good point about them filling up space that used to be taken up by ads. I’m taking the wait and see approach as well John Wagonis Too bad there are so few SERPs to check it against since most of us tried hard to shorten these tags due to truncating. Can we please have one way and stick to it. How about 80 characters so we can actually say something, and maybe 200 to 300 character meta descriptions that show 100 characters followed by MORE. You can click on MORE for those who like reading MORE. Mohsin Alam I like your idea! Matt Southern Sounds like a fine solution to me Julian Connors Ummm….Sorry guys, but we have always optimized titles with 70 character limits and they have always shown accordingly…Where is the news here? Randy Downs I will wait to see if this sticks before making a lot of changes to my sites. Matt Southern Probably not a bad idea to be cautious in this case Craig Harkins I’m seeing the changes live now which solves some problems on title tags with a longer brand name appended as well. Haven’t seen any data on relative CTR – that will take a week or so to bake in. Money Singh waiting when result will be change after this news. Matt Southern Depends on where you live. I think the change affects only US English searches right now Pablo I am a searcher from Europe more specific Balkan – Kosova and some of the searches that I have done, i can see that some pages have 3 line of meta descriptions and some of the not. Do you have any idea on whether this is implemented only for specific websites or random… because there are planty of sites that I have search and their description is not full? why is that, I would like to hear your opinion? Amber yes i am seeing changes Matt Southern Thanks for verifying Thiruvenkatam C Good development. Gautam Dhanani I also faced increasing in length for meta in my all projects.. Matt Southern Any difference in CTR so far? Gautam Dhanani Seen much fluctuation in SERPs.. all rankings are up.. Sharad Gupta NIce idea this way it will be easy for everyone to analyze more words related to their search before clicking to any SERP ! Matt Southern My thoughts exactly. More descriptive snippets = better for searchers Chiranjiv Joshi I’ve been seeing and tracking it since last 1 – 2 week in Australia and Uk Gautam Dhanani Seeing major fluctuation in SERP as compare to morning… BrianHarnish What’s the word from Google? Is this officially implemented and no longer just a test? GeekFoss nice to meet you Khuram Shahzad good ida for seos Manny Luna Looks like this will help Video SEO pop even more… Ravish Singh Some of SEO/Crawling tools already fixed their length or pixel to show the SERP estimation result, so what is the fix? Ben wynkoop Good opportunity to get crafty with those extra characters to help increase your conversions. robin khokhar do we have to edit the description of older pages and post. Or wait for any other signal. Fijoy Its better to wait until we get a confirmation from Google. Its the age of A/B testing as said in the post.. So do not hurry.. Cheers!! Klaus Hanemann Have seen first trials with three lines of description already about a year ago. They disappeared after a few weeks. Have to see if this new exposure will stay. Nate Ford “Meta descriptions have been increased by 100 characters per line” ^I think you mean 100 PIXELS per line “When a three line snipped is displayed they come in at 278 characters per line.” ^I think you mean 278 characters per DESCRIPTION Or perhaps I’m missing something Tom Forrest Google only uses one meta tag, if you do a google search for “Internet Advertising Company” and look at the #1 result you will see how to use the meta tag that Google uses. You can control the snippet if you are a good SEO expert. Nate Ford I think you misunderstood me somewhere along the lines. Thanks for trying to help though. I was actually trying to help the writer of the column because I think he accidentally used some incorrect terminology that could confuse some readers. I actually am a professional SEO expert working for an agency in NYC. WordpressExamples I hope Yoast is jumping on this with their plugin! Definitely an improvement from Google. Lisa Loperfido I hope so too OnceBuilder CMS Awesome tips! Thank you buddy. Ranjan Ravi I do found the same but not sure if this is final recall by Google. Just twitted Matt Cutts for confirmation.. hahaha very funny.. i like doing this fun with him Merry Zong Good job with this website!!Thank you buddy. Lisa Loperfido Great to know! This could be game changing. Thanks piltdownman Well…aren’t we supposed to be talking about pixel width, in any case? I realize at some point that you perhaps need to have an easily identifiable character count as an average, but I still want to squeeze every ounce out that I can — and that means paying attention to the pixel width. If this is indeed happening, I am happy for my clients who happen to have long brand names. They are unduly punished for something that isn’t there fault, particularly for companies who were pre-Internet and didn’t worry about short, snappy domain/company names. Indeed, if Google were truly equitable, they’d allow for company full names after something like a pipe symbol…. SmallBizGeek Exactly, it’s always been about pixel width, and to a degree, the font size used for title snippets and meta snippets. Character count is only an average, since not all characters are on equal size. Oluseye Not sure about the changes here though. More great way to tell searchers what the main article is all about. Somebody please tell Yoast about this, so they adjust accordingly! Rank Fuse And Screaming Frog 🙂 Miguel Salazar V. good! We are expected to start wing deployments and make the appropriate follow-up. arun kumar Wow. Thanks for confirming i will udpate my main top pages right now Career Pathways Wow its a great news… Thanks for informing. Haresh.V Great news… This could be game changing in SEO Job Informant Thanks for sharing Digi Interacts Good news again change in seo KPieterse awesome thanks! Rank Fuse The private Adwords beta that rolls out in a few months seems to complete the picture. #cryptic Sherry Bonelli Awesome information! Thanks for uncovering web51.pl Thanks a lot, great share! Deepak Agnihotri Description is same. I have checked for my site. There is no any change. GTP There wouldn’t be a change unless your description was previously too long, would there? Probir Protim Roy thank you for sharing. SmallBizGeek I would not bother. For my sites, these meta snippets are written in such a way that they do not get truncated, but if I were to go and extend them, it is sod’s law that Google will get bored of their little experiment and revert to the former setup. GTP Authorship comes to mind. SmallBizGeek Exactly! I was fortunate to “sit out” the Google goldrush that was Authorship while everyone else went crazy for it. SmallBizGeek Exactly. That example has set a precedent with Google and serves as a warning. Kundan Bora Long Title are good and can be more informative. Hope it stays. Sachin Pratap Dev yes it’s very nice update for SEO. and now 70 characters are showing in SERP. manish really this is nice update, with the help of this we can add some more information on our web pages. Perviz Surti Thanks a lot for sharing update regarding meta tags Rasheeduddin Sounds Gud! hope benefits SEO professionals… reworking starts Luke Ward I hope you don’t spell ‘good’ with a ‘u’ in all your SEO writing… Thomas Certainly means that all of us have to go back to work and make a lot of changes !! Sean Turner Thoughts on whether switching to longer titles and descriptions might actually have an adverse effect on Bing, etc.? SmallBizGeek It’s just a test. Forget about it. Google do this all the time. Don’t be fooled into taking action every time they flex a little. Diamond R Creative We always wait and see to determine 1. permanence of changes 2. are the updates significant enough to drastically change rankings 3. will the ROI justify immediate rework 4. can we just incorporate updates into ongoing maintenance. But that’s us. Mizo Kids Games Anyway not very important updates! You can leave the page without a description and it get ranked better than entering a description 🙂 Deepak Agnihotri I would like to inform you that according to the Google Update, the length of title should be 70-71 and length of description should be 160 but when I search for our website in Search Engine then it is not showing this length. So, have Google changed for only some sites not for all? SimplerWebs Don’t look at the title length as characters but as pixel! Don’t forget that a lower case ‘l’ uses less pixels than an upper case ‘L’, therefore, I like to stick with a title that is no more than 600 pixels. As far as the description length, I prefer to stick with no more than 164 characters for now. @mizokidsgames:disqus I am not sure that your recommendation on leaving the meta description empty and let the search engine decide what to put in the description is a wise recommendation and decision. Don’t you want to be in control and write a good description with a call to action (CTA)?. I would! Shovon Joarder I guess the update not affecting the meta description section, right? I notice the change only of SEO title in search result, not in the meta description. However, few sites meta description also shows up to 220 chars in search result. Little confused about the meta description length. Can anyone put some light on it, please? Subscribe to SEJ Get our weekly newsletter from SEJ's Founder Loren Baker about the latest news in the industry! Email: #SEJThinktank Webinar Linkbuilding in 2016: New Strategies & Resources Wed. November 30th, 12 PM EasternSee all SEJ Marketing Webinars Marketing Nerds Podcast Chris Boggs on Setting Up Internal Agency Teams for Success See all SEJ Marketing Nerds Podcasts New! Download your copy now READ SEJ ON NEWSSTAND FOLLOW SEJ ON TWITTER Follow @sejournal Popular Posts 1 Google is Splitting its Search Index, Prioritizing Mobile over Desktop 10.6K reads 10/15/2016 2 7 SEO Tools We’re Thankful For 6.8K reads 10/30/2016 3 How to Perform a Technical SEO Audit: Part 1 4.5K reads 11/7/2016 4 11 Ridiculously Effective Ways to Boost Your Organic CTR 4.0K reads 11/7/2016 5 How to Choose The Right Keywords to Optimize For 3.5K reads 10/17/2016See All Popular Posts Featured Video Popular Authors 1 Larry Kim Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Get More Facebook Likes for Free 2 Joshua Daniels Twitter Google+ LinkedIn How To Find Anyone’s Email Address In 60 Seconds Or Less 3 Tony Messer Twitter Google+ LinkedIn 7 SEO Tools We’re Thankful For 4 Jacob Millen How to Choose The Right Keywords to Optimize For 5 Aleh Barysevich Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn A Quick 15-Minute SEO Audit: Back to Search School SEJ Executive Editor Profile Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn Kelsey Jones Latest Post Memorialized Account Bug is “Killing” People on Facebook Related Posts 1 New Length of Titles and Descriptions is Just a Test, Google Says 2 SEJ Wrap-Up: Google Adds Longer Titles & Descriptions to SERPS & New Mobile Friendly Tools 3 Google Extends Lengths of Title Tags in Mobile Search Results 4 Google Extends Deadlines for Expanded Text Ads [X]REGISTER SEJ has been featured in Search Engine Journal is dedicated to producing the latest search news, the best guides and how-tos for the SEO and marketer community. Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn YouTube Pinterest RSS Home Jobs Write for SEJ About Contact Privacy Policy Initiatives Advertise Copyright 2016 Search Engine Journal. Published by Alpha Brand Media, all rights reserved.
CONTENT Reviews Columns Buyer's Guide POPULAR TOPICS Android Apple Cars Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Photography Apps Software Wearable Entertainment Science Reviews Columns Buyer's Guide Popular Topics  Android Apple Cars Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Photography Apps Software Wearable Entertainment Science Twitter Google+ Facebook Youtube RSS Search SlashGear Search 5 reasons to get excited about Lenovo’s Google Tango Phone Chris Burns - Nov 1, 2016 1 Facebook Twitter Google Reddit The Lenovo Phab2 Pro is the first consumer aimed Google Tango phone released to the public for sale. We’ve been digging our fingernails into our kneecaps in anticipation. We’ve been waiting for a consumer device with Tango since Tango was first made public. Now, with a variety of examples in awesome augmented experiences, we’re going to show you why. The software we’re showing here won’t be available immediately on the Lenovo Phab2 Pro for certain. They might well be, but we can’t be sure until we have the device in our hands. It is all able to run on the Phab2 Pro, though. It was all run on a developer tablet for Tango earlier this year at Google I/O 2016. These bits of software give you a small window into the possibilities with the Tango platform. The Lenovo Phab2 Pro will, we hope, be just one of a collection of phones and tablets with these abilities. As of this morning, Lenovo’s Phab2 Pro is now released by the company to their online store. 1. Studying dinosaurs in your living room Buying a Tango phone like the Lenovo Phab2 Pro might be worth the price based only on your desire to see and learn about dinosaurs. Dinosaurs in your living room is what the app “Dinosaurs Among Us” will to offer. With this app, users are able to drop dinosaurs in place, then walk around them and study them using the phone as a window. You’ll open the app and select a dinosaur, while your camera will show you the room your in in real time. You’ll place the dinosaur, which will then stay in the place you’ve put it until called for. Unless the dinosaur is meant to walk around, in which case it’ll move. Created for the American Museum of Natural History, this app’s curator is Mark Norell, Macaulay Curator and Chair of the Division of Paleontology. The dinosaurs in this app are size accurate representations of creatures that roamed the earth long ago. While these creatures’ appearances are simpler than real life, they aim to give viewers a real sense of true scale and presence. This app is available right this minute in the Google Play app store. It does not cost anything to download and has supported from 3rd-party donors. The Richard and Karen LeFrak Exhibition and Education Fund, Chase Private Client, and Dana and Virginia Randt have helped to support this app. 2. Measuring 3D space with accuracy With a Tango phone, you’ll be able to measure 3D space on the fly. This will be helpful for visualizing spaces where furniture will go. It’ll also be helpful for seeing whether your vehicle will fit in a tight spot before you ram your way into it. This app is able to measure flat spaces as well as edges throughout the space you’re standing in. The user can place line segments anywhere and measure anything straight with speed. It’s like having an array of measuring tools tossed up and pulled out with a twitch of your magic wand – on-screen controls, that is to say. This functionality has potential for use in concert with the Lowe’s app. With the app developers have made for Lowe’s, users are able to search for furniture and appliances and place them in their home in augmented space. While the Lowe’s app can size and place objects on its own, the Measure app will be a good way to double-check spaces. Google itself developed the Measure app and have made it free for download and use. The Lowe’s Vision app is also free, but does leads you to products available to buy from the company. You don’t absolutely need to buy these products from Lowe’s, but you’ll probably feel obligated. Another app with functionality quite like Lowe’s is the WayfairView app. Products can be searched for and placed using the app. The app then offers these objects for sale. 3. Placing objects in an alternate reality Suppose you want to create your own Upside Down situation, and make Stranger Things happen. With a Tango phone, users will be able to place all manner of objects – not just dinosaurs – in an augmented reality space. Objects will remain in place, creating a secondary reality where virtual objects only appear to a Tango phone. This functionality is available in the Lowe’s app example above. Another amazing example is in the app WOORLD by Funomena. This app shows a playground of objects in the room in which you stand, edit-friendly and interactive, too. This app includes several kinds of interactivity, including simple placement and controller interaction. Living augmented reality characters roam through the landscape, waiting for your guidance. It’s like a light version of The Sims, but living in your home. Augmented reality apps have been able to place objects in your living room and on your desk before. What’s different here is the Tango ability to keep those objects in place regardless of what the device’s camera points at. Users can place an object in one room, leave the room, and come back later to find that object still sitting where they placed it. 4. Gaming in augmented reality Once the world becomes mapped, an arena for games opens up. You’ll be able to play virtual laser tag and fly through a virtual city in your living room. You’ll be able to search your school for hidden virtual monsters. Oddities will appear en masse. While the WOORLD app shown above is something like The Sims, the app Towers for Tango is a lot closer to SIM City. Again, this is a gaming environment within an augmented reality inside your living room. You’ll interact with the city, build, and destroy with on-screen controls. The app Crayola Color Blaster is a kid-friendly game played with Tango. Zombies chase the user around their room and are only dispatched with colors blasted from the phone. This game may end up being as terrifying to some small children as it is entertaining to others – time will tell. Zombies in your bedroom will be made a bit more adult – and quite a bit tinier, physically, with Zombie Gunship. This app has been being developed and refined for years, acting as a prime demo for the platform at several Google, gaming, and VR-focused events. Users are asked to pilot a gunship (their Tango device) and keep a base protected from a zombie invasion. The thing that makes Zombie Gunship unique to Tango is its placement. The base you must protect is situated at your feet, or at your knees. To protect the base, you must move around your environment, locating zombie waves as they approach, firing as they invade. 5. Mapping the world with Area Learning The apps shown above only come to life with a technology called Area Learning. All Tango phones (and tablets) use Area Learning to map the world around them, and remember it. In the demonstration shown here, Google reveals a hidden universe of dots, just waiting for the mapping. With a secondary map of every environment, users will unlock augmented reality abilities aplenty. One of the most interesting uses of this technology we’ve seen thus far is in the app Cinematic. Developers at NextStage Pro have turned this technology around on the smartphone’s camera array. In Cinematic, users are able to capture stabilized video in all levels of light. There’s a mode in this app in which low-light stabilization creates a video unique to Tango. Users are able to work with 6-axis digital stabilization and effects like shallow depth of field and stereoscopic 3D. The app is free but using it for video capture requires an in-app purchase. Wrap-up Even though the Lenovo Phab2 Pro is the first consumer device with Tango onboard, a bunch of Tango apps are already live. Developers have been pushing software for months – and in some cases, years. Both big brands and lesser-known developer teams have created apps for Tango devices. The first Tango phone to appear to the public might seem like a bit of a pricey adventure for the uninitiated. We recommend you find the device at a Google event, Lenovo event, or wait for it to appear in physical stores before you buy. Tango is not the sort of technology you’re going to buy a smartphone for unless you’re sure it’s what you want. Instead, you buy a Tango phone because you need Tango technology. Consider the cost of the Lenovo Phab2 Pro (or whichever other Tango device you’re looking at) and think of Tango as the main value point. If the cost is less than the value to you, by all means, go for it. Story Timeline Road to the next Nexus Android : HTC, Daydream, Tango, Valve Qualcomm Snapdragon 820 does the Tango, future 600, 800 too Tango-dancing Lenovo PHAB2 Pro will finally launch soon Lenovo Phab 2 Pro will finally do the Tango next week Lenovo's Google Tango phone released for sale with one tiny caveat Tags Androidaugmented realityBuyer's GuidegoogleLenovoLenovo PHAB2Project TangosmartphoneTango Must Read Bits & Bytes MacBook Pro with Touch Bar Review (late-2016) Surface Book with Performance Base Review 7 ways I’ll escape or mobilize today with technology USB-C could kill Lightning, but Apple can’t afford it Tesla reveals paid Supercharging switch in 2017 Search © 2005-2016 SlashGear, All Rights Reserved. Site Information About Advertise Tip Us Contact Ethics Statement Privacy Policy Terms of Use Archives Social and Media Google+ Facebook Twitter YouTube RSS Feed Popular Topics Android Apple Cars Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Apps Software Wearable Entertainment Science
MSPU Windows Phone Windows 10 Surface Xbox Enterprise Tip us Settings Text Input: Windows 10 Windows Phone Surface Xbox Enterprise Settings Tip us Forum Text Input: Microsoft calls Google’s Windows Zero day exploit disclosure “disappointing”, pointedly does not mention billions of unpatched Android phones 4 by Surur  @mspoweruser Nov 1, 2016 at 21:04 GMT2 weeks ago Google recently disclosing an unpatched 0-day vulnerability in Windows after only giving Microsoft 7 days from notification to release a patch. This resulted in the information about the hack being released into the wild before Microsoft could develop a patch, placing a billion Windows users at risk. Google’s excuse was that the hole was already being actively exploited, but in a response today Microsoft’s Executive Vice President, Windows and Devices Group, Terry Myerson defended Microsoft and expressed disappointment in Google’s behaviour. Microsoft explained that the exploits in the wild were so-called “spear-phishing” attacks ie. sent to specific people in low volume, rather than being widely distributed to the general public. In addition Microsoft users on the latest version of Windows 10, Windows 10 Anniversary update, who are also using Edge, was already protected. Due to Microsoft’s efforts to force roll-out of updates, now clearly shown to be a good idea, already 76% of Windows 10 users are on the latest version, according to AdDuplex data. Terry said Windows was the only platform with a commitment to investigate reported security issues and proactively update impacted devices as soon as possible and said a patch was already in testing for release on the 8th November ie Patch Tuesday. By implication Terry of course suggested that Google did not take its responsibility to Android users equally seriously, with a large percentage of Android users on older versions of the operating system who are not having any OS updates. In addition Windows users may note Edge offered defence in-depth by implementing code integrity measures and other security procedures clearly not practiced by Google’s Chrome browser. Microsoft recommended that all customers upgrade to Windows 10, calling it the most secure operating system they have ever built, complete with advanced protection for consumers and enterprises at every layer of the security stack. Microsoft’s vision of a billion Windows users all running the very latest version of the operating system, which are all automatically up to date mean that over the next few years Windows may earn a reputation as the safest operating system to use. Read Terry Myerson’s full post below: Windows is the only platform with a customer commitment to investigate reported security issues and proactively update impacted devices as soon as possible. And we take this responsibility very seriously. Recently, the activity group that Microsoft Threat Intelligence calls STRONTIUM conducted a low-volume spear-phishing campaign. Customers using Microsoft Edge on Windows 10 Anniversary Update are known to be protected from versions of this attack observed in the wild. This attack campaign, originally identified by Google’s Threat Analysis Group, used two zero-day vulnerabilities in Adobe Flash and the down-level Windows kernel to target a specific set of customers. We have coordinated with Google and Adobe to investigate this malicious campaign and to create a patch for down-level versions of Windows. Along these lines, patches for all versions of Windows are now being tested by many industry participants, and we plan to release them publicly on the next Update Tuesday, Nov 8. We believe responsible technology industry participation puts the customer first, and requires coordinated vulnerability disclosure. Google’s decision to disclose these vulnerabilities before patches are broadly available and tested is disappointing, and puts customers at increased risk. To address these types of sophisticated attacks, Microsoft recommends that all customers upgrade to Windows 10, the most secure operating system we’ve ever built, complete with advanced protection for consumers and enterprises at every layer of the security stack. Customers who have enabled Windows Defender Advanced Threat Protection (ATP) will detect STRONTIUM’s attempted attacks thanks to ATP’s generic behavior detection analytics and up-to-date threat intelligence. -Terry Read more about the exploit and Microsoft’s mitigation measures here. Some links in the article may not be viewable as you are using an AdBlocker. Please add us to your whitelist to enable the website to function properly. Source Microsoft Related 0-day google microsoft vulnerabilities windows Windows Kernel Windows vulnerability Tweet Share 0 Read these next Trending Claim: Xbox One game streaming to Windows 10 Mobile in beta testing (screen shot) by Surur 0 Trending Dell Stack + Dock looks gorgeous (new render) by Surur 0 Comments Advertisement MSPoweruser Podcast MSPoweruser Podcast 21: All About Alcatel’s superphone by Andrew Bennett on November 11, 2016 During this week’s episode of the MSPoweruser Podcast, Vernon E. L. Smith and Andrew Bennett cover some of the week’s Microsoft news. This week’s topics include the Alcatel Idol 4S... Subscribe Now Windows 10 Windows 10 will soon allow third-party alarm apps to break-through Quiet Hours by Sean Chan on November 14, 2016 A very neat feature on Windows 10 is Quiet Hours, which allows users to stop notifications from apps during a certain period of the day/night. Quiet Hours can also be quite useful when you a... StaffPad gets Surface Dial support, and more on Windows 10 by Mehedi Hassan Last month at the big Windows 10 event, Microsoft introduced the new Surface Dial along with the new Surface Studio. Surface Dial is what Microsoft likes to call “a new tool for the cr... Minecraft “The Exploration Update” now available for download on PC and Mac by Pradeep At MINECON, Mojang announced the next major update for Minecraft PC and Mac Edition dubbed “The Exploration Update”. The Exploration Update is now available for download on PC and Mac. I... Microsoft Store to offer great deals on Surface, Windows 10 PCs and Xbox for thi... by Pradeep Along with the great deals on Xbox One consoles and Xbox games, Microsoft today announced that they will be offering great deals from Microsoft Store for this Black Friday. Find the details ... Dolby Atmos testing app now available for download from Windows Store by Pradeep Last month, Microsoft announced that they are bringing support for Dolby Atmos in Xbox One S with the upcoming Windows 10 Creators Update. Today, Dolby Atmos audio testing app was spotted in... Deals Deals Microsoft Store to offer great deals on Surface, Windows 10 PCs and Xbox for this Black Friday Along with the great deals on Xbox One consoles and Xbox games, Microsoft today announced that they will be offering great deals from Microsoft Store for this Black Friday. Find the details ... Deal: Microsoft Surface Pro 4 with Intel Core m3/128GB SSD and Alcantara Type Co... BestBuy retail stores are now offering a great deal on the entry level Surface Pro 4 device in the United States. You can now get Surface Pro 4 with 6th Gen Intel Core m3, 128GB SSD and 4GB ... Xbox One clearance sale now available from Microsoft Store UK, save up to £200 Microsoft Store UK is going early with the Black Friday Deals. Today, Microsoft Store UK has started selling Xbox One bundles starting at just £199. For example, you can get the Xbox One ... HP’s Black Friday Sale deals revealed, includes several Windows laptops HP’s Black Friday Sale deals were revealed yesterday. It includes number of Windows laptops, desktops, PC accessories, monitors, etc,. For example, you can save up to $729 on HP Elit... Deal: Get $150 off Lenovo Yoga 910 2-in-1 PC from Microsoft At IFA 2016, Lenovo announced its Yoga 910, the successor to the popular Yoga 900 convertible laptop. Yoga 910 comes with a 13.9-inch 4K display, redesigned keyboard, a larger trackpad, a fi... Deal: Microsoft Surface Pro 4 with Intel Core i5 and 128GB storage for $899 Microsoft Store is now offering a discount of $100 for the Core i5/128GB Surface Pro 4 device in the United States. You can now get Surface Pro 4 with 6th Gen Intel Core i5, 128GB SSD and 4G... Deal: Microsoft offering Xbox One S Bundle and free game for $299 Despite Black Friday being right around the corner, Microsoft believes that you shouldn’t have to wait to enjoy the savings off of its newest console. That’s why from November 4 ... Deal: Microsoft Surface Pro 4 with Intel Core m3 and 128GB storage for $749 Microsoft Store is now offering a discount of $150 for the entry level Surface Pro 4 device in the United States. You can now get Surface Pro 4 with 6th Gen Intel Core m3, 128GB SSD and 4GB ... Deal: Get huge discounts on the original Surface Book Amazon US is now offering huge discounts on the original Surface Book device. The entry-level Surface Book Intel Core i5/8GB RAM/128GB device (non-gpu) model is now available for just $1199.... Deal: Entry-level Surface Book now available for just £1,049 John Lewis is now offering the entry-level Microsoft Surface Book for just £1,049. Entry-level Surface Book comes with Intel Core i5 processor, 8GB RAM, 128GB storage and detachable 13.5”... Forums About Us Contact Us Tip Us Submit Articles Community Guidelines Privacy Policy © 2016 MSPoweruser - All rights reservedNot associated with Microsoft   Top
Sections My Edition My Edition home page Home Home page Today's Paper News Top News Breaking News Live blog Pinellas Hillsborough Pasco Hernando Florida Nation/World Education Health Bizarre News tb-two NIE Weather Politics Politics The Buzz Blog Bay Buzz Blog Politifact Politifact Florida Florida Legislature Business Sports Sports Scores & Stats Bucs Rays Lightning Bulls Seminoles Gators HomeTeam Golf Outdoors Auto Racing Rowdies Storm Obituaries Things to do Things To Do Events Food & Dining Kids Date night Shopping Deal Divas blog Florida travel Movie times Music & concerts Soundcheck blog Arts Stage Search Video Opinion Features Features Good Reads Floridian Magazine Bay magazine Travel Books Parenting Pets Weddings Fashion LifeTimes Comics & Games Entertainment Entertainment news TV & media The Feed blog TV listings Movies Movie times The Juice blog Stuck in the '80s blog Blogs Blogs Bay Buzz Bucs Beat Deal Divas Gadgets & Gizmos Gator Report Lightning Strikes The Heater The Buzz The Feed The State You're In The Gradebook The Juice SoundCheck Stuck in the 80s USF Sports Bulletin TBT Site Map Services Apps Shop Classified Cars Jobs Homes Subscribe now Legal Ads Advertise Press releases Search Light Rain70° FULL FORECASTLight Rain70° FULL FORECAST Tampa Bay Times Pulitzer Prizes Make us your home page Today's Paper E-Newspaper Search Home My Edition News Politics Sports Things to Do Video Opinion Features & More Breaking news Live blog Business/Finance Pinellas Hillsborough Pasco Hernando Florida Education Health Obituaries More Local Government Uhuru group vows to defend illegal street sign in St. Petersburg US/World Bizarre news Weather Hurricane guide Special topics Social media Newspaper in Education (NIE) Top News A recall, an ouster, an election, now a do-over in Seminole Tribe Georgia man guilty in death of toddler son left in hot SUV Duke Energy to pay $27 million, settling claims of covert ouster of Progress Energy CEO 'Ape in heels': W.Va. officials under fire after comments about Michelle Obama Vouching for Trump, Obama says U.S. will maintain alliances News blogs All Eyes photo blog The Feed (Pop culture & media) Gadgets & Gizmos The Gradebook (Education) Deal Divas LIST OF ALL BLOGS The Buzz blog 2016 Campaign Bay Buzz blog PolitiFact PolitiFact Florida PunditFact Florida Legislature Medical marijuana Politics Trump considering woman, openly gay man for leadership posts Top News A recall, an ouster, an election, now a do-over in Seminole Tribe 'Ape in heels': W.Va. officials under fire after comments about Michelle Obama Vouching for Trump, Obama says U.S. will maintain alliances Trump considering woman, openly gay man for leadership posts Bucs player sets off social media firestorm in Tampa Bay Political writers Adam Smith Steve Bousquet Alex Leary Michael Auslen Jeremy Wallace Scores & stats Rays Evan Longoria Bucs Jameis Winston Lightning Bulls Seminoles Gators HomeTeam Outdoors More Bucs Bears-Bucs Turning Point, Week 10: The key to Jameis Winston executing the play of the year Rowdies Golf Auto Racing Storm 2015 NFL Draft Meet the Rays videos Evan Longoria Steven Stamkos Top News Jones: College Football Playoff committee has a weekend mess to mop up Bears-Bucs Turning Point, Week 10: The key to Jameis Winston executing the play of the year Cabin fever? A list of Florida parks with camping cabins Bucs' Evans sits during anthem to protest Trump's election Criticism of Mike Evans' protest is the real shame Sports blogs Bucs Beat The Heater (Rays) Lightning Strikes USF Sports Bulletin Sunshine State Report LIST OF ALL BLOGS Events Food & dining Top 50 restaurants 2016 Cooking Kids Date night Shopping/Divas Music & concerts Florida travel Stage Arts Movie times Sound Check 2017 Strawberry Festival lineup: Little Big Town, Rascal Flatts, Willie Nelson and more Top News Plans moving forward on St. Pete's Museum of the American Arts and Crafts Movement Review: Santa Fe Mexican Grill a growing empire of heaping Tex-Mex Bucs linebacker looks to set up mentors at bowling event We asked the pros for their key to large-scale Thanksgiving success Rocker Leon Russell dies in Nashville Blogs & Neighborhoods Deal Divas Soundcheck Downtown Tampa South Tampa Ybor City Downtown St. Pete Tarpon Springs South Pinellas Beaches West Pasco MORE NEIGHBORHOODS Editorials & letters Perspective Submit a letter to the editor Editorials Editorial: Corcoran's strong reforms for the Florida House Top Opinion Editorial: Reality sets in for Trump Columnists Tim Nickens Bill Maxwell Daniel Ruth Sue Carlton John Romano Ernest Hooper Dan DeWitt Features Good reads Entertainment news Floridian magazine Bay magazine Books Travel Pets Parenting Games TV listings Movie times Water Tampa and Cuba, once Cold War enemies, now work together to save the ocean Top News Special topics A-Z TOPIC INDEX All Eyes photo blog Social media Worst Charities Scientology LifeTimes Senior Living Guide BLOG INDEX SITE MAP CONTACT US Breaking news Live blog Weather Obituaries Business Pinellas Hillsborough Pasco Hernando Florida US/World Education Health Bizarre Blogs Buzz Blog 2016 Campaign Bay Buzz Blog Politifact Politifact Florida PunditFact Florida Legislature Scores/stats Rays Bucs Lightning UF FSU USF High School Golf Outdoors Auto Racing Rowdies Storm Bucs Beat The Heater Lightning Strikes USF Sports Bulletin Sunshine State Report Features Good Reads Entertainment Floridian magazine Bay magazine Special Topics Blogs Site Map Food & Dining Kids Events Date Night Deals & Shopping FL Travel Movies Movie Times Music & Shows Arts Stage OnScene Videos Neighborhoods Blogs Travel Books Relationships Pets Weddings Fashion Pop Culture LifeTimes Senior Living Guide TV & Media The Feed TV listings Movies Movie Times Juice Stuck in the '80s Home News Photos Scoreboard Teams Blog Video Recruiting Standings Leaders Hillsborough crime reports South and Central Tampa Brandon and South Shore Northwest Hillsborough and New Tampa Pinellas crime reports St. Pete Times Clearwater & North Pinellas Pasco things to do Hernando crime reports Hernando things to do Finance and Markets Deals and Shopping Cooking Recipes Restaurants Bars & Spirits Craft Beer Taste Test Sign up for DayStarter Today’s top headlines delivered to you daily. (View our Privacy Policy) Veganism searches spike in Florida, Tampa Bay in the days before World Vegan Day Sara DiNatale, Times Staff Writer Link View all Articles SARA DINATALETampa Bay Times Tuesday, November 1, 2016 5:07pm Print 0 My Edition I want to see more articles tagged I'm already following articles tagged LARA CERRI | Times The Cider Press Cafe offers gourmet raw vegan fare to customers. Central Avenue in St. Petersburg, especially from about the 600 block west, has become a gourmet heaven with lots of little places like The Hyppo, Brew D Licious and Tony's Pizza. What is vegan? Is Leonardo DiCaprio vegan? Related News/Archive Vegan Caesar Salad satisfies 1 Month Ago World AIDS Day offers HIV education, testing across Tampa Bay 11 Months Ago Plant City couple brings vegan restaurant to Brandon More than a Year ago It's 2016: If you've got a question, you're probably consulting Google. Those two questions topped Google's list of most common of vegan inquiries, according to data on Google Trends. But not only does the world really want to know if Leo has cut honey out of his diet, but the average Google user also is searching for veganism more often than they are about vegetarianism. In Florida and Tampa Bay, searches for veganism have spiked, even in just the last week, the Google data shows. Perhaps it's because Tuesday is "World Vegan Day" or because Orlando Veg Fest was last week and Tampa's is coming up on Nov. 12. Regardless of what's caused the spike, local vegans say they've noticed a growing interest in the diet that eliminates any animal or animal by-product. That means no meats, dairy, or eggs as well as any food, drink or good that is prepared or made at the expense of an animal. "A lot of my friends have decided to go vegan of the time that I've known them," said Brian Brown, 27, of Tampa. "I've been noticing a lot more vegan restaurants and more vegan options pop up here or there. Overall, I think the conversation over farmed animal rights and animal rights is growing." "How do I go vegan?" Top questions on veganism ahead of #WorldVeganDay pic.twitter.com/rrCKqCow2V— GoogleTrends (@GoogleTrends) November 1, 2016 Brown, who is helping organize Tampa Bay Veg Fest as a member of Florida Voices for Animals, said he came across more vegan eateries than expected while driving through Gainesville after a five-day camping trip this past weekend. Roland Strobel, a co-owner of Cider Press Cafe in St. Petersburg, touts his restaurant "is not your momma's vegan food." He said more people are starting to realize vegan food doesn't taste bad. "Most people think of vegan food as very unflavorful, or bland or too spicy and not good," he said. "Nothing could be further from the truth." One of his employees, 23-year-old Samm Boyle, said more people are starting to eat vegan meals, even if they're not vegan. Their sister, their brother and their friend are vegan, she said, and they don't mind dabbling in it, too. So maybe the Google spike has something to do with that? Boyle isn't sure. Brown doesn't have the answer, either — but he's happy to see more people curious about what being a vegan means. "To me, every day is 'Vegan Day,' " he said. Contact Sara DiNatale at sdinatale@tampabay.com. Follow @sara_dinatale. Veganism searches spike in Florida, Tampa Bay in the days before World Vegan Day 11/01/16 [Last modified: Tuesday, November 1, 2016 6:34pm] Photo reprints | Article reprints © 2016 Tampa Bay Times      Abuse Policy Commenting Guidelines Join the discussion: Click to view comments, add yours Loading... Sign up for Daystarter Today’s top headlines delivered to you daily. (View our Privacy Policy) Today's top stats Video Search Archives Search page Site map Index of site pages Subscribe Subscribe Renew Customer service E-Newspaper Subscribe Subscriber sign-in Contact us Directory Email Customer Service Call Customer Service: 1-800-888-7012 Email newsletters Sign up Text alerts Sign up Advertise with us Place an ad Market info Media kit Find Cars on AutoTrader.com Join us About us Times jobs | Internships Deliver the paper Times-sponsored events Click here for a directory of all Times consumer shows Tampa Bay Times Fund Inc. Grants Scholarships Times brand merchandise Purchase photos Reprints and licensing Online store Home News Politics Sports Things To Do Video Opinion Classifieds Cars Jobs Homes Legal Ads Shop © 2016 All Rights Reserved Tampa Bay Times 490 First Avenue South St. Petersburg, FL 33701 727-893-8111 Contact Us RSS Privacy Policy Standard of Accuracy Terms, Conditions & Copyright
This web site uses cookies to improve your experience. By viewing our content, you are accepting the use of cookies. To find out more and change your cookie settings, please view our cookie policy. Edition: Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan Go Menu Videos Smart City Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security Apple Data Centers Mobility IoT Enterprise Software Hardware AI, Automation, and Tech Jobs See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Newsletters All Writers Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out Go Menu Videos Smart City Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security Apple Data Centers Mobility IoT Enterprise Software Hardware AI, Automation, and Tech Jobs See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out us Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan Special Feature Inside this Special Feature How to Automate the Enterprise Chat bots: How talking to your apps became the next big thing How to automate the enterprise: Your guide to getting started Research: Automation of low-level IT tasks is already widespread How robots are filling worker shortages, replacing 'bad' jobs, and making work more rewarding How to do automation right IT automation: Where it's working, where it's not Five best practices for bringing automation to your organization How marketing automation is freeing up a motorist group to tackle digital transformation How machine learning is helping Ocado deliver better customer service to online grocery shoppers Why automation is finally revolutionizing quick service restaurants and what it means for jobs Part of a ZDNet Special Feature: How to Automate the Enterprise Chat bots: How talking to your apps became the next big thing Apps that can mimic human conversations are one of the hottest technologies around right now. Here's why. By Steve Ranger | November 1, 2016 -- 16:41 GMT (09:41 PDT) | Topic: How to Automate the Enterprise Talk to the robot. Getty Images/iStockphoto Bots are applications that are designed to respond to conversational language. The aim is to create services -- whether that's the ability to order a pizza or to enter a meeting in a calendar -- where the dialogue with the app is as natural and apparently unscripted as an interaction you might have with a human. Chat bots are like narrow versions of digital assistants like Apple's Siri, Amazon's Alexa or Google Assistant, designed to perform specific tasks. Interest in bots has rocketed recently and developers are racing to incorporate them into services built on popular messaging apps and websites to create a form of virtual customer services. This has also sparked a mini technology arms race, as the big tech vendors try to persuade developers to use their bot platform. Google recently acquired API.ai, which has around 60,000 developers using its bot-building technology; Microsoft claims around 45,000 developers for its Bot Framework; and Facebook has around 34,000 working on its platform. "So pretty much everyone today who's building applications, whether they be mobile apps or desktop apps or websites, will build bots as the new interface where you have a human dialogue interface versus menus of the past," predicted Microsoft CEO Satya Nadella earlier this year. Some of the technology behind bots has been around for a long time, so why are bots so hot right now? That's largely because advances in AI technologies such as Natural Language Processing (NLP) and voice recognition are coming together to create a need breed of smarter bots that use AI to respond to questions in a much more natural way than was previously possible: for example, Amazon has launched a competition to build a bot that can chat "coherently and engagingly" with humans for 20 minutes about sports or celebrity gossip. Add this to the rise of messenger applications like WhatsApp, and we could be seeing the emergence of a new type of user interface -- one controlled by conversation. And while this is going to be most visible in the consumer world at first, bots will also extend into the enterprise as mobile messaging is fast becoming a standard productivity tool alongside email and calendar. For some companies, bots may become a way of supplementing (or replacing) human customer services staff; for others bots may create new ways of doing business. A new bandwagon? In many ways the bots craze mirrors what happened with mobile apps a few years ago, with lots of hype and over-enthusiastic developers jumping on the bandwagon. "The excitement, however, is well-founded because chat bots do have enormous potential," said Raul Castanon-Martinez, senior analyst at 451 Research. Despite the huge interest, many of the bots currently in use are relatively basic and more like an upgrade to the menu-driven (and often infuriating) interactive voice response services that have been around for years. "We are nowhere near the expectation that chat bots have raised for AI and human-like conversations. There are important advances, but we're not there yet," said Castanon-Martinez. Chat bots can fill gaps in mobile applications by making it easier to get work done (or just get that pizza ordered) in a way that's more natural on a smaller device: "Troops, for example, allows users to get work done by interacting with Salesforce over a very clean and simple UI -- Slack," said Castanon-Martinez . "Bots are still in early days. We still have to see AI, machine learning and NLP advance to a degree where they enable natural conversations. The typical use case right now will be relatively simplistic yet powerful -- just not to the extent of a completely automated chat bot that emulates what a human can do. I expect we will get closer to this scenario in the next couple of years," he added. Bank bots Royal Bank of Scotland (RBS) is one company that is experimenting with chat bots for customer service using IBM Watson Conversation. The bank will begin using the chat bot with around 10 percent of RBS customers in Scotland to answer queries such as "How do I authorise my card to be used overseas?" or "How do I update my home address with the bank?" This customer pilot follows a two-month trial of the technology earlier this year among 1,200 RBS and NatWest staff, mainly handling queries from small businesses customers with problems such as lost corporate cards or forgotten pins. Chris Popple, managing director of digital for NatWest and RBS, said the aim was to make help and support easier for customers. The chat bot is designed to respond to a customer query in a conversational way so that it can gather the information it needs to either answer the question or direct the customer to staff who can respond, which is better than simply giving customers a web page to read. The bot will be able to respond to queries like "I don't recognize this transaction" or "I don't understand my balance" or "I've lost my card", which make up the majority of the questions asked, but as the pilot progresses the bank wants to the bot to handle harder queries. "As we progress through the pilot and next year we want to get into more complex intents to start to test whether or not it can understand the underlying needs. So, 'I've run out of money' -- that could be a number of things, but first we need to nail the easier intents and as we go along we'll get into the more complex stuff," said Popple. If the pilot is a success the bot will also be rolled out to NatWest customers. Building an effective bot requires a different set of skills to a standard IT project, including programmers, subject matter experts and dialogue writers. For the latter, the bank has turned to people who have written screenplays. "The team is not very large -- under ten people -- but it's a mixture of those skillsets that come together," said Popple. The aim is for the bot to have a personality, but not for it to pretend to be human. "We're not in the business of making the technology pretend it's a real person, but we know now from testing it internally that people respond very well when it seems natural," said Popple. In the future, the chat bot could also use IBM's Watson AlchemyLanguage capability to understand how a customer is feeling and then change its tone and actions accordingly. "We want to sensitize it so that we can maybe pass you to a member of staff because it's an incredibly urgent thing, or change it to a slightly more formal tone if it's a more serious question. We don't think it will be very complicated, but we do want to have it react slightly differently depending on the tone and the urgency", Popple said. More on chat bots LinkedIn unveils smarter messaging with bots Microsoft updates its bot platforms with new features, support for Facebook, Slack bot features This charming robot: Amazon starts hunt for a AI bot you can gossip with More than 11,000 bots now live on Facebook Messenger Join Discussion Powered by Livefyre Add your Comment Related Stories Hardware Amazon Music Unlimited: Can Alexa give Amazon the edge? Artificial Intelligence IBM, Nvidia target deep learning, AI workloads Big Data Analytics High performance computing (HPC): A look at what's next with TACC's Dan Stanzione Artificial Intelligence ​How an Indian firm predicted a Trump victory when every American pollster got it wrong × Thank You Please review our terms of service to complete your newsletter subscription I agree to the Terms of Use, Privacy Policy and Video Services Policy. I understand I will receive a complimentary subscription to TechRepublic's News and Special Offers newsletter, and the Daily Digest newsletter (you can opt out at any time). ACCEPT & CLOSE Newsletters You have been successfully signed up. To sign up for more newsletters or to manage your account, visit the Newsletter Subscription Center. See All See All ZDNet Connect with us © 2016 CBS Interactive. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | Cookies | Ad Choice | Advertise | Terms of Use | Mobile User Agreement Visit other CBS Interactive sites: Select SiteCBS CaresCBS FilmsCBS RadioCBS.comCBSInteractiveCBSNews.comCBSSports.comChowhoundCNETCollege NetworksGameSpotLast.fmMaxPrepsMetacritic.comMoneywatchmySimonRadio.comSearch.comShopper.comShowtimeTechRepublicThe InsiderTV.comUrbanBaby.comZDNet Topics All Authors Galleries Videos About ZDNet Meet The Team Site Map RSS Feeds Reprint Policy Manage | Log Out Log In to ZDNET | Join ZDNet Membership Newsletters Site Assistance
Home Reviews Phones Tablets Apps Devices Deals Tip Us Search Android Community Home Reviews Phones Tablets Apps Devices Deals Tip Us Fingerprint Quick Action app does exactly what it says, may need root By John Hoff - November 1, 2016 0 Share on Facebook Tweet on Twitter Since Google debuted the Pixel smartphones with the nifty fingerprint swipes, gestures, and actions, a lot of people have been wanting to see if they can get some sort of quick action from their device’s fingerprint sensor. Now swiping is out of the question, since Google confirms there is new hardware for this feature on the Pixels that older devices don’t have. But this app called “Fingerprint Quick Action” might give you a little bit of versatility. Ever need to sleep or wake your device directly from the fingerprint sensor? That’s just one of the things Fingerprint Quick Action does. Install it and you can assign tasks that can be done just by tapping on your sensor. First is to put your device to sleep with just a tap on the sensor. This would require root access so that the feature would be consistent and free from errors. Other actions include going back to the home screen of your device from any task just by tapping on your fingerprint sensor, and toggling notification shade actions. You can actually bring down your notification shade with just taps. See the video below to look at what the app really does. Moving forward, the developer plans to add more quick actions. The developer also plans to bring double tap actions to the app. Pretty nifty, huh? Download the app via the source link below. SOURCE: XDA Story Timeline Android 7.1’s fingerprint swipe, Night Light features not available on Nexus 6P, 5X Samsung applied patent for fingerprint swipe gestures Root for the Google Pixel, Pixel XL is now available via SuperSU 2.78 SR2 TAGS Android Apps fingerprint root sensor Must Read Google Home Review: Feeling at home with Google Assistant This is the Huawei Mate 9 and its Porsche Design twin Huawei Fit hands-on: fitness tracker in smartwatch clothing Stay Connected 883,798FansLike 136,403FollowersFollow 102,861FollowersFollow 469,000FollowersFollow 59,238SubscribersSubscribe About Contact Terms of Use Privacy Policy Advertise © 2016 Android Community - Part of R3 Media LLC
Ad Age Creativity Lookbook Datacenter Resources Events Jobs On Campus Follow us Follow on Facebook Follow on Twitter Follow on Google+ Follow on LinkedIn Follow on Pinterest Follow on Instagram Follow on YouTube Follow on Tumblr Follow via RSS |   , Logout Login Become a Member Advertising Age Advertising Age Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video Campaign Trail Search Menu Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video Campaign Trail , Logout Become a Member Login Adage Creativity Lookbook Datacenter Resources Events Jobs On Campus Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google+ Close Advertising Age Sections Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video Campaign Trail Latest Editor's Picks Most Popular Login Become a member Search Bud Imagines How Harry Caray Would Have Called Cubs Win By E.J. Schultz - 40 minutes ago Array 0 Time Inc. Further Reduces Revenue Expectations For 2016 By Jeremy Barr - 1 hour ago Array 0 What Brands Teach Us About Trust-Building By Susan Cantor - 1 hour ago Array 0 No Fad: Virtual Reality Has Reached a Tipping Point By Alastair Green - 1 hour ago Array 0 Amazon's Private Labels Already Dominate Battery and Speaker Sales Online By Jack Neff - 4 hours ago Array 0 Bud Imagines How Harry Caray Would Have Called Cubs Win By E.J. Schultz - 40 minutes ago 0 Time Inc. Further Reduces Revenue Expectations For 2016 By Jeremy Barr - 1 hour ago 0 10 VR Ideas Creativity Loved By Ann-Christine Diaz - 4 hours ago 0 Facebook Shares Snapchat Attack Plan, Including a New Camera By Garett Sloane - 17 hours ago 0 Cubs Win! And So Do Bud, Nike, Toyota By E.J. Schultz - 9 hours ago 0 Google Ran Secret Video Ad Experiments and Here's What It Found By Garett Sloane - Yesterday 0 WTF Was Apple Thinking With the New MacBook Pro By Shelly Palmer - 2 days ago 0 10 Digital Marketing Innovators You Should Know By Garett Sloane - 2 days ago 0 Here's a Look at Instagram's New Shopping Posts for Retailers By Garett Sloane - 2 days ago 0 Apple's New App Store Search Ads Have Some Brands Cashing In By George Slefo - 2 days ago 0 Aleady a member? Sign in Get More From Ad Age Register to become a member today. You'll get the essential information you need to do your job better, including 7 free articles per month on Ad Age and Creativity Ability to comment on articles and creative work Access to 9 custom e-newsletters like Ad Age Daily, Ad Age Digital and CMO Strategy To get unlimited content and more benefits, check out our Membership page Register Now Want more Access, Content & Connections? We are glad you are enjoying Advertising Age. To get uninterrupted access and additional benefits, become a member today. Upgrade to Membership Already a member? Log in or go back to the homepage. Hey, there. It looks like you're using an ad blocker. The news and features are funded in part by our advertisers. To support Ad Age and the industry we cover please either: SUBSCRIBE or WHITELIST US Google Ran Secret Video Ad Experiments and Here's What It Found By Garett Sloane. Published on November 01, 2016. Most Popular YouTube ran a series of secret ad tests to help brands get a sense of what works in mobile video and what grabs people's attention for the most amount of time. The Google Unskippable Labs ran the experiment using 16 different videos with variations on pacing, sound and other factors, including whether vertical video was important. Those with longest view-through rates were obviously the most compelling, and could be used for coming up with best practices in online video. Click to view the report. Credit: Google Ben Jones, Google's creative director, was in charge of the video tests and is working with brands to implement some of the findings. He was also featured in Ad Age's digital innovators list. The online video space is exploding with places to run video ads, but the brands and agencies are still trying to understand what's different about the digital space compared with television. They can't just run their 30- or 60-second spots from TV and hope that gets people to stick around on their smartphones. The point of the tests was to see how ads might perform if creative choices were made with mobile environments in mind as opposed to desktop, or even TV. The average completion rate for the average video ad on mobile devices is 22%, according to Google. On desktop, it's 28%. The best-performing video in the test, one in which fast pacing was the dominant factor, achieved a 33% "view-through" rate on mobile., Google said. Here is what Google found. Pacing This test took one video with a slow pace, drawn-out dialog and longer shots, and compared it with a fast-cut of the same ad. The faster version led to a view-through rate of 35% on mobile, while the slower version had a 29% view-through rate. On desktop, the faster version had a 33% view-through rate, compared with 31% for the slow version. Vertical video This test tried an ad shot for vertical video, which is becoming a common format within apps like Snapchat, and compared it with a horizontal ad. Snapchat has found on its platform vertical leads to higher view-through rates. Google said it found no such success -- horizontal performed better. The horizontal video had a 29% view-through rate on mobile, and the vertical had a 27% view-through rate. Captions on and off In one test for captions, viewers saw subtitles and in another they didn't. Showing the dialog in text is something brands have been playing with, because often they don't know if the ads will run with sound on platforms like Twitter and Facebook. The subtitled video performed slightly better with a 23% view-through rate on mobile versus a 22% rate for the non-subtitle video. Desktop saw similar results, too. Super captions This test featured the subtitled video and compared it with a video that used supplemental text, which is when the words are used more creatively to boost the overall story, not just to translate the dialog. The supplemental text is becoming popular on digital video, adding extra layers to storytelling and delivering more information in a shorter period of time. That performed the best with a 26% view-through rate on mobile compared with 25% for the straight captions. Desktop saw similar results, too. In this article: Digital Digital Video Mobile Technology Become a Member Register Now Renew Membership Benefits Datacenter Advertising Age     Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Instagram YouTube Tumblr Copyright © 1994-2016 Crain Communications Privacy Statement Terms of Use About Us Advertise Reprints Contact Us AD AGE Creativity LookBook Datacenter Resources Events Jobs On Campus Site by AREA 17 x Scroll to Continue
Our website uses cookies Cookies enable us to provide the best experience possible and help us understand how visitors use our website. By browsing Infosecurity Magazine, you agree to our use of cookies. Okay, I understand Learn more Latest Video Interview: Insights with Cyber Leaders - Eugene Kaspersky Kaspersky Wants Microsoft AV Antitrust Investigations UK Spy Agencies on the Hunt for Recruits Adult Websites Breached as 412 Million Users Exposed Recruitment Firm Blames Capgemini over Client Data Breach   News Topics Features Webinars White Papers Events & Conferences Directory Search Infosecurity Magazine Home » News » Google AI Can Create Its Own Encryption 1 Nov 2016 News Google AI Can Create Its Own Encryption Tara Seals US/North America News Reporter, Infosecurity Magazine Email Tara Google has shown that artificial intelligence has the ability to create its own cryptography standard—a step in the right direction in automating encryption. In an academic paper, the internet behemoth’s Google Brain team details the creation of three neural networks (Alice, Bob and Eve). The team assigned them individual tasks: Alice was asked to send encrypted messages to Bob, who then was tasked with decrypting them. Eve played the role of the hacker, and was asked to crack the messages without possessing the key. Here’s the cool part: They were asked to make it up as they went along. “Instead of training each of Alice and Bob separately to implement some known cryptosystem, we train Alice and Bob jointly to communicate successfully and to defeat Eve without a pre-specified notion of what cryptosystem they may discover for this purpose,” researchers Martín Abadi and David Andersen wrote. “We would like Alice and Bob to defeat the best possible version of Eve, rather than a fixed Eve.” After 15,0000 simulations, Alice and Bob were able to routinely send and decrypt secure messages. Eve wasn’t as successful though: She never achieved full decryption. In a separate exercise using asymmetric encryption, the results were somewhat different and harder to evaluate. “In most training runs, the networks failed to achieve a robust outcome,” the researchers noted. “Often, although it appeared that Alice and Bob had learned to communicate secretly, upon resetting and retraining Eve, the retrained adversary was able to decrypt messages nearly as well as Bob was.” The exercises were fairly basic, and didn’t use cryptographic algorithms for developing sophisticated systems, according to the paper. "The learning does not require prescribing a particular set of cryptographic algorithms, nor indicating ways of applying these algorithms: It is based only on a secrecy specification represented by the training objectives," the researchers explained. But while it’s still not very complex, the new research could set the table for an encryption method that can dynamically, progressively strengthen as hackers attempt to crack it.  “When you consider that humans are consistently the weakest point in a security chain, there’s both financial and operational value in automating encryption between systems,” Jacob Ginsberg, senior director of Echoworx, told Infosecurity. “It has the potential to dramatically increase security. It’ll be interesting to see how this technology develops over the next few years and what the adoption levels among businesses will be.” Photo © modigia Why Not Watch? 5 Feb 2015Encryption Under Attack: Government vs Privacy 9 Apr 2015Crunch Time for Securing Big Data 17 Mar 2016Will Encryption Save Europe’s Privacy Plans? 7 Jan 2016The ‘Dark’ Web Inside Your Enterprise – Shining a Light on the Hazards of Encrypted Traffic Related to This Story Securing the Connected Organization To Minimize the Damage Caused by Breaches, Data must be Effectively Locked Down Edward Snowden: The Internet Is Not Our Enemy, and Encryption Can Protect It Trump’s Presidency Raises Encryption and Surveillance Fears #BHEU Quantum Crypto Edges Closer to Reality What’s Hot on Infosecurity Magazine? Read Shared Watched Editor's Choice 1 14 Nov 2016 News Adult Websites Breached as 412 Million Users Exposed 2 11 Nov 2016 News Recruitment Firm Blames Capgemini over Client Data Breach 3 11 Nov 2016 News Tesco Bank Attack Linked to Trojan Targeting Other UK Lenders 4 9 Nov 2016 News Antivirus Fails to Stop Ransomware 100% of the Time 5 14 Nov 2016 News Kaspersky Wants Microsoft AV Antitrust Investigations 6 11 Nov 2016 News Russian Banks Hit by IoT DDoS Deluge 1 9 Nov 2016 News Antivirus Fails to Stop Ransomware 100% of the Time 2 10 Nov 2016 News 'Sign in with Facebook' Threatens Millions of Devices 3 7 Nov 2016 News LinkedIn Scam Pretends to Care About Your Security 4 8 Nov 2016 News 18-year-old Wins Cyber Security Challenge UK 5 7 Nov 2016 News Researchers Hack US Voting Machine to Change Tallies 6 10 Nov 2016 News Trump’s Presidency Raises Encryption and Surveillance Fears 1 17 Nov 2016, 15:00 GMT, 10:00 EST Webinar Network Encryption made EASY: Utilizing Network Virtualization to Simplify Network Encryption & Enhance your Network Security 2 3 Nov 2016 Webinar Preparing for Incident Response: Best Practise and Common Failings 3 6 Dec 2016, 13:00 EST, 10:00 PST Webinar A Million Analysts Won’t Save Your SOC: The Future of Security Operations 4 24 Nov 2016, 15:00 GMT, 10:00 EST Webinar Enterprise Mobility and Security: Beyond BYOD 5 15 Dec 2016, 13:00 EST, 10:00 PST Webinar Hunting 101 - Back to Basics: Implementing a Proactive Cyber Hunting Approach 6 1 Dec 2016, 15:00 GMT, 10:00 EST Webinar How to Achieve Best Practice in Application Security in 2017 1 14 Oct 2016 News US Election Hacks and Attacks Are Leading Millennials to Cyber-Careers 2 17 Oct 2016 News UK Banks ‘Under-reporting’ Cyber Incidents 3 17 Oct 2016 News Certificate Snafu Forces Global Sites Offline 4 14 Oct 2016 News UK Police Bought Privacy Invading Phone Snooping Tech – Report 5 17 Oct 2016 News Euro Bank Robbers Blow Up 492 ATMs 6 14 Oct 2016 News Pro-Trump Hackers Deface Clinton Wikipedia Page The Magazine About Infosecurity Subscription Meet the Team Contact Us Advertisers Media Pack Contributors Forward Features Op-ed Copright © 2016 Reed Exhibitions Ltd. Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Use of Cookies Sitemap Please wait…
Login _ Welcome to TechSpot Why should I register? Sign up for a new account or log in here: Forgot your password? Couldn't sign you in, please try again. Social Sharing Find TechSpot on... Facebook Google+ Twitter YouTube Subscribe to TechSpot RSS Get our weekly newsletter Search TechSpot Trending Hardware The Web Culture Mobile Gaming Apple Microsoft Google Reviews Outstanding Laptops Graphics Smartphones CPUs Storage Cases Keyboard & Mice Features Must Reads PC Buying Guide Hardware Software Gaming Tips & Tricks Best Of Downloads Latest Downloads Popular Apps Editors Picks Device Drivers Product Finder New Releases New PC Games Laptops Smartphones Routers Storage Motherboards Monitors Forums Community Activity Today's Posts Microsoft Security Microsoft isn't happy about Google revealing a Windows vulnerability that's being actively exploited By Rob Thubron on Nov 1, 2016, 9:30 AM 12 comments TechSpot Google has angered Microsoft by announcing a critical security flaw in Windows that remains unpatched ten days after disclosing it to the Redmond-based company. In its blog post, Google explains that it reported the zero-day vulnerabilities to Adobe and Microsoft on October 21. Adobe issued a critical fix to patch the bug last Friday, but the Windows vulnerability still hasn’t been addressed by Microsoft. Worst of all, Google says it is being actively exploited in the wild. “After 7 days, per our published policy for actively exploited critical vulnerabilities, we are today disclosing the existence of a remaining critical vulnerability in Windows for which no advisory or fix has yet been released,” wrote Google’s Threat Analysis Group.”This vulnerability is particularly serious because we know it is being actively exploited.” The Windows zero-day, which can be triggered via a win32k.sys system call, could allow an attacker to escape from the operating system’s security sandbox and gain administrator privileges. Google recommends updating Flash as soon as possible and applying Windows patches as soon as they become available. Microsoft is angry that Google publicly announced the vulnerability before it had a chance to issue a fix. “We believe in coordinated vulnerability disclosure, and today’s disclosure by Google puts customers at potential risk,” a Microsoft spokesperson told VentureBeat. “Windows is the only platform with a customer commitment to investigate reported security issues and proactively update impacted devices as soon as possible. We recommend customers use Windows 10 and the Microsoft Edge browser for the best protection.” Microsoft clarified that exploiting the Windows vulnerability requires the Flash bug, so users that have received the patch are protected. But VB points out that until Microsoft sends out a fix, the flaw could be leveraged in other types of attacks. Related Reads Microsoft patches critical Windows vulnerability exposed by Google Microsoft will no longer sell retail copies of Windows 8, consumer versions of Windows 7 to OEMs Microsoft makes Windows free for select devices, announces universal Windows apps 12 comments 245 interactions Now Read This… Russia to investigate Microsoft, Kaspersky says Windows Defender is anti-competitive Microsoft: millennials, not senior citizens, are more susceptible to tech support scams Popular 16 comments The Best Smartphones: Google nails it 46 comments China says it will cut iPhone sales if Trump follows through on his trade war promise Load Comments 12 ... User Comments: 12 Got something to say? Post a comment Load all comments... Discuss 14 Time to Let Go? 49 Windows 7 -- flashing windows, closing menus 37 Microsoft reveals 400 million machines are now running Windows 10, new Edge security feature 25 Microsoft is moving to cumulative updates in Windows 7, 8.1 16 Need help with "Unresponsive script" Recently commented stories Jump to forum mode Add New Comment You need to be a member to leave a comment. Join thousands of tech enthusiasts and participate. TechSpot Account Sign up for free, it takes 30 seconds. Already have an account? Login now. You may also... Main Sections Technology News Reviews Features Product Finder Downloads Drivers Community TechSpot Forums Today's Posts Ask a Question News & Comments Useful Resources Best of the Best Must Reads Trending Now Hot Downloads About TechSpot About Advertising News Archive Social & Feeds Follow TechSpot Facebook Twitter Google Plus YouTube RSS Subscribe to the TechSpot Newsletter © 2016 TechSpot, Inc. All Rights Reserved. TechSpot is a registered trademark. Terms of Use Privacy Policy Licensing Advertise International Editions: US / UK India
Login _ Welcome to TechSpot Why should I register? Sign up for a new account or log in here: Forgot your password? Couldn't sign you in, please try again. Social Sharing Find TechSpot on... Facebook Google+ Twitter YouTube Subscribe to TechSpot RSS Get our weekly newsletter Search TechSpot Trending Hardware The Web Culture Mobile Gaming Apple Microsoft Google Reviews Outstanding Laptops Graphics Smartphones CPUs Storage Cases Keyboard & Mice Features Must Reads PC Buying Guide Hardware Software Gaming Tips & Tricks Best Of Downloads Latest Downloads Popular Apps Editors Picks Device Drivers Product Finder New Releases New PC Games Laptops Smartphones Routers Storage Motherboards Monitors Forums Community Activity Today's Posts Google Software Google makes Chrome up to 15% faster on Windows, could relocate search bar in Chrome for Android By Jose Vilches on Nov 1, 2016, 12:00 PM TechSpot Google has been working hard to keep its ubiquitous Chrome browser as lean and fast as possible. Just last month it shared some upcoming enhancements that will dramatically reduce the amount of RAM used, courtesy of an updated JavaScript V8 engine in Chrome 55. While the latter is still in beta, Google today detailed other optimizations it has been quietly working on, namely implementing Microsoft's Profile Guided Optimization. The latter is a feature of Microsoft’s Visual Studio developer tools that measures how users interact with an application. The most often used functions are then optimized by PGO, sometimes increasing their binary size, and optimizing the memory location of the browser code so that those functions can be kept in the CPU’s fast instruction cache. PGO was implemented first with the Chrome 53 release of 64-bit Chrome, followed by version 54 of 32-bit Chrome. Google claims it’s seen startup times improved by 17%, new tab page load times by almost 15%, and overall page load times by 6%. You can read more about how PGO works in here. In related news, Google is currently testing a usability-focused design change in the Canary release of Chrome for Android that moves moves the search bar to the bottom of the screen. The change currently has to be manually enabled through a Chrome flag and is intended to improve one hand use for people with large smartphones. Related Reads Google wants Chrome apps on your Android and iOS devices Google reportedly folding Chrome OS into Android, but wait... Google reportedly testing a Chrome OS/Android hybrid OS, codenamed Andromeda 3 comments 38 interactions Now Read This… Google now has seven services used by more than a billion people Top password managers to lock down your security online Google Daydream VR Review Popular 16 comments The Best Smartphones: Google nails it 46 comments China says it will cut iPhone sales if Trump follows through on his trade war promise Load Comments 3 ... User Comments: 3 Got something to say? Post a comment Load all comments... Discuss 10 Adult Friend Finder parent company hacked, 412 million accounts from multiple sites exposed 27 Bethesda says 'turn down the settings' to fix Dishonored 2 performance issues 64 What do you do for work? 10 Sega's Genesis (known outside of North America as the Mega Drive) to re-enter production 26 IMDb sues California to invalidate law that prohibits site from showing actors' ages Recently commented stories Jump to forum mode Add New Comment You need to be a member to leave a comment. Join thousands of tech enthusiasts and participate. TechSpot Account Sign up for free, it takes 30 seconds. Already have an account? Login now. You may also... Main Sections Technology News Reviews Features Product Finder Downloads Drivers Community TechSpot Forums Today's Posts Ask a Question News & Comments Useful Resources Best of the Best Must Reads Trending Now Hot Downloads About TechSpot About Advertising News Archive Social & Feeds Follow TechSpot Facebook Twitter Google Plus YouTube RSS Subscribe to the TechSpot Newsletter © 2016 TechSpot, Inc. All Rights Reserved. TechSpot is a registered trademark. Terms of Use Privacy Policy Licensing Advertise International Editions: US / UK India
null
Enter your search terms Submit search form   Web www.aardvark.co.nz Aardvark Daily New Zealand's longest-running online daily news and commentary publication, now in its 21st year. The opinion pieces presented here are not purported to be fact but reasonable effort is made to ensure accuracy. Content copyright © 1995 - 2016 to Bruce Simpson (aka Aardvark), the logo was kindly created for Aardvark Daily by the folks at aardvark.co.uk Home : Commentary : Features : Sci-Tech News : Feedback : Follow Me on G+ : Forums : Contact : REPUBLISHING : Please visit the sponsor! Don't ya love technology 2 November 2016 Right now I'm running around like a blue-arsed fly, trying to get a computer set up to take part in a Google Hangout discussion on drones, UAVs, RPAS or whatever you want to call them. Sadly, after the giant stuff up that was Google Plus, and the way it was forced upon those of us who use YouTube, I still have a wildly disjointed array of different Google logins which do not cooperate well together. I can't seem to get multiple YouTube channels to cooperate under a single Google login and when I use my G+ account it seems to throw me out of YouTube in a most unceremonious way -- requiring a torturous series of re-logins and authentications to get back to work. So, simply logging into my existing G+ account to use a hangout on my laptop was not even worth contemplating, given the disruption it would inflict on the machines I use to make and post my videos. So, out of sheer necessity, I had to create (yet) another Google account, solely for the purpose of using Google's online video conferencing system known as "Hangouts". I've given it a quick test and it "seems" to work but I guess I'll know for sure when I go online and try to participate in the conference. Okay, yes, I'm pretty annoyed that I've ended up with such a dog's-breakfast of logins and accounts (thank you Google for that) but I am impressed at just what today's internet technology does eventually deliver. I'll be connecting with a group of professionals (lawyers, pilots, industry commentators) from around the world via this video conference and the resulting video will be live-streamed through YouTube. What's more, once it's over, the archive of that conference will remain online for huge numbers (perhaps dozens) of people to view for all posterity. And how much would you pay for this fantastic service? Well aside from the fact that you must prostitute your privacy to Google before they'll give you access, it's all free. Once again (as I have done so often before in this column), I recall the days when, as a child, a "toll call" was something that struck awe into the heart of a young lad. Such a long-distance conversation was incredibly expensive and involved calling the operator who would place the call for you (this was before STD). The cost of such a luxury was probably (in today's terms) several dollars a minute -- so every minute was seen as an obscene display of affluence. I don't think I ever witnessed an *international* toll call in the years before STD became the norm and even after that, such things were so expensive as to be an incredible rarity. Yet, just a few decades later, here I am chatting to folk from Europe, the USA, South Africa, Australia and other places around the world -- not only by voice but also via video -- all for just the cost of my monthly internet bill. Yes, I truly love technology - except my tangled (ever-increasing) mess of Google accounts. Damn you to hell and back Google! Please visit the sponsor! Have your say in the Aardvark Forums. PERMALINK to this column Rank This Aardvark Page   Change Font   Aardvark feeds RSS-XML Feed Javascript Audio Aardvark Podcast NatRad stream NewsTalk ZB Mates' websites Tokoroa Welding UAV Aerospace DPT.co.nz RCModelReviews No-diet weight loss   Features: Beware The Alternative Energy Scammers The Great "Run Your Car On Water" Scam   The Missile Man book Recent Columns Is COTE to blame for our quakes? I've been in New Zealand for a very long time and during that time I've felt a small number of earthquakes... Uh Oh, am I in trouble (again)? Most readers know about the history of my DIY cruise missile and the trouble that created well over a decade ago... The day the Earth stood still When the Brits voted to leave Europe the world stopped spinning on its axis for just a moment... Sorry sir, that engine is against the law! There's nothing more exciting in the world of science, than something which appears to violate the known laws of physics... Huge benefits, huge risks Yesterday I mooted the prospect that pretty soon, virtually all of our financial transactions will be electronic and that "money" as such, will be limited to coins of a very low denomination... Nek Minute I was watching a few YouTube videos yesterday, while waiting for some video rendering to finish on another computer, and I think I caught a glimpse of the future... The day the news died Regular readers will know that for a long time I have complained about the quality of journalism in this country... The world's most dangerous appliance? After a rather extended delay, a man in a van finally rolled up with my new Samsung washing machine yesterday... Don't ya love technology Right now I'm running around like a blue-arsed fly, trying to get a computer set up to take part in a Google Hangout discussion on drones, UAVs, RPAS or whatever you want to call them... Making solar sexy Solar panels and PV generation on a domestic scale have been around for a long time now... The danger of health and safety As some will know, I have, for over a decade, been something of an unpaid, unofficial caretaker for the Tokoroa Airfield... Content © 1995-2016, Bruce Simpson/Aardvark, all rights reserved. Privacy Policy
Myce.com Latest Updates Myce.com Home News Reviews Forum About Contact Home News Reviews Forum About Contact 0 0 0 Go Register Log In Netac N580 m.2 SSD review Toshiba HK4E SATA 1600GB Enterprise SSD Review Samsung 960 Pro M.2 NVMe 1TB SSD Review Toshiba Canvio Connect II 3TB USB 3.0 Hard Drive Toshiba OCZ VX500 512GB SSD Review Crucial Ballistix Elite 3000MHz and 3200MHz DDR4 RAM review Crucial Ballistix Tactical DDR4 RAM review Corsair Neutron XTi 480GB SSD Review Toshiba Canvio for Desktop 6TB USB 3.0 Hard Drive Micron 9100 MAX 2.4TB NVMe Enterprise SSD Review – The New Performance Champion Toshiba OCZ RD400 M.2 NVMe SSD Review Kingston UV400 480GB SSD review – A budget drive Home News Google discloses zero-day in Flash, gets criticised by Microsoft for putting users at risk Posted 01 November 2016 18:31 CET by Jan Willem Aldershoff Google has publicly disclosed a leak in Windows before Microsoft was able to release a patch. The disclosure was heavily criticized but according to Google the leak is already actively exploited. Microsoft now argues that Google is putting users at risk. The leak is a so-called zero-day in Adobe Flash that allows an attacker to escape from the sandbox environment from Flash and take over the system. Google has published information about the leak online. The company did so 7 days days after it disclosed the leak to Adobe and Microsoft. Adobe quickly patched the leak but Microsoft didn’t. Therefore Google decided to go public with the vulnerability. According to the Google the decision was made based on the fact that the zero-day was known and actively exploited, although the search giant didn’t disclose by whom and in what way. Both Google and Microsoft are heavily criticized on the way they handled the issue. Google is blamed for too quickly publicizing the vulnerability while Microsoft should have closed the leak faster, certainly because the company was aware that the vulnerability was actively abused. Google has a responsible disclosure policy which states that it will go public with a leak after 7 days .The 7 days is seen by others as a very short timeframe to patch a vulnerability. On the other hand, Microsoft is seen as too slow in patching the leak. The company hasn’t stated within the 7 days that it is working on a fix, or even plans to roll it out to its users. Microsoft has stated to Venturebeat, “We believe in coordinated vulnerability disclosure, and today’s disclosure by Google puts customers at potential risk”. The company has stated anything about fix in the same statement. Related Forum: Latest News Headlines Related Tags: microsoft google security Adobe releases emergency patch for actively exploited vulnerability in Flash Player Lexar S45 64GB USB3.0 flash drive review Adobe fixes 25 vulnerabilities in Flash Player – including 1 zero-day leak Cookie Policy MJPollard MyCE Member Posted on: 01 Nov 16 17:53 Google's fault? Mule muffins! Adobe patched the issue quickly; Microsoft sat on their hands. They could have fixed it and sent out a patch ASAP, but they'd rather play their little games and point fingers at everyone else. Guess it must be a day ending in "Y"... 3 Agree coolcolors MyCE Resident Posted on: 01 Nov 16 17:55 Quote: Originally Posted by MJPollard Google's fault? Mule muffins! Adobe patched the issue quickly; Microsoft sat on their hands. They could have fixed it and sent out a patch ASAP, but they'd rather play their little games and point fingers at everyone else. Guess it must be a day ending in "Y"... eh..... 0 Agree TSJnachos117 MyCE Resident Posted on: 01 Nov 16 18:53 Quote: We believe in coordinated vulnerability disclosure, and today’s disclosure by Google puts customers at potential risk. Does "coordinated vulnerability disclosure" mean everyone has to ask Microsoft's permission to warn the public of security issues? "coordinated disclosure" of anything to me sounds an awful lot like an excuse for censorship. As for Google, if they had made specific examples of the exploit being used, that would have been helpful. If example.com was using Flash Player to breach users' security (I doubt they are), and Google had disclosed this information, people would then know to stay away from example.com. However, since Google has not told us who is using this exploit, it's possible that Google straight-up lied about this, perhaps to avoid criticism regarding their 7-day policy. 0 Agree Register Login Register to Myce.com Register in 10 seconds, pick a username, enter your mail address and proof you're human, that's all! Username required An username is required and can only contain letters and numbers E-mail required Email is required, we'll send the password there Create account Welcome back Sign in with your Myce account. Not a member yet? Create an account Username A username is required and can only contain letters and numbers Password A password is required Login Post your comment Your message: Post comment Hot Threads AVS to DVD aborts near end of project.rim rim, last post: gonca 22 Win7 or Win10gonca, last post: Albert 8 Advise on power supply (and maybe more) requiredgonca, last post: gonca 10 Microsoft: Windows 10 PCs 58% less likely to encounter ransomware than Windows 7 PCsDoMiN8ToR, last post: coolcolors 6 Lite-On iHAS122-Fjadburner, last post: jadburner 4 You've got to read this! Kaspersky Lab files complaint against Microsoft for giving unfair advantage to Windows Defender Thu 10 Nov 07:11 by DoMiN8ToR Russian antivirus vendor Kaspersky Lab has asked antitrust regulators in various coun... ExpressVPN: is its claim of being the fastest VPN on earth correct? Fri 11 Nov 05:11 by DoMiN8ToR In this review we're going to look at the service provided by VPN provider ExpressVPN... New Google Safe Browsing website allows users to report phising sites and malware Fri 11 Nov 07:11 by DoMiN8ToR Google has launched a new Safe Browsing website where users can easily report phishing sit... Google gets tough on websites that repeatedly contain malcious content Wed 9 Nov 06:11 by DoMiN8ToR Google will start to mark websites that repeatedly contain harmful content, the search gia... Intel to follow up low cost 600p NVMe SSD series with 610p series in 2017 Tue 8 Nov 08:11 by DoMiN8ToR Intel is planning to launch a successor to its low cost 600p series PCIe SSDs, the 610p. T... Latest Comments Quote: Originally Posted by... I just after watching a TV programme on cyber security that mentioned just... ? And do frequent backups of your documents to storage not normally... I'm sure Windows 10 would have 90% fewer if it blocked script file... And don't we all place so much reliance on Microsoft's word about security. Well, it would largely depend and I know people on XP more secure than the... Quote: Originally Posted by... Quote: Originally Posted by... What's going on? gonca added a forum post to AVS to DVD aborts near end of project. gonca started new forum thread New build--some opinions and suggestions wanted coolcolors added a forum post to Microsoft: Windows 10 PCs 58% less likely to encounter ransomware than Windows 7 PCs beef barley added a forum post to RIP Leonard Cohen gonca added a forum post to Advise on power supply (and maybe more) required Myce.com settings Several settings at Myce.com can be changed, they are stored in cookies, which means they will be reset if you clear Myce.com cookies Background Change the background to a plain color or trianglified image (similar to the default image) None / Default White Black Grey Artic Blue Indian Summer Gorgeous Green Salmon On Fire Purple Rain Grey Pink Baby No tracking features At Myce most social media feature are done server side and impose no privacy risk to the visitor when not used. Several features use Javascript with you can turn off here Remove Facebook / Google Plus tracking Remove advertisements Layout Switch to the List layout for an index with chronologycally listed news items or Grid layout for a block based layout. To see the change you need to reload the page Grid(default) List Submit Back to default × Content News Reviews Forum Hardware Forums SSD and HDD Blu-ray Burners General Hardware Blank Media Memory Cards Software Forums Video Edit Burning Software Movie Copy Windows 10 Android Legal Privacy policy Terms Cookie policy About About Brand & Award guidelines Advertising Contact Powered by Philaeum Wetboeken.online Follow us
Skip to main content Sign In Log Out TV TV Recaps Movies Music Books Gaming Video The Walking Dead Westworld Quantico Once Upon a Time The Real Housewives of New Jersey The Real Housewives of Atlanta See All Recaps Shop Newsletter EW PopFest Nick Jonas, Janelle Monae, James Corden and more at EW's ultimate pop culture festival. Get Tickets SUBSCRIBE Get 1 year for $25 Save 86% off the cover price! SUBSCRIBE More Great Stuff EW Popfest Fall TV Preview Hulu Hot List Jess Cagle Interview Celeb Blogs Stage Follow EW EW on Facebook EW on Twitter EW on Tumblr EW on Instagram About EW Contact Us Customer Service About Us Jobs at Time Inc. Advertise Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Ad Choices Newsletters Subscribe Terms of Service Site Map Copyright @2015 Entertainment Weekly Inc. All rights reserved. Login Log out TV TV Recaps Movies Music Books Gaming Video More... TV This Week's Cover: CW superheroe... Movies 'Beauty and the Beast': See 9 En... News EW PopFest: See the Photos Rank Your Top 20 SuperHeroes TV 'Gilmore Girls': A Binge Guide... TV Celebrities Getting Out the Vote Movies All in the Family: 15 Actors Who... TV The 20 Greatest TV Couples of Al... News Michelle Obama’s 10 Best Pop Cul... TV 'This Is Us': Before They Were... Music Every U2 Album, Ranked TV The Evolution of 'Modern Family' Movies Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie Thr... TV 22 holiday movies Hallmark is pr... Movies Paul Walker Through The Years News Election 2016: See Celebrities'... Movies See the Voices Behind Your Favor... TV John Oliver's Best Takedowns of... Movies 10 Movies to See Before 2017 TV 9 of the Best 'Wheel of Fortune'... Movies Fantastic Beasts and Google team to explore Newt Scamander’s wizarding world by Jessica Derschowitz • @jessicasara Share Tweet Share on Google+ Share on Pinterest Share on Tumblr Share Tweet Share on Google+ Share on Pinterest Share on Tumblr (Jaap Buitendijk) Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them (film) Posted November 1 2016 — 3:17 PM EDT See also WATCH: 'Fantastic Beasts' stars tease Newt and Tina relationship WATCH: Eddie Redmayne took wand notes from original 'Potter' stars Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them has been found thanks to Google. The tech giant and Warner Bros. have teamed up to unveil a slew of features that let internet witches and wizards explore this new facet of J.K. Rowling’s wizarding universe, including the 1926 New York City setting where Fantastic Beasts takes place and Newt Scamander (Eddie Redmayne) arrives with his case full of magical creatures. On Google Maps, users can search for (and inside) locations like the magical speakeasy called the Blind Pig, the headquarters of the Magical Congress of the United States of America (MACUSA), and the apartment shared by sisters Tina and Queenie Goldstein (played by Katherine Waterston and Alison Sudol).   For those with Android devices, there are also ways to cast “spells” by saying “Ok Google” followed by “Lumos” and “Nox” to turn the phone’s flashlight on and off, and “Silencio” to silence the ringer and notifications. Google’s announcement also says its new Daydream View virtual reality headset will allow fans to explore the magic of Newt’s case, and teased content inspired by the wizarding world that will come from YouTube creators beginning Tuesday. To see where the magic happens, visit g.co/fantasticbeasts. Fantastic Beasts opens in theaters on Nov. 18. Share Tweet Share on Google+ Share on Pinterest Share on Tumblr Top Stories 'Series of Unfortunate Events': Lemony Snicket posts pics of two characters 'Teen Wolf' final season title sequence pays homage to old villains Obama declines to comment on controversial Stephen Bannon hire Julie Chen talks 'Big Brother: OTT' double eviction NBC's Pete Williams chokes up while announcing Gwen Ifill's death 'Hidden Figures' early reactions: Taraji P. Henson storms Oscar race Search for perfect skin turns nasty in disturbing 'Replace' trailer Photo Galleries 13 of The Best 'Bernie Mac Show' Guest Stars The Finest Kings and Queens of Television See 'Harry Potter' Stars' Life Beyond Hogwarts This Is What the 1951 'An American in Paris' Premiere Looked Like 42 Photos of Leonardo DiCaprio For His 42nd Birthday ‘Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them': See the Premiere Photos All In The Family: Inside DC’s Ultimate Superhero Crossover From Our Partners From Our Partners Contact Us Customer Service About Us Jobs at Time Inc. Advertise Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Ad Choices Newsletters Subscribe Terms of Service Site Map Copyright © 2016 Entertainment Weekly Inc. All rights reserved.
null
SiliconValley.com Twitter Facebook Google+ RSS   Social Web Mobile Cloud Gadgets Cleantech VC Data Games Policy Media   On topic: Tech news to know now By Levi Sumagaysay / November 1, 2016 at 11:31 AM Here’s what’s on the Tuesday menu. Google discloses Windows 10 vulnerability before Microsoft can patch it, and Microsoft isn’t happy about it. (Google blog post; BBC) Female executives left Yahoo at a high rate during layoffs and acquisition talk, according to the company’s diversity report, which was released Monday. (Reuters) NASA advisory group raises concerns about SpaceX’s rocket-fueling plans. (WSJ) Instagram testing shopping tools by letting brands tag products in their photos. (Bloomberg) ICYMI: GIF site Giphy is now valued at $600 million after raising a $72 million round from Draper Fisher and others. (WSJ) And in case you were worried, there’s a strong White House transition plan in place — for the Twitter accounts of POTUS and other online accounts. (White House blog post) Worldwide tablet market continues its slump. (IDC)   Photo: Yahoo CEO Marissa Mayer in February 2016. The company’s latest diversity report shows a high rate of female executive departures after the Sunnyvale company put itself up for sale earlier this year. (Eric Risberg/AP) Share this: Email Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Reddit Google More Pinterest Tumblr     More Posts in GMSV On topic: Tech news to know now November 14, 2016   Off topic: National historical landmarks, cocktails, North Carolina places, coastlines November 14, 2016   On topic: Tech news to know now November 11, 2016       Share this Post Tweet           About SiliconBeat Sign up for the Good Morning Silicon Valley newsletter GMSV     Tweets from @siliconbeat/siliconbeat   Popular Posts Is activist investor Starboard looking to run at Hewlett… Petition for electoral college coup against Trump gets more… Surveillance, encryption concerns in the wake of Donald… Social media and the election through the eyes of Donald… Grubhub CEO faces backlash for anti-Trump message to…     Archives Archives Select Month November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 March 2009 February 2009 January 2009 December 2008 November 2008 October 2008 September 2008 August 2008 July 2008 June 2008 May 2008 April 2008 March 2008 February 2008 January 2008 December 2007 November 2007 October 2007 September 2007 August 2007 July 2007 June 2007 May 2007 April 2007 March 2007 February 2007 January 2007 December 2006 November 2006 October 2006 September 2006 August 2006 July 2006 June 2006 May 2006 April 2006 March 2006 February 2006 January 2006 December 2005 November 2005 October 2005 September 2005 August 2005 July 2005 June 2005 May 2005 April 2005 March 2005 February 2005   Related Feeds 60-Second Business Break Green Energy News Opinion Personal Tech Venture Capital                       Education WordPress Theme by Copyright © 2016 Bay Area News Group. All Rights Reserved   Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Home Reviews Phones Tablets Apps Devices Deals Tip Us Search Android Community Home Reviews Phones Tablets Apps Devices Deals Tip Us Google ready to combat spam and fraud with improved filter, detection system By R Padla - November 1, 2016 0 Share on Facebook Tweet on Twitter Google will only continue to improve its numerous products and services. It has already ventured into the hardware business by unveiling the Pixel series, Google Home, and the OnHub Router. It may be just a start for the company but when it comes to the software game, it already knows what it’s doing. It wouldn’t be called the search giant and be one of the top tech companies today if it doesn’t know what it’s doing. The most recent step it’s making to ensure consumers are provided quality service is a series of improvements on the Play Store. Some updates have just rolled out by Google for the Play Store in order to fight those fraud and spam installs. The company has always been serious with going against spam and fraud but geeks have become smarter and more sophisticated than ever. Google said that it’s doing such enhancements to ensure integrity of the Play Store. Quality in search and discovery is always the goal so apps are being checked regularly for possible incentivized ratings, fake reviews, and fraudulent installs. According to Google, those strategies are clear violations of the Google Play Developer Policy. Google has released better filtering and detection system for those kinds of manipulation that is harmful to everyone in the Android community. This isn’t just to avoid viruses from spreading but to make sure that only authentic and accurate information are being shared and used. Once Google detects a dubious app, it will be flagged and filtered. If a developer keeps on adding such, they could be banned from the Google Play Store. So if you’re a developer, make sure your practices are legitimate. Don’t cheat. Don’t ask people to give you fake reviews. Google is smart enough to know if you’re authentic or not. SOURCE: Google Story Timeline App streaming live for some games on Google Play Store Google seems to be playing around with Play Store UI Google releases Wallpapers, Pixel Launcher on the Play Store Android Wear 2.0 to allow direct Play Store install on your smartwatch Google sends Play Store credits to compensate for the Pixel delay TAGS Android Apps Google Google Play Store Must Read Google Home Review: Feeling at home with Google Assistant This is the Huawei Mate 9 and its Porsche Design twin Huawei Fit hands-on: fitness tracker in smartwatch clothing Stay Connected 883,798FansLike 136,403FollowersFollow 102,861FollowersFollow 469,000FollowersFollow 59,238SubscribersSubscribe About Contact Terms of Use Privacy Policy Advertise © 2016 Android Community - Part of R3 Media LLC
null
Search Search for... Podcast Forums Premium HTML & CSS JavaScript PHP Ruby Mobile Design & UX Entrepreneur Web WordPress Java Web Dev @ Microsoft SEO By WooRank × HTML & CSS JavaScript PHP Ruby Mobile Design & UX Entrepreneur Web WordPress Java Web Dev @ Microsoft SEO By WooRank Podcast Books Courses Screencasts Newsletters Versioning Forums Advertise Contribute Contact Us Our Story 995k Subscribers 132k Followers 80k Followers Programming Article There Are More Virtual Reality Headsets Than You Realize! By Patrick Catanzariti October 31, 2016 Virtual reality (VR) is a bit of a hot topic at the moment! I spend a lot of time putting together a weekly newsletter all about emerging tech news like virtual reality, talking about VR at events, showing people the possibilities of VR, teaching people to build VR experiences and more. There are a lot of VR thoughts flooding this brain of mine! Throughout all that, I’ve come across plenty of virtual reality headsets and thought I’d share something that not a lot of people out there realize — there are many more VR headsets out there than you think… and even more on the way! Here’s a look at my favorites, starting with the more commonly known ones! Oculus Rift The Oculus Rift Consumer Edition headset The Oculus Rift is the VR headset that started the whole VR trend once again! Even this headset has been around for longer than a lot of people realize. It has had several developer iterations, including the Oculus Rift Development Kit 1 (DK1) released in 2013 for their Kickstarter backers and the higher resolution Oculus Rift Development Kit 2 (DK2) released in 2014, before finally releasing the Oculus Rift Consumer Edition in 2016 to many eager VR adopters around the world. There were other unreleased prototypes of the Rift in between as well, but to keep things simple, we’ll stick with the ones released to developers! The Rift itself works by being connected to a PC. It currently no longer supports Mac OS. To be honest, I don’t think any of the VR headsets that will be mentioned in this article work with Mac OS. VR apps can be installed via the Oculus Store. What’s the Rift capable of in comparison to other headsets? Here’s a simplified list of features which I’ll use across all currently available headsets I mention in this piece: Resolution: 1080×1200 for each eye. Field of view: 110° Display tech: One OLED screen for each eye. Refresh rate: 90 Hz Headphones: Integrated into the headset. Seated/standing or room-scale: Most experiences are seated or standing. Extra sensors can be purchased soon (announced in October 2016) that will allow for the ability to walk around a space, however I’m not sure how many Rift games have been built for that. Largely, Oculus have been focused on VR experiences you can have standing/sitting in one place. Controllers: Oculus Touch handheld controllers available to order since October 2016. HTC Vive The HTC Vive headset with its Lighthouse sensors and controllers The HTC Vive isn’t quite as well known outside of the tech and gaming community but it’s growing in momentum that is well deserved! The Vive is a partnership between HTC and Valve, which was officially revealed in March 2015. My favorite thing about the Vive is that it comes with “Lighthouse sensors” to allow you to walk around an area of a maximum of 15×15 feet. This ability to walk around is known as “room-scale”. It also comes with two handheld controllers. Because of this, a large amount of the Vive VR apps and games out there work wonderfully with full immersion — you can walk around an experience, look at it from different angles and interact with it using both hand controllers. One of my favorite VR applications, Tilt Brush, lets you draw in 3D space. You can literally draw an environment around you, look at it from all angles and (with one of the latest updates) have it react to music! It is fantastic. Just like the Rift, the Vive works by being connected to a PC. HTC Vive games and VR experiences can be purchased from Steam or the Vive’s own store called Viveport. Steam’s VR experiences can also be played on other VR headsets, depending on the app’s requirements (if it requires Vive controllers, for example, then the app won’t likely be compatible). Resolution: 1080×1200 for each eye. Field of view: 110° Display tech: One OLED screen for each eye. Refresh rate: 90 Hz Headphones: Requires external headphones to be plugged in. Seated/standing or room-scale: The Vive is known especially for its room-scale capabilities! Controllers: The Vive comes with two handheld controllers. Sony PlayStation VR The PlayStation VR headset with Move Controllers and the PlayStation Camera Many people out there don’t know this is coming, but by Christmas, virtual reality is going to be in a lot of homes around the world. It works by connecting up to the PlayStation 4 and has its own slightly less advanced controllers. It is priced cheaper than the above two headsets but isn’t quite as fully featured. From the sounds of it though, the games on their way for this platform just might make up for its slightly less impressive specs. Sony has a lot of partners in the game development industry. Upcoming titles like Batman: Arkham VR and Resident Evil 7 in VR sound like they’ll be a lot of fun! Each game will have a different level of VR compatibility, different controller requirements… etc, which will be listed on each game box. Resolution: 960×1080 for each eye. Field of view: 100° Display tech: One OLED screen split in two for each eye. Refresh rate: Can switch between 120Hz and 90 Hz. Headphones: Requires external headphones to be plugged in. Seated/standing or room-scale: Sony recommends people sit for the majority of their VR experience. There is no capability for walking around like the room-scale of the Vive. Controllers: Games may use the typical PlayStation controllers, or you can purchase one or two PlayStation Move controllers separately. They also come in a bundle with the headset. A “PS Aim Controller” is also on the way for first-person shooting games. Google Cardboard The latest Google Cardboard headset The Google Cardboard headset is a portable headset that originally was indeed made of cardboard! Of all the VR headsets, this is the one most people who I’ve come across have tried. Rather than the headset itself doing very much, it is a container for a smartphone that runs the applications. Each VR application displays two images, one for each eye, in a splitscreen view. Those views are looked at through lenses in the Cardboard headset. These are the cheapest and easiest way to try out VR as they originally cost around $20 and can now be even cheaper! There are plenty of stores out there who have been selling relatively inexpensive Google Cardboard-compatible headsets including Aldi, Lincraft, Tesco, Walmart and Costco. This list alone could have been three times as long if I included every Google Cardboard-style headset out there today! Google Cardboard apps can be found in the Google Play store, and WebVR experiences (VR running in the smartphone browser) also are quite easy to try out on the Google Cardboard. Resolution: Depends on the smartphone you have! Field of view: 90° Headphones: Requires external headphones to be plugged in or for the phone’s volume to be turned up. Some Cardboard style headsets provide an opening to reach the headphone jack on a phone, many do not though. Seated/standing or room-scale: Seated or standing, there’s no way to move around though! Controllers: Some have a button on the side that can trigger actions, however, this has been phased out on later Google Cardboard headsets. Google Daydream View The Google Daydream View headset The Google Daydream View is Google’s successor to the Google Cardboard headset and only works with newer Daydream-compatible smartphones. Daydream is a platform for VR that will be built into Android 7.1. Google tells smartphone manufacturers what software and hardware needs to be on the phone for it to be compatible. The Daydream VR headsets will be available later this month (November 2016 for those reading this a few months into the future!). Other manufacturers can make their own Daydream-compatible headsets too, however, the “Daydream View” headset is the first official one from Google and is made out of a lightweight cloth material that I’ve heard is one of the most comfortable materials any VR headset has ever been made out of. Resolution: Depends on the smartphone you have! Field of view: Details don’t appear to have been released yet. Headphones: Requires external headphones to be plugged in. Pictures of the headset look to have the headphone jack available for people to do so. Seated/standing or room-scale: Same as the Cardboard at the moment. Controllers: The Daydream View headset comes with a single wireless controller that should be standard in design across all Daydream headsets. Samsung Gear VR The second Consumer Edition Gear VR headset The Gear VR headset is a partnership between Samsung and Oculus to make a mobile VR headset that works similar to the Google Cardboard headset, however the Gear VR headset also provides additional tracking of the headset’s position, allowing it to be more accurate than a smartphone can be on its own. There have been a range of versions of this headset too — two “Innovator Edition” headsets and two “Consumer Edition” headsets. The headsets only work with specific Samsung smartphones. The first “Innovator Edition” one in 2014 was only compatible with the Samsung Galaxy Note 4. The more recent “Consumer Edition” headsets are compatible with the S6, S6 edge, Note 5, S7, and S7 edge. With the safety concerns of the Note 7, the Gear VR disables the use of this phone in the headset. If you still own one a Note 7 though… you really should return it. The Gear VR has had a good level of success in getting quality VR applications onto its platform. Many live streaming VR events have been exclusive to Gear VR. It has also been distributed to many households, as many people received one for free when purchasing a Samsung smartphone. Resolution: 1280×1440 for each eye. Field of view: Earlier versions had 96° field of view, the latest 2016 model has a 101° field of view. Headphones: Requires external headphones to be plugged in. Seated/standing or room-scale: Same as the Cardboard at the moment. Controllers: It provides buttons on the side of the headset itself. OSVR The Razer OSVR HDK 2 OSVR stands for Open-Source Virtual Reality, and it is just that! It is an attempt to create “a universal open source VR ecosystem for technologies across different brands and companies” and was co-founded by Sensics and Razer. Their aim is to get VR to be the same sort of open ecosystem as the PC ecosystem, where you can plug and play a range of different headsets and controllers… etc. Its first headset (the HDK 1) was released in 2015 with its latest headset (the HDK 2) released this year (2016). In terms of the latest HDK 2, here’s what it’s capable of: Resolution: 1200×1080 for each eye. Field of view: 100° Display tech: One OLED screen split in two for each eye. Refresh rate: 90 Hz Headphones: Requires external headphones to be plugged in. Seated/standing or room-scale: Seated/standing only. Controllers: No controllers as of yet. Mattel View-Master The First View-Master VR headset This is a Google Cardboard-based headset, but I have listed it separately as it is already a product available for purchase in stores today and has its own ecosystem of VR experiences! Children already have these headsets and are surely eager for more content. VR developers — there’s an opportunity there! Resolution: Depends on the smartphone you have! Field of view: 90° (same as Cardboard) Headphones: Headphones don’t fit in the current version but an upcoming version may have access to the headphone jack. Seated/standing or room-scale: Seated or standing, there’s no way to move around, just like with Cardboard. Controllers: The View-Master has a button on the side which is actually quite reliable. Pico Neo The Pico Neo headset The Pico is a bit of a hybrid between Oculus and Google Cardboard. The headset contains a chip that is shared by smartphones and runs Android 6.0, so rather than putting a smartphone into it, the headset has processing power that is similar to a smartphone. It can work untethered to a PC but can also connect to a PC for more experiences. Resolution: 1200×1080 for each eye. Field of view: 102° Display tech: One AMOLED screen for each eye. Refresh rate: 90 Hz Headphones: It has a headphone jack for you to plug in your own headphones. Controllers: A D-Pad style controller can be used and it also has controllers available that look very much like the PlayStation Move controllers, along with a PlayStation camera-style set up. Dlodlo The Dlodlo V1 Headset The rather strangely named VR company in China is definitely not one that most VR enthusiasts have even heard of! Their Dlodlo Glass H1 headset (I’m told it is pronounced “dodo”) was very much like a Gear VR, requiring a smartphone but including sensors to improve tracking within the headset. The Dlodlo V1 however, is much more fascinating in its design. It looks like a slightly chunky pair of sunglasses (it is 16mm thick) and weighs only 88g. In order to run it, you can connect it to a PC via a cable or via a smartphone. From what I’ve heard, there can be a lot of light that seeps into your view with these (which is understandable but isn’t ideal for VR) and that the glasses aren’t quite as stable on your head (as they aren’t strapped around your face). Even still, the advantages could outweigh the downsides, as you do end up with a relatively portable VR headset! Resolution: 1200×1200 for each eye. Field of view: 105° Display tech: One custom LCD screen for each eye. Refresh rate: 90 Hz Headphones: My guess is that you can plug in your headphones to your smartphone. They also have a pair of wireless headphones mentioned in their Kickstarter. Controllers: No controllers mentioned just yet. However, their FAQ on their Kickstarter page mentions they are “not too far off from releasing gesture recognition and spatial positioning functions to advance the immersive experience of the D1 and V1.” There Are Plenty More Headsets To Come! Sharp Prototype A close up of the Sharp prototype’s display (Photo credit: Geek.com) Sharp has a prototype that has a display of 1920 x 2160 for each eye — above and beyond all existing VR headsets we’ve mentioned! However, that high 4K resolution would require top of the line PC setups to work! HP, Dell, Lenovo, Asus and Acer Have a Partnership With Microsoft Image Source: UploadVR HP, Dell, Lenovo, Asus and Acer are all working on tethered VR headsets for your PC in a partnership with Microsoft that was announced just last week. The most exciting thing about these headsets is that Microsoft has licenced their “inside-out” tracking from the HoloLens to track the headset’s orientation in a space — without needing any external sensors like the Rift and Vive do. Not only that, but the headsets will start at a cheaper price of $299. VaiaVR This is an upcoming endeavour to produce a mobile room-scale VR experience that will be compatible with SteamVR titles — like the Vive but without the cords and Lighthouse sensors. It is still early days but it’s an exciting prototype! According to VRFocus, “Dacuda’s 6-DOF tracker uses the phone’s built-in camera to determine head position and rotation more than 60 times per second”. FOVE The latest FOVE VR headset design This one is coming incredibly soon, with pre-orders opening this week! The FOVE headset is exciting as it contains eye-tracking, which means the headset can tell where your eyes are looking. You could theoretically direct the experience with your gaze. This also allows for a technique called “foveated rendering” which renders higher quality textures and content where you are looking, while keeping the rest lower quality. Snapdragon VR820 Reference Platform The Snapdragon VR820 Reference design Qualcomm creates reference designs for smartphones that other manufacturers use as guides for their own, and in a sign of the times, they also put together a reference design for a VR headset. It also has eye-tracking, just like FOVE and a pair of AMOLED displays at resolutions up to 1440×1440 pixels each. It also has external forward facing cameras to allow simple augmented reality experiences and possibly additional tracking (similar to Microsoft’s concept above). Just as with the HP, Dell, Lenovo, Asus and Acer VR headsets that are on their way with Microsoft’s reference platform, the Snapdragon VR820 reference platform is likely to lead towards a range of smartphone manufacturers also building their own VR headsets. We’ll have plenty of virtual reality headsets very soon! Intel Project Alloy Intel’s Project Alloy headset In August 2016, Intel also announced their own all-in-one virtual reality solution that uses Intel RealSense technology to prevent the need for any other sensors. Their RealSense cameras on the headset may be used to bring your hands into the VR experience and also to prevent you walking into walls or objects around you. The headset itself is a self-contained headset with computing power all on its own, so there’ll be no cords to attach to your PC. It is also a set of technologies that other headset manufacturers may also licence, like the previous two. More from this author Forecasting the Weather with Your Raspberry Pi and Bluemix Front-End Development in an Internet of Things World Conclusion There are an incredible number of virtual reality headsets already out there today, much more than people realise! It isn’t just the well known Google Cardboard, Gear VR, Oculus Rift and HTC Vive! Not only that, but there are even more on the way in the coming months and years. Virtual reality is an area of so much exciting potential, with improved tracking (especially “inside-out” tracking that doesn’t require external sensors!) and eye tracking, which will transform the capabilities of the medium in new ways. If you don’t already have a virtual reality headset, or if you still have yet to try VR at all, you have plenty of options! More: Emerging Tech, virtual reality, VR, VR headsets Meet the author Patrick Catanzariti PatCat is the founder of Dev Diner, a site helping developers navigate the world of emerging tech. He is a SitePoint editor for the HTML/CSS Channel and a contributing editor for emerging tech such as the Internet of Things, virtual/augmented reality and more. He is an instructor at SitePoint Premium and O'Reilly, a Meta Pioneer and freelance web developer who loves every opportunity to tinker with something new in a tech demo. Latest Courses Browse all 68 courses 3h 8m Premium Course Isaac Castillo Laravel 5 Get started with Laravel 5h 37m Premium Course Adam Rasheed User Interface Design with Sketch 4 Create your next web project with Sketch 1h 1m Premium Course Darin Haener Diving into ES2015 Get ahead of the curve with ES2015 Premium Course 3h 8m Premium Course Isaac Castillo, a day ago Laravel 5 Premium Course 5h 37m Premium Course Adam Rasheed, Sep 22 User Interface Design with Sketch 4 Premium Course 1h 1m Premium Course Darin Haener, Jun 09 Diving into ES2015 Latest Books Browse all 85 books Premium Book Glenn Goodrich Rails: Novice to Ninja The ultimate beginner's guide to Rails! Premium Book Jessica Enders Designing UX: Forms Design forms that won't drive users crazy Premium Book Bootstrap: A SitePoint Anthology #1 Dive into the the popular front-end framework with this 106 page anthology! Premium Book Premium Book Glenn Goodrich, Oct 31 Rails: Novice to Ninja Premium Book Premium Book Jessica Enders, Sep 04 Designing UX: Forms Premium Book Premium Book Bootstrap: A SitePoint Anthology #1 Recommended 1 Shiny and R: How to Add Themes and Customize Error Messages 2 Developing Add-ons for Enterprise Apps like JIRA 3 Getting Started with Augmented Reality and Meta 4 What the Meta 2 Means for Augmented Reality Developers 5 Build Virtual Reality in VR with Primrose and WebVR Sponsors Because We Like You Free Ebooks! Grab SitePoint's top 10 web dev and design ebooks, completely free! Get Your Ebooks Get the latest in Front-end, once a week, for free.Subscribe About Our Story Advertise Press Room Reference Terms of Use Privacy Policy FAQ Contact Us Contribute Visit SitePoint Home Podcast Forums Newsletters Premium References Versioning Connect © 2000 – 2016 SitePoint Pty. Ltd.
Follow Geek Tech Movies Games Television Comics Culture Deals Take A Peek Inside a Robot Pizza Factory Apple May Be Planning a Bigger iPhone 8 Facebook Apologizes For Killing Everyone iFixit Tears down the PlayStation 4 pro, Deems It Highly Repairable More The Ghost in the Shell Trailer is Here and We Still Have Some Questions Miyazaki is Coming Out of Retirement Again MovieBob Reviews: ARRIVAL (2016) As Expected, the First Trailer for Valerian Looks Stunning More LGBT Gamers Unite at GaymerX East Ubisoft Might Have Teased Two Upcoming Games in Watch Dogs 2 Goodbye B Games, Hello AAArtisanal Games Best Games to Get for the PlayStation 4 Pro More Mr. Robot Creator May Have Leaked A Bit of the Show's Third Season OUAT: The Mirror Has Two Faces Westworld Just Gave Us Its Biggest Twist Yet 15 Unanswered Questions We Still Have About Twin Peaks More Meet the Newest Member of the Archie Family: Reggie Elevens on 11/11: Our Favorite Eleven Fanart 5 Series From DC Comics’ Rebirth You Should Be Reading Writer "Fearless" Fred Kennedy, Talks Love of Sci-Fi and Fourth Planet More If You Crave Fries Over Cake, You May Have A Salt Tooth By the Power of Greyskull! New Masters of the Universe Toys Announced It Turns Out Rats Are Actually Ticklish Gear Up For Final Fantasy XV With This Final Fantasy Gift Guide More Tech Microsoft Is Ticked At Google For Publicizing A Windows Security Flaw By Lee Mathews 11.01.2016 :: 1:30PM EST Stay on target Microsoft Finally Stops Selling Windows 7 and Windows 8.1 Switch Makes PS Vita 2 Viable, Portable Xbox Possible Google takes software security very, very seriously. So seriously, in fact, that they have no problem stepping on one of their main competitors’ toes when they notice something that needs fixing. Whose toes are getting stepped on? Microsoft’s, and they’re pretty unhappy about how things went down. According to the latest update on Google’s security blog, they notified both Microsoft and Adobe about vulnerabilities on October 21st. The need for a fix was urgent: Google had proof that the flaws they uncovered were already being exploited in the wild. Adobe delivered a patch for Flash in just five short days. Yes, really. They’re not the same company they used to be. They’ve made it clear time and time again that they actually give a damn about security now. Microsoft needed a bit more time, but unfortunately, that doesn’t mesh with Project Zero’s M.O. Companies have seven days to respond to a vulnerability that’s believed to be critical (like this one was). After those seven days have passed, the discovery gets publicized in the name of transparency. Well, transparency and leverage. It’s a good way to convince a company to deliver a patch. Flash is not an operating system, though, and Microsoft says they needed more time. They know what’s at stake, but they also have to consider what might happen if they quickly throw together a patch and something goes wrong. They don’t want to make things worse by getting user machines stuck in a reboot loop or unleashing a flood or blue screens. Microsoft also noted that for an attacker to be successful, both vulnerabilities had to be present on a system. If Adobe successfully delivered a patch, then, the situation might no longer be critical. Google stuck to their guns, however, and disclosed. And this isn’t the first time they put Microsoft in this position. They had made a similar disclosure about Windows 8.1 in 2015 before Microsoft had a chance to fix it. Google decided to implement a two-week grace period after Microsoft cried foul, but there are clearly some cases where they’re not willing to be flexible. Share Facebook Twitter Linkedin Pinterest Reddit Google Microsoft Security windows Speak Your Mind More in Tech 11.14.2016 :: 2:15PM EST :: Lee Mathews Tech Take A Peek Inside a Robot Pizza Factory Tech 11.14.2016 :: 12:00PM EST :: Ryan Whitwam Tech Apple May Be Planning a Bigger iPhone 8 Tech 11.12.2016 :: 11:32AM EST :: Lee Mathews Tech Facebook Apologizes For Killing Everyone Tech 11.11.2016 :: 3:00PM EST :: Ryan Whitwam Tech iFixit Tears down the PlayStation 4 pro, Deems It Highly Repairable Tech 11.11.2016 :: 11:15AM EST :: Lee Mathews Tech An Electric Vespa Is Finally In The Works Tech More subscribe to our newsletter: Subscribing to a newsletter indicates your consent to our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Miyazaki is Coming Out of Retirement Again Movies 11.14.2016 :: 6:00PM EST Mr. Robot Creator May Have Leaked A Bit of the Show's Third Season Television 11.14.2016 :: 5:15PM EST LGBT Gamers Unite at GaymerX East Games 11.14.2016 :: 4:30PM EST Star Trek Gift Guide to Fulfill All Your Starfleet Dreams Deals More © 1996-2016 Ziff Davis, LLC. PCMag Digital Group Privacy Policy Terms of Use About Contact Archives Glossary Advertise PCMag.com Extreme Tech Computer Shopper IGN Toolbox Accessibility Statement unused
Sections SEO SEM Mobile Local Retail Google Bing Social Home Submit Follow Us Follow SEO SEM Mobile Local Retail Google Bing Social More Submit Follow Us Follow Subscribe Subscribe Search Engine Land Need to know FAQ: All about the Google mobile-first index In March 2017 Google retiring Map Maker to speed up the Maps editing process Subscribe to SearchCap SUBSCRIBE SEO SEM Mobile Local Retail Google Bing Social Home SEO Everything you need to know about SEO, delivered every Thursday. SUBSCRIBE Google creates its own antitrust woes with poor communication over search listings Have an issue with your listings in Google? Getting an official answer might be tough. And when that happens to a Google competitor, as it did with ProtonMail, it could come back to harm Google's defense from antitrust charges. Danny Sullivan on November 1, 2016 at 2:59 pm More Did Google deliberately try to reduce the rankings of ProtonMail, a tiny rival to Google’s own Gmail service? Almost certainly not. Even Proton doesn’t seem to believe that. But the case highlights how Google’s problems with publisher, business and webmaster communication can hurt it as it faces challenges on antitrust grounds. What happened with Proton Proton Technologies is a Swiss-based company offering a secure, encrypted email service called ProtonMail. It might be an attractive alternative for those who worry a service like Gmail isn’t private enough, either from government requests or Google’s own ad uses. Last November, Proton noticed that they were seeing a drop in daily signups for ProtonMail. Wondering why, the company started looking into its rankings on Google and determined there was a problem. In particular, ProtonMail wasn’t showing in the top results for “secure email” or “encrypted email,” as it assumed was the case in the past. Proton then suffered a problem that’s not unique for businesses and publishers. It had no guaranteed way to get an official answer from Google if there was a problem. Google offers a wide-ranging toolset called Google Search Console that tells businesses if they have problems with their sites. Proton told Search Engine Land it even made use of the toolset. The problem is that the system doesn’t allow site publishers to contact Google if they suspect something is wrong on Google’s end. There’s no way to ask for help, unless you have received what’s called a “manual action,” a penalty placed on your site by a human being. Proton had no manual actions, it told us. Without such an option, Proton ended up using Google’s spam reporting tool earlier this year. There was no indication that Proton had been spamming Google. But it appears Proton hoped that by using the form, it might trigger a review by Google which, in turn, would uncover what the real problem was. That didn’t solve the issue. Finally, ProtonMail tweeted out for help in August to Google and to Google’s former head of web spam, Matt Cutts, who’s on leave from the company and hasn’t been involved with it for over two years. Moreover, a new head of web spam was named ages ago. Still, reaching out to a semi-former Googler seems to have done the trick. Within about a week, the problem was resolved. Exactly what happened was never explained. Enter the antitrust concerns Last week, this all drew attention it hadn’t really received before because Proton did a blog post about it, one that raised the specter that it was perhaps related to competitive issues. This incident however highlights a previously unrecognized danger that we are now calling Search Risk. The danger is that any service such as ProtonMail can easily be suppressed by either search companies, or the governments that control those search companies. The only reason we survived to tell this story is because the majority of ProtonMail’s growth comes from word of mouth, and our community is too loud to be ignored. Many other companies won’t be so fortunate. This episode illustrates that Search Risk is serious, which is why we now agree with the European Commission that given Google’s dominant position in search, more transparency and oversight is critical. Could that have really been the situation here? Unlikely competitive reasons were to blame It’s unlikely. Google has over one billion daily active Gmail users. ProtonMail has just over a million, according to its recent post. It shows no growth trajectory that’s going to cause it to rival Google even in years to come. Given all this, would Google really have actively worked to suppress it while not bothering to do the same for real email rivals? For example, Outlook ranks in the top results on Google for a popular term like email. It doesn’t make sense. Even Proton isn’t saying the issue was due to competitive reasons, with cofounder Andy Yen telling Search Engine Land via email: From the data we have, it is impossible to draw a concrete conclusion. We are willing to give Google the benefit of the doubt here and in our blog post, we aren’t drawing any conclusions in this regard. We are grateful to the individual Googlers who stepped in to fix the issue, but overall this was a very difficult and costly situation for us. We are software developers ourselves, so we know that software bugs do happen, and Google isn’t infallible either, but when Google isn’t behaving correctly, the stakes can be very high. At the end of the day, we hope that by sharing our experience, more people will become aware of Search Risk, as it is a challenge the internet community is going to have to confront. “Search Risk?” I’ll get back to that. But even with Proton thinking it could be a completely innocent technical glitch, this case will probably come back to haunt Google. In particular, it’s harmful as the European Union continues its antitrust review and actions with the company. Indeed, years ago, Google almost certainly wasn’t trying to act anti-competitively against tiny UK-based shopping search engine Foundem. But spam actions against that company were the seed for other complaints and concerns to grow. Last year’s antitrust charges levied against Google by the EU grew directly out of that. In short, Google’s can’t really afford to be making mistakes with anyone who can be deemed a competitor, because they have a big club to swing that other publishers don’t get — that of Google acting competitively. And even if Proton doesn’t swing that club, others may take its situation as an example to challenge Google. Despite glitch, Google did still send Proton traffic It’s a bit of a side-issue among the bigger issues here, but it’s worth addressing. Proton said it had a growth rate drop of 25 percent because of the Google change. However, it really has no idea how much the Google drop harmed it. This is because, as it turns out, Proton had no idea how much traffic Google was sending it before, after or even now. Proton is focused on the fact that it didn’t rank for well for a period of time for the two keywords mentioned above. Unfortunately, rank checking is a terrible way to assess how well you’re doing with Google or search engines in general. Sites are typically found for many different terms. Focusing only on some is far from the full picture. These terms might have been traffic drivers for ProtonMail or not. Proton doesn’t know directly, because the company told Search Engine Land that it’s not running any type of analytics that would show how much traffic it gets from Google or other sources. The company said it doesn’t use Google Analytics specifically because of privacy worries. It could, of course, find this type of data without using Google Analytics, such as by processing its own server logs directly. That’s much more complicated and time-consuming, but it’s an option. So where’s that 25-percent drop in growth come from? Proton emailed us this: We saw a noticeable drop in the number of daily sign ups with everything else held equal. More strikingly, after Google fixed the problem, we saw a >25% increase overnight (we changed nothing on our side). For us, this 25% was the difference between bleeding money each month and being able to break even. Keep in mind, it’s not that Google wasn’t sending Proton traffic. It’s just that the loss of ranking well for those terms, and perhaps others, caused it to get less traffic than before. That drop in traffic edged the company out of making money to breaking even. That leads to the whole “search risk” issue. Everyone has “search risk” The bottom line is that any business or publisher is at “search risk,” as Proton dubbed it in its post, where losing search visibility could jeopardize your business. It’s not a new risk. It’s one that literally goes back over 20 years, to the days when Yahoo was deemed the internet “gatekeeper” that could make or break businesses. Don’t depend on search engines, Google or otherwise. For that matter, don’t build any business on the idea that you’re going to somehow get free traffic from a source, such as Facebook, Pinterest or whatever. That should be common sense. If you’re not paying for something, you’re not guaranteed to get anything. Wise search marketers know this. Smart SEOs know you don’t want to have an overdependence on Google. Algorithms change all the time. But apparently in 2016, it’s still a lesson that people need to learn. Google needs to improve communication That said, Google could and should do a better job with communication. Something was wrong with the ProtonMail site, in terms of how Google was processing it. We know that, because something was fixed. Google just won’t say what. All it will say is the statement it sent us below: Google’s algorithms rely on hundreds of unique signals or “clues” that make it possible to surface the results we think will be most relevant to users. While we understand that situations like this may raise questions, we typically don’t comment on how specific algorithms impact specific websites. We’re continually refining these algorithms and appreciate hearing from users and webmasters. While in many cases search ranking changes reflect algorithmic criteria working as intended, in some cases we’re able to identify unique features that lead to varied results. We’re sorry that it took so look to connect in this case and are glad the issue is resolved. For webmasters who have questions about their own sites, our Webmaster team provides support through the Webmaster Forums and office hours. It shouldn’t have taken so long for the problem to be fixed. Google itself shouldn’t want it to take so long. The company needs to find a better way for publishers to report potential errors and get resolutions. I wished for that back in 2006 and again in 2011, as part of my revisiting my “25 Things I Hate About Google” post: Sure, a paid support option might put you under fire that you might be making algorithm updates like Farmer/Panda just to generate support revenue. But others might appreciate a guaranteed route. If not paid, maybe you could give anyone who registers with Google [Search Console] one or two free guaranteed express support tickets, so that we don’t have bloggers talking about getting in contact with Google being a “crap shoot” and diminishing the huge amount of resources you do put in to support through Google Webmaster Central. Now it’s been 15 years since I first had that wish, and it still hasn’t been solved. Yes, there would be time and cost involved. But that might be well worth it, versus adding more ammunition for those who might use glitches to attack Google on antitrust grounds. Google’s main advice for those with problems is to use its Google Webmaster Forums. Proton was even going to try that next, it told us, if its tweets didn’t help. Personally, I’d never want someone to go there because: while Googlers are there, they’re not guaranteed to review your problem; and some problems (as with Proton’s) can only be diagnosed by Googlers; and most people who answer in the forums are not Googlers; and non-Googlers might not even give the right answer. For instance, here’s a non-Googler telling someone they have a manual action against them because the site can’t be found in Google’s search results and the Google URL shortener doesn’t work for it. Maybe. Probably, even. But that person is guessing. The only way to actually know if there’s a manual action is by going into Google Search Console as the publisher and checking. A third-party person can’t tell you. Still, that’s the option you have. Unless you catch someone from Google’s attention another way, as ProtonMail did. Or MetaFilter did in 2014. In both of those cases, Google took a public relations blow. Improve the communications, and everyone wins. About The Author Danny Sullivan Danny Sullivan is a Founding Editor of Search Engine Land. He’s a widely cited authority on search engines and search marketing issues who has covered the space since 1996. Danny also serves as Chief Content Officer for Third Door Media, which publishes Search Engine Land and produces the SMX: Search Marketing Expo conference series. He has a personal blog called Daggle (and keeps his disclosures page there). He can be found on Facebook, Google + and microblogs on Twitter as @dannysullivan. Related Articles 8 ways SEO has changed in the past 10 years It’s scary how many ways SEO can go wrong Long-term SEO: Proving the value now SEO on a budget: How a small manufacturer started a program from scratch Channel: SEOGoogle: AntitrustGoogle: CriticsGoogle: SEOGoogle: Web SearchLegal Sponsored We're listening. Have something to say about this article? Share it with us on Facebook, Twitter or our LinkedIn Group. Attend Our Conferences March 21-23, 2017: SMX West June 2017: SMX Advanced October 24-26, 2017: SMX East See all the dates and locations. Learn More About Our SMX Events Gain new strategies and insights at the intersection of marketing, technology, and management. Our next conference will be held: May 9-11, 2017: MarTech San Francisco See all the dates and locations. Learn More About Our MarTech Events Take the MarTech Quiz Think you know martech? Find out by taking this 3-minute quiz. See how you score and share it with friends! Let's Get Started White Papers The Social Marketing Paradox: Why Brands Fail To Create Customer Relationships The Definitive Guide to Social Customer Service Success The Social Customer Service Playbook: The Most Vital Metrics and How to Interpret Their Impact Data is the Secret Ingredient for Social Media Marketing Success Transform From Product-Centric Campaigning to Customer-Centric Experiences See More Whitepapers Webcasts Social Media Marketing 3.0: Best Practices for Ramping Up Social ROI Take Back Control of Your Content Personalized Local Content: Frightful or Insightful? See More Webcasts Research Reports Content Marketing Tools B2B Predictive Marketing Analytics Platforms Social Media Management Software Call Analytics Platforms Paid Media Campaign Management Platforms B2B Marketing Automation Platforms See More Research The Periodic Table of Seo Success Sign up for our daily newsletter. SUBSCRIBE Follow Us © 2016 Third Door Media, Inc. All rights reserved.
null
more_vert androidAndroid App facebookFacebook gplusGoogle + twitterTwitter youtubeYouTube rssRSS Feed search close android facebook gplus twitter youtube rss whatshotNews starsReviews phone_androidPhones tabletTablets appsApps gamesGames network_cellCarriers forumForums attach_moneyDeals Download the App Our Team Tip Us Galaxy Note 7 Out, Google Pixel and LG V20 In: What’s the best Android phone right now? +18,581 Quentyn Kennemer Nov 1st, 2016 After reviewing the Samsung Galaxy Note 7 we just knew it was going to have a long reign atop our list of the best Android phones. And then it all blew up in our faces. Well, the Galaxy Note 7 is out for obvious reasons — you can’t buy it anymore! So, who’s going to occupy that top spot in our best Android phones list? Well, let’s consider our options. Google Pixel? Let’s just get straight to it: this is the fun new kid on the block, and boy is it good. The Pixel and Pixel XL are Google’s first phones that they had 100% say in. We’re talking about specs, design, software, and even marketing. Truth be told, it’s not that much different than a contemporary Nexus phone in terms of approach and philosophy, but there’s just something about the Pixel (more than name or branding alone) that makes it feel unique, new, and exciting. We have more for you to sink your teeth into in our newly-published Google Pixel review. Being new and exciting alone obviously isn’t enough to automatically crown it a winner, though, and the device has some stiff competition alongside it, such as… LG V20? Yup, we’re also seeing the potential entry of LG’s V20 into our lineup this month. LG didn’t do anything radical for this launch compared to the LG V10 unless you count their desire to retain removable batteries while most of the industry has opted to move on, but that’s the same reason why it’s also vying for a strong and solid spot near the top of the list — it builds on something that was already pretty sweet. Does a secondary display add meaningful value or is it still just a parlor trick? Is LG’s optical prowess still unmatched? Does it being the first non-Google device to ship with Pixel out of the box mean much of anything? Maybe. You’ll have to wait for our review to hit to find out all those answers, though. Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge? Of course, the reigning champion today has every bit a claim to its former throne now that it’s been vacated. The Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge is still one of the very best smartphones you can buy right now, which is quite the achievement considering others have had months to best it. Samsung hit a home run in almost all areas, with the only valid remaining knock on the company being their need to close up shop on battery doors, as well as software that doesn’t exactly rub everyone the right way. An underdog? Of course, the crown of best Android phone is open to any phone that can impress us enough, so you should rule out some of the options folks like Huawei, HTC, and Motorola have to offer. What’s #1? So here we are: the holiday season is nearing fast, and most of the major contenders are now available for purchase. It hasn’t been an easy task to identify the very best Android phone you can buy during this packed upgrade season, but we’ve done it and we’re excited to share the results with you! Read the Complete List local_offer    Best Phones   Auto-load comments: Off On View comments (39) stars Further Reading Best Phones for Kids November 2016 Best Camera Phones November 2016 Best Smartwatches for Android November 2016 Best Fitness Trackers November 2016 Best Cheap Android Phones November 2016 stars Popular this Weeklaunch 1 more_vertThis may be the Moto X 2017 closeHere’s our first look at the 2017 Moto X The Moto X 2017 may be alive and well as a new image has appeared which shows off the device’s metal body and camera cutout. 2 more_vertExclusive: Project ARA specifications, design closeExclusive: Project ARA specifications, design and photos Today’s exclusive Google Project ARA post reveals the phone’s spec sheet and 40 images which show off the phone’s unique modular design. 3 more_vertZTE wants to step up and fill the Nexus gap closeZTE wants to fill the gap left behind with the end of Nexus devices With the end of the Nexus line, there’s now a void in stock Android devices in the $400 range. ZTE is hoping to step up and fill those boots and it wants to know why you prefer stock Android devices. 4 more_vertGoogle fixing Android's fragmentation issues? closeGoogle might have a master plan to solve Android’s fragmentation issues once and for all Android’s biggest problem has always been and always will be fragmentation, though it’s nothing you can really fault Google for. But it seems the company may have a plan to change all of that. 5 more_vertGoogle hates Quick Charge closeGoogle doesn’t want you to have Quick Charge on your next smartphone Future Android updates may require manufacturers to ditch proprietary USB Type-C rapid charging technology. 6 more_vert6.3-inch Galaxy S8 plus in the works closeSamsung Galaxy S8 ‘plus’ to feature 6.3-inch bezel-less display Samsung may be planning to introduce a 6.3-inch variant of the Galaxy S8 with a bezel-less edge display 7 more_vertPokemon Go is still hiding secrets, says CEO closePokemon Go has hidden secrets that no one has found yet Pokemon Go CEO John Hanke says there’s hidden secrets in Pokemon Go that no one has discovered yet. In fact, Hanke says “we’ll see how it plays out over the next few weeks.” What could that mean? 8 more_vertOnePlus3T rumored to have 8GB of RAM closeOnePlus 3T might be first phone to feature 8GB of RAM The OnePlus 3T could be the first Android phone to feature a whopping 8GB of RAM. For reference, OnePlus launched its OnePlus 3 smartphone earlier this year with 6GB of RAM and Google’s new Pixel devices feature 4GB of RAM. 9 more_vertSamsung's new Nougat UX shown off closeHere’s an early look at Samsung’s new UX for Nougat, and it actually looks kind of good As Samsung often does, they’re refreshing their user experience and interface for Android 7.0 Nougat, and we’ve gotten our first look at their new design today. 10 more_vertGoogle lists new live cases closeGoogle Earth and Google Trends live cases appear at the Google Store Look what we have here: new live cases have shown up at the Google Store! Google is preparing to sell two new cases that’ll offer some unique flair for your smartphone. Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Phandroid.com, 2007-2016
Events Whitepapers The Next Platform Data Center Software Security Transformation DevOps Business Personal Tech Science Emergent Tech Bootnotes Alerts Newsletters Columnists Mobile Video Quantum traffic jam of atoms could unlock origin of dark energy, physicists claim 'Ultimate Team' scheme: EA hackers charged for stealing in-game coins UK Home Secretary signs off on Lauri Love's extradition to US Fake election news meltdown vortex sucks in Google Servers HPC Cloud Storage Networks Virtualization BOFH PIR saves millions in .org rebid Cheer up, world! AWS instances just got cheaper Gotta speed up HPC arrays. Flash or disk, flash or disk. Let's do both – Seagate Portable drive, 5TB capacity. Hmm, there's something fishy here Microsoft leaks Visual Studio for Mac, then scrubs the news Hadoop for joy? ODPi 2.0's available, but questions persist Fear of Staxit: What next for ASF's Cassandra as biggest donor cuts back Mark Zuckerberg is dead – Facebook confirmed 'Ultimate Team' scheme: EA hackers charged for stealing in-game coins UK Home Secretary signs off on Lauri Love's extradition to US Origin of the beasties: Mirai botnet missing link revealed as DVR player Adult FriendFinder users get their privates exposed... again – reports The cloud is not new. What we are doing with it is Glued-shut IT wallets hindered UK govt's programmes – study Data integrity and failover in the hybrid cloud Adding trendy tech SIEM to a hybrid computing setup Fancy 15 hours of DevOps learnings, and lunch? GitHub Enterprise catches up with GitHub proper Just what everyone needs right now – an HPE chat bot wrapped in a Docker container, right? Synopsys buys Cigital in secure DevOps push Policy The Channel Fake election news meltdown vortex sucks in Google UK NHS 850k Reply-all email fail: State health service blames Accenture UK.gov has 18,000 IT contractors on its books due to dearth of skills NHS IT bod sends test email to 850k users – and then responses are sent 'reply all' WileyFox Swift 2: A new champ of the 'for around £150' market Google's new VR Daydream View will cripple your phone Google: If you think we're bad, you should take a look at Apple Sony: Get out Comedy Central, MTV – we've built a wall around Vue, the greatest wall ever SPB Geek's Guide Quantum traffic jam of atoms could unlock origin of dark energy, physicists claim Hurrah! Urinals will soon be splash-free Boffins find Galaxy making killer radiation, rule out Samsung phone as source CERN boffins see strange ... oh, wait, that's just New Zealand moving 2m north Artificial Intelligence Internet of Things Samsung flings $8bn at buyout of connected car biz Harman Race for wireless VR headset heats up Yeah, that '50bn IoT devices by 2020' claim is a load of dog toffee Top of the bots: This AI isn't a cold, cruel killing machine – it's a pop music hit machine Verity Stob Married man arrives at A&E with wedding ring stuck on todger Pythons Idle and Cleese pen anti-selfie screed Spain's Prime Minister wants to ban internet memes. No, really A cardboard desk? I won’t stand for it (actually I will) More like this Google Microsoft Security Security Microsoft flips Google the bird after Windows kernel bug blurt Security flaw will be fixed next week, says Redmond exec 1 Nov 2016 at 19:36, Kieren McCarthy Kieren McCarthy Get email alert when this author posts Common Topics Security , Iana, Icann, Fcc, Google Recent Articles Musk: Got best battery ever Nest turns off oven, vacuum Uncle Sam emits DNS email security guide – now speak your brains Microsoft has not responded well to Google's bug grenade, accusing the ad giant of screwing over netizens and getting its facts wrong. "We believe in coordinated vulnerability disclosure, and today's disclosure by Google puts customers at potential risk," Microsoft said in a statement. It then disputed Google's claims about the seriousness of the hole. "We disagree with Google's characterization of a local elevation of privilege as 'critical' and 'particularly serious,' since the attack scenario they describe is fully mitigated by the deployment of the Adobe Flash update released last week," said a Microsoft spokesperson, adding that not all versions of Windows are affected. "Additionally, our analysis indicates that this specific attack was never effective against the Windows 10 Anniversary Update due to security enhancements previously implemented." Windows boss Terry Myerson described Google's actions as "disappointing." He said the vulnerability was being exploited on a "low-volume scale" by the Russia-linked Strontium group, which is also known as Fancy Bear and is accused of ransacking the US Democratic National Committee's computers. We previously reported that Fancy Bear was exploiting several unpatched software vulnerabilities to hijack systems. In Myerson's view, Strontium was abusing the Google-reported flaw in limited spear-phishing attacks, therefore the vast majority of Windows users weren't being targeted and thus there was no need for Google to go public so soon. Myerson said the flaw will be patched by Microsoft next Tuesday. Spat On Monday this week, the Beast of Redmond received its own personal Halloween gift in the form of a public Windows vulnerability disclosure just 10 days after Google discovered the flaw. CVE-2016-7855 can be used by malware to gain admin access on a Windows system through a local privilege escalation; a kernel bug can be exploited to pull off a security sandbox escape, Google claimed, calling it "particularly serious." So why did it give Microsoft just a week before making it public? According to Google, because of its importance and the fact that exploits are already in the wild. Not exactly happy But it's a call that Microsoft clearly did not appreciate. Although Adobe managed to put out a patch ASAP, Microsoft has not yet, meaning that Windows users are potentially at risk and everyone and their dog now knows about it. The public disclosure of an unpatched bug broadly serves two functions: one, it makes users (well, sysadmins) at least aware of the problem; and second, it lights a fire under the developer to get a patch done and out there. Google engineers are pretty sharp at finding security holes in Microsoft's software so the relationship is an important one. There have been persistent tensions however. Back in June 2010, a Google engineer gave Microsoft just five days of notice before publishing details on a serious Windows hole (and included example attack code). And in January last year, Google refused to budge on the 90-day deadline it gave Microsoft to fix a reported security bug before it went public with details of the flaw. That time, Microsoft's senior director for trustworthy computing Chris Betz called out Google: "We asked Google to work with us to protect customers by withholding details until Tuesday, January 13, when we will be releasing a fix," he complained, adding that Google's decision to move ahead regardless "feels less like principles and more like a 'gotcha', with customers the ones who may suffer as a result." He went on: "What's right for Google is not always right for customers. We urge Google to make protection of customers our collective primary goal." That outburst gave Google pause for thought and it announced shortly after that it was revising how its Project Zero bug-finding system would disclose flaws. The 90 days was made more flexible and the Chocolate Factory said it would extend the disclosure deadline by a grace period of up to 14 days, provided a vendor lets it know that a patch will be released on a specific date within the extra fortnight. In a post, Google's security team noted: "Public disclosure of an unpatched issue now only occurs if a deadline will be significantly missed." That policy appears to have been given a pretty big caveat with this latest disclosure however: if Google can see exploits in the wild, all bets are off. ® Sponsored: 10 Reasons LinuxONE is the best choice for Linux workloads Tips and corrections 51 Comments Whitepapers Data and Analytics Maturity Model and Business Impact How top performing enterprises use their IT investments to store, process, and use data to make more effective, real-time decisions. Licensing, compliance and audits in the cloud era VMTurbo conducted this survey to investigate the challenges organisations face maintaining software licensing compliance and strategies they implement. Six Steps to Control the Uncontrollable A step-by-step guide to help you address the challenges you face as you work to go mobile Bullet-proofing Office 365 with MAX Mail Security is a constantly evolving challenge. The Internet is a melting-pot of threats, which mutate as quickly as security companies do their best to stop them. Most read NHS IT bod sends test email to 850k users – and then responses are sent 'reply all' Your body reveals your password by interfering with Wi-Fi CERN boffins see strange ... oh, wait, that's just New Zealand moving 2m north WileyFox Swift 2: A new champ of the 'for around £150' market Encrypted email sign-ups instantly double in wake of Trump victory Spotlight Some! at! Yahoo! knew! about! mega-breach! as! early! as! 2014! Blood donors' privacy anaemic after Red Cross data breach Good luck securing 'things' when users assume 'stuff just works' Democralypse Now? US election first battle in new age of cyberwarfare You've been hacked. What are you liable for? Securing Office 365? There's always more you can do National Cyber Security Centre to shift UK to 'active' defence You call it 'hacking.' I call it 'investigation' Sponsored links Sign up to The Register to receive newsletters and alerts Follow us More content Subscribe to newsletter Top 20 stories Week’s headlines Archive Webcasts About us Privacy Company info Advertise with us Syndication Send us news tips The Register Biting the hand that feeds IT © 1998–2016 Independent news, views, opinions and reviews on the latest in the IT industry. Offices in London, San Francisco and Sydney.
Toggle navigation Toggle search All your technology ... Menu Skip to content Home News About Us Contact US Privacy Search: All your technology news in one place! News from Apple, Google, Microsoft and more! Microsoft not at all happy with Google after Windows exploit reveal – Digital Trends Posted on November 1, 2016 by Digital Trends It’s never good news when two tech giants are mad at each other, but that’s the case right now with Google and Microsoft. Google says it gave Microsoft and Adobe a heads up about an active zero-day exploit in Windows ten days ago, and says Redmond … Microsoft not happy with Google’s disclosure of Windows bugCNET Microsoft’s sales of Windows 7 and 8.1 licenses to OEMs has endedWinBeta Microsoft attacks Google’s Windows hack alertBBC News Geek -Android Headlines -VentureBeat -The Guardian all 145 news articles …read more wrote 21353 posts Post navigation ← Older Newer → All your technology news in one place! News from Apple, Google, Microsoft and more! Archives Archives Select Month November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 July 2014 June 2014 Recent News MacBook Pro Reviews fly in while Apostle Schiller continues to Warns us of the Evils of a Touch Display on Macs – Patently Apple Here’s what Snapchat Spectacles video looks like – CNET FriendFinder Investigates Report of Breached Accounts – Wall Street Journal As AMD mulls GPU for 32-core Zen chip, it develops software tools – PCWorld New MacBook Pro With Touch Bar Reviews Are Mixed – AppAdvice Subscribe to our Newsletter Email * © 2016 All your technology news in one place! - Powered by WordPress - Melany theme by deshack
null
Skip to navigation Skip to main content Skip to primary sidebar Skip to secondary sidebar Skip to footer We Tech-Geeks Welcome TechGeeks!!!! Enjoy unlimited access to tech news and tutorials. Home Technews Tools Reviews Tips and Tricks Windows Tutorials About Twitter Facebook RSS Feed ← Nexus 6P mod brings back Night Mode for Android 7.1.1 Nougat users Verizon offering 20% off Google Pixel and other phones with promo code → Google’s Daydream View officially available on November 10th Nov 2 Posted by ishubhamsingh You’ve been able to order a Daydream View from the Google store for a while now, but we didn’t know when units would actually ship. Now, Google has given an exact date—Daydream View is officially launching on November 10th. The VR viewer will be for sale in the Google Store, of course. More importantly, it will available via other retailers, which vary by country. Here’s where you can get it and how much it will cost. Read More Google’s Daydream View officially available on November 10th was written by the awesome team at Android Police. from Android Police – Android News, Apps, Games, Phones, Tablets http://ift.tt/2ejRRVm via Blogger http://ift.tt/2fa47qz Share this: Twitter Facebook Google Like this: Like Loading... Related About ishubhamsingh Hello TechGeeks!! I am Shubham Singh -a student,a mistakemaker,a learner,a TechGeek like you,who wants to share all that i know about softwares,cracks,keygens and general computer tweaks & tricks with you through this blog. View all posts by ishubhamsingh » Posted on November 2, 2016, in android, Android Police – Android News, apps, Games, Phones, tablets and tagged Android Police - Android News, apps, Blogger android, Games, IFTTT, Phones, tablets. Bookmark the permalink. Leave a comment. ← Nexus 6P mod brings back Night Mode for Android 7.1.1 Nougat users Verizon offering 20% off Google Pixel and other phones with promo code → Leave a comment Comments 0 Leave a Reply Cancel reply Enter your comment here... Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: Email (required) (Address never made public) Name (required) Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Notify me of new comments via email. Notify me of new posts via email. Search for: Recent Comments Popular Posts Archives Tags Categories ishubhamsinghIt is safe inspite of being large... RobertOzonejust received automatic update last night (windows.imersivecontrolpanel_xxxxxx) now when phone power Michael LeungIs it safe? The battery volume is very large donmarkReblogged this on Donmarks.net and commented: whatsapp now lets you search all of your conversation francisprabhuReblogged this on NEW GENERATION MEDIA TECHNOLOGY. francisprabhuReblogged this on NEW GENERATION MEDIA TECHNOLOGY. francisprabhuReblogged this on NEW GENERATION MEDIA TECHNOLOGY. samsung galaxy s6 manualIf you feel your Android is a bit sluggish, you might find a new launcher helps speed things up a bi lincolnmohanLooking forward to getting this handset! Gordon GoreReblogged this on mobileconsumernz. Samsung Galaxy Gear smartwatch coming on Sept. 25 (55) Nokia rolls out Windows Phone 8 Amber update for Lumia smartphones (33) NOW BOOK RAILWAY TICKETS WITH IRCTC’S APPS FOR WINDOWS 8 AND WINDOWS PHONE 8 (6) VTU 3rd sem CSE/IS lab programs!!!! (4) Cell phone buying guide: Things to know when shopping for a cell phone (3) Samsung Announces colorful Galaxy Tab 3 kids for children (3) HP EliteBook Revolve 810 :Review (2) ANDROID 4.4 KITKAT WILL BE RELEASED IN OCTOBER: NESTLE (2) APPLE IOS 7 GUIDE: HOW TO DOWNLOAD AND INSTALL ON YOUR IPHONE, IPAD OR IPOD TOUCH (2) OnePlus 2 will feature a big 3300mAh battery (2) November 2016 (508) October 2016 (1192) September 2016 (948) August 2016 (1273) July 2016 (904) June 2016 (12) May 2016 (13) April 2016 (61) March 2016 (838) February 2016 (276) January 2016 (40) December 2015 (4) November 2015 (11) October 2015 (261) September 2015 (1056) August 2015 (986) July 2015 (849) June 2015 (890) May 2015 (1041) April 2015 (58) July 2014 (1) March 2014 (2) January 2014 (9) November 2013 (8) October 2013 (16) September 2013 (16) August 2013 (29) July 2013 (5) June 2013 (3) android Android Authority Android News Android Police - Android News apple apps Blogger Blogger android Blogger Android Police - Android News Blogger and Updates Blogger devekopment Blogger feature Blogger IFTTT Blogger microsoft Blogger news Blogger reviews Blogger tutorials Blogger WMPoweruser feature Games Google highlights IFTTT MakeUseOf microsoft mobile reviews MSPoweruser news Phones port reviews Rumours samsung tablet reviews tablets TalkAndroid tutorial ubuntu Web Upd8 - Ubuntu / Linux blog Windows Windows 8 windows 8.1 windows 10 windows phone WMPoweruser app (1) Google android device manager (1) anti-theft (1) smartphone security (1) google glass features (1) google glass promo (1) Google glass (1) HP elitebook revolve 810 (1) elitebook revolve reviews (1) elitebook revolve specifications (1) Truecaller (1) truecaller fb app (1) marissa mayer (1) rocketmelt (1) safe identity (1) online security (1) anonymous online (1) htc india (1) htc one dual sim specifications (1) HTC one dual sim (1) samsung galaxy tab 3(8 inch) (1) galaxy tab 3 feature (1) galaxy tab 3 review (1) sony vaio pro 13 (1) sony ultrabooks (1) sony vaio pro 13 reviews (1) sony vaio pro 13 features (1) sony vaio pro 13 price (1) nokia asha 501 reviews (1) nokia asha 501 price (1) nokia asha 501 specifications (1) facebook hashtags (1) hashtags handling (1) smartphone buying guide (1) phone features description (1) cellphone buying guide (1) superspeed usb (1) high speed usb (1) usb 3.1 (1) Google music search service (1) Google india (1) Raring Ringtail (1) 10 Things to do (1) ubuntu 13.04 (1) repacked (1) Stardock Start 8 1.16 Full Reapck (1) Start8 1.16 (1) stardock (1) ccleaner professional edition (1) Ccleaner 4.03.4151 with crack (1) Ccleaner free download (1) ccleaner business edition (1) Freebie (1) All version crack (1) Licence key (1) Free (1) WinX HD video converter 4.0 with licence (1) HD video converter (1) bluestacks (1) android emulator (1) android on pc (1) recover files (1) keygen (1) flash drive virus (1) Virus (1) Shorcut files recover (1) remove virus (1) shortcut virus (1) Malwarebytes (1) windows store (1) upgrade (1) windows bleu (1) preview (1) powershell (1) command-line (1) applist (1) software list (1) default (1) namo phablet reviews (1) smart namo smartphone (1) smart namo phablet (1) narendra modi phablet (1) htc one play edition 4.3 update (1) galaxy s4 android 4.3 update (1) Android 4.3 devices (1) 4.3 update (1) Moto x design (1) Moto x review (1) Moto x price (1) Moto x specifications (1) WideUpdates.Com (1) hindi language support (1) hindi (1) hindi handwriting input (1) translate (1) firefox metro (1) firefox 26 (1) browsers (1) mozilla (1) skype HD video call (1) skype update for ios (1) skype 4.10 (1) lock screen lock screen (1) lock screen (1) enable slideshow (1) Galaxy s4 air gesture (1) android air gesture (1) air gesture control (1) samsung galaxy tab for kids (1) Galaxy tab 3 kids version.tablet for kids (1) HTC sense 5.5 (1) new htc (1) HTC leaks (1) HTC One Max (1) HTC news (1) android 4.3 (1) 8.1 skinpack (1) windows7 (1) windows 8.1 theme (1) ios 7 skinpack (1) ios7 theme (1) s7 (1) acer aspire s7-392 (1) acer aspire s7 (1) Acer (1) aspire (1) acer ultrabook (1) micromax a240 (1) news.reviews (1) micromax canvas doodle 2 review (1) doodle 2 (1) micromax csanvas doodle 2 feature (1) get your imagination bigger (1) doodle 2 teaser (1) canvas doodle2 (1) shahzam 4.0 (1) android apps (1) music apps (1) shahzam encore (1) shahzam update (1) computer science engineering (1) infix (1) cse (1) 3rd sem vtu prog (1) engineering (1) c programs (1) lab programs (1) VTU (1) ise (1) queue prog (1) postfix (1) 3rd sem (1) Microsoft buys nokia (1) 7.2 billion dollars (1) nokia sold (1) android 4.4 features (1) Android next (1) samsung smartwatch (1) galaxy gear features (1) samsung galaxy gear (1) smartwatch (1) android watch (1) galaxy gaer specs (1) iphone 5s 64-bit (1) Apple A7 (1) 64-Bit architecture (1) A7 chip (1) apple 64-bit (1) A7 chip 64-bit (1) dell venue (1) dell (1) dell tablets (1) dell 8.1 tablets (1) windows 8 railway app (1) Railway official app (1) irctc official app (1) IRCTC (1) IRCT windows 8 app (1) Indian railways (1) latest memory card (1) fastest memory card (1) sandisk (1) Sandisk Extreme Pro Cfast 2.0 (1) 450mb/s (1) 120GB memory card (1) SanDisk Cfast 2.0 (1) HP.hewlett-packard (1) leap motion (1) air gesture control pc (1) android launch (1) apple ios 7 guide (1) iphone upgrade (1) ios 7 upgrade (1) ios 7 upgrade guide (1) narendra modi game (1) modi run game (1) play store (1) narendra modi (1) new generation sidebar (1) modern sidebar (1) modern ui(metro) sidebar (1) metrosidebar (1) windows 8.1 pre-orders (1) logitech gamepad for iphone (1) gamepad for iPhone (1) Logitech (1) game controller support in iOS 7 (1) SquareEnix (1) Google Play vending machines (1) tokyo (1) japan (1) Android game vending machines (1) GungHo (1) Bittorrent chat (1) server less message client (1) bittorrent (1) bittorrent secure messaging app (1) Celkon RahmanIshq AR45 price in India (1) Celkon Mobiles (1) Celkon RahmanIshq AR45 (1) Celkon (1) AR Rehman (1) Celkon RahmanIshq AR45 specifications (1) surface 2 first look (1) surface 2 intro (1) surface 2 first impression (1) surface pro 2 (1) surface pro 2 specs (1) microsoft surface pro 2 (1) windows 8.1 tablet (1) surface pro 2 hands on (1) surface pro 2 price (1) Import photos to Dropbox (1) Dropbox for Mac (1) dropbox (1) iPhoto (1) Dropobox update (1) Dropbox adds screenshot uploader (1) galaxy round (1) curved display (1) samsung galaxy round (1) announced (1) yahoo mail 1TB storage (1) new yahoo mail UI (1) yahoo mail updated (1) mail (1) android land (1) noida (1) bangalore (1) spice (1) kormangala (1) android land india (1) samsung galaxy j launch (1) galaxy (1) samsung galaxy j (1) official launch (1) ntt docomo (1) google maps multiple destination (1) google maps upcoming events (1) google maps updated (1) Google maps beta (1) Datawind UbiSlate 9Ci price (1) Datawind UbiSlate 7Cx price (1) Datawind (1) Datawind UbiSlate 3G7 (1) Datawind UbiSlate 3G7 price (1) Datawind UbiSlate 9Ci (1) Datawind UbiSlate 7Cx (1) ubuntu release (1) linux (1) ubuntu 13.10 final (1) 13.10 (1) ubuntu 13.10 (1) ubuntu 13.10 download (1) windows 8.1 upgrade (1) flipboard (1) Flipboard for windows (1) store (1) magazine app (1) ussd (1) ADR (1) Facebook India (1) politician's background (1) politics (1) Know Your Neta (1) Facebook USSD (1) gaming console (1) sell (1) ps4 (1) xbox one (1) xbox (1) nullsoft (1) media player (1) aol (1) winamp shutdown (1) rip winamp (1) winamp (1) windowsphone app (1) windowsphone (1) telegram for windows (1) telegram (1) telegram IM (1) IM app (1) mobile phones (1) evleaks (1) custom android UI (1) nokia's android (1) leak (1) 1520v (1) mwc 2014 (1) lumia 1525 (1) lumia 1820 (1) lumia (1) upcoming lumia smartphones (1) wp group (1) micromax russia (1) micromax (1) eddy (1) eddy tablet for kids (1) metis eddy tablet.kids tablet (1) display size (1) iphone 6 (1) report (1) vaio flipvaio india (1) sony (1) sony vaio flip hybrid (1) moto g india launch (1) announcement (1) motorola (1) moto g (1) moto g specs (1) moto g features (1) xolo Q7005 Launched (1) Xolo Q7005 Specs (1) xolo Q7005 (1) xolo (1) xolo Q7005 features (1) Karbonn titanium S5i features (1) Karbonn titanium S5i (1) Karbonn titanium S5i specs (1) karbonn (1) Karbonn titanium S5i price (1) windows phone 8.1 beta sdk (1) windows phone 8.1 features (1) windows phone 8.1 (1) Nokia x (1) nokia x rooted (1) nokia x gapps (1) lollipop (1) oneplusone (1) release (1) oxygen os (1) oneplus (1) cyanogenmod 12 (1) technical preview (1) leaks (1) appgap (1) phone2pc (1) universal apps (1) spotlight (1) astoria (1) micflip (1) reversible micro-usb (1) reversible usb (1) usb c-type (1) codec (1) guide (1) hevc (1) howto (1) video codec (1) yahoo (2) online privacy (2) samsung tablets (2) facebook (2) full (2) 8 (2) System (2) windows8.1 (2) skinpack (2) android 4.4 KitKat (2) android 4.4 (2) android kitkat (2) iphone 5s (2) Iphone (2) windows 8.1 tablets (2) windows phone 8 (2) ios 7 (2) windows 8.1 release (2) windows 8.1 final (2) surface 2 (2) Nokia (2) nokia normandy (2) rumour (2) microsoft edge (2) project spartan (2) continuum (2) Uncategorized (3) tips and tricks (3) tablet reviews (3) Utilities (3) Windows 7 (3) Google (3) samsung (3) apple (3) normandy (3) highlights (3) devekopment (3) pc and laptop reviews (4) Windows 8 (4) windows8 (4) mobile reviews (5) tutorials (5) ubuntu (5) port (5) MakeUseOf (6) tutorial (7) tools (8) windows 8.1 (9) feature (9) Windows (13) reviews (14) windows 10 (14) MSPoweruser (40) news (62) Web Upd8 – Ubuntu / Linux blog (185) IFTTT (192) TalkAndroid (708) Android Police – Android News (1,460) WMPoweruser (1,688) windows phone (1,715) microsoft (1,736) and Updates (1,965) Android News (1,965) Rumours (1,965) Android Police – Android News (2,069) Android Authority (3,081) Games (3,529) Phones (3,529) apps (3,530) tablets (3,532) android (9,285) Recent Posts YouTube Gaming v1.9 adds a viewer counter to live streams and a new easter egg [APK Download] November 15, 2016 YouTube Gaming v1.9 adds a viewer counter to live streams and a new easter egg [APK Download] November 15, 2016 Rumors surface on specs for OnePlus 4 November 15, 2016 Why Samsung wants to be in your connected car November 15, 2016 Deal: Martian Notifier Smartwatch only $29.99 November 15, 2016 Like us on FB Like us on FB Blog Stats 73,853 hits Follow We Tech-Geeks on WordPress.com Meta Register Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.com Create a free website or blog at WordPress.com. %d bloggers like this:
null
The Times of Israel Israel & the Region Jewish Times Israel Inside The Blogs Start-Up Israel Partners NEW JERSEY:The Jewish Standard United Kingdom:The Jewish News FOR PUBLISHERS:Become a Times of Israel partner Daily Edition Spotlight s   English العربية Français 中文 فارسی Tuesday, November 15, 2016 Heshvan 14, 5777 2:21 am IST About Us About the site Contact us Advertise with us Advertise with us Partner Links: Learn Hebrew Judaica Web Store Thrifty Car Rental Make Aliyah Israel Car Rental Help Fight BDS! Start-Up Israel All the news and views from Silicon Wadi Read the Start-Up Daily Follow @timesofisrael Home  > Jewish Times Google taps Israeli exec as new VP Promotion for Meir Brand, CEO of tech giant’s Israel operation since 2005 By Times of Israel staff November 1, 2016, 9:12 pm Tweet Email Print Share Google Israel chairman Meir Brand (L) with former Israeli Finance Minister Yair Lapid (Photo credit: Courtesy) Newsroom Email the Newsroom Facebook Twitter Related Topics Meir Brand Google Waze Related Stories State ombudsman: Holocaust restitution company kept 84% of assets White House partners with Hillel to fight campus sexual assault The Jewish folk singer who gave Chicago Cubs fans 2 anthems Convicted ex-minister seeks to return to Israel as doctor Rape claims take center stage at memorials for slain minister Ze’evi Mel Gibson: ‘Unfair’ people aren’t over anti-Semitic tirade Israel’s non-Jewish religious leaders get history lesson in Poland New dictionary updates Yiddish for era of transgender, tablets and tweets PM to Diaspora Jews: Do not publicly protest Orthodox stalemate at Western Wall An Israeli Google executive has been named as the new vice president of the technological giant. Meir Brand, who has been CEO of Google Israel since 2005, was promoted last week to VP of the company, Israel’s Haaretz newspaper reported. Google, which last year was reorganized as the holding company Alphabet Inc. by Jewish co-founders Sergey Brin and Larry Page, is one of the world’s largest technology companies and specializes in online advertising, search, and cloud computing, among other fields. Google has been an active investor in Israel in recent years, most notably through its purchase of the popular Israeli-made GPS app Waze, which it purchased in 2013. Google also has a large research and development center in Israel. Brand will remain CEO of Google Israel, and will also continue to serve as a board member and director of Google’s EMEA Emerging Markets (Europe, the Middle East, and Africa). According to the Israeli business daily Globes, Brand was the first employee at Google Israel when it was established in 2005, and subsequently become CEO. In his role as director of Google’s EMEA Emerging Markets, Brand was responsible for a number of countries with a population of over one billion people between them, including all of the Middle East, Africa, Russia, Turkey, and Greece. Prior to joining Google, Brand worked at Israeli companies Excite@Home, ICQ, and Microsoft Israel, according his Linkedin profile. He has a bachelor’s degree in economics from Tel Aviv University and a master’s degree from Harvard Unvirsity. Brand has praised Google for its management style, saying that the company gives a large degree of independence to its local branches, which he said allows them to act like large start ups and in turn be able to be leaders in innovation. Like us on Facebook Get our newsletter Follow us on Twitter Tweet Read more on:  Meir Brand,  Google,  Waze,  high tech,  Sergey Brin,  Larry Page More in Jewish Times Trump fan's 'Jew S. A.' call was just 'USA with Latino accent' Comments on this article Report inappropriate comments Start-Up Israel Current top stories Google, Amazon use Israeli app for team-building fun By Iacopo Luzi   Israeli journalists accuse Facebook of infringing on freedom of speech By Shoshanna Solomon   Israeli tech lets diamonds’ true colors, and clarity, shine through By Shoshanna Solomon   Tech evangelists see the devil in Trump By Jitendra Joshi   Microsoft, Tata set up group to invest in Israeli IoT By Shoshanna Solomon   Start-Up Israel Blogs November 13, 2016, 10:52 am Shadow of Trump towers over week Unbelievable. Crazy. Insane.       Intense.       Divisive. The list of words to describe events of...... Sharon Altshul November 13, 2016, 5:51 am Will BDS activists reject the new Israeli cure for the AIDS/HIV virus? For several decades now, the world has been plagued by the AIDS/HIV virus with very little hope...... Olivier Jack Melnick November 11, 2016, 5:28 pm Finding the Light in the US Elections I’m looking out over Lake Kenilworth in Asheville, North Carolina,  and see thousands of glimmering darts of...... Roberta Wall November 9, 2016, 7:15 pm US campaign and its implications for Israel Why the media should serve as a free marketplace of ideas The US presidential campaign clearly demonstrated why...... Asaf Simon November 9, 2016, 6:35 am Start-up Nation Educations Druze Miracle Tale This is a story about an outcast group who lost their homes, and was forced to hide...... Eran Meron November 7, 2016, 6:52 pm Why #ImWithHer Forgive me in advance, this blog post has nothing to do with US election politics. If you...... Miriam Lottner See all Start-Up Israel blogs Start a blog The Times of Israel Start-Up Israel Free to Your Inbox The email is either missing or invalid Almost finished... We need to confirm your email address first. To complete the subscription process, please click the link in the email we just sent you. By signing up, you agree to our terms You hereby accept The Times of Israel Terms of Use and Privacy Policy, and you agree to receive the latest news & offers from The Times of Israel and its partners or ad sponsors. Currency Rates   ILS USD EUR GBP CAD 1 ILS = 1.000 0.260 0.241 0.207 0.352 1 USD = 3.852 1.000 0.929 0.799 1.355 1 EUR = 4.148 1.077 1.000 0.860 1.459 1 GBP = 4.824 1.252 1.163 1.000 1.697 1 CAD = 2.843 0.738 0.685 0.589 1.000 Bank of Israel exchange rates for Monday, Nov 14, 2016 Back to Top The Times of Israel Home Israel & the Region Jewish Times Israel Inside The Blogs The Jewish Planet Start-Up Israel Daily Edition Spotlight Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy About Us Advertise with Us Contact Us Newsletter Facebook Twitter RSS © 2016 The Times of Israel, All rights reserved. Concept, design & development by RGB Media Powered by Salamandra
null
null
DT Digital Trends DT Digital Trends Product Reviews Phones TVs Laptops Cars Games Tablets Headphones Cameras Desktops Speakers Appliances Wearables More Reviews News Mobile Computing Home Theater Gaming Cars Photography Home Movies & TV Music Wearables Cool Tech Health & Fitness Business More News Features Now Boarding Road Rave The Audiophile Weekly Rewind Awesome Tech Weekend Workshop Trends with Benefits More Features Douglas Rushkoff David Weinberger Patrick Norton More Opinions Videos Deals Shop Giveaways Best Of Everything DT Español The Manual More Advertise About Us Contact Us Corrections Privacy Policy Terms of Use Careers Send Us Your News Tip DT Español The Manual Best Smartphones and Cell Phones Best TVs Best Headphones Best Cameras Best Laptops Best Desktop PCs Best Tablets Best Cars RSS DT Newsletter Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn Instagram Pinterest YouTube Home > DT Daily > Microsoft not at all happy with Google after… Microsoft not at all happy with Google after Windows exploit reveal By Bill Roberson — November 1, 2016 11:33 AM Please enable Javascript to watch this video Subscribe on YouTube Don't Fall Behind Stay current with a recap of today's Tech News from Digital Trends Microsoft feels exploited after Google outs a Windows exploit It’s never good news when two tech giants are mad at each other, but that’s the case right now with Google and Microsoft. Google says it gave Microsoft and Adobe a heads up about an active zero-day exploit in Windows ten days ago, and says Redmond essentially did nothing. So Google went ahead and made the vulnerability public on Monday, and of course, Microsoft was none too happy about that. “Today’s disclosure by Google could put customers at potential risk,” Microsoft shot back, even though Google apparently cut them three days of slack since they usually only give vendors a week to patch up security issues – or at least notify users of the problem. Security experts are sort of siding with Microsoft on this one, saying they likely need more than a week or 10 days to come up with a fix in something as complex as Windows. But they also give Google credit for sounding the alarm since they say the exploit was already being… exploited by hackers. Google says using the Chrome browser in Windows is safe because they built in a block to the exploit. But Edge or Explorer? Looks like you might be taking a chance at getting hacked, at least for now. New hot-rod Macbook Pro models the fastests thing out there? We’ve been getting acquainted with the new Touch Bar on the new line of MacBooks from Apple, and the folks over at MacWorld say there’s more to the new laptops than the fancy OLED info strip. Performance testing on a new 13-inch Core i5 MacBook Pro – the bottom of the line model –  indicates it actually is twice as fast as last year’s model, just like Apple said it would be. The secret sauce? New PCIe solid-state hard drives for one, and you can get up to 2 terabytes in storage. Analysts say Apple’s top-of-the-line Core i7 MacBook Pro’s are likely the highest-performance laptops you can get, outside of heavily modified gaming rigs, due to those speedy drives and a host of other technical upgrades. So hey, it looks like the long wait was likely worth it. Get ready to dance with more AR and VR Phone-based virtual and augmented reality continues to develop, and the next big step looks to be Google’s Tango platform, which just became available in Lenovo’s new Phab 2 Pro phone. The phones have the ability to map the room you’re in and feature depth-sensing tech, enabling more accurate VR and AR play. Lenovo says their phone’s sensors are accurate to the sub-inch level, which is pretty amazing accuracy for a stand-alone handset. The 6.4-inch Phab 2 Pro starts at $500, ships in a week and more Tango-equipped phones are on the way. Also on the way: at least 35 VR and AR apps, and you know that number is going to go up quickly. So if you’ve been thinking about getting a new phone and a VR system, well, maybe you only need to buy one thing after all.
null

Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money More > Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video election 2016 money You are using an older browser version. Please use a supported version for the best MSN experience. The first Google Tango phone launches with over 35 new apps Engadget 11/1/2016 Nicole Lee © AOL It's been years in the making but Tango, Google's depth-sensing tech, is ready to make its consumer debut. That's because today is when the first-ever Tango phone, the Lenovo Phab2 Pro, goes on sale for $499. To accompany the Phab2 Pro's launch, Google is announcing over 35 new Tango apps, all of which will be available in the Play Store today. I had a chance to play around with several of them, talked to a few app developers and delved further into the future of Tango, including its relationship with Daydream, that other well-known Google project. Tango first started life as a project within ATAP, Google's Advanced Technologies and Projects division. The idea was to integrate an array of sensors and cameras into a mobile device so that it could figure out its position relative to its surroundings. We've already seen how Tango's 3D-mapping can be used to give directions in a museum, assist in home improvement projects and create cartoon worlds, but there are a few new ones that caught my eye. Popular Searches Apple Inc AAPL ▼ 105.71 -2.72 -2.51% Samsung Electronics Co Ltd SSNLF ▼ 1,250.00 -175.00 -12.28% TransDigm Group Inc TDG ▼ 252.94 -19.35 -7.11% Amazon.com Inc AMZN ▼ 719.07 -19.94 -2.70% One of them is Crayola Color Blaster, which is described as a "zombie color-blasting game." Created by Legacy Games, the object here is to deal with incoming zombies by pelting them with paint. The zombies appear in an augmented reality view on the display, so it looks as if they're there in your actual living room. It's a very active game, and I found myself wandering around from one area of the room to the other just to get enough distance between me and the color-hungry undead. Arielle Lehrer, CEO of Legacy Games, said that the game was originally conceived as just a coloring book in real space until they figured out there was so much more you could do with the technology. "We started to think about the magic window idea of Tango," said Andrew Duncan, the game's lead designer. "Anywhere you look, you change the environment. It really plays in any space." Next, I played with Sockethead Games' Slingshot Island, which is pretty much as the name describes. Again utilizing augmented reality, you place a virtual island in your physical space -- be it your dining table or your kitchen floor. From there, you'll use a slingshot to shoot projectiles at it in order to solve puzzles, like knocking an egg off a structure. The interesting thing here is that instead of swiping down to aim the slingshot, your phone is a motion controller. That means as soon as you aim your target, you actually move the phone around to establish the shot -- as if your entire phone is the slingshot itself. I also played a couple of titles that didn't use augmented reality. One was Hot Wheels Track Builder, which had me racing toy cars down virtual tracks that I could create myself. You could pick up pieces by grabbing a hand and then drop them in place by moving the phone. It's once again using the idea of the phone as the controller. Another was Ghostly Mansion, where I collected clues in a virtual room by walking around a physical space. I could lean down to open a drawer or lift the phone up to grab a picture on the wall. Of course, Tango has other uses besides gaming. You can use an app called Measure to measure anything in your home, which is useful for home decorating. Apps like Wayfair View or iStaging are great for visualizing the placement of your furniture. There are educational applications too, like Solar Simulator for exploring the planets. A few years after its debut, Tango then graduated to become its own project division in 2015. Now, it's a part of Daydream, Google's VR initiative. It doesn't take much imagination to think of how useful depth-sensing and 3D-mapping would be in virtual reality. Indeed, the combination of the two could lead to perhaps a standalone headset in the future. "A lot of the work we're doing will enable inside out tracking in VR," said Johnny Lee, Tango's Director of Engineering. "There's no product that we can talk about. But as Tango matures, as Daydream matures, there's an obvious crossroads that we're excited about."© AOL But before integrating that tech into VR, Google thought it was important to incorporate Tango into phones first. "There are still a lot of phones being manufactured today," said Lee. "We feel like this form factor is one that we'll have with us for quite awhile." One of the reasons Randall Eike, the CTO of Sockethead Games, was drawn to Tango is because he felt that smartphones are a lot more accessible than VR headsets. "A VR headset isn't something you whip out of your pocket at a Starbucks," he said, whereas everyone has a smartphone. "There's a chance [Tango] will be more ubiquitous than VR." Lee shares the same sentiment. He thinks of Tango in the same way as GPS; we were able to get through our lives before it came along, but now we can't imagine our phones without it. The spatial reasoning and depth sensing allowed by Tango, he said, will be just as important. "I believe there is a whole new suite of experiences that are possible. The way we interact with our computers will change." Plus, he said, the rise of Pokemon Go shows that the public is a lot more accepting of augmented reality apps than it used to be, which is good news for Tango. Google is so bullish on Tango that it's already built up a pipeline of partners. In other words, look forward to more Tango-enabled phones next year. According to the company, they'll come in varying price points, designs and form factors. So if you're wary of the giant 6.4-inch screen on the Phab2 Pro, maybe wait a few months for a smaller Tango phone. "This is not just a research product. It's a product in the market today," said Nikhil Chandhok, Tango's product director. "Should every phone have GPS? Yes. Should every phone have a camera? Yes. Should every phone have inside-out tracking? Yes," Chandhok continued. "Every phone should have it." < PREVIOUS SLIDESLIDE 1 of 3NEXT SLIDE > © Provided by Engadget Go to MSN Home More in Money Amazing Airstreams: The coolest tiny homes on wheels Lovemoney 8 ways President Trump will affect Wall Street U.S. News & World Report - Money 6 reasons to think twice before moving to Canada MarketWatch The 10 most expensive prescription drugs in America Fiscal Times How China's richest man is buying up the world Lovemoney 7 things you should never do online USA TODAY Up Next 20 tips for saving money at the grocery store U.S. News & World Report - Money AdChoices AdChoices AdChoices More from Engadget New York City's free gigabit WiFi comes to Brooklyn Engadget National Geographic's 'Mars' is like a SpaceX infomercial Engadget Google's self-driving cars master tricky three-point turns Engadget Airliner's near miss with drone injures two crew members Engadget Engadget View the full site Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video election 2016 © 2016 Microsoft Privacy Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Newsletter

Dienstag, 15.11.2016 Börsentäglich über 12.000 News von 551 internationalen Medien Indizes Kurs % News 24 h / 7 T Aufrufe 7 Tage Aktien Kurs % News 24 h / 7 T Aufrufe 7 Tage Xetra-Orderbuch Devisen Kurs % Rohstoffe Kurs % Passende Knock-Outs zu Ihrer Suchanfrage (Anzeige) Erweiterte Suche Ad hoc-Mitteilungen Startseite Nachrichten Aktienkurse Fonds Anleihen Derivate Rohstoffe Devisen Watchlist Aufklappen Schliessen Nachrichten»Unity Increases Platform Reach Across Mobile, Console, VR/AR with New and Expanded Partnerships 01.11.2016 | 20:01 (1 Leser) Schrift ändern: (0 Bewertungen) Business Wire·Mehr Nachrichten von Business Wire Unity Increases Platform Reach Across Mobile, Console, VR/AR with New and Expanded Partnerships Key partnership news from Facebook, Google, Nintendo and Xiaomi Unite Los Angeles 2016 -- Unity Technologies announced a host of new and expanded partnerships with leaders in software, platforms, and hardware, to better serve and scale the growing community of Unity creators worldwide. Facebook revealed its new dedicated PC gaming platform Facebook Gameroom and announced open beta access of their export-to-Facebook feature in Unity Editor to all Unity developers, who can now reach one of the largest and most engaged audiences in the world. The public preview build is available here: https://fb.me/gameroom Google chose Unite LA to announce the November 10th street date of Google Daydream, and also confirmed that IAP will be available day one to help developers monetize their games and experiences at launch. Additional news includes: Support of Nintendo Switch at launch. Unity also announced that Nintendo's first game made specifically for smartphone, Super Mario Run, is made with Unity. Nintendo looked to Unity's engine and development environment to make the game a fun, graphically beautiful experience worthy of the Mario franchise. An exclusive relationship with Xiaomi, China's leading Android manufacturer (source: Device Intelligence) and host to one of the region's largest app stores. As part of the agreement Xiaomi will aid Unity developers in the region's required licensing process, making it much easier for them to enter the growing market which accounted for more than one-quarter of the 2.4 billion new unique devices seen by Unity in Q3. Native integration for AR platform Vuforia to support and accelerate new content creation. Today, developers use Unity and Vuforia together to create most of the platform's games, enterprise, and consumer 3D applications, including titles from Activision, EA, LEGO and Square Enix. To learn more, please visit: http://developer.vuforia.com/ With nearly 5 billion downloads of Made with Unity mobile games in Q3 alone, Unity continues to enable developers to create for and deploy to the platforms, audiences, and devices that matter most, from phones to console, VR, and AR. ABOUT UNITY TECHNOLOGIES Unity Technologies is the creator of a flexible and high-performance end-to-end development platform used to create rich interactive 2D, 3D, VR and AR experiences. Unity's powerful graphics engine and full-featured editor serve as the foundation to develop beautiful games or apps and easily bring them to multiple platforms: mobile devices, home entertainment systems, personal computers, and embedded systems. Unity also offers solutions and services for creating games, boosting productivity, and connecting with audiences including Unity Ads, Unity Analytics, Unity Asset Store, Unity Cloud Build, Unity Collaborate, Unity Connect and Unity Certification. Unity Technologies serves millions of registered developers including large publishers, indie studios, students and hobbyists around the globe. For more information, visit: http://unity3d.com to see the latest games and experience created in Unity, go to: http://madewith.unity.com. View source version on businesswire.com: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20161101006593/en/ Contacts: Alight PR for Unity Technologies Melissa Sheridan, 415-609-6875 melissa@alightpr.com © 2016 Business Wire Sie erhalten auf FinanzNachrichten.de kostenlose Realtime-Aktienkurse von  und  mit der Push-Technologie von   Wie bewerten Sie die aktuell angezeigte Seite?sehr gut123456schlechtProblem melden Google+ Seite Nachrichten • Aktienkurse • DAX • Xetra-Orderbuch • Watchlist Ad hoc-Mitteilungen • Nachrichten Börsen • Aktien-Empfehlungen Branchen • Medien • Nachrichten-Archiv Impressum | AGB | Disclaimer • Presse • Mediadaten RSS-News von FinanzNachrichten.de kostenlos für Ihren Browser und Ihre Homepage
SUBSCRIBE NOWFOR HOME DELIVERY Home News Sports Business Autos Life + Home Entertainment Opinion Photo + Video More Home News Sports Business Autos Life + Home Entertainment Opinion Photo + Video Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account View the E-Newspaper Manage your Newsletters View your Insider deals and more Member ID Card Log Out Follow Search Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. TOP TRENDING x Share 1 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest NHTSA scares robot car entrepreneur off the road The agency asked for system data and if he didn’t respond by Nov. 10, he risked penalties of $20,000 a day Post to Facebook NHTSA scares robot car entrepreneur off the road The agency asked for system data and if he didn’t respond by Nov. 10, he risked penalties of $20,000 a day  Check out this story on detroitnews.com: http://detne.ws/2faxOb8 {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. Join the Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs NHTSA scares robot car entrepreneur off the road Kyle Stock, Bloomberg News 2:41 p.m. EDT November 1, 2016 Self-driving cars are getting closer by the day, but they won’t be coming from hacking phenomenon George Hotz. Hotz, the first person to jailbreak an iPhone and a vagabond of the world’s top tech companies, has scrapped his self-driving project after receiving a stern letter from the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration. Hotz said via Twitter that he would be exploring other products and other markets. “I would much rather spend my life building amazing tech than dealing with regulators and lawyers,” he wrote. “It isn’t worth it.” While Google, Uber, and a crowd of automakers pour billions of dollars into self-driving technology, Hotz took the Best Buy route, cobbling his system together with cheap, off-the-shelf cameras and GPS units paired with artificial intelligence software that “learns” en route. He had been at it about a year. When Businessweek went on a ride along in December, Hotz’s white Acura had a joystick where a gear shift knob would be and a 21.5-inch Dell computer screen mounted vertically on the center console. He said his prototype cost about $20,000, roughly what Google pays its interns over the course of a summer. “Don’t touch any buttons, or we’ll die,” he said at the time. Over time, Hotz, who has worked briefly at Google, SpaceX, and Facebook, essentially trained the system as if it were a 15-year-old, driving manually for hours while the computers recorded what he was doing. Over time, it got better and better. His plan was to sell the system, dubbed “Comma One,” as an after-market kit for $999. The slogan: “Ghostriding for the masses.” The NHTSA letter, penned Oct. 27 by the agency's top attorney, reminded Hotz that his venture would be considered a manufacturer of motor vehicle equipment and, as such, is subject to federal oversight. “As you are undoubtedly aware, there is a high likelihood that some drivers will use your product in a manner that exceeds its intended purpose,” it read. Among other things, the agency asked for a copy of Comma One installation steps, user instructions, and a description of what might happen if the system were put in a car that doesn’t support it. If Hotz didn’t respond by Nov. 10, he risked penalties of up to $20,000 a day. “Mr. Hotz’s decision to cancel the product is his own,” NHTSA spokesman Bryan Thomas said in an email. Hotz didn’t immediately respond to a request for comment. The magic and wonder of self-driving dreams have taken a dark turn in recent months. In May, an Ohio man was killed when his 2015 Tesla drove itself under the trailer of an 18-wheeler in Florida. The white side of the rig didn’t stand out against the bright sky, according to the automaker. A few weeks later, NHTSA released data showing the largest increase in U.S. traffic fatalities in almost five decades. While some have said the grisly metrics makes a case for fast-tracking robot cars, others argue that automated driving systems are exacerbating accidents by inciting driver distraction. Regulators, traditionally laissez-fare about self-driving technology, jumped into action and opened a probe into the fatal Tesla accident. Meanwhile, the Transportation Department unveiled in mid-September a set of 15 rules outlining how driverless cars should be tested and programmed. It appears the news will cost Hotz a bet against Tesla CEO Elon Musk. Hotz had promised that he would best Mobileeye, the driver-assist package that went into Teslas. “Frankly, I think you should just work at Tesla,” Musk wrote to Hotz in an email. Perhaps, the offer is still good. 1 CONNECTTWEETLINKEDINCOMMENTEMAILMORE Read or Share this story: http://detne.ws/2faxOb8 TOP VIDEOS Pistons owner Tom Gores discusses possible move downtown 5:50 Tom Izzo on Dan Gilbert's $15 Million gift to MSU 2:14 ZF TRW automotive demonstrates self-driving technology 1:57 Building Mars spaceship parts in Metro Detroit 1:38 Tour the Detroit riverfront's industrial heart 2:27 Hamtramck’s Bon Bon Bon crafts artisan chocolates 3:55 Tomorrow's doctors have fun at the Little Medical School 0:39 New housing, retail development in New Center breaks ground 2:48 Henry Payne goes 0 to 60 in the Porsche Boxster-Cayman 2:01 Open Streets in Detroit 1:47
null
Skip to navigation Skip to content News All News Local News All Local News Off-Island Gazette West Island Gazette Montreal @ the moment Quebec National World Opinion All Opinion Columnists Editorials Letters Aislin and Pascal editorial cartoons Sports All Sports Hockey Inside/Out Hockey Hockey Inside/Out All Hockey Montreal Canadiens NHL World Juniors Football All Football Montreal Alouettes CFL NFL Soccer All Soccer Montreal Impact MLS Baseball Basketball All Basketball NBA NCAA Tennis Golf Auto Racing Business All Business FP Markets FP Headlines FP Money Energy Local Business All Local Business Aerospace Personal Finance Real Estate Retail Technology All Technology Gaming Internet Personal Tech Science Tech-Biz Arts Local Arts All Arts Showbiz Chez Nous Movies All Movies Movie Listings Television All Television TV Listings Theatre Music Books Celebrity Life All Life Fashion & Beauty Food All Food Recipes Local Food Reviews Health All Health Diet & Fitness Family & Child Men Women Seniors Sexual Health Diet & Fitness Homes All Homes Buying and Selling Condos Decorating Renovating Gardening Vacation Homes Parenting Relationships Travel Royals Careers Obits Classifieds All Classifieds FlyerCity Shopping Announcements Browse Listings Place a Classifieds Ad Driving Subscribe News Quebec |Featured: Police surveillance scandal Métro at 50 Hockey Inside/Out Aislin, Boris & Gigot | More Sign In Sign Out Subscribe Advertise Opinion Gallery of the latest Aislin, Pascal and Boris cartoons Business Tax Strategy: Cash gifts to a child are not taxable Life Susan Schwartz: Breaking the mental illness stigma Music Harmonium's classic album L'Heptade set to be re-released Nov. 18 Driving.ca Driving: Classic DB6 Vantage marked a turning point for Aston ... 5 / 5 'Blocking Internet is like blocking wind,' radicalization conference hears Caroline Plante, Montreal Gazette More from Caroline Plante, Montreal Gazette Published on: November 1, 2016 | Last Updated: November 1, 2016 7:07 PM EST Quebec Premier Philippe Couillard speaks to reporters at a news conference on youth radicalization, as part of a UNESCO conference on radicalization, in Quebec City on Tuesday, November 1, 2016. Christine St-Pierre, Quebec minister of International Relations and La Francophonie, looks on. Jacques Boissinot / THE CANADIAN PRESS Share Adjust Comment Print QUEBEC — Pulling hate material from the Internet will never be enough to curb the phenomenon of violent extremism, the head of free expression and international relations at Google told a conference on radicalization Tuesday. “What we’ve seen over the past couple of years is a realization that simply taking the content down doesn’t work because one website goes down, two or three more are up the very next day,” Ross LaJeunesse said. “Simply taking down the content doesn’t address the feeling and the hatred which caused the speech in the first place. You need to engage the speakers who are promoting radicalization and hate online.” He acknowledged that Google, the U.S.-based company that runs a search engine and the video-sharing service YouTube, has a role to play and argued the company is taking that responsibility very seriously. “We have started doing various programs, where, much like a regular advertising campaign, when someone searches for a key word that we think indicates they’re looking for radical content, we then show them an advertising campaign about content that counters that speech,” LaJeunesse said. Also, “we don’t allow violent images on YouTube, we don’t allow pornography, we’ve always built YouTube to be a community where everyone is going to feel comfortable participating and speaking and watching content that they like.” LaJeunesse added people must differentiate between YouTube, which Google controls, and the Internet, which the company doesn’t control. Many people equate Google with all of the Internet, he said. When young people search the Internet, they’re asking questions and are usually not confirmed radicals, the conference heard on Tuesday. They’re at a stage where you can reach them, engage them, and present them with authentic, alternative voices. Arguing that “blocking the Internet is a bit like trying to block wind,” panellists agreed that instead of focusing on censorship, societies should teach young people to navigate through the overload of information on the Internet and help them determine what is credible and what is bunk. “Basically, you want the younger generation to question everything,” said Anantha Kumar Duraiappah, director of the UNESCO Mahatma Gandhi Institute of Education for Peace and Sustainable Development (MGIEP). Duraiappah insisted the most important skill to have in the 21st century is critical inquiry, “deconstructing an argument and then reconstructing it to see if you’re comfortable with it, being able to say ‘That’s not right.’ ” He said he’d also like young people to “fire their Gandhi neurons,” in other words, express compassion and empathy, and develop the moral courage to change. All of that has to be in school curricula, Duraiappah argued, because it is what will help teenagers build their identities and belief systems.  While not promising to change the curriculum in Quebec, Premier Philippe Couillard said it is important to maintain an “analysis culture.”  “We’re doing it — are we doing it enough, that’s another question to be resolved,” he said. Couillard announced $10,000 for a “No to hate” campaign that will travel across Quebec schools and youth clubs in the months to come.  cplante@postmedia.com twitter.com/cplantegazette  Opinion: MUHC's budget plight shows the need for activity-based hospital funding Police surveillance scandal: Quebec tightens rules for monitoring journalists Comments We encourage all readers to share their views on our articles and blog posts. We are committed to maintaining a lively but civil forum for discussion, so we ask you to avoid personal attacks, and please keep your comments relevant and respectful. If you encounter a comment that is abusive, click the "X" in the upper right corner of the comment box to report spam or abuse. We are using Facebook commenting. Visit our FAQ page for more information. Video Connect With Us Email Alerts Get the latest news in your mailbox as it happens Latest Local News National The Trump effect and the normalization of hate in Quebec Local News Nov. 15, 1976: Parti Québécois victory shakes Canada Local News Decision expected on SQ officers alleged to have abused aboriginal women Latest Local Business Healthy options are a package deal at Oatbox and Yumibox Blaze at Victoria Park: 'It was like an earthquake' Gildan swoops in as American Apparel files for bankruptcy Arya: Recognizing investment factors could help lessen portfolio risk Weather Weather Currently Feels Like We want you to have the most accurate weather report you can. Please enter a valid postal code Traffic Trending Stories Marianne Ihlen: More than Leonard Cohen's muse Jack Todd: A heaping helping of crow over my Carey Price call The Trump effect and the normalization of hate in Quebec Saturday Night Live marks passing of Leonard Cohen with opening Hallelujah Cleanup begins after fire at Antonio Park's Montreal restaurants Best Of Postmedia 'I was empty, foggy, confused': Margaret Trudeau talks about mental health Margaret Trudeau "lived in a private hell" for years before being diagnosed with bipolar disorder. Windsor police investigate, call for calm after bullying video goes viral A video showing a group of Windsor teenagers surrounding and attacking another female teen has drawn a furious response from social media — but even those who know the victim ... Veterans urge another look at Clayton Matchee case in light of malaria drug's side effects Former Canadian Airborne soldier Clayton Matchee lives in a North Battleford home afflicted with brain damage from a suicide attempt — a desperate act after he was charged in the ... Classified Buy, sell and trade smarter. Stories, pictures and tributes to life. View and place obituaries, and more. Share the joy. Tell the world. Read and place announcements here. The faster, fresher and greener way to shop flyers. Find the job you want in your city. View and place job listings, and more. × Share 'Blocking Internet is like blocking wind,' radicalization conference hears Email Twitter Facebook Pinterest Google+ Linkedin News All News Local News Quebec National World Opinion All Opinion Columnists Editorials Letters Aislin and Pascal editorial cartoons Sports All Sports Hockey Inside/Out Hockey Football Soccer Baseball Basketball Tennis Golf Auto Racing Business All Business FP Markets FP Headlines FP Money Energy Local Business Technology Arts Local Arts All Arts Showbiz Chez Nous Movies Television Theatre Music Books Celebrity Life All Life Fashion & Beauty Food Health Diet & Fitness Homes Parenting Relationships Travel Royals © 2016 Postmedia Network Inc. All rights reserved. Unauthorized distribution, transmission or republication strictly prohibited. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Classifieds Driving Obits Announcements FlyerCity Shopping Careers Browse Listings Place a Classified Ad Legal Privacy Terms Copyright & Permissions Services Advertise With Us Subscribe My Subscription Contact ePaper Digital Access Manage Newsletters Contests Properties Calgary Herald Canada.com Edmonton Journal National Post Ottawa Citizen Leader-Post (Regina) The StarPhoenix (Saskatoon) The Province (Vancouver) Vancouver Sun Windsor Star
Toggle navigation Toggle search All your technology ... Menu Skip to content Home News About Us Contact US Privacy Search: All your technology news in one place! News from Apple, Google, Microsoft and more! Microsoft not happy with Google’s disclosure of Windows bug – CNET Posted on November 1, 2016 by CNET Google on Monday disclosed details about a critical vulnerability in Windows, and Microsoft isn’t happy about it. The bug can be used to bypass the security sandboxing in the Windows32K system, Google said in a blog post. Compounding the issue, Google … Microsoft’s sales of Windows 7 and 8.1 licenses to OEMs has endedWinBeta Microsoft Is Ticked At Google For Publicizing A Windows Security FlawGeek Microsoft attacks Google’s Windows hack alertBBC News Android Headlines -VentureBeat -The Guardian -Fox News all 144 news articles …read more wrote 21353 posts Post navigation ← Older Newer → All your technology news in one place! News from Apple, Google, Microsoft and more! Archives Archives Select Month November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 July 2014 June 2014 Recent News MacBook Pro Reviews fly in while Apostle Schiller continues to Warns us of the Evils of a Touch Display on Macs – Patently Apple Here’s what Snapchat Spectacles video looks like – CNET FriendFinder Investigates Report of Breached Accounts – Wall Street Journal As AMD mulls GPU for 32-core Zen chip, it develops software tools – PCWorld New MacBook Pro With Touch Bar Reviews Are Mixed – AppAdvice Subscribe to our Newsletter Email * © 2016 All your technology news in one place! - Powered by WordPress - Melany theme by deshack
null
null
null
Close Skip to main content sign in Saved for later Comment activity Edit profile Email preferences Change password Sign out become a supporter subscribe search jobs more from the guardian: jobs change edition: switch to the UK edition switch to the AU edition switch to the INT edition US edition switch to the UK edition switch to the Australia edition switch to the International The Guardian home › soccer live scores tables competitions results fixtures clubs home election 2016 US world opinion sports selected soccer selected tech arts lifestyle fashion business travel environment browse all sections close Champions League Manchester City 3-1 Barcelona: Champions League – as it happened Manchester City beat Barcelona at the fifth time of asking, coming from behind in a thrilling match at the Etihad Stadium Check the Champions League group standings Updated Pep Guardiola on Manchester City’s stunning win over Barcelona Barry Glendenning @bglendenning Tuesday 1 November 2016 18.00 EDT Last modified on Wednesday 2 November 2016 01.24 EDT Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Key events Show 5.36pm EDT 17:36 Full-time: Man City 3-1 Barcelona 5.16pm EDT 17:16 GOAL! Man City 3-1 Barcelona (Gundogan 74) 4.52pm EDT 16:52 GOAL! Man City 2-1 Barcelona (De Bruyne 50) 4.46pm EDT 16:46 Second half: Man City 1-1 Barcelona 4.44pm EDT 16:44 An email from Matthew Turner Allen 4.25pm EDT 16:25 GOAL! Man City 1-1 Barcelona (Gundogan 39) 4.07pm EDT 16:07 GOAL! Man City 0-1 Barcelona (Messi 21) Live feed Show 6.00pm EDT 18:00 Manchester City turn on style to stun Barcelona in Champions League victory Read more Manchester City manage the impossible and keep Lionel Messi in check | Paul Wilson Read more Selfless Sergio Agüero lights spark that fires Manchester City to victory | Andy Hunter Read more Updated at 8.32pm EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 5.46pm EDT 17:46 Elsewhere in this group: Celtic have drawn 1-1 with Borussia Moenchengladbach in Germany, which is further good news for Manchester City. They’re on seven points now, two points behind Barca and three ahead of the Bundesliga outfit. If they win in Germany next time out, they’re through to the last 16. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 5.41pm EDT 17:41 A famous City win: Despite enjoying just 41% of the possession to Barca’s 59%, City put Barcelona to the sword courtesy of an Ilkay Gundogan brace and one from Kevin De Bruyne after Lionel Messi had put the visitors ahead. It was a great game of football, so make sure to seek out the highlights if you can - you won’t be disappointed. A worrying number of Barcelona’s second string players seemed out of their depth, with reserve defenders Samuel Umtiti and Sergi Roberto having paerticularly poor games. Let’s not take away from City, mind - they kept Barcelona’s peerless attacking trio fairly quiet and were little short of rampant in a second half in which Barcelona were totally bossed. The City players celebrate at the final whistle. Photograph: Tom Jenkins for the Guardian Updated at 5.46pm EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 5.36pm EDT 17:36 Full-time: Man City 3-1 Barcelona Peep! Peep! Peeeeeep! Referee Viktor Kassai signals a momentous night in Manchester City’s history with three shrill blasts on his whistle. They’ve finally beaten Barcelona at the fifth time of asking. It was an outstanding performance by Pep Guardiola’s side - with the exception of a shaky spell during the first half, they made Barcelona look very ordinary. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 5.33pm EDT 17:33 90+2 min: City win a corner off Samuel Umtiti after good work down the right from Aguero. Silva takes it short to the Argentinian as they attempt to run down the clock. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 5.32pm EDT 17:32 90+1 min: Barca win a free-kick, which is curled towards Leo Messi at the far post. Unmarked in acres of space, he makes a mess of his header when he should have scored. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 5.31pm EDT 17:31 89 min: Barcelona lump the ball forward in an uncharacteristically agricultural fashion and Luis Suarez is jeered as he makes a pig’s ear of an overhead kick. City’s supporters are loving this. Updated at 5.31pm EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 5.29pm EDT 17:29 88 min: Man City substitution: Kevin De Bruyne goes off to a standing ovation and is replaced by Nolito. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 5.28pm EDT 17:28 86 min: Barcelona keep plugging away, with Neymar, Lucas Digne and Messi combining as they try to pull a goal back. Busquets wins a header that threatens to drop at the feet of Messi in a dangerous position, but Big Willy is quick off his line to snuff out the danger. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 5.26pm EDT 17:26 85 min: City’s fans are in fine voice as the cheer their team to what looks like certain victory. They’re two goals ahead with only five minutes remaining. What could possibly go wrong, eh? Eh? Oh. Pep Guardiola urges on his players from the sidelines. Photograph: Tom Jenkins for the Guardian Updated at 5.37pm EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 5.25pm EDT 17:25 83 min: Barca win yet another corner, but at the third or fourth time of asking, Man City clear at the near post and set off on the counter-attack. Barcelona eventually clear their lines with Busquets whacking the ball out of play. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 5.24pm EDT 17:24 82 min: Okay, maybe five or six yards. Messi takes it, but the defensive wall blocks. Corner for Barca, which is quickly followed by another one. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 5.23pm EDT 17:23 81 min: Free-kick for Barcelona just outside the Manchester City penalty area after Otamendi clatters into the back of Luis Suarez. It’s a little left of centre, approximately two yards outside the box. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 5.22pm EDT 17:22 79 min: A lovely touch from David Silva, who dinks a short pass into the penalty area that allows Aguero to shoot from a very tight angle. It’s just a little bit too tight. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 5.20pm EDT 17:20 77 min: Barcelona substitution: Rafinha on for Andre Gomes. Meanwhile in Germany, Celtic have equalised against Borussia Moenchengladbach, a state of affairs that leaves City two points behind Barca and three points clear of the Bundesliga side as things stand in Group C. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 5.18pm EDT 17:18 76 min: Sergio Busquets has been booked for some indiscretion or other. I’m not sure why - possibly for protesting about something or other after City scored. Sergio Busquets and Andre Gomes complain about a handball in the lead up to the third goal. Photograph: Tom Jenkins for the Guardian Updated at 5.21pm EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 5.16pm EDT 17:16 GOAL! Man City 3-1 Barcelona (Gundogan 74) City extend their lead with another fine goal. Kevin De Bruyne plays the ball through the inside right to Navas, who squares it. It hits the back of - I think - Aguero and bounces kindly for Gundogan, who scores his second of the evening from about eight yards. Ilkay Gundogan celebrates after scoring the third. Photograph: Tom Jenkins for the Guardian Updated at 5.23pm EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 5.15pm EDT 17:15 76 min: Barcelona win a corner, which Neymar swings in from the right. Willy Caballero is quick off his line to punch clear. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 5.14pm EDT 17:14 72 min: Aguero picks up the ball on the left and skips forward. The ball finds its way to Navas on the right touchline and his cross is cleared by Mascherano. Barcelona are all over the place here, looking really out of sorts. City are giving their makeshift defence all sorts of problems and they’re not coping very well. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 5.12pm EDT 17:12 70 min: Manchester City substitution: Raheem Sterling, who has been excellent, makes way for Jesus Navas. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 5.10pm EDT 17:10 69 min: Ilkay Gundogan plays the ball forward to David Silva in the Barca penalty area, but the Spaniard is uncharacteristically slow to make a decision and is shepherded out of play. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 5.09pm EDT 17:09 68 min: Now De Bruyne turns provider, playing the ball inside to Sterling, who brings a smart save out of Marc-Andre ter Stegen. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 5.08pm EDT 17:08 67 min: This is a real ding-dong battle. City go close again, with Kevin De Bruyne curling an effort narrowly wide of the upright after being set up by Raheem Sterling. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 5.07pm EDT 17:07 65 min: So close from Barcelona, as Andre Gomes rattles the crossbar from just outside the penalty area with a free shot on goal. Luis Suarez nutmegs John Stones, advances and squares the ball for Gomes who really should have scored. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 5.05pm EDT 17:05 62 min: Sergio Roberto is having an absolute mare for Barcelona tonight. He sloppily cedes possession to Kolarov, who gallops down the left flank and squares the ball for Kevin De Bruyne. The Belgian stretches every sinew but just fails to prod the ball home. To his right, from a narrow angle, Aguero tries to divert the ball into the net, but his effort is blocked by Samuel Umtiti. Kevin De Bruyne just fails to connect from a Kolarov cross. Photograph: Tom Jenkins for the Guardian Updated at 5.13pm EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 5.03pm EDT 17:03 62 min: Barca substitution: Arda Turan on for Ivan Rakitic. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 5.02pm EDT 17:02 60 min: Kolarov gets booked for obstructing Ivan Rakitic in front of the dug-outs. Manchester City substitution: Fernando on for Fernandinho, who must have picked up a knock. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 5.00pm EDT 17:00 58 min: Barcelona are being made to look very ordinary indeed in the opening stages of this second half. They’re struggling to get the ball out of their own half and are reduced to persistent fouling in a bid to put a stop to City’s impressive gallop. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 4.59pm EDT 16:59 56 min: Busquets fouls De Bruyne on the left flankconceding a free-kick in line with the edge of the Barca penalty area. Silva curls the ball across the face of the six-yard box, where Sergio Aguero leaps like a diminutive Argentinian salmon. His downward header bounces inches wide of the left upright. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 4.57pm EDT 16:57 53 min: Another chance from City, who have Barcelona on the ropes. Sterling crosses from the inside left and this time it’s Sergio Aguero stretching every sinew. He doesn’t reach the ball and may have been flagged for offside even if he had. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 4.55pm EDT 16:55 53 min: City go close again! They won a free-kick wide on the left, whicxh Kevin de Bruyne curled in from the right touchline. Umtiti headed towards the bottom left-hand corner and it just needed a touch from Otamendi at the far post, but the defender couldn’t quite reach. Nicolas Otamendi stretches but doesn’t connect. Photograph: Tom Jenkins for the Guardian Updated at 5.02pm EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 4.54pm EDT 16:54 52 min: That was decent free-kick from De Bruyne, but far from unstoppable. He aimed for the top right-hand corner, but didn’t quite nail his effort in terms of accuracy. It didn’t matter, the ball went in anyway. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 4.52pm EDT 16:52 GOAL! Man City 2-1 Barcelona (De Bruyne 50) Kevin De Bruyne scores from the free-kick, with an effort Marc-Andre ter Stegen should have saved. I think he got a hand to it, but was unable to keep the ball out after having his view obscure by the defensive wall. Kevin de Bruyne scores from a sublime free-kick. Photograph: Tom Jenkins for the Guardian De Bruyne celebrates after scoring the second. Photograph: Tom Jenkins for the Guardian Updated at 5.07pm EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 4.51pm EDT 16:51 50 min: City break on the counter again and Busquets brings down David Silva on the edge of the Barcelona penalty area. Free-kick for the home side in a great position, slightly left of centre a yard or two outside the D. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 4.50pm EDT 16:50 49 min: Neymar goes down injured after coming out worse from a Nicolas Otamendi challenge. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 4.49pm EDT 16:49 47 min: Another cock-up from Sergi Roberto, who squares the ball across his own area again as he tries to play it to Sergio Busquets. City pounce again, but a heavy touch from Raheem Sterling results in the winger taking the ball wide and shooting into the side-netting from a tight angle. He should have done a lot better there. Updated at 4.50pm EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 4.46pm EDT 16:46 Second half: Man City 1-1 Barcelona 46 min: We’re off and running in the second half, with no changes on either side. Manchester City finished the first in the ascendancy and get the ball rolling for the second. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 4.44pm EDT 16:44 An email from Matthew Turner Allen Or Matthew Allen Turner, I’m not quite sure. “Not sure if you noticed but you seem to be able to create goals at will,” he writes. “Simply mention how well one team is doing and the other team instantly scores. With great power comes great responsibility, Barry. You know what you have to do.” I have actually noticed this in recent minute-by-minute reports I’ve done and am well aware of my obligations. Don’t you worry about that. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 4.34pm EDT 16:34 Half-time: City and Barca go in for their half-time libation with the score level at 1-1. City started well, only to be punished with extreme prejudice for their only error of the half. Having spent the middle 15 minutes of the half on the back foot, they equalised courtesy of Gundogan’s second goal for the club and finished the half looking full of confidence. It’s been an entertaining 45 minutes and it’s all nicely poised for a thrilling second half. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 4.31pm EDT 16:31 45 min: City win a free-kick wide on the left and David Silva floats the ball towards the far post. Barcelona clear and the ref blows for half-time. There hasn’t been a second of added time. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 4.30pm EDT 16:30 43 min: Messi scuttles into the Manchester City penalty area with the ball glued to his toe, only to have it unglued by a wonderfully timed tackle from Fernandinho. That’s splendid defending. Fernandinho stops Messi’s run into the box. Photograph: Tom Jenkins for the Guardian Updated at 4.35pm EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 4.29pm EDT 16:29 43 min: Oof! City have a near miss after Rakitic loses the ball in midfield. Silva gets forward up the inside left and cuts the ball back for Fernaninho, who shoots low, diagonally and this much wide of the right upright. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 4.27pm EDT 16:27 40 min: Sloppy stuff from Barca, who are punished when Sergi Roberto made the schoolboy error of squaring the ball across his own penalty area and getting caught out badly. Ilkay Gundogan is the grateful recipient of a cross to the far post from Raheem Sterling after the winger had received the ball from Sergio Aguero. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 4.25pm EDT 16:25 GOAL! Man City 1-1 Barcelona (Gundogan 39) Ilkay Gundogan rifles home from close range after Barcelona get caught out while trying to play the ball out from the back. It’s all square in Manchester. Ilkay Gundogan fires in from close range. Photograph: Dave Thompson/AP Updated at 4.33pm EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 4.24pm EDT 16:24 38 min: Barcelona seem to have found their groove in recent minutes and are starting to give City the run-around. Rakitic tees up Suarez, but his low diagonal drive is blocked by Stones. Meanwhile in Germany, Borussia Moenchengladbach have gone a goal up against Celtic. As things stand, Manchester City are third in Group C, two points behind Moenchen. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 4.22pm EDT 16:22 35 min: Barcelona squander another two chances in quick succession. Stones blocks from Suarez, then a Messi cross to the head of Suarez on the edge of the six-yard box is a wee bit too high. Suarez can’t keep his header down after a cross from Messi. Photograph: Tom Jenkins for the Guardian Updated at 4.30pm EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 4.20pm EDT 16:20 33 min: A heavy touch by Neymar in the Manchester City penalty area costs him a shooting opportunity from about 12 yards after good work from Andre Gomes, who’d pulled the ball back from the byline. Manchester City clear. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 4.18pm EDT 16:18 32 min: City win a free-kick on the edge of the final third for a Suarez foul on Fernandinho. Kevin De Bruyne curls the ball towards the far post, but his delivery is poor and no use to man or beast. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 4.17pm EDT 16:17 30 min: Manchester City continue to press Barcelona and are playing well despite being a goal down. The longer the game goes on, the easier Barcelona are likely to find it to stay on the ball as their opponents tire. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 4.14pm EDT 16:14 29 min: Neymar takes one for the team, fouling Raheem Sterling to foil a Manchester City counter-attack in its infancy. He’s duly booked and can have no complaints. Neymar takes out Raheem Sterling. Photograph: Tom Jenkins for the Guardian Updated at 4.24pm EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 4.13pm EDT 16:13 28 min: Neymar is released down the left wing and has the freedom of the pitch to make a diagonal run into the Man City penalty area. From a narrow angle, he elects to shoot for the top corner and his effort takes a defelction off John Stones to go out for a corner. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 4.12pm EDT 16:12 26 min: Messi advances on the City penalty area with options to his left and right. He chooses the wrong one, opting to play the ball left when Andre Gomes was in acres of space to his right. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 4.10pm EDT 16:10 25 min: City win a corner, which is half-cleared. Gundogan shoots straight at Marc-Andre ter Stegen Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 4.09pm EDT 16:09 23 min: From a City free-kick, Messi played the ball to Neymar on the left flank and he hared down the wing before cutting inside and squaring the ball for his team-mate, who had galloped up in support. Messi slots the ball past Cabellero, just inside the left upright. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 1 of 2 Newest Newer Older Oldest Topics Champions League Manchester City Barcelona Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Reuse this content most viewed The Guardian back to top home election 2016 US world opinion sports selected soccer selected tech arts lifestyle fashion business travel environment all sections close home election 2016 US world UK europe americas asia middle east africa australia cities development opinion sports selected soccer selected MLS NFL MLB NBA NHL soccer selected live scores tables competitions results fixtures clubs tech arts movies tv & radio music games books art & design stage classical lifestyle food health & fitness love & sex family women home & garden fashion business economics sustainable business diversity & equality in business small business travel USA europe UK skiing environment climate change wildlife energy pollution science media crosswords blog editor quick cryptic prize quiptic genius speedy everyman azed video Soccer › Champions League Facebook Twitter jobs guardian labs subscribe all topics all contributors solve technical issue about us contact us complaints & corrections terms & conditions privacy policy cookie policy securedrop © 2016 Guardian News and Media Limited or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved.
News Entertainment Love & Sex Style Mind & Body Share < br />this article: Harvard women’s soccer team responds to the men’s “report” on their appearance Karen Fratti @karenfratti | 11.1.16 | 2:19 pm Share < br />this article: CREDIT: John Greim/Getty Images Just because someone is educated doesn’t mean they won’t be a total asshole. The Harvard women’s soccer team responded to the “scouting report” created by 2012 male soccer players ranking the incoming freshmen that year with a numerical score based on their appearance. The list included notes, a picture, and an assigned sexual position for each female player. The scouting report was discovered last week by The Harvard Crimson, the school’s paper, on a Google listserv leftover from 2012. There’s reference in the report to previous years’ “scouting reports,” but they weren’t recoverable. On some level, it’s almost sad that a bunch of Harvard bros couldn’t figure out how to lockdown a Google listserv, but that’s not the point here. It’s just gross that the women were ranked by the men as sexual objects and the pervy barely-adults swapped notes about how to have sex with them instead of seeing them as peers who could play soccer as well as them. The men’s analysis included lines like, “She seems to be very strong, tall and manly so, I gave her a 3 because I felt bad. Not much needs to be said on this one folks.” There’s an entry that praises the report from the year before for being correct that one girl was the hottest and the most STD ridden. Another concludes that a female player “wants cock.” I’d like to say that this kind of thing never happens, but it happens all the time. Sometimes, like in the case of James Madison University’s Kyle Surehan, someone’s expelled. Sometimes they’re never exposed. Do you hear that? It’s the sound of frats and athletic teams adding two step verification to their own “reports” across college campuses. Although the 2012 men’s team wouldn’t comment on the listserv to The Crimson, the women from that year stepped up to acknowledge it in an op-ed co-authored by Brooke Dickens, Kelsey Clayman, Alika Keene, Emily Mosbacher, Lauren Varela, and Haley Washburn. Instead of staying anonymous, they decided to speak for themselves, saying they’ve seen the report in full and its existence pretty much sums up what all women have to face. There’s the “locker room” talk aspect of it, but the idea that women’s bodies are objects for men goes far beyond athletic teams. They write that they aren’t embarrassed or pitying themselves, but say, “More than anything, we are frustrated that this is a reality that all women have faced in the past and will continue to face throughout their lives. We feel hopeless because men who are supposed to be our brothers degrade us like this.” The op-ed continues: “We are appalled that female athletes who are told to feel empowered and proud of their abilities are so regularly reduced to a physical appearance. We are distraught that mothers having daughters almost a half century after getting equal rights have to worry about men’s entitlement to bodies that aren’t theirs. We are concerned for the future, because we know that the only way we can truly move past this culture is for the very men who perpetrate it to stop it in its tracks. Having considered members of this team our close friends for the past four years, we are beyond hurt to realize these individuals could encourage, silently observe, or participate in this kind of behavior, and for more than four years have neglected to apologize until this week.” The women wrote that when it first came out they shrugged it off like it was a “normal” thing, and sadly it is. The headline is “Stronger Together,” and while it’s not political, they do write that they hope the report will “catalyze the cultivation of an environment and a culture that strives to lift up all of its members,” so there’s a mini nod to Hillary Clinton. They also call on not just women, but also men to help change things. They write: “To the men of Harvard soccer and to the men of the world, we invite you to join us, because ultimately we are all members of the same team. We are human beings and we should be treated with dignity. We want your help in combatting this. We need your help in preventing this. We cannot change the past, but we are asking you to help us now and in the future.” So the next time some asshole sends out a link to a Google Doc to rate women based on their looks, hopefully it doesn’t get made because too many men know that’s a bullshit thing to do. That means actually standing up for women though, and apparently you can be smart and talented and still be too scared to say something. It takes guts. You can learn from the 2012 women’s soccer team about how it’s done. Tags: harvard univeristy, locker room talk, rape culture, sexism Recommended for you Here are the 5 biggest wage gaps in the world and how they continue to exist PETA ad equating animal cruelty with rape goes too far Mila Kunis pens must-read essay on gender bias in the entertainment industry Stanford sexual assault survivor writes second powerful letter about her experience Trump said “smart women” don’t talk about feminism in 1998 so let’s examine the smart shit he says Amber Rose points out the classism that underlies Trump’s sexual assault allegations FROM DEEP IN THE INTERNET frisky fresh: our weekly edit Thank you for signing up for our newsletter. You will receive a confirmation shortly. Sign Up can't stop, won't stop Gift Guide: For The Broke-But-Aspiring Gwyneth Gift Guide: For The Materialistic Social Media Witch Gift Guide: For Your Friend Who’s Transitioning MOBILE SITE The Frisky is part of SpinMedia About The Frisky About SpinMedia Advertise Contact SpinMedia Privacy Policy Copyright SpinMedia | SPIN / VIBE / Celebuzz / The Superficial / The Frisky / Death and Taxes / Stereogum / Go Fug Yourself / Celebslam / Sounds Like Nashville
Tech Insider BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 If you think it's crazy that Snapchat might go public at a $40 billion valuation, here's something to consider Alyson Shontell Nov. 1, 2016, 2:08 PM 45,438 facebook linkedin twitter email print Snap CEO and cofounder Evan Spiegel. Reuters Snapchat wants to go public in the first half of 2017. Its valuation, Bloomberg reports, could be up to $40 billion. If you consider Snapchat's business today, that seems ludicrous. Snapchat, which recently changed its corporate name to Snap Inc., will reportedly generate about $300 million in 2016, up from roughly $50 million last year. Even if you believe Snap can generate $1 billion to $2 billion in 2017 — its rumored projection — a $40 billion initial public offering would give the company a hard-t0-justify 40X multiple. Its ad offerings and technology are relatively early days, compared with peers such as Google and Facebook, and TV ads — which Snap likely wants to compete against — are still generally priced much higher than online video units. Facebook, by comparison, is expected to generate about $27 billion this year. And although it boasts a massive $370 billion market cap, Facebook's stock is trading at only 10 times as much as next year's projected revenue. For many investors, that's reason enough to dismiss Snap. But if you ignore the numbers for a minute and look at Snap's product and leadership track record, it becomes much tougher to write the company off as an overhyped flash in the pan. If Snap's impact on the tech industry over the next five years is as profound as it was in the past five, then some of the heated expectations around the company might not be so outlandish. Imran Khan, Snap's chief strategy officer. (Photo by Slaven Vlasic/Getty Images for Advertising Week New York) Evan Spiegel is considered a product 'Picasso' Spiegel isn't a technical founder — someone who writes lines of code — like Google's Larry Page or Facebook's Mark Zuckerberg. And his company doesn't make decisions based on data, ignoring a fundamental tenet of Silicon Valley's engineering-driven companies. Instead, Snap operates more like a creative shop where Spiegel obsesses over the product. As one person who has worked there explained, if you imagined a movie director starting a company, with artists flowing in and out, that's what Snap's office vibe is like. Spiegel's emulation of Steve Jobs has been much talked about, with the 26-year-old Snap CEO sharing the late Apple founder's passion for showmanship, secrecy, and suspense when it comes to creating products. But Spiegel isn't just another Jobs imitator. He has proved multiple times that he can invent hit products that set industry trends. And like Jobs, he has some fiercely loyal followers who believe he's the real deal. "Admirers say Spiegel is as good at building products as Mark Zuckerberg and Steve Jobs," Recode's Kurt Wagner wrote. "And if you think that's hyperbole, you should talk to several of the sources we spoke to for this story, who casually likened him to Picasso." Radical-sounding ideas that have proved to be right Throughout Snap's five-year history, Spiegel has made a series of decisions that seemed crazy at first, but proved to be right. Consider: Before Snap, the internet was permanent. Every tweet, message, or photo was documented forever on sites such as Google and Facebook — even the unflattering ones. Snap single-handedly blew that up, introducing the notion of ephemerality. Whether it's teens regularly culling their Instagram accounts of posts that are more than a week old, or the bevy of messaging apps designed for self-destructing communication, Snap's idea is now increasingly the norm. Snap popularized vertical video, a format that makes much more sense on phones. Horizontal video, the so-called landscape mode that you watch TV shows and movies in, was the undisputed standard for video until Snap came along. Now a growing number of publishers, advertisers, and even online video rivals like YouTube have latched on to videos that are shot vertically. Turning down a roughly $4 billion acquisition offer from Facebook turned out to be smart. It's not easy to refuse an offer from Mark Zuckerberg — just ask the founders of Instagram, WhatsApp, and Oculus — especially when the offer is multiple billions of dollars. But three years later, Spiegel's company is already worth about five times Facebook's offering price, and if it IPOs at $40 billion, Snap will be worth 10 times that. He's rethinking the shape of photos and videos from squares to circles. The idea has yet to be proved, but Spiegel's logic is sound. For Snap's Spectacles sunglasses, "the video it records is circular, more like human vision," The Wall Street Journal's Seth Stevenson wrote. "Spiegel argues that rectangles are an unnecessary vestige of printing photos on sheets of paper." Snap doesn't have just one hit product — it has at least 6 Snap's Spectacles sunglasses record video. Snapchat When Snap launched, it looked like a fad. It was considered a sexting tool for college students that made lewd photos disappear. But a lot of red-hot apps that fail to keep innovating die shortly after launch: Yo, Ello, Meerkat, even Pokémon Go quickly lost its cool. Instead of riding out its one smash hit, Snap launched a series of new products that kept users sticking around: Snaps. In 2010, Snap launched its flagship feature: disappearing photo and video messages. Now more than 1 billion snaps are viewed every day. Video views on Snapchat have grown more than 350% in the last year, to more than 10 billion daily views. Stories. In October 2013, Snap allowed users to create strings of photos and videos that disappear in 24 hours, called Stories. Stories are now viewed by 10 million to 20 million users a day. Discover. Snap launched Discover, a section for media publications to post articles, in January 2015. Now 100 million users view it every month. That's vastly lower than the number of people who are snapping back and forth each day, so you could argue Discover isn't a hit. But it accomplished an important goal for Snap: It infatuated the media. This worked for Facebook when it began driving traffic to publishers from its news feed. Zuckerberg had reportedly been upset that journalists were infatuated with Twitter. So BuzzFeed's Jonah Peretti apparently advised him to "show them how much traffic you can drive. ... That will cure the journalists of their attachment to Twitter, and get better press for Facebook." Filters. They launched in December 2014, and users now view snaps with geofilters more than 1 billion times a day. Lenses and Messaging are also popular on Snapchat. Even sponsored lenses that Snap makes money from are getting a decent amount of user interaction. For example, Taco Bell's Cinco de Mayo taco-face selfie lens was viewed 224 million times. Of course, not everything Snap has launched has taken off. For example, Snap tried SnapCash, a service similar to the payments app Venmo, and a few in-app payment features that never went mainstream. But the company had enough hits to prove it's no one-trick pony. "One of the company's great attributes is their willingness to put out a lot of product," Snap investor Mitch Lasky told Recode. "Evan's got a lot of interesting ideas and he's absolutely fearless about putting them out there. If they don't work, so be it." Facebook's paranoia A major indicator of Snap's potential upside is Facebook's reaction to it. At first, things were cordial. Zuckerberg emailed Spiegel in November 2012 to say he was a fan of his app. Evan Spiegel/Twitter Within weeks of meeting Spiegel and his cofounder, Bobby Murphy, Zuckerberg launched a near clone of Snapchat, called Poke. The app failed shortly after it launched. One year later, reports surfaced that Facebook had made an offer to purchase Snap for billions of dollars, but Snap declined. Since then, Facebook has launched more than half a dozen apps and features that resemble Snapchat. The Verge put together a timeline of Facebook trying to copy Snap. It lists eight total instances, excluding the most recent cloning examples — such as Facebook's August launch of Instagram Stories, which mimics Snap's Stories features down to its name, and Live Masks, Snapchat-like face filters that Facebook announced in October. Snap seems to be the only real thorn in Facebook's side, catering to a younger audience of teens and 20-somethings that Facebook would love to have. And Facebook has a history of waging war on any product it deems a threat. For example, when Google launched its social media platform, Google Plus, Zuckerberg called an all-hands meeting and put the company on "lockdown," with employees encouraged to work around the clock to defeat the competition. "You know, one of my favorite Roman orators ended every speech with the phrase 'Carthago delenda est' — 'Carthage must be destroyed,'" Zuckerberg told employees. "For some reason I think of that now." How Snap looks compared with Twitter and Facebook Based on some of the data we have about Snap (the company has not yet publicly filed its prospectus), it's fair to say Snap isn't in the same league as Facebook was at the time of its IPO — though Snap is seeking a valuation of less than half of Facebook's. If Snap were to go public today, it would have significantly fewer users than the 900 million monthly actives Facebook had at its IPO. It would also have about one-tenth of Facebook's revenue — roughly $350 million versus Facebook's $3 billion to $4 billion. Facebook ended its first day of trading with a $104 billion market cap, about 26 times as much as its revenue. Although Facebook's value was cut in half four months later, it rebounded to its IPO price once the company mastered mobile monetization. (Facebook generated almost no mobile revenue when it went public.) Facebook's historical stock chart. Markets Insider But Snap is only five years old, and Facebook was eight when it was listed. When Facebook was Snap's age, though, it was generating roughly $650 million, about double that of Snap. If you compare Snap and Twitter, things look a little rosier. Twitter was seven when it went public, and had about the same number of active users then — about 230 million per month — as Snap likely has now. Snap has already passed Twitter in terms of daily active users, according to Bloomberg. Twitter had about 100 million daily active users when it went public. It generated about $665 million in 2013, less than Snap is hoping to make in its sixth year. Twitter's stock has been getting hammered lately on reports of layoffs, stalled growth, and lack of acquisition interest. The $27 billion market cap it had in 2013 has been sliced to about $12 billion today. And Twitter still has not managed to turn a profit. Markts Insider What will Snap become? Can Snap become a behemoth the size of Facebook or Google with more than 1 billion users? If so, then a $40 billion valuation isn't outrageous. Or will it become Twitter, which tried to chase Facebook's scale but never quite nailed the experience for the masses? Snap, like Twitter, isn't easy for non-millennials to immediately grasp. And Snap will need to attract older audiences if it wants to keep growing. “People, this is Barack Obama. If I can figure out how to Snapchat, you can figure out how to go vote.” https://t.co/vB2mD9MfDN — The New York Times (@nytimes) October 31, 2016 Snap could also become something else entirely — a $20 billion messaging app like WhatsApp, a $15 billion media company like Viacom, or a camera company like the much smaller $1.4 billion GoPro. Those are a lot of unknowns for public investors. But because the company is young, there could also be significant potential upside, and Spiegel has consistently proved that he isn't someone to underestimate. "When Snap started out, I thought it seemed trivial. I was completely wrong," Chamath Palihapitiya, a startup investor who hasn't invested in Snap, told Bloomberg. "I don't think anyone saw coming what they are building." Visit Markets Insider for constantly updated market quotes for individual stocks, ETFs, indices, commodities and currencies traded around the world. Go Now! SEE ALSO: What it’s like to work at Snapchat, one of the most secretive companies in tech NOW WATCH: The ‘Apple of China’ just unveiled a phone that’s more powerful and better looking than the iPhone Loading video... More: Snapchat Facebook Evan Spiegel IPO Markets Insider facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru If you think it's crazy that Snapchat might go public at a $40 billion valuation, here's something to consider If you think it's crazy that Snapchat might go public at a $40 billion valuation, here's something to consider Snapchat wants to go public in the first half... Recommended For You Featured As healthcare costs rise and patients demand better care, hospitals turn to new technologies More "Digital Industry Insider" » Brothers share what it was like quitting their corporate jobs to sell ties on the beach and cofound Vineyard Vines, a company worth nearly $1 billion More "Transformations" » Get Tech Insider Emails & Alerts Sign-Up Learn More » Tech Select Tech Chart Of The Day Business Insider Select 10 Things In Tech You Need To Know Mobile Insights BII Mobile Insights More Featured Business Insider Select Tech Select Tech Chart Of The Day Markets Chart Of The Day 10 Things Before the Opening Bell Instant MBA Business Insider Events BI Intelligence Daily Digital Industry Insider Finance Markets Select Your Money Select Smart Investor Finance Insider Strategy Strategy Select Advertising Select Retail Select Careers Select 10 Things You Need To Know In Advertising Politics Politics Select Military Select Life Life Select Education Select Entertainment Select Breaking News Tech Enterprise Select Science Select Mobile Chart Of The Day E-Commerce Chart Of The Day Payments Chart Of The Day Digital Media Chart Of The Day IoT Chart of the Day Fintech Briefing Charts of the Day Sports Chart Of The Day Top 10 Things 10 Things In Tech You Need To Know Closing Bell Sports Sports Research from BI Intelligence The Internet of Everything The Future of Financial Services Digital Media Ad Revenue: The path to $100 billion The Future of Retail Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2016 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR
null
Cell Phones & Plans Business Phone Home Phone Internet Television Deals Find the Best Cell Phone and Plan for You PhoneDog's innovative comparison tool can help you save on cell phones and plans. Find the best phone and plan for you today with PhoneDog! Compare Phones and Plans Compare Cell Phones Compare Cell Plans CREDO Mobile Tello Ting T-Mobile Sprint Pix Wireless The People's Operator Republic Wireless Boost Mobile Straight Talk AT&T Virgin Mobile Verizon Wireless Net10 No Contract Plans See all carriers Phone Categories Smartphone Basic Phones Waterproof/Rugged Phablets Free Phones Phone Manufacturers Apple HTC Motorola LG Samsung See All Manufacturers Cell Phone Reviews Cell Phone News Phone vs Phone Cell Phone Videos App Reviews Official Smartphone Rankings VoIP Long Distance Residential VoIP Holiday Deals Trending: iPhone 7 Google Pixel Official Smartphone Rankings Login Register Search Enter your keywords f g+ t Follow @phonedog yt         Google Daydream View VR headset officially launching on November 10 Android Alex Wagner Editorial Director of News and Content | November 1, 2016 23 shares 19 4 0 0 0 0 0 0 0               Following the launch of the Pixel and Pixel XL late last month, Google today revealed when another one of its major new products will launch. Google’s Daydream View virtual reality headset will launch on November 10. In addition to being available from the Google Store, the Daydream View will be available from the following retailers: United States: Verizon, Best Buy; $79 (USD) Canada: Bell, Rogers, Telus, Best Buy; $99 (CAD) United Kingdom: EE, Carphone Warehouse; £69 (GBP) Germany: Deutsche Telekom; €69 (EUR) Australia: Telstra, JB Hi-Fi; $119 (AUD) The Daydream View is a virtual reality headset that’ll let you use VR apps when you insert a Daydream-compatible phone into the unit. As of this writing, the only Daydream-compatible phones are the Pixel and Pixel XL. When the Daydream View arrives on November 10, there will be several apps available for owners to try out. Those include Hulu VR and YouTube VR, Street View, WSJ VR from the Wall Street Journal, and games like Danger Goat and Hunters Gate. Are you planning to buy a Daydream VR headset? Source:  Official Google Blog Android Virtual Reality Google Previous ArticleLeEco Le Pro3 and Le S3 flash sales happening today Next ArticleLenovo Phab 2 Pro with Google Tango features now available for purchase Don't forget to VOTE! Each week, PhoneDog Fans vote for their #1 smartphone in the Official Smartphone Rankings. Vote now and contribute to the industry's most relevant weekly ranking charts. Related Posts iOS 10.2 beta 1 now available to public testers AT&T boosts GoPhone data package add-ons Verizon eliminates two of its prepaid rate plans LeEco Le Pro3 and Le S3 flash sales happening today View the discussion thread. Select a phone: (optional) + - Any - Acer Liquid M220 Airave 2.5 Plus Alcatel 510A Alcatel 768 Alcatel 871A GoPhone Alcatel A206G Alcatel A382G Big Easy Alcatel A392G Alcatel A394C Alcatel Authority Alcatel Big Easy Flip Black Alcatel Cinch Alcatel Dawn Alcatel Fling Black Alcatel Ideal Alcatel Idol 4 Alcatel Idol 4S Alcatel Idol 4S with Windows 10 Alcatel One Touch 991 Alcatel One Touch Evolve Alcatel One Touch Idol Alcatel One Touch Scribe HD Alcatel One Touch Shockwave Alcatel One Touch Ultra Alcatel One Touch Yaris Black Alcatel OneTouch B3G Alcatel OneTouch Conquest Alcatel OneTouch Elevate Alcatel OneTouch Evolve 2 Alcatel OneTouch Evolve 2 ALCATEL ONETOUCH Fierce Alcatel OneTouch Fierce 2 Alcatel OneTouch Fierce 2 Alcatel OneTouch Fierce XL Alcatel ONETOUCH Fling Alcatel Onetouch Idol 3 (4.7") Alcatel Onetouch Idol 3 (5.5") Alcatel ONETOUCH Pixi Avion Alcatel onetouch Pixi Charm Alcatel onetouch Pixi ECLIPSE Alcatel onetouch Pixi GLITZ Alcatel onetouch Pixi Glory LTE Alcatel onetouch Pixi PULSAR Alcatel OneTouch Pop 7 Alcatel ONETOUCH POP Astro Alcatel OneTouch Pop Icon Alcatel OneTouch Pop Icon 2 Alcatel OneTouch Pop Mega Alcatel OneTouch Pop Nova Alcatel OneTouch Pop Star 2 Alcatel OneTouch Pop Star LTE Alcatel OneTouch Retro Alcatel OneTouch Retro ALCATEL OneTouch Sonic LTE Alcatel ONETOUCH Speakeasy Alcatel Pop C9 Alcatel Pop D3 Alcatel Sparq II Alcatel Sparq II Alcatel Venture Amazon Fire HD Kids Edition 6 inch Blue Amazon Fire Phone Amazon Kindle Fire 7 inch Black Amazon Kindle Fire HD 6 (2014) Amazon Kindle Fire HD 7 Amazon Kindle Fire HDX 7 inch Black 16GB Amazon Kindle Fire HDX 8.9 Black 16GB Amoi CS6 Silver Anna Sui Mobile by Samsung Apple iPad Apple iPad 2 Apple iPad 2 16GB Apple iPad 2 WiFi and 3G 16GB Black Apple iPad 4th Gen Apple iPad Air Apple iPad Air Apple iPad Air 2 Apple iPad Air 2 Apple iPad Air 2 16GB Space Gray Apple iPad Mini Apple iPad Mini Apple iPad mini 2 Apple iPad mini 3 Apple iPad Mini 3 Apple iPad mini 3 16GB Space Gray Apple iPad mini 4 Apple iPad mini with Retina Display Apple iPad mini with Retina display 16GB Silver Apple iPad Pro Apple iPad Pro 9.7 Apple iPad with Retina Display Apple iPhone Apple iPhone 16 GB Apple iPhone 3G 16 GB Apple iPhone 3GS Apple iPhone 4 Apple iPhone 4 32GB Black Apple iPhone 4S Apple iPhone 4S 64GB White Apple iPhone 5 Apple iPhone 5c Apple iPhone 5s Apple iPhone 6 Apple iPhone 6 Plus Apple iPhone 6s Apple iPhone 6s Plus Apple iPhone 7 Apple iPhone 7 Plus Apple iPhone SE Apple iPod Touch - 8GB Apple new iPad Apple new iPad WiFi and 4G 16GB Black Apple Watch Asus Eee Pad Memo ME370T Asus Eee Slate Asus Google Nexus 7 Asus Memo Pad 10 inch Black ASUS MeMO Pad 7 LTE ASUS MeMO Pad FHD 10 LTE Asus PadFone Black Asus Padfone mini Asus PadFone X ASUS PadFone X mini Asus Transformer Asus Transformer Prime TF700T ASUS ZenFone 2 ASUS ZenFone 2E Asus ZenFone 4 Asus ZenFone 5 Asus ZenFone 6 ASUS ZenFone Zoom Asus ZenWatch ASUS ZenWatch 2 AT&T Cingular Flip AT&T Mobile Hotspot Elevate 4G AT&T Mobile Hotspot MiFi 2372 AT&T Radiant GoPhone AT&T Unite AT&T Unite Pro AT&T USBConnect Adrenaline AT&T USBConnect Momentum 4G AT&T USBConnect Turbo AT&T USBConnect Velocity AT&T Z222 GoPhone AT&T Z223 GoPhone AT&T Z998 GoPhone Audiovox 8425 Audiovox 9200 Audiovox CDM-105 / CDM-7000 Audiovox CDM-120 Audiovox CDM-8100 Audiovox CDM-8150X Audiovox CDM-8200 Audiovox CDM-8300 Audiovox CDM-8400 / CDM-8410 Audiovox CDM-8450 / CDM-8455 / VI600 Audiovox CDM-8500 Audiovox CDM-8600 Audiovox CDM-8615 Audiovox CDM-8900 Audiovox CDM-8910 / FLASHER V7/PM-8912 Audiovox CDM-8915 / Snapper Audiovox CDM-8930 Audiovox CDM-8940 Audiovox CDM-8940 Audiovox CDM-9100 Audiovox CDM-9150X Audiovox CDM-9155GPX Audiovox CDM-9200X Audiovox CDM-9500 Audiovox CDM-9600 Audiovox CDM-9900 Audiovox CDM-9950 Audiovox HTC-Apache / PPC-6700 Audiovox PC-3320 Audiovox PC-5220 Audiovox PC5740 EVDO PC Card Audiovox PM-8920 Audiovox PPC 4100 Audiovox PPC-5050-Falcon Audiovox PPC-6600/6601 Audiovox SMT-5600 Audiovox THERA / 2032 Audiovox VI600 Audiovox VOX-8610 Audiovox XV6600 B-Mobile B1+ B-Mobile C240 3G Flip Barnes & Noble Nook 16GB Silver BenQ P50 BenQ T60 Betsey Johnson Mobile by Samsung Big Button Flip Alcatel A392G BlackBerry 6210 / 6230 BlackBerry 6280 BlackBerry 6510 BlackBerry 6710 BlackBerry 6750 BlackBerry 7100g BlackBerry 7100i BlackBerry 7100r BlackBerry 7100t BlackBerry 7100v BlackBerry 7100x BlackBerry 7105t BlackBerry 7130c BlackBerry 7130e BlackBerry 7130e BlackBerry 7230 / 7210 BlackBerry 7250 BlackBerry 7250 BlackBerry 7270 BlackBerry 7280 BlackBerry 7290 BlackBerry 7510 BlackBerry 7520 BlackBerry 7750 BlackBerry 7780 / 7730 BlackBerry 8700c BlackBerry 8700g BlackBerry 8703e BlackBerry 8703e BlackBerry 8800 BlackBerry 8820 BlackBerry 8830 BlackBerry 9000-Bold BlackBerry 9330 Titanium BlackBerry 9720 White BlackBerry Apollo BlackBerry Bold 9650 BlackBerry Bold 9650 BlackBerry Bold 9700 BlackBerry Bold 9780 BlackBerry Bold 9900 BlackBerry Bold 9930 BlackBerry Classic BlackBerry Curve 3G 9300 BlackBerry Curve 3G 9330 Charcoal BlackBerry Curve 8320 BlackBerry Curve 8330 BlackBerry Curve 8350i BlackBerry Curve 8520 BlackBerry Curve 8530 BlackBerry Curve 8530 BlackBerry Curve 8530 Black BlackBerry Curve 8900 BlackBerry Curve 9300 Black BlackBerry Curve 9310 BlackBerry Curve 9315 BlackBerry Curve 9320 BlackBerry Curve 9330 BlackBerry Curve 9350 BlackBerry Curve 9360 BlackBerry Curve 9370 BlackBerry Curve-8300 BlackBerry Curve-8310 Red BlackBerry DTEK50 BlackBerry Javelin BlackBerry Leap BlackBerry Passport BlackBerry Pearl 3G 9100 Black BlackBerry Pearl 3G 9105 Black BlackBerry Pearl 8110 BlackBerry Pearl 8120 BlackBerry Pearl 8130 BlackBerry Pearl 8130 White BlackBerry Pearl Flip 8220 BlackBerry Pearl Flip 8230 BlackBerry Pearl-8100 Blue BlackBerry PlayBook BlackBerry Priv BlackBerry Q10 BlackBerry Q5 White BlackBerry Storm BlackBerry Storm2 BlackBerry Style BlackBerry Thunder-9500 BlackBerry Torch 9800 BlackBerry Torch 9810 BlackBerry Torch 9860 BlackBerry Tour BlackBerry Z10 BlackBerry Z30 Blackphone 2 BLU Advance 4.0 BLU Dash 5.0+ BLU Dash X BLU Life One M Blu Life One X BLU Life One X BLU Life Play S BLU Life Play X BLU LIFE PRO BLU Life Pure BLU Life View BLU Life View Tab BLU Neo 4.5 BLU Pure XR BLU Studio 5.0 BLU Studio 5.0 C BLU Studio 5.0 C HD Black BLU Studio 5.0 II BLU Studio 5.0 II BLU Studio 5.0C BLU Studio 6.0 HD BLU Studio C 8+8 BLU Studio C Mini BLU Studio C Mini BLU Studio Energy BLU Studio Mini LTE BLU Studio Selfie LTE BLU Vivo 4.8 HD BLU Vivo IV BLU Vivo XL BLU Win HD Neon Green BLU Win JR White Boost MAX by ZTE Boost Warp 4G by ZTE Brigadier by Kyocera Casio EXILIM Casio G'zOne Boulder - Black & Silver CASIO G'zONE Ravine 2 (Non-Camera) Casio GzOne Brigade Casio GzOne Commando Casio GzOne Ravine Casio GzOne Ravine 2 Casio GzOne Rock CAT B15Q CAT S40 Compal AR-11 Red E SC1100 Coolpad Arise Coolpad Catalyst Coolpad Flo Coolpad Flo Black Coolpad Rogue Curitel Identity Curitel TX-110C Curitel TX-115C Curitel TX-120C Curitel TX-30B Curitel TX-50C Curitel TX-55C Curitel TX-60B/TX-61B Curitel TX-65B Curitel TX-95C Danger HIPTOP / SIDEKICK Color Danger HIPTOP / T-MOBILE SIDEKICK Danger HIPTOP 2 / SIDEKICK II Danger Sidekick-3 Danger Sidekick-iD Grey Dell Aero Dell Inspiron 14z Laptop Dell Inspiron Mini 10 with T-Mobile webConnect Dell Inspiron Mini 1012 Dell Streak 7 Dell Venue Dell Venue Pro Digital Chocolate Inc. Crazy Penguin Catapult Digix Tab 730 Double Power Nobis 7 Inch 8GB White DROID 2 by Motorola DROID 3 by Motorola DROID 4 by Motorola DROID BIONIC 4G by Motorola DROID by Motorola DROID CHARGE by Samsung Droid DNA by HTC DROID ERIS by HTC DROID INCREDIBLE 2 by HTC DROID Incredible 4G LTE by HTC DROID INCREDIBLE by HTC DROID Pro by Motorola DROID R2 D2 by Motorola DROID RAZR by Motorola DROID RAZR HD by Motorola DROID RAZR M by Motorola DROID RAZR MAXX by Motorola DROID RAZR MAXX HD by Motorola DROID Turbo DROID X by Motorola DROID X2 by Motorola Ematic 7 Inch HD quad-core Ematic EGD 170 Black Enact by LG Ericsson A1228C Ericsson A1228D / A1228LX Ericsson A2218Z Ericsson c905a Ericsson Equinox Ericsson R278D Ericsson R280 / R289 Ericsson R300D / R300LX Ericsson R300Z Ericsson R380 WORLD Ericsson R520 Ericsson T28-World Ericsson T39 Ericsson T60D / T60LX Ericsson T66 Ericsson T68 Ericsson TM506 Ericsson Vivaz Ericsson W350 Ericsson W518a Ericsson Z750a Eten Glofiish-X500 Firefly FireFly Franklin 3G-4G USB U600 Franklin CDU-550AL Franklin Ellipsis Jetpack Black Franklin U300 Aircard Franklin U301 USB Device Franklin U600 4G USB Stick Black Galaxy Nexus by Samsung Garmin Garminfone Garmin nuvifone G60 Garmin-Asus nuvifone M20 Generic Manufacturer Sample Giveaway Item Generic Manufacturer VK-530 Google Nexus 10 16GB Google Nexus 4 Google Nexus 4 Google Nexus 5 Google Nexus 6 Google Nexus 7 Google Nexus 9 Google Nexus One Google Pixel Google Pixel C Google Pixel XL Hitachi G1000 Hitachi SH-P300 HP H6315 / H6310 HP iPAQ Glisten HP iPAQ hw6510 / hw6515 HP iPAQ-510-Voice-Messenger HP iPAQ-610-Business-Navigator HP IPAQ-6320 HP iPAQ-6325 HP iPAQ-6945 HP iPAQ-910c-Business-Messenger HP iPAQ-hw6915 HP iPAQ-hw6940 HP Mini 210-1076NR Netbook HP Mini 311-1037NR Netbook HP Netbook 9.7 inch Black HP Palm Pre 2 HP Pre 3 HP Slate 7 HP Slate10 HD HP Slate7 Extreme HP Slate7 Plus HP Slate8 Pro HP TouchPad HP Veer 4G HTC 10 HTC 3125 HTC 5800 HTC 7 Pro HTC 8125 HTC 8525 HTC 8925-Tilt HTC 8XT HTC A11 White HTC A5 Max Gray HTC Accord Black HTC All New One HTC Amaze HTC Aria HTC Arrive HTC BLUE ANGEL / MDA III / XDA IIS HTC Bolt HTC CANARY / SPV HTC Cedar HTC Dash HTC Dash 3G HTC Desire HTC Desire 510 HTC Desire 526 HTC Desire 530 HTC Desire 601 Black HTC Desire 610 HTC Desire 610 HTC Desire 612 HTC Desire 626 HTC Desire 626s HTC Desire 816 HTC Desire 826 HTC Desire C Black HTC Desire EYE HTC Desire Eye HTC Dream HTC Droid DNA HTC EVO 3D HTC EVO 3D HTC EVO 4G HTC EVO 4G LTE HTC EVO Design 4G HTC EVO Shift 4G HTC EVO V 4G Black HTC EVO View 4G HTC Excalibur HTC Faraday / 2100 / 2125 HTC First HTC Flyer HTC Freestyle HTC FUZE HTC G1 HTC HD 7 HTC HD Mini HTC HD2 HTC HD7S HTC Hero HTC Hero S HTC HIMALAYAS / XDA II / MDA II HTC Imagio HTC Inspire 4G HTC Jetstream HTC Lancaster HTC Legend HTC M7 (Beta) HTC Magic HTC Magician / MDA Compact HTC Max 4G HTC MDA HTC MDA Basic HTC Merge HTC Merge HTC Mogul HTC Mogul Pocket PC 6800 HTC myTouch 3G 3.5mm Jack White HTC myTouch 3G Slide Black HTC myTouch 3G White HTC Nexus 9 HTC One (E8) HTC One (M8) HTC One (M8) For Windows HTC One A9 HTC One Google Play edition HTC One M7 HTC One M9 HTC One Max HTC One mini HTC One mini 2 HTC One remix HTC One S HTC One SV HTC One V HTC One VX White HTC One X HTC One X global HTC One X+ HTC Ozone HTC P3300 HTC P4300 HTC P4350 HTC P6500 HTC PPC6800 HTC Prophet/i-mate JAMin HTC Pure HTC Radar HTC Rezound HTC Rhodium HTC Rhyme HTC S621 Excalibur HTC S630 Cavalier HTC S710 HTC S720 HTC S730 HTC S740 HTC S743 HTC Salsa HTC SDA HTC Sensation HTC Shadow HTC Shift HTC SMT5800 HTC Snap HTC Space Needle/Pocket PC Phone HTC Star Trek/8500 HTC Status HTC Surround HTC TANAGER / SPV E100 / QTEK 7070 HTC Tattoo HTC Thunderbolt HTC Tilt 2 HTC Titan HTC Titan II HTC Tornado/SDA HTC Touch HTC Touch Cruise HTC Touch Diamond HTC Touch Diamond2 HTC Touch HD HTC Touch Pro HTC Touch Pro 2 HTC Touch Pro 6850 HTC Touch Viva HTC Touch-Cruise HTC Touch-DUAL HTC Touch-XV6900 HTC Trophy HTC TyTN HTC TyTN-II-Kaiser HTC Vivid HTC VOYAGER / SPV E200 / XPHONE HTC Warhawk HTC Wildfire S HTC Wing HTC X7500 HTC XV6800 Huawei Activa 4G Huawei Ascend HUAWEI Ascend II Huawei Ascend Mate 2 Huawei Ascend Mate2 Huawei Ascend P1 S Huawei Ascend Plus Huawei Ascend Q Huawei Ascend W1 Huawei Ascend Y Huawei EC-3360 Huawei EC228 Huawei Express Huawei Express Mobile Hotspot Huawei Fusion 2 Black Huawei Fusion U8652 Blue Huawei Glory Huawei GX8 Huawei H110C Huawei H210C Huawei H215G Huawei H866C Huawei H881 Black Huawei Honor 5X Huawei Honor 6 Huawei Honor 6 Plus Huawei Honor 8 Huawei Impulse 4G Huawei Inspira Huawei M318 Huawei M328 Huawei M735 Huawei M750 Huawei M835 Huawei M865 Huawei Magna Huawei Mate 8 Huawei Mate 9 Huawei Mate S Huawei Mercury Huawei Mercury Ice Huawei NET10 Home Phone Huawei Nexus 6P Huawei P8 lite Huawei P9 Huawei P9 Plus Huawei Pal Huawei Pillar Huawei Pinnacle Huawei Pinnacle Huawei Pinnacle 2 Huawei Premia 4G Huawei Premia 4G Huawei Pronto Huawei Raven Huawei SnapTo Huawei Summit Huawei Summit Huawei Tap Berry Huawei Tap Midnight Blue Huawei U2800A Pal Black Huawei U3900 Black Huawei U8651T Prism Huawei UMG181 Huawei Union Huawei USBConnect Force 4G Huawei Valiant Huawei Valiant Huawei Verge Huawei Verge Huawei Vitria Huawei W1 Huawei Watch i-mate JAM i-mate JAQ i-mate JAQ3 i-mate JASJAR 3G PDA i-mate K-JAM i-mate PDAL i-mate Smartflip i-mate SP3i i-mate SPL i-mate Ultimate 6150 i-mate Ultimate 8150 i-mate Ultimate-8502 i-mate Ultimate-9502 innostream INNO A11 innostream INNO-30 innostream INNO-55 innostream INNO-89 innostream INNO-90 innostream INNO-98 / 99 Jolla Tablet KIN One Kyocera 1135 Kyocera 1155 Kyocera 126C Kyocera 2119 Kyocera 2135 Kyocera 2235 Kyocera 2255 Kyocera 2325 Kyocera 2345 Kyocera 3225 Kyocera 323 Kyocera 3245 Kyocera 3250 Kyocera 5135 Kyocera 7135 Kyocera Adreno-S240 Black Kyocera AKTIV-K480 Kyocera Brigadier Kyocera Brio Kyocera Coast Kyocera Contact Kyocera Cyclops-K312 Kyocera Cyclops-K325 Kyocera Deco-E1000 Kyocera Domino Kyocera Dorado-KX13 Kyocera DuraCore Kyocera DuraForce Kyocera DuraForce Pro Kyocera DuraForce XD Kyocera DuraMax Kyocera DuraPlus Kyocera DuraPro Kyocera DuraShock Kyocera DuraShock Kyocera DuraXE Kyocera DuraXT Kyocera DuraXTP Kyocera DuraXV Kyocera Echo Kyocera ENERGI-K490 Kyocera ENERGI-K493 Kyocera Event Kyocera Hydro Kyocera Hydro Air Kyocera Hydro Edge Kyocera Hydro Elite Kyocera Hydro Icon Kyocera Hydro Icon Kyocera Hydro Life Kyocera Hydro REACH Kyocera Hydro Vibe Kyocera Hydro View Kyocera Hydro Wave Kyocera Hydro XTRM Kyocera K10 Royale Kyocera K132 Kyocera K322 Kyocera K323 Kyocera K342 Kyocera K404 Kyocera K822 Kyocera K9 Kyocera KE413 / KE414 Phantom Kyocera KE424C / KX424 Blade Kyocera KE433 / K7 Rave Kyocera Kona Kyocera KPC-650 Kyocera KPC650 EVDO PC Card Kyocera KPC680-ExpressCard Kyocera KX1-SOHO Kyocera KX12 Kyocera KX16-Candid Kyocera KX18-ANGEL Kyocera KX18-JET Kyocera KX2 Kyocera KX2-KOI Kyocera KX414 Phantom Kyocera KX433 / KX434 Rave Kyocera KX440 / KX444 Kyocera KX9A Kyocera Laylo M1400 Kyocera Lingo-M1000 Kyocera Loft S2300 Black Kyocera Luno Kyocera Mako-S4000 Black Kyocera Melo S1300 Kyocera Milan-KX9B / KX9C Kyocera Milano Kyocera Neo E1100 Kyocera Oystr-KX9d Kyocera Presto Kyocera Presto Kyocera QCP-2035 Kyocera QCP-3035 Kyocera QCP-6035 Kyocera Rally Kyocera Rio Kyocera Rise Kyocera S14-Opal Kyocera S2100 Black Kyocera SE47 / SE44 / V5 Slider Kyocera SE47 Slider Kyocera Slider-Remix-KX5 Kyocera Slider-Sonic Kyocera Strobe-K612B Kyocera Switch-Back Kyocera Tempo-E2000 Kyocera TNT Kyocera Torino Kyocera Torino Kyocera Torque Kyocera TorqueXT Kyocera Verve Kyocera Wild-Card Kyocera X-tc M2000 Kyocera Xcursion-KX160 LeapFrog Tic-Talk LeEco Le Pro3 LeEco Le S3 Lenovo Phab 2 Pro LG 221C LG 101 LG 1010 LG 109C LG 1500 LG 200 LG 220C LG 231C LG 235C LG 236C LG 237C LG 290c LG 305C LG 306G LG 306G LG 320G LG 329G LG 400G LG 4015 LG 4050 LG 410G LG 420G Black LG 440G Black LG 441G LG 450 LG 4NE1 LG 500G LG 505C LG 511C LG 5450 LG 600G LG 6190 LG 620G LG 800G LG 840G LG 900G LG A340 LG A380 LG A7110 LG Access LTE LG Accolade LG Ally LG Apex LG Arena LG Aspire LG Attune LG AX-145 LG AX-245 LG AX-275 Silver LG AX-355 LG AX-390 LG AX-4270 LG AX-490 LG AX-8600 Silver LG AX155 LG AX300 LG AX4750 LG AX5000 / UX5000 LG AX565 LG AX8600 LG B470 LG Banter LG Banter Touch LG Beacon LG Beacon LG Bliss LG C1300i LG C2000 LG C900 LG CE110 LG CE500 LG CF360 LG CG180 LG CG225 LG CG300 LG Chocolate 3 LG Chocolate Touch LG Chocolate VX8550 LG Chocolate White LG Classic LG Clout LG Connect 4G LG Connect 4G LG Converse LG Cosmos LG Cosmos 2 LG Cosmos 2 Black LG Cosmos 3 LG Cosmos Touch LG CP150 LG CU320 LG CU400 LG CU500 LG CU500v LG CU515 LG Dare LG Decoy LG Destiny LG dLite LG Doubleplay LG Enact LG Encore LG Enlighten LG enV Touch LG enV VX11000 LG enV VX9900 LG enV-VX-9900 LG enV2 LG enV3 LG Envoy LG Envoy II LG Escape LG Escape 2 LG Esteem LG Esteem LG Exalt LG Exceed Black LG Exchange LG eXpo LG Extravert LG Extravert 2 LG F7200 LG F9100 LG F9200 LG Fathom LG Flare LG Freedom LG Fusic-LX550 LG G Flex LG G Flex 2 LG G Pad 10.1 LTE LG G Pad 10.1 LTE LG G Pad 7.0 LTE LG G Pad 7.0 LTE LG G Pad 8.3 LG G Pad 8.3 LG G Pad 8.3 Google Play edition LG G Pad F7.0 LG G Pad X 8.0 LG G Pro 2 LG G Stylo LG G Vista LG G Vista 2 LG G Watch LG G Watch R LG G2 LG G3 LG G3 Vigor LG G4 LG G4010 / G4011 LG G4020 LG G5 LG Genesis LG Glance LG Glimmer LG GM730 LG GS170 LG GU295 LG HB620T LG Helix UX310 Orange LG Ignite LG Imprint LG INCITE LG Intuition LG Intuition LG Invision LG K10 LG K3 LG K4 LG K7 LG K8 V LG KE850-Prada LG KE970-Shine LG KF900-Prada LG KP265 LG KP500 Cookie LG KU990-Viewty LG L1150 / L1100 LG L1200 LG L1400 LG L1400i LG L34C LG L35G SIM4 LG L39C LG Lancet LG Leon LTE LG LG 530G LG LG-AX-140 LG Lotus LG Lotus Elite LG Lucid LG Lucid 2 LG Lucid 2 LG Lucid 3 LG Lucky LG LX-150 LG LX-5550 / VX-5550 LG LX1200 LG LX150 LG LX160 LG LX290 LG LX350 LG LX350 LG LX370 LG LX400 LG LX400 LG LX535 LG LX5350 LG LX550 LG Lyric LG M4410 LG Mach LG Marquee LG Migo LG Migo (sm) LG MM-535 LG Motion 4G LG Motion 4G LG Muziq LX570 LG Muziq-LX-570 Black LG Mystique LG Neon LG Neon II LG Nexus 5X LG Nitro HD LG Octane LG Optimus 2X LG Optimus 4X HD LG Optimus Black LG Optimus C LG Optimus Dynamic LG Optimus Dynamic II LG Optimus Elite LG Optimus Exceed 2 LG Optimus Extreme LG Optimus F3 LG Optimus F3Q LG Optimus F5 LG Optimus F6 LG Optimus F7 LG Optimus Fuel LG Optimus G LG Optimus G Pro LG Optimus L70 LG Optimus L9 LG Optimus L90 LG Optimus Logic LG Optimus M LG Optimus M LG Optimus M Plus LG Optimus M+ LG Optimus Net LG Optimus Plus LG Optimus Q LG Optimus Regard LG Optimus S LG Optimus S Purple LG Optimus SHOWTIME LG Optimus Slider LG Optimus U LG Optimus Ultimate LG Optimus V LG Optimus V LG Optimus Zip LG Optimus Zone LG Optimus Zone 2 LG Optimus Zone 3 LG Phoenix LG Phoenix 2 LG PM-225 LG PM-225 LG PM-325 LG Power L22C LG Premier LG Prestige LG Prime LG Quantum LG Realm LG Realm Black LG Rebel LG Remarq LG Renoir-KC910 LG Revere LG Revere LG Revere 2 LG Revere 3 LG Revolution LG Rhythm LG Rumor LG Rumor 2 LG Rumor Black LG Rumor Reflex LG Rumor Reflex S LG Rumor Touch LG Saber LG Scoop LG Select LG Sentio LG Shine CU720 LG Shine II LG Shine-CU720 LG Spirit LG Spirit 4G LG Splendor LG Spyder 830 LG Star Black LG Stylo 2 LG Stylo 2 PLUS LG Stylo 2 V LG Sunrise LG Sunset LG Swift LG Thrive LG TM-220 LG TM-510 LG TP-1100 LG TP-5200 LG TP-5250 LG Transpyre LG Trax-CU575 LG Treasure LTE LG Tribute LG Tribute 2 LG Tribute 5 LG Tribute HD LG Tritan LG U8150 LG Ultimate 2 LG UX-210 LG UX-245 LG UX-355 LG UX-390 LG UX220 LG UX4750 LG V10 LG V20 LG Venice LG Venus LG Versa LG VI-125 LG VI-125 LG VI-5225 LG VI5225 / 5400A LG Viper LG VL600 4G USB Modem LG Volt LG Volt 2 LG Vortex LG Voyager LG Vu CU915 LG Vu CU920 LG Vu Plus LG VX-1 / TM-520 LG VX-10 LG VX-2000 LG VX-3100 / 3100A / TM250 LG VX-3200 LG VX-3450 LG VX-4100 LG VX-4270 LG VX-4400 LG VX-4500 LG VX-4600 LG VX-4700 LG VX-5200 LG VX-5200 LG VX-5400 LG VX-6000 LG VX-6100 LG VX-7000 LG VX-8000 LG VX-8100 LG VX-8300 LG VX-8350 LG VX-8500-Chocolate LG VX-8550-Chocolate Black LG VX-8600 LG VX-8700 LG VX-9000 LG VX-9400 LG VX-9800 LG VX3100 LG VX3300 LG VX3300 LG VX3400 LG VX3400 LG VX3450 LG VX3450L LG VX4400 LG VX4500 LG VX4650 LG VX5200 LG VX5300 LG VX5400 LG VX5500 LG VX7000 LG VX8000 LG VX8300 LG VX8350 LG VX8350 Red LG VX8360 LG VX8600 LG VX9800 LG Watch Urbane LG Wave-AX380 LG Wine II UN430 Titanium Gray LG X Power LG Xenon LG Xpression LG Xpression 2 LG Xpression 2 Blue LG100C LG200C LG225 LG300G LG400G LG501C LG620G LG900G Linksys Hi Port Router Lucid 3 by LG Mach Speed Trio Stealth G4 Mach Speed Trio Stealth Pro Mach Speed Trio Stealth Pro G2 MEEP Children's Android Tablet Meizu M2 Note Meta M1 MW4003 Microsoft Lumia 535 Microsoft Lumia 550 Microsoft Lumia 640 Microsoft Lumia 640 XL Microsoft Lumia 650 Microsoft Lumia 735 Microsoft Lumia 950 Microsoft Lumia 950 XL MiFi 2200 Mobile Hotspot MiFi 3G/4G Mobile Hotspot MiFi 3G/4G Mobile Hotspot by Novatel Wireless MiFi 500 LTE by Novatel Wireless MiTAC MIO-8380 MiTAC MIO-8390 Mitsubishi G310 Mitsubishi G360 Mitsubishi G410 Mitsubishi M900/M430i Moto 360 (2nd Gen) 42mm Moto 360 (2nd Gen) 46mm Moto 360 Sport Moto E3 Moto G4 Moto G4 Play Moto G4 Plus Moto Z Force Moto Z Play Motorola HOLLYWOOD/ E815 Motorola 2004-Nascar-Nextel-Cup-Series-Dale-Jarrett Motorola 388C Motorola 408 Motorola A009 Motorola A1200 Ming Motorola A1200/MING Black Motorola A388 Motorola A6288 Motorola A630 Motorola A630 Motorola A668 Motorola A780 Motorola A810 Motorola A830 Motorola A835 Motorola A840 Motorola A845 Motorola A855 Motorola A920 Motorola Admiral Motorola Adventure V750 Motorola Atrix 2 Motorola Atrix 4G Motorola Atrix HD Motorola AURA Motorola Backflip Motorola Barrage Motorola Bravo Motorola Brute i680 Motorola Buzz ic502 Motorola Buzz-ic502 Black Motorola C139 Motorola C155 Motorola C168i Motorola C186i Motorola C250 / C256 Motorola C261 Motorola C290 Motorola C331T Motorola C332 / C331G / C333 Motorola C343 / C343A / C341 Motorola C350G / C353 / C359 GSM Motorola C353T Motorola C370 / C450 Motorola C380 Motorola C381p Motorola C650 Motorola Charm Motorola Citrus Motorola CLIQ Motorola CLIQ 2 Motorola CLIQ XT Motorola Clutch i465 Motorola Clutch Plus i475 Motorola Crush Motorola Debut i856 Motorola Defy Motorola Defy XT Motorola Devour Motorola DROID MAXX Motorola DROID Maxx 2 Motorola DROID Mini Motorola DROID Turbo 2 Motorola DROID TURBO Black Motorola DROID Ultra Motorola Droid Xyboard 10.1 Motorola Droid Xyboard 8.2 Motorola e1000 Motorola E310 Motorola E380 Motorola E398 Motorola E680 Motorola E815 Motorola Electrify Motorola Electrify 2 Motorola Electrify M Motorola EM326g Motorola EM330 Motorola Entice Motorola Evoke Motorola EX124G Motorola EX431G Motorola Flipout Motorola Flipside Motorola Grasp Motorola Heron Motorola Hint QA30 Motorola Hollywood-E816 Black Motorola i1 Motorola I2000PLUS Motorola i205 Motorola i215 Motorola i265 Motorola i275 Motorola i285 Motorola i290 Motorola i296 Black Motorola i305 Motorola I30SX Motorola i315 Motorola i325 Motorola i335 Motorola i355 Motorola I35S Motorola i365 Motorola i415 Motorola i425 Motorola i450 Motorola I50SX Motorola i530 Motorola i530b Motorola i530y Motorola i530y Motorola I55SR / I58SR Motorola i560 Motorola i570 Motorola i576 Motorola i580 Motorola i605 Motorola i605 Motorola I60C Motorola i670 Motorola i710 Motorola i710 Motorola i720 Motorola i730 / i733 Motorola i736-2004-Nascar-Nextel-Cup-Series-Jeff-Gordon Motorola i736-2004-Nascar-Nextel-Cup-Series-Tony-Stewart Motorola i760 Motorola i776 Motorola i776W Motorola I80S Motorola i830 Motorola i830 Silver Motorola i835 Motorola i836 Motorola i850 Motorola i855 Motorola I85S / I88S Motorola i860 Motorola i870 Motorola i880 Motorola i880 Motorola i885 Motorola i886 Motorola i890 Motorola I90C Motorola i920 Motorola i930 Motorola I95CL / I99CL Motorola ic402-Blend Motorola ic602-Buzz Motorola ic902 Motorola Karma QA1 Motorola Krave ZN4 Motorola KRZR-K1 Cosmic Blue Motorola KRZR-K1m Motorola L2 Motorola L6 Motorola Luge Motorola Luge Black Motorola Milestone 3 Motorola Milestone Plus Motorola Moto 360 Motorola Moto E (1st Gen) Motorola Moto E (2nd Gen) Motorola Moto E Black Motorola Moto G Motorola Moto G (2nd Gen.) Black Motorola Moto G (3rd Gen) Motorola Moto G 4G LTE Motorola Moto G Play Motorola MOTO VE66 Motorola Moto X Motorola Moto X (2014) Motorola Moto X (2nd Gen.) Black Motorola Moto X Play Motorola Moto X Pure Motorola Moto Z Motorola MOTO Z10 Motorola MOTO ZN200 Motorola MOTO-ACTV-W450 Yellow Motorola MOTOMING-A1600 Motorola MOTOMING-A1800 Motorola MOTOROKR-EM25 Motorola MOTOROKR-EM28 Motorola MOTOROKR-EM30 Motorola MPx Motorola MPX100 Motorola MPX200 Motorola MPX220 Motorola PEBL Motorola PEBL Motorola PHOTON 4G Motorola Photon Q Motorola Q Motorola Q-11 Motorola Q9 Motorola Q9c Motorola Q9h-Global Motorola Q9m Motorola Quantico W845 Motorola Rapture VU30 Motorola Razr V3 Motorola RAZR V3 Dolce & Gabbana Motorola RAZR V3m Motorola RAZR VE20 Motorola RAZR-maxx-Ve Motorola RAZR-V3 Silver Motorola RAZR-V3a Motorola RAZR-V3c Motorola RAZR-V3i Motorola RAZR-V3m Motorola RAZR-V3r Fire Red Motorola RAZR-V3s Motorola RAZR-V3t Black Motorola RAZR-V3x Dark Blue Motorola RAZR-V3xx Grey Motorola RAZR2 V9m Motorola RAZR2-V8 Motorola RAZR2-V9 Motorola RAZR2-V9x Black Motorola Renegade V950 Motorola Renew Motorola Rival Motorola RIZR Z3 Motorola RIZR-Z3 Black Motorola RIZR-Z6c Motorola RIZR-Z6tv Motorola RIZR-Z8 Motorola ROKR E8 Motorola ROKR EM35 Motorola ROKR U9 Motorola ROKR Z6 Motorola ROKR-E1 Motorola ROKR-E2 Motorola ROKR-E6 Motorola ROKR-Z6 Black Motorola ROKR-Z6m Motorola Roxy-i830 Motorola Sidekick-Slide Motorola SLVR-L7 Motorola SLVR-L7c Black Motorola SLVR-L7e Motorola SLVR-L7i Motorola SLVR-L9 Motorola Stature i9 Motorola Surf A3100 Motorola T191 Motorola T280I Motorola T300P Motorola T720 / T721 Motorola T720I / T722I GSM Motorola T722i Motorola T725E Motorola T730 / T731C Motorola TALKABOUT-T193 / T193M Motorola Theory Motorola TIMEPORT P7382I Motorola TIMEPORT-270C Motorola TIMEPORT-P280 Motorola Titanium Motorola Triumph Motorola Tundra Motorola U9 Black Motorola v100 Motorola v120C Motorola v120e Motorola v120T Motorola v120X Motorola V171 Motorola V173 Motorola V176 Motorola V177 Motorola v180 Motorola V188 Motorola V190 Motorola V195 Motorola V195 Motorola v200 Motorola v220 Motorola V226 Motorola V235 Motorola V260 Motorola V260 / V262 Motorola v265 Motorola V266 Motorola V276 Motorola v300 Motorola v323 Motorola V325 Motorola V330 Motorola V360 Motorola V365 Motorola V3a Fire red Motorola v400 Motorola V400p Motorola v500 / v525 / v505 Motorola v535 / v545 / v550 / e550 Motorola V540 Motorola V551 Motorola V555 Motorola V557 Motorola v600 Motorola V600 Motorola v60C Motorola v60G Motorola v60I-TDMA / v60TI Motorola v60P / v60S Motorola v60T Motorola v60V Motorola V60X Motorola v620 Motorola v635 Motorola V65p Motorola v66 Motorola v66I Motorola v690 Motorola v70 Motorola v710 Motorola v80 Motorola v810 Motorola V872 Motorola v878 Motorola V980 Motorola VE240 Motorola VE465 Motorola VE75 Black Motorola VU204 Motorola W160 Motorola W175 Motorola W180 Motorola W206 Motorola W213 Motorola W230 Motorola W270 Motorola W315 Black Motorola W370 Motorola W375 Motorola W375g Motorola W376g Motorola W380 Motorola W385 Motorola W395 Motorola W408g Motorola W409G Motorola W418G Motorola W419G Black Motorola W490 Motorola W490 Motorola W510 Motorola W510 Motorola W755 Motorola XOOM Motorola XPRT Motorola Z6w Motorola Z9 Motorola Zine ZN5 myTouch 4G NEC 232E NEC 515 NEC 525 NEC 535 NEC Terrain Neonode Freerunner Neonode N1 Neonode N2 Netgear 341U USB Modem Netgear Mingle Mobile Hotspot NETGEAR Unite Netgear Zing NETGEAR Zing Netgear Zing Mobile Hotspot Nextbit Robin NextBook NEXT 10P12 9.7 inch Nexus S 4G Nexus S from Google Nixxo NXG-7300 Nixxo NXG-9230 Nokia 1006 Nokia 1100 Nokia 1101 Nokia 1108 Apple Silver Nokia 1110 Nokia 1208 Nokia 1208 Nokia 1221 Nokia 1260 / 1261 Nokia 1600 Nokia 1606 Nokia 1616 Nokia 1661 Nokia 1661 Nokia 1680 Nokia 2115i/2116i Nokia 2125i/2126i/2128i Nokia 2128 Nokia 2135 Nokia 216 Nokia 2260 Nokia 2270 Nokia 2285 / 2275 Nokia 2330 Nokia 2365i Nokia 2366i Nokia 2600 Nokia 2608 Nokia 2610 Nokia 2630 Nokia 2650 Nokia 2651 Nokia 2680 Nokia 2700 Classic Nokia 2855 Nokia 2865 Nokia 3100 Nokia 3108 Nokia 3120 Blue Nokia 3128 Nokia 3155i / VI3155 Nokia 3200 Nokia 3205 Nokia 3220 Nokia 3220 Nokia 3230 Nokia 3250 Black Nokia 3285 Nokia 3300 Nokia 3360 / 3361 Nokia 3390 Nokia 3395 Nokia 3500-classic Nokia 3555 Nokia 3560 Nokia 3570 Nokia 3585 / 3585I Nokia 3586I / 3588I Nokia 3588i Nokia 3589I / 3587I Nokia 3590 Nokia 3595 Nokia 3600 Nokia 3600-Slide Wine Nokia 3606 Nokia 3610 Nokia 3620 Nokia 3650 Nokia 3660 Nokia 3660 Nokia 3711 Nokia 5100 Nokia 5130 Nokia 5140 Nokia 5165 Nokia 5185I Nokia 5220-XpressMusic Nokia 5300 Red Nokia 5310 XpressMusic Nokia 5320-XpressMusic Nokia 5500-Sport Nokia 5530 XpressMusic Black Nokia 5610 Nokia 5630 XpressMusic Red Nokia 5700-XpressMusic Nokia 5800-XpressMusic Blue Nokia 6010 Nokia 6015i Nokia 6015i Nokia 6016i Nokia 6020 Nokia 6021 Nokia 6030 Nokia 6030 Nokia 6060 Nokia 6061 Nokia 6085 Nokia 6086 Nokia 6100 Nokia 6101 Nokia 6101/6102 Nokia 6102i Nokia 6103 Nokia 6108 Nokia 6110 Nokia 6111 Nokia 6120-classic Nokia 6121-classic Nokia 6125 Nokia 6126 Nokia 6131 Nokia 6133 Nokia 6133 Nokia 6136 Nokia 6155i Nokia 6165i Nokia 6165i Nokia 6170 Nokia 6200 Nokia 6205 Nokia 6215i Nokia 6215i Nokia 6220 Nokia 6225 / PM6225 Nokia 6230 Nokia 6230i Nokia 6233 Black Nokia 6235i/6236i Nokia 6255i Nokia 6256i Nokia 6260 Nokia 6260 slide Black Nokia 6263 Nokia 6265 Nokia 6267 Nokia 6270 Mist Blue Nokia 6275i Nokia 6280 Grey Nokia 6282 Nokia 6290 Nokia 6300 Nokia 6301 Nokia 6303 Classic Silver Nokia 6305i Nokia 6310I Nokia 6315i Nokia 6340 Nokia 6340I Nokia 6350 Nokia 6360 Nokia 6370 Nokia 6385 Nokia 6500-Slide Nokia 6555 Nokia 6560 Nokia 6585 Nokia 6590 / 6590I Nokia 6600 Nokia 6600-fold Nokia 6600-Slide Nokia 6610 Nokia 6610I Nokia 6620 Nokia 6630 Nokia 6650 Nokia 6651 Nokia 6670 Nokia 6680 Nokia 6682/6681 Nokia 6700 Classic Sliver Nokia 6708 Nokia 6800 Nokia 6800 Nokia 6810 Nokia 6820/6820i Nokia 6822 Nokia 7160 Nokia 7190 Nokia 7200 Nokia 7210 Nokia 7250 / 7250I Nokia 7260 Nokia 7270 Nokia 7280 Nokia 7360 White Amber Nokia 7370 Brown Nokia 7380 Nokia 7510 Nokia 7600 Nokia 7610 Nokia 7610 Supernova Nokia 7700 Nokia 7710 Nokia 7900-Prism Nokia 8260 Nokia 8265 / 8265I Nokia 8270 Nokia 8290 Nokia 8390 Nokia 8600-Luna Nokia 8800 / 8801 Nokia 8800 Arte Nokia 8890 Nokia 9290 Nokia 9300 Nokia 9300i Nokia 9500 Nokia Astound Nokia C6 White Nokia E50 Nokia E51 Nokia E55 Black Aluminium Nokia E61 Nokia E61i Nokia E62 Nokia E63 Ruby Red Nokia E65 Mocca Silver Nokia E66 Nokia E70 Nokia E71 Nokia E71x Nokia E72 Nokia E73 Mode Nokia E75 Red Nokia E90 Nokia Intrigue 7205 Silver Keypad Nokia Lumia 1020 Nokia Lumia 1320 Nokia Lumia 1520 Nokia Lumia 2520 Nokia Lumia 2520 Red Nokia Lumia 520 Nokia Lumia 520 Black Nokia Lumia 521 Nokia Lumia 530 Nokia Lumia 620 Cyan Nokia Lumia 625 Nokia Lumia 635 Nokia Lumia 710 Nokia Lumia 800 Magenta Nokia Lumia 810 Nokia Lumia 810 Nokia Lumia 820 Nokia Lumia 822 Nokia Lumia 830 Nokia Lumia 830 Nokia Lumia 900 Nokia Lumia 920 Nokia Lumia 925 Nokia Lumia 928 Nokia Lumia Icon Nokia Mirage 2605 Nokia Mural Nokia N-Gage Nokia N-GAGE QD Nokia N1 Nokia N70 Nokia n71 Nokia N72 Nokia N73 Nokia N73 Deep Plum Silver Nokia N75 Nokia N76 Red Nokia N78 Nokia N79 Nokia N8 Black Nokia N80 Nokia N81-8GB Nokia N810 Silver Nokia N810 WiMax edition Nokia N82 Nokia N85 Nokia N86 Black Nokia N90 Nokia N900 Nokia N91 Light Chrome Nokia N93 Nokia N95 Nokia N95 8GB Nokia N96 Nokia N97 Nokia N97 Mini Nokia NGage Nokia Nuron 5230 Nokia Nuron 5230 Nokia Shade 2705 Nokia Shorty Nokia Supernova-7210 Nokia Supernova-7310 Nokia Supernova-7510 Nokia Surge Nokia Tiger White Nokia Twist 7705 Nokia VI-3155 Nokia X2 Nokia X2 Novatel Broadband2Go Novatel EX720 Express PC Card Novatel EX720 ExpressCard Novatel Merlin C777 Novatel Merlin S620 Novatel MiFi 5580 Novatel MiFi Liberate Novatel Ovation U727 Novatel Ovation U760 Novatel Ovation-U727 Novatel S720 Novatel S720-Wireless-PC-Card Novatel U720 PC/Mac Card Novatel U760 Novatel USB1000 Global Modem Novatel USB720 Novatel USB727-Modem Novatel V620 EVDO PC Card Novatel V620-EV-DO-PC-card Novatel V640 PC/Mac USB Broadband Card Novatel V640-PC-Card Novatel V740 Express Card Novatel V740 PC/Mac Wireless Broadband Card o2 XDA Ignito o2 XDA-Stealth OnePlus 2 OnePlus 3 OnePlus One OnePlus One OnePlus X Oppo N1 Option GT-Max-3.6-Express Option GT-Max-Wireless-Card Option GT-Ultra Option GT-Ultra-Express Overdrive 3G 4G Mobile Hotspot Palm 680 Palm 700p Palm 700w-CDMA Palm 700wx Palm 750 Palm 755p Blue Palm Centro Palm M500 Palm Pixi Palm Pixi Plus Palm Pre Palm Pre Plus Palm Pro Palm Treo 650 Palm Treo 700wx Palm Treo 800w Palm Treo Pro Palm TREO-180 Palm Treo-270 Palm TREO-300 Palm TREO-600-GSM Palm TREO-650 Panasonic ALLURE-EB-TX310 Panasonic DURAMAX-EB-TX220 Panasonic G50 / G51 Panasonic G51U Panasonic G60U Panasonic G70 Panasonic GD55 / A100 Panasonic GD87 / GU87 Panasonic VERSIO-EB-TX320 Panasonic VS7 Panasonic X11 Panasonic X300 Panasonic X500 Panasonic X70 Panasonic X700 Panasonic X800 Pantech Breakout Pantech Breeze II Pantech Breeze III Pantech Breeze IV Black Pantech Breeze-C520 Pantech Burst Pantech C150 Pantech C3b Pantech C610 Pantech C630 Pantech Caper Pantech CDM-180 Pantech CDM8635 Pantech Crossover Pantech Crux Pantech Discover Pantech Duo-C810 Pantech Ease Pantech Element Pantech Flex Pantech Hero/PN-8300 Pantech Hotshot Pantech Impact Pantech Jest Pantech Jest 2 Pantech Laser Pantech Link Pantech Link II Pantech Marauder Pantech Matrix Pantech Matrix Pro Pantech Ocean Pantech Ocean 2 Pantech P7040p Pantech Perception Pantech Perception Pantech PG-8000 Pantech PG-C120 Pantech PG-C300 Pantech PN-215 Pantech PN-218 Pantech PN-320 Pantech PN-3200 Pantech PN-820 Pantech Pocket Pantech Pursuit Pantech Pursuit II Pantech PX-500 Pantech Renue Pantech Renue Pantech Reveal Pantech Slate Pantech Snapper Pantech Swift Pantech UML290 4G USB Modem Pantech UML295 LTE USB Modem Pantech UMW190 Global USB Modem Pantech Vybe PCD CDM 8950 PCD CDM-8975 PCD Chaser PCD Escapade PCD Razzle PCD Sprint Phone Connect Black PCD TXTM8 PCD Venture Black Pebble Steel Black Phone Connect 3 Plum Might Z513 Que 4.5 Que 5.0 REEF RIM BlackBerry 6710 RIM BlackBerry 7100t RIM BlackBerry 7105t RIM BlackBerry 7130e RIM BlackBerry 7230 RIM BlackBerry 8700g Rugged CAT S50 S275G Sagem MY-X-5P Sagem my301L Samsung 4G Mobile Hotspot LC11 Samsung A157 Gray Samsung A177 Samsung A580 Samsung Access Samsung Acclaim SCH-r880 Samsung Admire Samsung Admire Samsung Alias 2 Samsung Array Samsung ATIV Odyssey Samsung ATIV S Neo Samsung ATIV SE Samsung Axle Samsung Beam Samsung Beat Samsung Beat DJ M7600 Samsung Beat-SGH-T539 Samsung Behold Samsung Behold II Samsung BlackJack II i617 Samsung Blackjack-2-SGH-617 Black Samsung BlackJack-SGH-i607 Samsung Blast-SGH-T729 Samsung Brightside Samsung Byline R310 Samsung Caliber SCH-r850 Samsung Captivate Samsung Captivate Glide Samsung Character Gray Samsung Chianti Samsung Chrono Samsung Chrono 2 Samsung Cobra M320-Burgundy Samsung Code Samsung Comeback Samsung Comment Samsung Comment 2 Samsung Conquer 4G Samsung Continuum Samsung Contour 2 Samsung Contour 2 Samsung Convoy Samsung Convoy 2 Samsung Convoy 3 Samsung Craft Samsung Craft SCH-r900 Samsung D415 Samsung D510 Samsung D900 Samsung Dart Samsung Dart Samsung Delve Samsung Diane-Von-Furstenberg-Mobile Samsung DoubleTime Samsung Drift Samsung E105 Samsung E315 Samsung E335 Samsung E350 Samsung E635 Samsung E715 Samsung Emporio-Armani-M7500 Samsung Entro Samsung Epic Samsung Epic 4G Touch Samsung Epix Samsung Eternity Samsung Eternity II Samsung Evergreen Samsung Exclaim Samsung Exec SCH-i225 Samsung Exhibit 4G Samsung Exhibit II 4G Samsung F110-Adidas-miCoach Samsung F700 Samsung Factor Samsung Fascinate Samsung Fin Samsung Finesse r810 Samsung Flight Samsung Flight II Samsung FlipShot-U900 Black Samsung Focus Samsung Focus 2 Samsung Focus Flash Samsung Focus S Samsung Freeform Samsung Freeform 4 Samsung Freeform 5 Samsung Freeform II Samsung Freeform II Samsung Freeform III Samsung Freeform III Samsung Freeform M Samsung G800 Samsung Galaxy 4 mini White Samsung Galaxy A5 Samsung Galaxy Ace Samsung Galaxy Ace 3 4G LTE Samsung Galaxy Ace 4 LTE Samsung Galaxy Ace Style Samsung Galaxy Admire 4G Samsung Galaxy Alpha Samsung Galaxy Alpha Samsung Galaxy Amp Samsung Galaxy Appeal Samsung Galaxy Attain 4G Samsung Galaxy Attain 4G Samsung Galaxy Avant Samsung Galaxy Axiom Samsung Galaxy Centura Samsung Galaxy Core Samsung Galaxy Core Prime Samsung Galaxy Discover Samsung Galaxy E5 Samsung Galaxy Exhibit Samsung Galaxy Exhilarate Samsung Galaxy Express 3 Samsung Galaxy Express GoPhone Samsung Galaxy Express Prime Samsung Galaxy Gear Samsung Galaxy Go Prime Samsung Galaxy Grand Prime Samsung Galaxy i7500 Samsung Galaxy Indulge Samsung Galaxy Indulge Samsung Galaxy J1 Ace Samsung Galaxy J1 LTE Samsung Galaxy J1 Mini Samsung Galaxy J2 Samsung Galaxy J3 (2016) Samsung Galaxy J3 V Samsung Galaxy J5 Samsung Galaxy J7 Samsung Galaxy K zoom Samsung Galaxy Legend Samsung Galaxy Light Samsung Galaxy Luna Samsung Galaxy Mega 2 Samsung Galaxy Mega 2 Samsung Galaxy Mega 5.8 Samsung Galaxy Mega 6.3 Samsung Galaxy Metrix 4G Samsung Galaxy Note Samsung Galaxy Note 10.1 Samsung Galaxy Note 3 Samsung Galaxy Note 4 Samsung Galaxy Note 5 Samsung Galaxy Note 8.0 Samsung Galaxy Note Edge Samsung Galaxy Note II Samsung Galaxy Note Pro Samsung Galaxy Note Pro Samsung Galaxy Note5 Samsung Galaxy Note7 Samsung Galaxy On5 Samsung Galaxy Precedent Samsung Galaxy Premier Samsung Galaxy Prevail Samsung Galaxy Prevail Samsung Galaxy Prevail 2 Samsung Galaxy Prevail 2 White Samsung Galaxy Proclaim Samsung Galaxy Proclaim Samsung Galaxy Reverb Samsung Galaxy Ring Samsung Galaxy Rugby Pro Samsung Galaxy Rush Samsung Galaxy S 4 zoom Samsung Galaxy S 4G Samsung Galaxy S Aviator Samsung Galaxy S Blaze Samsung Galaxy S II Samsung Galaxy S II Skyrocket HD Samsung Galaxy S III Samsung Galaxy S III Mini Samsung Galaxy S Lightray 4G Samsung Galaxy S Lightray 4G Samsung Galaxy S Relay 4G Samsung Galaxy S WiFi 4.2 White Samsung Galaxy S4 Samsung Galaxy S4 Active Samsung Galaxy S4 Mini Samsung Galaxy S5 Samsung Galaxy S5 Active Samsung Galaxy S5 mini Samsung Galaxy S5 Sport Samsung Galaxy S6 Samsung Galaxy S6 Active Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge Samsung Galaxy S6 edge+ Samsung Galaxy S6 edge+ Samsung Galaxy S7 Samsung Galaxy S7 Active Samsung Galaxy S7 edge Samsung Galaxy Sky Samsung Galaxy Stardust Samsung Galaxy Stellar Samsung Galaxy Stratosphere II Samsung Galaxy Tab Samsung Galaxy Tab 2 Samsung Galaxy Tab 3 Samsung Galaxy Tab 3 7.0 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 10.1 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 8.0 Samsung Galaxy Tab S Samsung Galaxy Tab S 10.5 Samsung Galaxy Tab S 10.5 Samsung Galaxy Tab S 8.4 Samsung Galaxy Tab S White Samsung Galaxy Tab S2 9.7 Samsung Galaxy Tab4 7.0 White Samsung Galaxy TabPRO Samsung Galaxy Victory 4G LTE Samsung Galaxy View Samsung Gear 2 Samsung Gear Live Samsung Gear S Samsung Gear S2 Samsung Gear S3 Classic Samsung Gear S3 Frontier Samsung Gem Samsung Gleam-U700 Samsung Glint Pink Samsung Gloss SCH-U440 Samsung Glyde Samsung Gravity 2 Samsung Gravity 3 Samsung Gravity Q Samsung Gravity SMART Samsung Gravity T Samsung Gravity TXT Samsung GT2 Samsung Gusto Samsung Gusto 2 Samsung Gusto 3 Samsung Gusto 3 Blue Samsung Haven Samsung Heat Samsung Highlight Samsung Highlight T749 Ice Samsung Highnote Samsung Hue II Samsung i400 Samsung i740 Samsung i8510 Samsung i900-Omnia Samsung Illusion Samsung Impact Samsung Impression Samsung Indulge Samsung Infinity Samsung Infuse 4G Samsung Instinct Samsung Instinct HD Samsung Instinct S30 Samsung Instinct s30 Touch of Copper Samsung Intensity Samsung Intensity II Samsung Intensity III Samsung Intercept Samsung Intrepid Samsung IP-830w Samsung IP-A790 Samsung Jack Samsung JetSet-R550 Samsung Jitterbug-SPH-A110 Samsung Katalyst T739 Samsung Katalyst-SGH-T739 Samsung Knack U310 Samsung LTE MiFi Samsung LTE Mobile HotSpot Pro Samsung Lucello Samsung M140 Samsung M220 Samsung M240 Samsung M300 Samsung M3200-Beat-S Samsung M330 Samsung M370 Samsung M400 Samsung M500 Samsung M510 Samsung M510 Pink Samsung M520 Samsung M575 Samsung M610 Samsung Magnet Samsung Mantra M340 Samsung Memoir Samsung Mesmerize Samsung Messager II R560 Samsung Messager III Samsung Messager R450 Samsung Messager Touch SCH-r630 Blue Samsung Mirage-i907 Samsung MM-A700 Samsung MM-A800 Samsung MM-A880 Samsung MM-A900 Samsung MM-A920 Samsung MM-A920 Samsung MM-A940 Samsung Moment Samsung Mondi WiMAX SWD-M100 Samsung Montage Samsung Muse Samsung MyShot Samsung MyShot II R460 Samsung Mysto Samsung Mythic Samsung Omnia Samsung Omnia HD i8910 Samsung Omnia II Samsung P300 Samsung Pivot Samsung Pixon-M8800 Samsung PM-A740 Samsung PM-A840 Samsung Precedent Samsung Profile Samsung Propel Samsung Propel Pro Samsung R225m Samsung R335C Samsung R375C Samsung R451C Samsung R455C Samsung Rant Samsung Reality Samsung Reclaim Samsung Renown Samsung Replenish Samsung Repp Samsung Restore Samsung Rogue Samsung Rugby Samsung Rugby 4 Samsung Rugby II Samsung Rugby III Samsung Rugby Smart Samsung S125 Black Samsung S150G Black Samsung S275G Samsung S336C Samsung S380C Samsung S390G Samsung S425G Samsung Saga Samsung SCH r451c Samsung SCH-A220 Samsung SCH-A310 Samsung SCH-A530 Samsung SCH-A570 Samsung SCH-A610 Samsung SCH-A630 Samsung SCH-a645 Samsung SCH-A650 Samsung SCH-A670 Samsung SCH-A690 Samsung SCH-A770 Samsung SCH-A790 Samsung SCH-A850 Samsung SCH-A870 Samsung SCH-A890 Samsung SCH-A930 Samsung SCH-A950 Samsung SCH-A970 Samsung SCH-A990 Samsung SCH-I600 / SP-I600 Samsung SCH-i730 Samsung SCH-i760 Samsung SCH-i830 Samsung SCH-N150 Samsung SCH-N330 Samsung SCH-N370 Samsung SCH-R200 Samsung SCH-R300 Samsung SCH-R400 Samsung SCH-R410 Samsung SCH-r470 Red Samsung SCH-r500 Hue Samsung SCH-R610 Samsung SCH-T300 Samsung SCH-U340 Samsung SCH-U340-Snap Samsung SCH-U410 Samsung SCH-U420 Samsung SCH-u430 Black Samsung SCH-U470-Juke Navy Samsung SCH-U520 Samsung SCH-U540 Samsung SCH-U550 Samsung SCH-U620 Samsung SCH-U740 Samsung SCH-U740 Alias Samsung Seek Samsung SGH A237-Blue Samsung SGH A777 Blue Samsung SGH T429 Samsung SGH-A107 Samsung SGH-a127 Samsung SGH-A137 Samsung SGH-A167 Samsung SGH-A187 Blue Samsung SGH-A197 Black Samsung SGH-A226 Samsung SGH-A227 Samsung SGH-A437 Red Samsung SGH-A517 Samsung SGH-A637 Samsung SGH-a657 Samsung SGH-A717 Samsung SGH-A727 Samsung SGH-A736 Samsung SGH-A737 Blue Samsung SGH-C207 Samsung SGH-C225 Samsung SGH-C416 Black Samsung SGH-C417 Grey Samsung SGH-D100 Samsung SGH-D307 Samsung SGH-D357 Samsung SGH-D407 Samsung SGH-D415 / SGH-D410 Samsung SGH-D500 Samsung SGH-D520 Samsung SGH-D600 Samsung SGH-D700 Samsung SGH-D720 Samsung SGH-d800 Samsung SGH-D806 Black Samsung SGH-D807 Grey Samsung SGH-D820 Samsung SGH-D840 Samsung SGH-D900 Samsung SGH-E105 Samsung SGH-E315 Samsung SGH-E316 / SGH-E317 Samsung SGH-E335 Samsung SGH-E360 Samsung SGH-E400 Samsung SGH-E600 Samsung SGH-E610 Samsung SGH-E630 Samsung SGH-E635 Samsung SGH-E640 Samsung SGH-E715 Samsung SGH-E720 Samsung SGH-E730 Samsung SGH-E760 Samsung SGH-E770 Samsung SGH-E840 Samsung SGH-E870 Samsung SGH-E880 Samsung SGH-E900 Samsung SGH-i250 Samsung SGH-i300 Samsung SGH-i320 Samsung SGH-I505 / SGH-I500 Samsung SGH-I700 Samsung SGH-N105 Samsung SGH-N625 Samsung SGH-P100 Samsung SGH-P107 Samsung SGH-P207 Samsung SGH-P400 / SGH-P408 Samsung SGH-P500 Samsung SGH-P705 Samsung SGH-P716 / SGH-P710 Samsung SGH-P735 / SGH-P730 Samsung SGH-P777 Samsung SGH-P850 Samsung SGH-Q105 Samsung SGH-R225 / SGH-R225M Samsung SGH-S105 / SGH-S100 Samsung SGH-S200 Samsung SGH-S300 / SGH-S300M Samsung SGH-S307 Samsung SGH-T101G Samsung SGH-T139 Samsung SGH-T199 Samsung SGH-T201G Samsung SGH-T209 Red Samsung SGH-T219 Chocolate Samsung SGH-T229 Samsung SGH-T239 Maroon Samsung SGH-T249 Blue Samsung SGH-T259 Samsung SGH-T301G Samsung SGH-t309 Samsung SGH-t319 Samsung SGH-t349 Samsung SGH-T369 Samsung SGH-T409 Samsung SGH-T439 Samsung SGH-T509 Silver Samsung SGH-T509s Plum Samsung SGH-T519 Trace Samsung SGH-T609 Samsung SGH-T619 Samsung SGH-T629 Samsung SGH-T639 Samsung SGH-t659 Samsung SGH-T709 Samsung SGH-T719 Samsung SGH-T809 Samsung SGH-t819 Samsung SGH-V100 Samsung SGH-V205 / V200 / V206 Samsung SGH-X105 Samsung SGH-X400 Samsung SGH-X426 / SGH-X427 Samsung SGH-X450 Samsung SGH-X475 Samsung SGH-X480 Samsung SGH-X495 Samsung SGH-X496 Samsung SGH-X497 Samsung SGH-X506 Samsung SGH-X507 Samsung SGH-X640 Grey Samsung SGH-X660 Samsung SGH-X820 Samsung SGH-X830 Black Samsung SGH-ZX10 Samsung SGH-ZX20 Samsung Showcase Samsung Sidekick 4G Samsung Slash Samsung SLM-SGH-A747 Blue Samsung Smiley Samsung Smooth Samsung Socializer B3310 Pink Samsung Solstice Samsung Solstice II Samsung SP-i600 Samsung SPH-A250 Samsung SPH-A400 Samsung SPH-A420 Samsung SPH-A460 Samsung SPH-A500 Samsung SPH-A520 Samsung SPH-A540 Samsung SPH-A560 Samsung SPH-A580 Samsung SPH-A600 Samsung SPH-A620 / VGA1000 Samsung SPH-A640 Samsung SPH-A660 / VI660 Samsung SPH-A680 / VM-A680 Samsung SPH-A740 Samsung SPH-A760 Samsung SPH-A820 Samsung SPH-A860 Samsung SPH-A960 Samsung SPH-I300 Samsung SPH-i325-Ace Samsung SPH-I330 Samsung SPH-I500 Samsung SPH-I550 Samsung SPH-I700 Samsung SPH-M300 Silver Samsung SPH-M500 Red Samsung SPH-M610 Samsung SPH-N200 Samsung SPH-N240 Samsung SPH-N270 Matrix Samsung SPH-N290 Samsung SPH-N400 Samsung SPH-P9000 Samsung SPH-S100 Samsung SPH-Z400 Samsung SPH/SCH-N300 Samsung Stratosphere Samsung Stratosphere II Black Samsung Stride R335 Samsung Strike T459 Lime Samsung Stripe T329 Samsung Stripe-SGH-T329 Black Samsung Strive Samsung Stunt Samsung Suede Samsung Sunburst Samsung Sway Samsung SYNC-SGH-A707 Samsung T105G Black Samsung T109 Samsung T119 Samsung T139 Samsung T159 Samsung T201G Samsung T209 Samsung T219 Samsung T245G Gray Samsung T309 Samsung T319 Samsung T339 Samsung T369 Samsung T401G Samsung T404G Samsung T439 Samsung T509 Samsung T519 Trace Samsung T528G Samsung T609 Samsung T619 Samsung T629 Samsung T719 Samsung T809 Samsung Tocco T919 Samsung Trance Samsung Transfix SCH-R730 Samsung Transform Samsung Transform Ultra Samsung Trender Samsung Trill SCH-r520 Samsung Trinity Samsung U370 Black Samsung U430 Samsung Ultra Touch S8300 Samsung Upstage M620 Samsung UpStage-M620 Samsung VI660 Samsung Vibrant Samsung Vitality Samsung Wafer-R510 Samsung Wave S8500 Samsung X495 Samsung Z500 Samsung Z510 Samsung Z540 Samsung Z700 Samsung Zeal Sanyo 7050 Sanyo 8400 Sanyo Incognito Sanyo Innuendo Sanyo Innuendo by Kyocera Sanyo Juno SCP2700 Deep Blue Sanyo Katana Sanyo Katana Blue Sanyo Katana DLX Sanyo Katana Eclipse Sanyo Katana Eclipse X Sanyo Katana II Sanyo Katana LX Sanyo Katana-DLX Champagne Sanyo Katana-II Cosmic Black Sanyo M1 Sanyo M1 Sanyo Mirro SCP3810 Sanyo MM-5600 Sanyo MM-7500 Sanyo MM-8300 Sanyo MM-8300 Red Sanyo MM-9000 Sanyo MM7400 Sanyo MVP Sanyo PM8200 / SCP-8200 Sanyo PRO-200 Sanyo RL-4930 Sanyo RL4920 Sanyo S1 Sanyo SCP-200 Pink Sanyo SCP-2400 Sanyo SCP-2400 Misty Rose Sanyo SCP-2700 Sanyo SCP-3100 Sanyo SCP-3100 Pure Silver Sanyo SCP-3200 Sanyo SCP-3200 Black Sanyo SCP-3810 Sanyo SCP-4700 Sanyo SCP-4900 Sanyo SCP-5150 Sanyo SCP-5300 Sanyo SCP-5400 / RL2500 Sanyo SCP-5500 / VM4500 Sanyo SCP-6000 Sanyo SCP-6200 Sanyo SCP-6400 Sanyo SCP-7000 Black Sanyo SCP-7050 Sanyo SCP-7200 / RL2000 Sanyo SCP-7300 / RL7300 Sanyo SCP-8100 Sanyo SCP-8400 Midnight Black Sanyo Taho by Kyocera Sanyo Vero by Kyocera Sanyo VI-2300 Pink Sanyo Zio Saygus V2 Sendo M551 Sendo S-251 Sendo X Sendo Z100 Sharp 903 Sharp Aquos Crystal Sharp Aquos Crystal White Sharp FX Sharp FX PLUS Sharp GX-10 / GX-10I Sharp GX-15 / GZ100 Sharp GX-20 / GX-22 Sharp GX-25 Sharp GX-30 / GX-32 Sharp Sidekick 3 Sharp Sidekick-LX Blue Sharp T-Mobile Sidekick - Tony Hawk Edition Sharp TM-100 Sharp TM-150 Sharp TM-200 Sharp Z-800-Audiovox-7900 Siemens A56 / A56I Siemens A60 Siemens A65 Siemens C56 Siemens C60 Siemens C61 Siemens C62 Siemens CF62T Siemens CF63 / CF62/CF62t Siemens CT56 Siemens CT66 / C66 / C65 Siemens CX66 / CX65 Siemens M46 Siemens M55 Siemens M56 Siemens M65 Siemens MC60 Siemens S40 Siemens S46 Siemens S55 Siemens S56 Siemens S66 Siemens SK65 Siemens SL55 Siemens SL56 Siemens SL65 Siemens SX1 Siemens SX56 Siemens SX66 Siemens U10 Siemens U15 Sierra 598 USB Modem Sierra USB Lightning 305 Sierra Wireless 250U Aircard Silver Sierra Wireless 4G LTE Tri-Fi Hotspot Sierra Wireless AC595 PC Wireless Card Sierra Wireless AC595 PC/Mac Wireless Card Sierra Wireless AC595 PCMCIA Wireless Card Sierra Wireless AC595U Sierra Wireless AC595U USB PC/Mac Card Sierra Wireless AC597 ExpressCard PC/Mac Card Sierra Wireless AC597E-PC-Card Sierra Wireless Air-Card-875 Sierra Wireless AirCard 402 Sierra Wireless Aircard-860 Sierra Wireless Aircard-875u Sierra Wireless AirCard-881 Sierra Wireless Mercury USB Modem Sierra Wireless Overdrive Pro Sierra Wireless Overdrive Pro Mobile Hotspot Sierra Wireless U597 Aircard Sierra Wireless Unite Sierra Wireless USBConnect Shockwave Sierra Wireless USBConnect-881 Sierra Wireless VOQ-A11 SKY 4.0 Sky 5.0L Sonim XP STRIKE Sonim XP5 Sonim XP6 Sony C1904 Xperia M Sony Ericsson C510 Silver Sony Ericsson C702a Sony Ericsson C901 Noble Black Sony Ericsson C902 Red Sony Ericsson C903 Red Sony Ericsson C905 Sony Ericsson D750 Sony Ericsson Equinox Sony Ericsson G700 Business Edition Sony Ericsson GC79 Sony Ericsson GC79 Cellular and WiFi PC Card Sony Ericsson GC82 Sony Ericsson GC83 Sony Ericsson GC89 Sony Ericsson GC89 PCMCIA PC Cell WiFi Card Sony Ericsson GC99 Sony Ericsson Idou Sony Ericsson J220 Sony Ericsson J300a Sony Ericsson K500 Sony Ericsson K510a Sony Ericsson K550 Sony Ericsson K550 Sony Ericsson K600i Sony Ericsson K660i Red Sony Ericsson K700I Sony Ericsson K750i Sony Ericsson K770 Truffle Brown Sony Ericsson K790 Sony Ericsson K790a Sony Ericsson K800-Euro Sony Ericsson K850i Sony Ericsson M600i Sony Ericsson Mix Walkman Sony Ericsson P800 Sony Ericsson P900 Sony Ericsson P910 Sony Ericsson P990i Sony Ericsson R300 Antique Copper Sony Ericsson R306a Sony Ericsson S312 Dawn Blue Sony Ericsson S500 Sony Ericsson S700I Sony Ericsson S710A Sony Ericsson T106 Sony Ericsson T200 Sony Ericsson T206 Sony Ericsson T226 Sony Ericsson T237 Sony Ericsson T280a Sony Ericsson T290 Sony Ericsson T300 Sony Ericsson T306 Sony Ericsson T310 Sony Ericsson T316 Sony Ericsson T600 Sony Ericsson T606 Sony Ericsson T608 Sony Ericsson T610 Sony Ericsson T610 Sony Ericsson T616 Sony Ericsson T61C Sony Ericsson T61D / T61LX Sony Ericsson T61Z Sony Ericsson T62U Sony Ericsson T630 Sony Ericsson T637 Sony Ericsson T68I Sony Ericsson T700 Sony Ericsson T707 Mysterious Black Sony Ericsson TM506 Sony Ericsson txt pro Sony Ericsson V800 Sony Ericsson W200 Sony Ericsson W300i Sony Ericsson W302 White Sony Ericsson W380a electric purple Sony Ericsson W395 Blush Titanium Sony Ericsson W508 Sony Ericsson W580i White Sony Ericsson W595 Sony Ericsson W600i Sony Ericsson W610 Sony Ericsson W705 Sony Ericsson W710i Sony Ericsson W715 Sony Ericsson W760 Black Sony Ericsson W800i Sony Ericsson W810 Sony Ericsson W850 Sony Ericsson w850i Sony Ericsson W890i Black Sony Ericsson W900i White Sony Ericsson W902 Sony Ericsson W910 Black Sony Ericsson W950 Sony Ericsson W980 Sony Ericsson W995 Progressive Black Sony Ericsson Xperia Arc Misty Silver Sony Ericsson Xperia PLAY Sony Ericsson Xperia X10 Mini Sony Ericsson Xperia X10 Mini Pro Sony Ericsson Xperia X2 Sony Ericsson XPERIA-X1 Sony Ericsson Z200 Sony Ericsson Z300a Sony Ericsson Z310a Jet Black Sony Ericsson Z500 / Z500a Sony Ericsson Z520a Sony Ericsson Z525a Sony Ericsson Z550a Sterling Sony Ericsson Z555a Black Sony Ericsson Z600 Sony Ericsson Z610 Airy Blue Sony Ericsson Z780 Sony Ericsson Z780 Grand Onyx Sony SmartWatch 3 Sony Xperia acro S Black Sony Xperia E3 Sony Xperia E4 Sony Xperia L Red Sony Xperia M Yellow Sony Xperia M4 Aqua Sony Xperia P Sony Xperia PLAY 4G Sony Xperia S Sony Xperia SP Sony Xperia SP White Sony Xperia T3 LTE Sony Xperia Tablet Z Sony Xperia tipo dual Classic Black Sony Xperia tipo Serene Black Sony Xperia TL Sony Xperia U Sony Xperia X Sony Xperia X Performance Sony Xperia X10 Sony Xperia XA Sony Xperia XA Ultra Sony Xperia XT Sony Xperia Z Sony Xperia Z Ultra Sony Xperia Z1 Sony Xperia Z1 Compact Sony Xperia Z1S Sony Xperia Z2 Sony Xperia Z2 Sony Xperia Z2 tablet Sony Xperia Z3 Sony Xperia Z3 Compact Sony Xperia Z3+ Sony Xperia Z3v Sony Xperia Z3v White Sony Xperia Z4 Sony Xperia Z4 Tablet Sony Xperia Z4v Sony Xperia Z5 Sony Xperia Z5 Compact Sony Xperia Z5 Premium Sony Z Ultra Google Play edition SpareOne Emergency Phone Spectrum 2 by LG Spectrum by LG Sprint 3G/4G Plug-in Connect USB Sprint Flash Sprint Force Sprint LivePro Sprint Phone Connect 2 Sprint Plug-in-Connect Trimode Sprint Pocket WiFi Sprint PPC 6700 Sprint Vital Sprint WeGo T-Mobile 4G LTE HotSpot Z915 T-Mobile 4G Mobile Hotspot T-Mobile 665 T-Mobile 665 Navy Blue T-Mobile 768 T-Mobile Comet T-Mobile Concord T-Mobile Concord T-Mobile Concord II T-Mobile Dash T-Mobile G-Slate with Google T-Mobile G2 T-Mobile G2x T-Mobile Jet 2.0 4G Stick T-Mobile MDA T-Mobile myTouch T-Mobile myTouch 4G T-Mobile myTouch 4G Slide T-Mobile myTouch Q T-Mobile Prism T-Mobile Prism II T-Mobile Rocket 3.0 4G Laptop T-Mobile SDA T-Mobile Sidekick 3 T-Mobile Sidekick iD T-Mobile Sidekick II T-Mobile Sonic 2.0 Mobile Hotspot T-Mobile Sonic 4G T-Mobile Sparq T-Mobile Sparq T-Mobile Wing Telson TDC-8100 Toshiba CDM-9950 / VM4050 Toshiba Excite 10 LE Toshiba Excite Pro Toshiba Excite Pure Toshiba Excite Write Toshiba TG01 Toshiba Thrive 16GB Toshiba VM-4050 Turing Phone UNIMAX MAXBravo UNIMAX MAXPatriot Unimax MXE-675 Unimax U671C Black UT Starcom PC-5740 UTStarcom 5740-PC-Card UTStarcom Arc-CDM-8074 UTStarcom Blitz UTStarcom Casio-G'zOne-Type-S UTStarcom CDM-220 UTStarcom CDM-7025 UTStarcom CDM-7026 UTStarcom CDM-7075 UTStarcom CDM-7126 UTStarcom CDM-8945 UTStarcom Coupe UTStarcom G'zOne UTStarcom Knick UTStarcom PC5750 PCMCIA PC Broadband Card UTStarcom PC5750-PC-Card UTStarcom PCS-1450 / CDM-1450 UTStarcom Quickfire Gray UTStarcom Shuttle UTStarcom Slice-PCS-1400 UTStarcom UM150-USB-Modem UTStarcom UM175 USB Velocity Micro Cruz 10 inch 4GB Black Velocity Micro Cruz 7 inch 4GB Black Velocity Micro Cruz T510 10 inch Verizon 4G LTE Broadband Router with Voice Verizon 4G LTE MiFi 4510L Verizon 4G LTE USB Modem 551L Verizon 4G LTE USB Modem UML295 Verizon Adamant Verizon Ellipsis 8 Verizon Ellipsis Jetpack MHS800L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot - MiFi MHS291L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot MHS291L Verizon Jetpack MiFi 4620LE 4G LTE Verizon Jetpack MiFi 5510L 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot Verizon Jetpack MiFi 6620L Verizon Wireless 4G LTE USB Modem 551L Verizon Wireless Ellipsis Black 7 Inch Verizon Wireless Fivespot Global Ready 3G Mobile Hotspot Verizon Wireless Home Phone Connect Verizon Wireless Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot MiFi 5510L Verizon Wireless Turbine 7.0 Verizon Wireless USB551L Virgin Mobile Awe Visual Land Prestige 7Q Black Vizio VIA Phone Vizio VIA Tablet VK Mobile Kickflip vtech A700 Wikipad 7 inch tablet Windows Phone 8S Windows Phone 8X Xiaomi Mi 3 Xiaomi Mi 4i Xiaomi Redmi 2 Xperia ion by Sony YotaPhone 2 Zenum International Mobile Hotspot ZTE 4G LTE Router with Voice ZTE Agent ZTE Allstar ZTE Anthem 4G ZTE Anthem 4G ZTE Aspect ZTE AT&T Home Phone Connect ZTE Atrium ZTE Avail ZTE Avail 2 ZTE Avid 4G ZTE Avid 4G ZTE Avid Plus ZTE AWE ZTE Axon 7 ZTE Axon Pro ZTE Boost Max+ ZTE C78 ZTE C79 ZTE Chorus ZTE Citrine ZTE Compel ZTE Compel Black ZTE Concord II ZTE Director ZTE Engage ZTE Engage LT ZTE Flash ZTE Force ZTE Fury ZTE Grand S ZTE Grand S II ZTE Grand S Pro ZTE Grand S3 ZTE Grand X 3 ZTE Grand X Max+ ZTE Groove Black ZTE Illustra ZTE Imperial ZTE Jetpack ZTE Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot EuFi890 ZTE Lever ZTE LivePro ZTE Majesty ZTE Maven ZTE Maven 2 ZTE Max Duo ZTE Memo ZTE Merit ZTE Midnight ZTE MSGM8 II ZTE Mustang ZTE Mustang ZTE Nubia 5S Mini ZTE Nubia Z11 ZTE Nubia Z5 ZTE Obsidian ZTE Optik ZTE Optik ZTE Overture ZTE Overture 2 ZTE Paragon ZTE Prelude ZTE Prestige ZTE Quartz ZTE Rapido LTE ZTE Reef ZTE Salute ZTE Savvy ZTE Scend ZTE Score ZTE Score M ZTE Solar ZTE Sonata 4G White ZTE Source Black ZTE Speed ZTE Stratos ZTE Supreme ZTE Supreme ZTE Tempo ZTE Unico LTE ZTE Unite ZTE Valet ZTE Velocity ZTE Vital ZTE Warp ZTE Warp 7 ZTE Warp Elite ZTE Warp Sequent ZTE Warp Sync ZTE Warp Sync ZTE Whirl ZTE Whirl 2 ZTE Whirl 2 Black ZTE Z221 Black ZTE Z222 ZTE Z331 Black ZTE Z431 Black ZTE Z432 ZTE Z432 Black ZTE Z667 ZTE Z768 Midnight Blue ZTE Z990 ZTE Z992 Black ZTE Zephyr ZTE Zinger ZTE ZMAX ZTE ZMAX 2 ZTE ZMax Pro ALLTEL U Prepaid Pay-per-day cell phone plan details ALLTEL U Prepaid Pay-per-minute cell phone plan details ALLTEL U Prepaid pay-per-month 200 cell phone plan details ALLTEL U Prepaid pay-per-month 400 cell phone plan details ALLTEL U Prepaid Pay-per-month 700 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Family Choice Plan cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 1000 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 1200 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 1600 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 2200 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 4500 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 6500 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 700 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless My Circle Family Choice Plus 1000 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless My Circle Family Choice Plus 2000 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless MyCircle Family Choice Premier 2200 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless MyCircle Smart Choice 500 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 1400 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 2100 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 4000 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 500 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 6000 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 750 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 900 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom Unlimited cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Smart Choice Pack 1200 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Smart Choice Pack 2000 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Smart Choice Pack 500 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Smart Choice Pack 5500 cell phone plan details amp'd $100 National 3000 cell phone plan details amp'd $150 National Unlimited cell phone plan details amp'd $30 National 500 cell phone plan details amp'd $70 National 1500 cell phone plan details amp'd End The Boredom cell phone plan details amp'd Unlimited Forever Overdose cell phone plan details amp'd Unlimited Forever Overload cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 200 MB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 250MB 2YR cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 250MB for 4G LTE Tablets cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 3GB 2YR cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 3GB for 4G LTE Tablets cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 3GB for Tablets cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 5GB 2YR cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 5GB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 5GB for 4G cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 5GB for 4G LTE cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 5GB for 4G LTE Tablets cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for 3GB for Tablets cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for iPad 250MB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for iPad 3GB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for iPad 5GB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for Tablets 250MB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for Tablets 3GB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for Tablets 5GB cell phone plan details AT&T DataPlus 300MB for BlackBerry cell phone plan details AT&T DataPlus 300MB for BlackBerry for 4G cell phone plan details AT&T DataPlus 300MB for iPhone 4S cell phone plan details AT&T DataPlus 300MB for iPhone cell phone plan details AT&T DataPlus 300MB for Smartphones 4G cell phone plan details AT&T DataPlus 300MB for Smartphones cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 3GB for BlackBerry cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 3GB for BlackBerry for 4G cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 3GB for iPhone 4S cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 3GB for iPhone cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 3GB for Smartphones 4G cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 3GB for Smartphones cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 5GB for BlackBerry for 4G Tethering cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 5GB for BlackBerry Tethering cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 5GB for iPhone 4S Personal Hotspot cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 5GB for iPhone Personal Hotspot cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 5GB for Smartphones 4G Tethering cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 5GB for Smartphones Tethering cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone $2 Daily Unlimited cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone $25 Monthly cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone $30 Monthly Plan for Smartphones AT&T GoPhone $35 Monthly cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone $40 Monthly Plan for Smartphones AT&T GoPhone $45 Monthly cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone $45 Smartphone Monthly Plan with Data AT&T GoPhone $60 Smartphone Monthly Plan with Data AT&T GoPhone 10¢ per Minute cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone 250MB of data for tablets cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone 3GB of data for tablets cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone 5GB of data for tablets cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone Smartphone $2 day Unlimited Talk and Text cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone Smartphone 10¢ per minute cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share 10GB AT&T Mobile Share 15GB AT&T Mobile Share 2GB AT&T Mobile Share 300MB AT&T Mobile Share 50GB AT&T Mobile Share 6GB AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (10GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (15GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (1GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (20GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (2GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (300MB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (30GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (40GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (4GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (50GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (6GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 100GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 10GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 16GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 1GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 25GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 30GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 3GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 40GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 50GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 60GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 6GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 80GB AT&T Mobile Share Data 20GB cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Data 40GB cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Data 4GB cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value 10GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 15GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 1GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 20GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 25GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 2GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 300MB AT&T Mobile Share Value 30GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 3GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 40GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 50GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 5GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 60GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 6GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 7GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 8GB AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Basic or Messaging 10GB-50GB plans cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Basic or Messaging 300MB-6GB plans cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Broadband cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Smartphone No annual service contract 10GB-50GB plans cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Smartphone No annual service contract 300MB-6GB plans cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Smartphone Two-year agreement 10GB-50GB plans cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Smartphone Two-year agreement 300MB-6GB plans cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Tablet cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Wireless Home Phone cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share with Unlimited Talk & Text 1GB cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share with Unlimited Talk & Text 8GB cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 1350 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 2000 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 4000 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 450 w/ Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 450 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 6000 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 900 w/ Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 900 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family 1400 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family 2100 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family 3000 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family 4000 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family 6000 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family 700 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family Talk Additional Line $49.99 cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family Talk Additional Line $9.99 cell phone plan details AT&T Nation FamilyTalk 1400 w/ Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation FamilyTalk 2100 w/ Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation FamilyTalk 550 w/ Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation FamilyTalk 700 w/ Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation FamilyTalk Unlimited cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Unlimited cell phone plan details AT&T Nation with Canada FamilyTalk 1400 - NWCFT1400 - Additional Line cell phone plan details AT&T Nation with Canada FamilyTalk 2100 - NWCFT2100 - Additional Line cell phone plan details AT&T Nation with Canada FamilyTalk 3000 - NWCFT3000 - Additional Line cell phone plan details AT&T Nation with Canada FamilyTalk 4000 - NWCFT4000 - Additional Line cell phone plan details AT&T Nation with Canada FamilyTalk 6000 - NWCFT6000 - Additional Line cell phone plan details AT&T Nation with Canada FamilyTalk 700 - NWCFT700 - Additional Line cell phone plan details AT&T Senior Nation 200 cell phone plan details AT&T Unlimited Data with DIRECTV AT&T Unlimited Home Phone Calling cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico 1350 and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico 1400 FamilyTalk cell phone plan details | PhoneDog AT&T Viva Mexico 2000 and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico 2100 FamilyTalk cell phone plan details | PhoneDog AT&T Viva Mexico 3000 FamilyTalk cell phone plan details | PhoneDog AT&T Viva Mexico 4000 and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico 4000 FamilyTalk cell phone plan details | PhoneDog AT&T Viva Mexico 450 and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico 6000 and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico 6000 FamilyTalk cell phone plan details | PhoneDog AT&T Viva Mexico 700 FamilyTalk cell phone plan details | PhoneDog AT&T Viva Mexico 900 and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico Additional Line cell phone plan details | PhoneDog BOOM! Mobile Unlimited Talk & Text 250MB BOOM! Mobile Unlimited Talk & Text 2GB BOOM! Mobile Unlimited Talk & Text 5GB Boost Mobile $35 Data Boost Plan cell phone plan details Boost Mobile $45 Data Boost Plan cell phone plan details Boost Mobile $50 Monthly Unlimited cell phone plan details Boost Mobile $55 Data Boost Plan cell phone plan details Boost Mobile $55 Monthly Unlimited cell phone plan details Boost Mobile BlackBerry Daily Unlimited $3 cell phone plan details Boost Mobile BlackBerry Monthly Unlimited cell phone plan details Boost Mobile Daily Unlimited $2 cell phone plan details Boost Mobile Daily Unlimited $3 cell phone plan details Boost Mobile Data Boost Boost Mobile Family Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited Plan with Shrinking Payments Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited Select Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited with Growing Data Boost Mobile Pay As You Go Phone 20¢ per minute cell phone plan details Boost Mobile Unlimited Starter Boost Mobile Unlimited Unhook'd Cellular One Local 3000 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 1000 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 1500 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 1600 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 2200 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 4000 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 500 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 6000 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 9000 cell phone plan details Cellular One National Workday cell phone plan details Cellular One Regional 2600 cell phone plan details Cellular One Statewide 400 cell phone plan details Cellular One Stop Counting Minutes - National Anytime cell phone plan details Cellular One Stop Counting Minutes - Statewide cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Nation 1400 cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Nation 1800 cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Nation 400 cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Nation 800 cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Region 1000 cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Region 1500 cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Region 600 cell phone plan details CREDO Mobile 10GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 15GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 1GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 2GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 3GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 4GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 6GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 8GB Shared Data Plan Cricket $25 Talk & Text cell phone plan details Cricket $40 Basic Plan or $35 after Auto Pay credit cell phone plan details Cricket $50 Smart plan or $45 after Auto Pay credit cell phone plan details Cricket $60 Pro plan or $55 after Auto Pay credit cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Alpha $30 monthly cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Battalion $160 4 member family plan cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Bravo $35 monthly cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Brigade $240 6 member family plan cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Charlie $45 monthly cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Delta $60 monthly cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Platoon $145 3 member family plan cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Regiment $195 5 member family plan cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Squad $110 2 member family plan cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Xray $80 monthly cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Yankee $100 monthly cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Zulu $110 monthly cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalCarryover 1000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalCarryover 1200 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalCarryover 1500 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalCarryover 800 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 10000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 1100 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 1500 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 2000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 3000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 3500 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 6000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 800 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalCarryover 1000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalCarryover 1250 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalCarryover 600 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalCarryover 800 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalEdge 1300 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalEdge 2000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalEdge 3000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalEdge 450 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalEdge 750 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalEdge 900 cell phone plan details Einstein Basic cell phone plan details Einstein Extreme cell phone plan details Einstein Plus cell phone plan details Einstein Value cell phone plan details Einstein Wisconsin 1000 cell phone plan details Einstein Wisconsin 500 cell phone plan details FreedomPop Unlimited Talk & Text 1GB FreedomPop Unlimited Talk & Text 500MB GIV Mobile The 20 Plan GIV Mobile The 25 Plan GIV Mobile The 30 Plan GIV Mobile The 40 Plan GIV Mobile The 60 Plan Liberty Wireless 10 Cents A Minute Flat Rate cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless Anytime 2000 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless Anytime 800 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless My TopTwo Anytime 800 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless My TopTwo Unlimited N&W 350 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless Nights & Weekends 200 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless Nights & Weekends 350 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless Nights & Weekends 650 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless True Liberty cell phone plan details MetroPCS $40 Unlimited Data, Talk and Text cell phone plan details MetroPCS $45 Unlimited cell phone plan details MetroPCS $50 Unlimited Data, Talk and Text cell phone plan details MetroPCS $60 Unlimited Talk, Text and Data MetroPCS Additional Lines 3-5 for the $40 plan cell phone plan details MetroPCS Additional Lines 3-5 for the $50 plan cell phone plan details MetroPCS Additional Lines 3-5 for the $60 plan cell phone plan details Net10 $35 Unlimited Talk and Text cell phone plan details Net10 $40 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data cell phone plan details Net10 $60 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data cell phone plan details Net10 $65 Unlimited International Talk, Text, Data cell phone plan details Net10 $75 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data cell phone plan details Net10 1000 Minutes 30 Day Monthly Plan cell phone plan details Net10 200 Minutes 30 Day Monthly Plan cell phone plan details Net10 500 Minutes 30 Day Monthly Plan cell phone plan details Net10 Family Plan Four People cell phone plan details Net10 Family Plan Three People cell phone plan details Net10 Family Plan Two People cell phone plan details Net10 Unlimited International Talk, Text, Data 30 Day Monthly Plan cell phone plan details Net10 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data Net10 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data Family (2+ Lines) Net10 Wireless Home Phone Unlimited Nationwide calling cell phone plan details Net10 Wireless Home Phone Unlimited Nationwide plus International calling cell phone plan details NTelos $39.99 Unlimited Regional cell phone plan details NTelos $49.99 Unlimited Regional cell phone plan details NTelos $59.99 Unlimited Regional cell phone plan details NTelos $69.99 Unlimited Regional cell phone plan details NTelos $99.99 Unlimited Regional cell phone plan details NTelos Nation - $29.99 cell phone plan details NTelos Nation - $39.99 cell phone plan details NTelos Nation - $49.99 cell phone plan details NTelos Nation - $59.99 cell phone plan details NTelos Nation - $79.99 cell phone plan details NTelos Nation - $99.99 cell phone plan details NTelos NTELOS HomeFree Region - $55.99 cell phone plan details NTelos NTELOS HomeFree Region - $75.99 cell phone plan details Opex Wireless Nationwide 100 cell phone plan details Opex Wireless On-The-Fly cell phone plan details Pix Wireless $10 CDMA Pay GO Pix Wireless $10 GSM Pay GO Pix Wireless $12 CDMA Weekly Pix Wireless $12 GSM Weekly Pix Wireless $15 CDMA Weekly Pix Wireless $15 GSM Weekly Pix Wireless $20 CDMA Monthly Pix Wireless $20 CDMA Pay GO Pix Wireless $20 GSM Blue Pix Wireless $20 GSM Pay GO Pix Wireless $25 CDMA Monthly Pix Wireless $25 GSM Blue Pix Wireless $30 CDMA Monthly Pix Wireless $30 CDMA Pay GO Pix Wireless $30 GSM Blue Pix Wireless $30 GSM Pay GO Pix Wireless $35 GSM Blue Pix Wireless $40 CDMA Monthly Pix Wireless $40 GSM Blue Pix Wireless $50 CDMA Pay GO Pix Wireless $50 GSM Blue Pix Wireless $50 GSM Pay GO Pix Wireless $55 CDMA Monthly Pix Wireless $65 CDMA Monthly Pix Wireless $75 CDMA Pay GO Pix Wireless $75 GSM Pay GO Pix Wireless $9 CDMA Weekly Pix Wireless $9 GSM Weekly Qwest Wireless Cross Country 1000 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 1500 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 200 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 2000 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 2500 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 3000 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 500 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 750 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 1000 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 1500 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 200 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 2000 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 2500 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 3000 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 500 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 750 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Unlimited cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract $55 Mexico Plan cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract $55 Smartphone Plan cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract $65 Global Plan cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract Feature Plan $25 cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract Feature Plan $35 cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract Muve Music Plan $50 cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract Muve Music Plan $60 cell phone plan details Republic Refund Plan with 0.5 GB Republic Refund Plan with 1 GB Republic Refund Plan with 2 GB Republic Refund Plan with 3 GB Republic Refund Plan with 4 GB Republic Refund Plan with 5 GB Republic Wireless $10 Plan Republic Wireless $25 Plan Republic Wireless $40 Plan Republic Wireless $5 Plan (WiFi Only) Republic Wireless Base Plan Republic Wireless Clear Choice Republic Wireless Unlimited Talk & Text 10GB Data Republic Wireless Unlimited Talk & Text 1GB Data Republic Wireless Unlimited Talk & Text 2GB Data Republic Wireless Unlimited Talk & Text 4GB Data Republic Wireless Unlimited Talk & Text 6GB Data ROK Mobile Ultimate Unlimited Scratch Wireless Free Plan Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $1.99 Voice Pass Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $14.99 Voice Pass Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $6.99 Voice Pass Solavei Prepaid Unlimited SpeedTalk Mobile PayGo $10 SpeedTalk Mobile PayGo $100 SpeedTalk Mobile PayGo $25 SpeedTalk Mobile PayGo $5 SpeedTalk Mobile PayGo $50 SpeedTalk Mobile Special $15 SpeedTalk Mobile Special $18 SpeedTalk Mobile Special $5 SpeedTalk Mobile Special $80 SpeedTalk Mobile Special $9 Sprint 100MB Tablet plan cell phone plan details Sprint 12GB Tablet plan cell phone plan details Sprint 1GB Tablet plan cell phone plan details Sprint 3G or 4G Mobile Broadband Connection 12GB cell phone plan details Sprint 3G or 4G Mobile Broadband Connection 6GB cell phone plan details Sprint 3G or 4G Mobile Hotspot Connection 3GB cell phone plan details Sprint 3GB Tablet plan cell phone plan details Sprint 6GB Tablet plan cell phone plan details Sprint All-In Wireless Smartphone + Unlimited Sprint Basic Plan cell phone plan details Sprint Better Choice L Sprint Better Choice M Sprint Better Choice S Sprint Better Choice XL Sprint Better Choice XS Sprint Better Choice XXL Sprint Family Share Pack 10GB Sprint Family Share Pack 12GB Sprint Family Share Pack 16GB Sprint Family Share Pack 1GB Sprint Family Share Pack 20GB Sprint Family Share Pack 2GB Sprint Family Share Pack 32GB Sprint Family Share Pack 40GB Sprint Family Share Pack 4GB Sprint Family Share Pack 60GB Sprint Family Share Pack 8GB Sprint Family Share Pack Additional Line $15 per non-discounted phone 20BB-60GB options cell phone plan details Sprint Family Share Pack Additional Line $25 per non-discounted phone 600MB-16GB options cell phone plan details Sprint Family Share Pack Additional Line $40 per discounted phone all data options cell phone plan details Sprint Family Share Pack Mobile Broadband $20 per non-discounted all data options cell phone plan details Sprint Family Share Pack Tablet $10 per non-discounted all data options cell phone plan details Sprint My All-in cell phone plan details Sprint Phone Connect cell phone plan details Sprint Premium Data add-on cell phone plan details Sprint PrePaid $35 unlimited talk & text with 1GB data cell phone plan details Sprint PrePaid $45 unlimited talk & text with 3GB data cell phone plan details Sprint PrePaid $55 unlimited talk & text with 6GB data cell phone plan details Sprint Prepaid $60 Unlimited Talk, Text & Data Sprint Prepaid Unlimited Data, Talk & Text Sprint Simply Unlimited Plan for iPhone 6 & iPhone 6 Plus Sprint Unlimited Freedom Sprint Unlimited Freedom Premium Sprint Unlimited My Way cell phone plan details Sprint Unlimited My Way Family cell phone plan details Sprint Unlimited Single Line Sprint Unlimited Talk, Text & High Speed Data Straight Talk All You Need Straight Talk Unlimited Straight Talk Unlimited Plus International SunCom now T-Mobile America 1200 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile America 1800 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile America 2300 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile America 300 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile America 800 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile America Unlimited cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile Regional 1250 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile Regional 2500 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile Regional 500 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile Regional UnPlan cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile SunCom NEW cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile UnPlan Tri-Cities 2000 cell phone plan details SureWest Local Value - 2yr. - $29.00 cell phone plan details SureWest Unlimited - 2yr. - $33.00 cell phone plan details SureWest Unlimited California - 1yr. - $45.00 cell phone plan details SureWest Unlimited California - 2yr. - $39.00 cell phone plan details SureWest Unlimited USA - 1yr. - $49.00 cell phone plan details SureWest Unlimited USA - 2yr. - $44.00 cell phone plan details T-Mobile Additional Line Simple Choice 2.5GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Additional Line Simple Choice 500MB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Additional Line Simple Choice Unlimited cell phone plan details T-Mobile Old Family plan cell phone plan details T-Mobile ONE T-Mobile ONE Plus T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 10.5GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 12GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 2.5GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 4.5GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 500MB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 6.5GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 8.5GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Pay As You Go T-Mobile PrePaid 1000 Whenever minutes $100 cell phone plan details T-Mobile PrePaid 1500 Talk & Text (with 30MB of data) cell phone plan details T-Mobile PrePaid Unlimited Talk, Text and High Speed Internet (first 5GB at up to 4G speeds) cell phone plan details T-Mobile PrePaid Unlimited Talk, Text and Web (first 100 MB up to 4G speeds) cell phone plan details T-Mobile PrePaid Unlimited Text and 10¢/minute cell phone plan details T-Mobile PrePaid Unlimited Text and 10¢/minute cell phone plan details T-Mobile Simple Choice T-Mobile Simple Choice 1GB 4G LTE Data plan cell phone plan details T-Mobile Simple Choice 2.5GB Family cell phone plan details T-Mobile Simple Choice 500MB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Simple Choice 500MB Family cell phone plan details T-Mobile Simple Choice No Credit Check T-Mobile Simple Choice Prepaid T-Mobile Simple Choice Unlimited Family cell phone plan details T-Mobile Simple Starter Plan T-Mobile Simply Prepaid T-Mobile Unlimited Family T-Mobile Unlimited Family T-Mobile Unlimited Talk and Text T-Mobile Unlimited Web and Text Telcel America 30 Days Basic International $29 cell phone plan details Telcel America 30 Days Plus Plan Unlimited $60 cell phone plan details Telcel America 30 Days Unlimited International Service $40 cell phone plan details Telcel America 30 Days Unlimited International Service $50 cell phone plan details Telcel America 7 Days Unlimited Plus Plan $20 cell phone plan details Tello $10 Pay As You Go Tello $10 Talk & Text Tello $10 Talk Only Tello $10 Talk-Text-Data Tello $11 Data Only Tello $12 Talk-Text-Data Tello $13 Talk-Text-Data Tello $14 Talk-Text-Data Tello $16 Talk-Text-500MB Tello $16 Talk-Text-Data Tello $17 Talk-Text-Data Tello $18 Talk-Text-1GB Tello $18 Talk-Text-Data Tello $19 Talk-Text-Data Tello $20 Pay As You Go Tello $20 Talk-Text-Data Tello $21 Data Only Tello $21 Talk-Text-1GB Tello $21 Talk-Text-Data Tello $24 Talk-Text-Data Tello $27 Talk-Text-Data Tello $45 Data Only Tello $5 Pay As You Go Tello $5 Talk & Text Tello $5 Talk Only Tello $50 Pay As You Go Tello $6 Talk & Text Tello $7 Talk Only Tello $8 Talk & Text Tello $9 Talk-Text-Data Tello Unlimited Talk & Text Tello Unlimited Talk & Text 1GB Tello Unlimited Talk & Text 200MB Tello Unlimited Talk & Text 2GB Tello Unlimited Talk Only TextNow Wireless Grande Plan TextNow Wireless Quattro Plan TextNow Wireless Tall Plan TextNow Wireless Venti Plan The Verizon Plan - 100GB The Verizon Plan - 12GB The Verizon Plan - 20GB The Verizon Plan - 25GB The Verizon Plan - 30GB The Verizon Plan - 40GB The Verizon Plan - 50GB The Verizon Plan - 60GB The Verizon Plan - 80GB The Verizon Plan - L The Verizon Plan - M The Verizon Plan - S The Verizon Plan - XL The Verizon Plan - XXL Ting L Plan Ting M Plan Ting S Plan Ting XL Plan TPO Goodness to Go Big TPO Goodness to Go Low TPO Goodness to Go Mega TPO Goodness to Go More TPO Goodness to Go Plus TPO Goodness to Go Pro TPO Infinity TPO Unlimited Goodness Caring TPO Unlimited Goodness Global TPO Unlimited Goodness Gracious TPO Unlimited Goodness Hero TPO Unlimited Goodness Kind TPO Unlimited Goodness Noble TPO Unlimited Goodness North America TPO Unlimited Goodness People's TPO Unlimited Monthly Goodness 30 TPO Unlimited Monthly Goodness 40 TPO Unlimited Monthly Goodness 50 TPO Unlimited Monthly Goodness 65 Tracfone $19.99 plan - 60 units cell phone plan details Tracfone $29.99 plan - 120 units cell phone plan details TracFone 120 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan Tracfone 125 Value Plan cell phone plan details TracFone 200 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan Tracfone 200 Value Plan cell phone plan details TracFone 450 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan Tracfone 50 Family Value Plan cell phone plan details Tracfone 50 Value Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 10GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 10GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 12GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 12GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 14GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 14GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 16GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 16GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 18GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 18GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 1GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 1GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 20GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 20GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 2GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 2GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 300MB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 300MB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 30GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 30GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 3GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 40GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 40GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 4GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 4GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 50GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 50GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 6GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 6GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 75GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 8GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 8GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Family Talk & Text Additional Line cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Family Talk 1000 & Unlimited Text Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Prepaid Simple Connect 2GB Data, Unlimited Talk & Text cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Prepaid Simple Connect 500MB Data, Unlimited Talk & Text cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Prepaid Simple Connect Unlimited Data for Basic Phones cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Prepaid Talk Only Pay-As-You-Go-Minutes cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Prepaid Unlimited Data, Talk & Text cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Basic Phone cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Home Phone cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Mobile Hotspot cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Smartphone cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Tablet cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Vehicle Monitoring cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Wireless Modem cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Talk 450 & Unlimited Text Plan cell phone plan details US Mobile 100 Mins Talk US Mobile 1500 Mins Talk US Mobile 250 Mins Talk US Mobile 5000 Mins Talk US Mobile 750 Mins Talk Verizon 100GB More Everything Verizon 10GB More Everything Verizon 14GB More Everything Verizon 15GB More Everything Verizon 16GB More Everything Verizon 20GB More Everything Verizon 2GB More Everything Verizon 30GB More Everything Verizon 40GB More Everything Verizon 4GB More Everything Verizon 500MB More Everything Verizon 50GB More Everything Verizon 60GB More Everything Verizon 80GB More Everything Verizon 8GB More Everything Verizon Prepaid Smartphone Plan Verizon Wireless $60 Single Line Plan cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless 150 MB Email & Web for BlackBerry cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless 150 MB Email & Web for Smartphones cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless 25 MB Data & Web with Mobile Email cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Basic 700 Minutes cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Basic cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Broadband cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Camera cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line plus Canada Family cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Smartphone cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Tablets cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Talk and Text Family cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Talk and Text Unlimited Family cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Talk Family cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Talk Unlimited Family cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Data Only 10GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Data Only 8GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Home Phone Connect cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband 10 GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband 5 GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband for iPad 2 10GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband for iPad 2 2GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband for iPad 2 5GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband for Tablets 10GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband for Tablets 2GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband for Tablets 5GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless More Everything Basic 700 Minutes cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless More Everything Basic Unlimited cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless More Everything Tablet Plan cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless More Everything USB Modem or Jetpack Plan cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide 65 Plus cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide 65 Plus Two-Line SharePlan cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Messaging Unlimited cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada 1350 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada 2000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada 4000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada 450 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada 6000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada 900 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada Family SharePlan 1400 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada Family SharePlan 2000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada Family SharePlan 3000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada Family SharePlan 4000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada Family SharePlan 6000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada Family SharePlan 700 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Premium Family SharePlan 6000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk 900 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text 450 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text 900 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text Family SharePlan 1400 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text Family SharePlan 2000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text Family SharePlan 700 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text Family SharePlan Unlimited cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text Unlimited cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk Family SharePlan 1400 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk Family SharePlan 2000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk Family SharePlan 700 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk Family SharePlan Unlimited cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk Unlimited cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Unlimited Push-To-Talk cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $0.00 Daily cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $0.99 Daily cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $1.99 Daily cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $15 for 250 MB of data weekly cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $35 ALLSET Plan (Basic Phones) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $45 ALLSET Plan (Basic Phones) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $60 for 3 GB of data monthly cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $60 Monthly Unlimited Talk, Text, and 2GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $70 Monthly Unlimited Talk, Text, and 4GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $90 for 10 GB of data monthly cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid 3G Monthly 450 (Smartphones and BlackBerrys) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid 3G Monthly 900 (Smartphones and BlackBerrys) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid 3G Monthly Talk and Text 450 (Smartphones and BlackBerrys) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid 3G Monthly Talk and Text 900 (Smartphones and BlackBerrys) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid 3G Monthly Talk and Text Unlimited (Smartphones and BlackBerrys) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid 3G Monthly Unlimited (Smartphones and BlackBerrys) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid Verizon Prepaid cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid Verizon PrePaid cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Smartphone Single Line Plan Verizon Wireless Smartphone Unlimited Corporate Email & Web cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Unlimited Corporate Email & Web for BlackBerry cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Unlimited Corporate Email & Web for Smartphones cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Unlimited Data & Web with Mobile Email cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Unlimited Email & Web for BlackBerry cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Unlimited Email & Web for Smartphones cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Beyond Talk BlackBerry $50 cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Beyond Talk for BlackBerry $35 cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Beyond Talk for BlackBerry $70 cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Broadband2Go $25 cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Broadband2Go $55 cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Broadband2Go 100 MB for 10 days cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Data Love Virgin Mobile payLo 1500 Talk & Text Virgin Mobile payLo 400 Minutes Virgin Mobile payLo Basic Rate cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile payLo Unlimited Talk & Text Virgin Mobile Unlimited + International + Extra Virgin Mobile Unlimited + More Data Virgin Mobile Unlimited Data & Text Plus 300 minutes cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Unlimited Data, Talk, & Text cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Unlimited Everything + International Virgin Mobile Unlimited Everything plus International cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Unlimited plus International plus Extra cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Virgin mobile #5 cell phone plan details Number of Lines: - Any - 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 Minutes: Unlimited Messages: 500 Data: Select the amount of total data you need for the entire plan. For example, if you need 2 lines with 1 GB of data each, you would select 2 GB of data with the data slider below. - Any -05KB50MB30MB100MB125MB150MB200MB250MB300MB375MB400MB500MB600MB625MB700MB800MB900MB938MB1GB1.5GB2GB2.5GB3GB4GB5GB6GB7GB8GB10GB12GB14GB15GB16GB18GB20GB24GB25GB30GB32GB35GB40GB50GB60GB80GB100GB120GBUnlimited - Plans Featured Alcatel Idol 4S with Windows 10 Unboxing and First Impressions Beau Hamilton 6 days 7 hours ago 7 shares 4 3 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 LeEco Le Pro3 Unboxing and First Impressions Beau Hamilton 1 week 3 days ago iPhone 7 Review: One Month Later! Marco Hanna 2 weeks 19 hours ago 10 shares 6 2 0 1 0 0 0 1 0 MacBook Pro (13-inch 2016) Unboxing! Marco Hanna 2 weeks 2 days ago 10 shares 6 2 0 2 0 0 0 0 0 More Featured Articles Official Smartphone Rankings People's Choice Expert's Choice HTC 10 19 Votes Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote × Samsung Galaxy S7 edge 8 Votes Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote × Huawei Nexus 6P 8 Votes Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote × Samsung Galaxy Note 5 7 Votes Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote × LG G5 6 Votes Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote × Apple iPhone 7 Plus 1 Votes Apple iPhone 7 1 Votes HTC 10 19 Votes More People's Choice Latest Videos LG G5 Review: Two Months Later 12 shares 2 3 0 1 0 0 3 1 2 Battle of the Flagships: Design 27 shares 18 7 0 0 0 0 1 0 1 HTC 10 Challenge: The Best Built Smartphone? 18 shares 6 2 0 7 0 0 1 0 2 More Videos This Week's "People's Choice Rankings" Best Smartphone   HTC 10 Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote ×   Samsung Galaxy S7 edge Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote ×   Huawei Nexus 6P Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote ×   Samsung Galaxy Note 5 Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote ×   LG G5 Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote × Recent news from our top carriers: AT&T News AT&T Stream Saver will AT&T's prepaid GoPhone AT&T boosts GoPhone data AT&T launches Cuba roaming and AT&T to begin offering cracked Two more replacement Galaxy Note AT&T reportedly thinking about Sprint News HTC Bolt launches at Sprint with 5 Sprint teaming up with Google to Cell Phone Deals November 2016 Sprint launches unlimited data HTC Bolt shown off in leaked Sprint and Best Buy are the latest LG V20 launching at Sprint on T-Mobile News Blue Coral Galaxy S7 edge may Buy one T-Mobile Galaxy S7, get a T-Mobile SyncUp Drive launching T-Mobile announces Galaxy Note 7 Alcatel Idol 4S with Windows 10 T-Mobile expands Google Pixel 7 weird and unique smartphone Verizon Wireless Verizon Ellipsis 8 HD tablet Verizon Ellipsis 8 HD tablet shown Verizon launching two new prepaid Motorola and Indiegogo teaming up Verizon eliminates two of its Cell Phone Deals November 2016 Verizon says no 128GB Pixel XL in PHONEDOG PhoneDog Media is home to PhoneDog, Android & Me, TmoNews, and TodaysiPhone. The network receives 2.5 million unique visitors and 10 million pageviews each month, along with a combined three million video views on YouTube. While the name is jovial, the PhoneDog Media network offers up a wealth of written and video content to help readers make important decisions about mobile technology. Established in 2001, PhoneDog Media is a privately owned and operated company. PHONEDOG MEDIA FAMILY Phonedog - Cell Phone News TmoNews - The Unofficial T-Mobile Blog AndroidAndMe - Everything Android TodaysiPhone - iPhone News & Rumors Company Home Privacy Policy Term of Use Contact About Us Sitemap In-Depth Reviews Phone vs Phone Video Unboxings Apps & Games New Phones Phone Finder Compare Plans Phone Specials Long Distance © 2001-2016 PhoneDog, LLC. Reproduction without explicit permission is prohibited. All Rights Reserved.

null
Featured Story: How to Root Android: Our Always-Updated Rooting Guide for Any Phone or Tablet Android Gadget Hacks: Unchaining Android to enable tomorrow's features today — WonderHowTo News: The 5 Best Android Calendar Apps to Replace Your Stock One Dallas Thomas 2 weeks ago The 5 Best Android Calendar Apps to Replace Your Stock One Whether you use Google Calendar, Exchange, iCloud, or any other service, you need a good Android calendar app to keep you organized on the go. For many folks, the obvious answer was always Sunrise Calendar, but Microsoft purchased the company behind this awesome app in a classic acqui-hire move, and now, Sunrise has officially been shut down. Microsoft has baked some of Sunrise's features into their Outlook app, but it's still a very email-oriented app above all else. So if you've been looking for a proper Sunrise replacement, we went ahead and did the legwork for you, and compiled a list of the most unique, functional, and downright gorgeous calendar apps out there. Don't Miss: 5 Apps That Let You Make Calls Without Giving Out Your Real Number WAVE Calendar If you're looking for a Sunrise replacement, WAVE Calendar is definitely one of your best options. Its default month and agenda view is almost identical to Sunrise, and many additional calendars can be downloaded with ease, including sports schedules for every major league. But what really seals the deal here is that WAVE is completely free, yet still doesn't display any ads. Install WAVE Calendar for free from the Google Play Store WAVE Quick Facts: Supported services: Google, Exchange, Yahoo, Outlook, Facebook, and more Downloadable calendars: Sports, finance, holidays, religion, and more To-do lists: Yes Widgets: 3 (day, month, agenda) Available for iOS: Yes OneView Calendar Out of all the calendar apps we've come across, OneView has the most distinctive layout. It's a schedule view that keys in on the current month by default, but you can pinch to zoom in or out if you'd like to focus more on your upcoming agenda for the day, week, or coming months. It's got some pseudo-Material Design elements, too, but the overall look is certainly unique to OneView. Install OneView Calendar for free from the Google Play Store OneView Quick Facts: Supported services: Google, Exchange, Yahoo, Outlook, and more Downloadable calendars: None To-do lists: No Widgets: None Available for iOS: Coming soon SolCalendar Don't Miss: The 5 Best Weather Apps for Android With SolCalendar, widgets are the headlining feature. There are ten different widgets to choose from, but even then, you can customize each layout with different themes and transparency, so the possibilities are almost endless. The app itself is no slouch, either—today's weather is integrated into each of the calendar views, and you can even create to-do lists to help keep yourself organized, which can be synced with Google Tasks. Install SolCalendar for free from the Google Play Store SolCalendar Quick Facts: Supported services: iCloud, Google, Exchange, Yahoo, Outlook, and more Downloadable calendars: None To-do lists: Yes Widgets: 10 (day, week, month, agenda) Available for iOS: No DigiCal If you like to have a lot of customization options with your calendar, DigiCal would be a great choice, as it has an expansive settings menu that lets you change the app's behavior and tweak almost any aspect of the interface. But the default settings are more than capable as-is, so if you'd rather not futz around, you can simply sync your calendar, then enjoy features like integrated weather forecasts and a robust set of widgets. Install DigiCal for free from the Google Play Store DigiCal Quick Facts: Supported services: Google, Exchange, Yahoo, Outlook, and more Downloadable calendars: Sports, holidays, religion, TV schedules, and more To-do lists: Yes Widgets: 4 (day, month, agenda) Available for iOS: No Today Calendar Don't Miss: The 12 Best Android Widgets for Getting Things Done As one of the first calendar apps to sport full Material Design, Today Calendar definitely has some of the classiest looks of any calendar app. You get a split month and agenda view by default, but this can be changed to focus on the day, week, month, or just your upcoming agenda. The main accent colors in any of these views can be changed rather easily, plus you've got a solid selection of widgets to match. Install Today Calendar for free from the Google Play Store Today Calendar Quick Facts: Supported services: Google, Exchange, Yahoo, Outlook, more Downloadable calendars: None To-do lists: No Widgets: 5 (agenda, month, split view) Available for iOS: No Of course, this isn't an exhaustive list, as there are plenty of great Android calendar apps out there. Plus, we left the official Google Calendar app off the list since it comes pre-installed on most Android devices, but that's another great choice. So if you personally prefer a calendar app that we didn't mention here, feel free to share a link in the comment section below. Follow Gadget Hacks on Facebook, Twitter, Google+, and YouTube Follow Android Hacks on Facebook, Twitter, and Pinterest Follow WonderHowTo on Facebook, Twitter, Pinterest, and Google+ Cover image and screenshots by Dallas Thomas/Gadget Hacks Related How To: Remove TouchWiz on Your Galaxy S6 for a Clean, Stock Android Look How To: Automatically Create Calendar Events from Incoming Text Messages on Android News: 23 Important Apps That Work Great on Both Android & iOS How To: Get the HTC 10's Latest Stock Apps on Any Android Device News: All the Apps You Need to Install on Your New Galaxy Note How To: Add Event Overviews to the Google Calendar App on Your Nexus 5 How To: Switching from iOS to Android? Here's Everything You Need to Do How To: Get the iPhone's Calendar View on Your Android Lock Screen How To: Text Better on Your Samsung Galaxy S4 with This Hybrid Messaging App Based on Android 4.3 & CyanogenMod 10.2 How To: Get Google's Exclusive Phone App on Your Samsung Galaxy Device How To: Get CyanogenMod Apps on Your Galaxy S4 Without Root How To: Install BlackBerry Priv Apps on Any Android How To: Sunrise Gives Your Android a Hybrid Agenda/Calendar View How To: Completely Banish Google from Your Android Experience Limited Time Only: Google Play Apps & Games on Sale for a Dollar News: 34 Beautiful Material Design Apps to Replace Your Old, Ugly Ones How To: 21 Apps You'll Need When Switching from iPhone to Android News: New Google Calendar & Gmail Apps May Be Just Around the Corner How To: Customize the Look of Your Google Calendar App on Android How To: Get Custom Lock Screen Shortcuts on Android Lollipop How To: Redirect Links to Open in the App You Really Wanted News: Google Calendar Gets a Huge Makeover & New Features (APK Inside) How To: Access Your Calendar & Full Schedule Faster Using Your Mac's Menu Bar News: Turn Your Android into a Workhorse with These 11 Productivity Apps How To: Wake Up to Spoken Calendar Events & Weather Forecasts for the Day on Your Nexus 7 How To: New to Android? Here's How to Get Started & Get the Most Out of Your Device How To: Give Your Status Bar Stock Android's Material Design Icons & Matching Colors How To: Get Daily Weather Info Right from Your Windows 10 Calendar How To: Use Root explorer to delete a stock app from your Android phone News: Google's About to Take Over Your Car as Android Auto Rolls Out to Everyone How To: Change the App Launched with the Shortcut Key on LG Devices How To: Revamp Your Nexus 7 Tablet with a "Smartphone Only" Android Launcher How To: This App Makes Finding Material Design Apps on Google Play Super Easy How To: Make Your HTC One Feel Like a Nexus 5 with Android 4.4 KitKat FYI: Why Android's Snapchat App Takes Inferior Photos How To: The Must-Have Keyboard Feature You Never Knew You Needed How To: Make App Icons the Same Size & Shape on Android How To: Edit & Filter Your Photos Like a Pro on the Nexus 7 Tablet How To: Theme Every Aspect of Your Android Phone for a Truly Unique Look & Feel How To: Make a DIY Photo Calendar for 2012 2 Comments 1 Anthony Raynor last month I use Touch Calendar. Not free, but pretty darn cheap. Why, it has vertical inertial scrolling with pinch and zoom. Works best for me. Reply 2 Dallas Thomas last month Thanks for the recommendation! It definitely looks cool. Nice and straightforward, and that pinch to zoom feature would be handy in a lot of cases. Here's a link if anyone else is interested: https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=uk.co.olilan.touchcalendar Reply Share Your Thoughts You Login to Comment Click to share your thoughts Hot Latest News: The 5 Best Android Calendar Apps to Replace Your Stock One PSA: If You're Having Auto-Focus Issues on Your Pixel, It's Probably Your Case's Fault How To: Google Actually Has 4 Different 'Assistants'—Here's the Best One for You How To: Get the Pixel's 'Zero Shutter Lag' Camera with HDR+ Features on Your Nexus How To: Google Now Is Banned in Several Countries—Here's How to Enable It How To: Don't Wait for Google—Get Night Mode Right Now on Android Nougat How To: Make Your Pixel's Screen Up to 20% Brighter News: Quick Charge 4.0 Is Coming Even as Google Warns OEMs Against It How To: Use Facebook's New Snapchat Clone 'Flash' on Any Android Phone User Testimonials: Why People Are Switching from iPhone to Pixel How To: Get Motorola's Active Display Features on Your Pixel or Nexus How To: This App Lets You Tweet & Take Notes from Android's Quick Settings Panel How To: Enable True Stereo Sound on Your Pixel XL How To: 20 Google Home Easter Eggs & Fun Commands How To: Install the ElementalX Custom Kernel on Your Pixel or Pixel XL News: Google Assistant's New Fantastic Beasts Voice Commands Turn Your Phone into a Wand How To: Get Rid of Google Assistant on Your Pixel & Switch Back to Google Now How To: Root Your Google Pixel or Pixel XL How To: This Snapdragon-Optimized Chrome Is Faster Than the Official Build & Adds Gesture Support How To: Make Google Assistant Control Almost Anything with IFTTT How To: Unlock the Bootlader on Your Google Pixel or Pixel XL All Features News: The 5 Best Android Calendar Apps to Replace Your Stock One How To: Google Actually Has 4 Different 'Assistants'—Here's the Best One for You PSA: If You're Having Auto-Focus Issues on Your Pixel, It's Probably Your Case's Fault How To: Get the Pixel's 'Zero Shutter Lag' Camera with HDR+ Features on Your Nexus How To: 20 Google Home Easter Eggs & Fun Commands How To: Get Motorola's Active Display Features on Your Pixel or Nexus How To: Don't Wait for Google—Get Night Mode Right Now on Android Nougat How To: Google Now Is Banned in Several Countries—Here's How to Enable It User Testimonials: Why People Are Switching from iPhone to Pixel How To: Make Your Pixel's Screen Up to 20% Brighter How To: Galaxy S5 Battery Dies Too Fast? Here's Why & How to Fix It How To: 7 Ways to Bypass Android's Secured Lock Screen How To: 10 Things Google Assistant Can Do to Make Your Life Easier How To: Convert a Micro SIM Card to Fit the Nano Slot on Your HTC One M8 How To: Turn Your Phone's Flashlight on Instantly with One of These 6 Tricks How To: Tell if Your Samsung Battery Is Bad in 2 Seconds Flat How To: Get iPhone Emojis on Your HTC or Samsung Device (No Root Needed) Android Basics: How to See What Kind of Processor You Have (ARM, ARM64, or x86) How To: Block Ads in All Your Android Apps Without Root or Extra Battery Drain How To: Carrier Unlock Your Samsung Galaxy S4 So You Can Use Another SIM Card How To: Get All of Apple's New Emojis on Android All Hot Posts © 2016 WonderHowTo, Inc Sections Android Gadget Hacks How-Tos Android Basics Games HTC EVO 4G LTE HTC EVO 4G Everything Else News Android Gadget Hacks News Roundups IFA 2014 News Everything Else Forum Android Gadget Hacks Forum Android Gadget Hacks Android Gadget Hacks Home Nexus Samsung Galaxy S5 HTC One Samsung GS4 Samsung Galaxy S3 Nexus 7 Samsung Galaxy Note 2 Samsung Galaxy Note 3 Samsung Galaxy S6 LG G3 Amazon Fire OnePlus Samsung Galaxy S7 Galaxy Note 4 Featured Sites WonderHowTo Home Food Hacks Daily Next Reality Gadget Hacks Null Byte The Secret Yumiverse MacGyverisms Lock Picking Mad Science Mind Hacks Categories Alcohol Arts & Crafts Autos, Motorcycles & Planes Beauty & Style Business & Money Computers & Programming Dance Dating & Relationships Diet & Health Disaster Preparation Education Electronics Family Film & Theater Fine Art Fitness Food Gambling Games Hobbies & Toys Home & Garden Hosting & Entertaining Language Magic & Parlor Tricks Motivation & Self Help Music & Instruments Outdoor Recreation Pets & Animals Pranks & Cons Software Spirituality Sports Travel Video Games Weapons Next Reality Sites Next Reality Home Augmented Reality News Mobile AR News Google Glass Mixed Reality News HoloLens Magic Leap Meta 2 Virtual Reality News HTC Vive Mobile VR News Oculus Rift Gadget Hacks Sites Gadget Hacks Home Android Gadget Hacks Nexus Samsung Galaxy S5 HTC One Samsung GS4 Samsung Galaxy S3 Nexus 7 Samsung Galaxy Note 2 Samsung Galaxy Note 3 Samsung Galaxy S6 LG G3 Amazon Fire OnePlus Samsung Galaxy S7 Galaxy Note 4 iOS Gadget Hacks Smartphones Hacks, Mods & Circuitry Digiwonk Internet Mac Tips Windows Tips Cord Cutters Tablets Tech Pr0n Featured on WonderHowToHijack Mom's Crock-Pot for Some Easy Holiday Hooch
Featured Story: How to Root Android: Our Always-Updated Rooting Guide for Any Phone or Tablet Android Gadget Hacks: Unchaining Android to enable tomorrow's features today — WonderHowTo News: Google Assistant's New Fantastic Beasts Voice Commands Turn Your Phone into a Wand Dallas Thomas 1 week ago Google Assistant's New Fantastic Beasts Voice Commands Turn Your Phone into a Wand The new Google Assistant that powers search on Pixel devices and Google Home has a lot more personality than regular old Google Search. It gets to know you, it's conversational, and it even has some fun Easter eggs hiding within—and now, Assistant has a few magic tricks up its sleeve. With the new Harry Potter prequel Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them due out in theaters on November 18, Google Assistant has added a few Hogwarts-style voice commands that let you control your Android device like magic. To try them out, just say "OK Google," then cast the following spells: Lumos - Turns on your phone's flashlight Nox - Turns the flashlight off Silencio - Mutes ringtones & notifications These commands straight out of J.K. Rowling's Wizarding World will even work if you're running an older device that uses Google Now instead of Assistant, so almost anyone can get in on the fun. However, if you'd like to get the full effect, check out our guide on getting the new Google Assistant working on other Android devices: Don't Miss: How to Get the Pixel's New Google Assistant Working on Other Android Devices Follow Gadget Hacks on Facebook, Twitter, Google+, and YouTube Follow Android Hacks on Facebook, Twitter, and Pinterest Follow WonderHowTo on Facebook, Twitter, Pinterest, and Google+ Cover image via Warner Bros. Related How To: Open Google Now Instead of S Voice with the "Hi, Galaxy" Command How To: Replicate the Moto X's "Active Listening" Hands-Free Assistant on Your Samsung Galaxy S3 How To: Get Rid of Google Assistant on Your Pixel & Switch Back to Google Now How To: Draw Harry Potter How To: This Intelligent Personal Assistant for Your Galaxy S4 Is Way Better Than S Voice Could Ever Be How To: Play the Kinect challenges in Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows, Pt. 1 How To: Make a Harry Potter-style logo in Adobe Photoshop CS4 How To: 10 Things Google Assistant Can Do to Make Your Life Easier News: Google's New Assistant Lets You Have Conversations with the Internet How To: Change Siri's Voice from Female to Male in iOS 7 on Your iPhone How To: Walkthrough the video game LEGO Harry Potter: Years 1-4 on the Xbox 360 How To: Launch Google Now from Anywhere on Your Galaxy Note 3—Using Only Your Voice How To: Make a "Harry Potter" Victorian dragon egg case dome How To: Walkthrough LEGO Harry Potter (Year 1 - The Sorcerer's Stone) on the Xbox 360 How To: Create a "Harry Potter 7" Gryffindor house inspired makeup look How To: Google Assistant Has a Fun Game Show Easter Egg for When You're Feeling Lucky How To: Walkthrough LEGO Harry Potter (Year 2 - Chamber of Secrets) on the Xbox 360 News: How to Use Speech-to-Text & Other Voice Commands in Google Docs How To: Make Google Assistant Control Almost Anything with IFTTT How To: Fully Control Your Galaxy S5 with Google Now Commands—No Root Needed News: Google Now Gets Voice Toggles for Wi-Fi, Bluetooth, & Flashlight How To: Get the Pixel's New Google Assistant Working on Other Android Devices How To: Turn on Google Pixel's Wi-Fi Assistant to Get Secure Access on Open Networks News: Voice Commands Let You Create & Edit Google Keep Lists Super Fast How To: Navigate Hands-Free Using Voice Commands How To: Upcycle an old A-line skirt into a "Harry Potter" wizard cape How To: Create a "Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows" Hufflepuff look News: It's Official—The Made by Google Pixel Smartphones Are Here How To: Use Your Android Phone Without Ever Touching It How To: 18 Tips & Tricks to Help You Master Your Google Pixel How To: Create the Death Eater effect from the Harry Potter movies How To: Style your hair like Hermione's from Harry Potter News: Harry Potter 7 or Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows How To: Style a Halloween Wig to Look Like Harry Potter's Snape How To: Make a 'Harry Potter' Wizard Costume with Makeup and Clothing How To: Apply Harry Potter Inspired Makeup for a Costume How To: Paint Hogwarts House Nails for a Harry Potter Costume WATCH THIS INSTEAD: Harry Potter & the Deathly Hallows REVIEW: Harry Potter & The Deathly Hallows pt. 1 TEENS'N TWEENS: HARRY POTTER - Midnight Screening @ AMC Be the First to Comment Share Your Thoughts You Login to Comment Click to share your thoughts Hot Latest News: Google Assistant's New Fantastic Beasts Voice Commands Turn Your Phone into a Wand PSA: If You're Having Auto-Focus Issues on Your Pixel, It's Probably Your Case's Fault How To: Google Actually Has 4 Different 'Assistants'—Here's the Best One for You How To: Get the Pixel's 'Zero Shutter Lag' Camera with HDR+ Features on Your Nexus How To: Google Now Is Banned in Several Countries—Here's How to Enable It How To: Don't Wait for Google—Get Night Mode Right Now on Android Nougat How To: Make Your Pixel's Screen Up to 20% Brighter News: Quick Charge 4.0 Is Coming Even as Google Warns OEMs Against It How To: Use Facebook's New Snapchat Clone 'Flash' on Any Android Phone User Testimonials: Why People Are Switching from iPhone to Pixel How To: Get Motorola's Active Display Features on Your Pixel or Nexus How To: This App Lets You Tweet & Take Notes from Android's Quick Settings Panel How To: Enable True Stereo Sound on Your Pixel XL How To: 20 Google Home Easter Eggs & Fun Commands How To: Install the ElementalX Custom Kernel on Your Pixel or Pixel XL How To: Get Rid of Google Assistant on Your Pixel & Switch Back to Google Now How To: Root Your Google Pixel or Pixel XL How To: This Snapdragon-Optimized Chrome Is Faster Than the Official Build & Adds Gesture Support How To: Make Google Assistant Control Almost Anything with IFTTT How To: Unlock the Bootlader on Your Google Pixel or Pixel XL All Features News: Google Assistant's New Fantastic Beasts Voice Commands Turn Your Phone into a Wand How To: Google Actually Has 4 Different 'Assistants'—Here's the Best One for You PSA: If You're Having Auto-Focus Issues on Your Pixel, It's Probably Your Case's Fault How To: Get the Pixel's 'Zero Shutter Lag' Camera with HDR+ Features on Your Nexus How To: 20 Google Home Easter Eggs & Fun Commands How To: Get Motorola's Active Display Features on Your Pixel or Nexus How To: Don't Wait for Google—Get Night Mode Right Now on Android Nougat How To: Google Now Is Banned in Several Countries—Here's How to Enable It User Testimonials: Why People Are Switching from iPhone to Pixel How To: Make Your Pixel's Screen Up to 20% Brighter How To: Galaxy S5 Battery Dies Too Fast? Here's Why & How to Fix It How To: 7 Ways to Bypass Android's Secured Lock Screen How To: 10 Things Google Assistant Can Do to Make Your Life Easier How To: Convert a Micro SIM Card to Fit the Nano Slot on Your HTC One M8 How To: Turn Your Phone's Flashlight on Instantly with One of These 6 Tricks How To: Tell if Your Samsung Battery Is Bad in 2 Seconds Flat How To: Get iPhone Emojis on Your HTC or Samsung Device (No Root Needed) Android Basics: How to See What Kind of Processor You Have (ARM, ARM64, or x86) How To: Block Ads in All Your Android Apps Without Root or Extra Battery Drain How To: Carrier Unlock Your Samsung Galaxy S4 So You Can Use Another SIM Card How To: Get All of Apple's New Emojis on Android All Hot Posts © 2016 WonderHowTo, Inc Sections Android Gadget Hacks How-Tos Android Basics Games HTC EVO 4G LTE HTC EVO 4G Everything Else News Android Gadget Hacks News Roundups IFA 2014 News Everything Else Forum Android Gadget Hacks Forum Android Gadget Hacks Android Gadget Hacks Home Nexus Samsung Galaxy S5 HTC One Samsung GS4 Samsung Galaxy S3 Nexus 7 Samsung Galaxy Note 2 Samsung Galaxy Note 3 Samsung Galaxy S6 LG G3 Amazon Fire OnePlus Samsung Galaxy S7 Galaxy Note 4 Featured Sites WonderHowTo Home Food Hacks Daily Next Reality Gadget Hacks Null Byte The Secret Yumiverse MacGyverisms Lock Picking Mad Science Mind Hacks Categories Alcohol Arts & Crafts Autos, Motorcycles & Planes Beauty & Style Business & Money Computers & Programming Dance Dating & Relationships Diet & Health Disaster Preparation Education Electronics Family Film & Theater Fine Art Fitness Food Gambling Games Hobbies & Toys Home & Garden Hosting & Entertaining Language Magic & Parlor Tricks Motivation & Self Help Music & Instruments Outdoor Recreation Pets & Animals Pranks & Cons Software Spirituality Sports Travel Video Games Weapons Next Reality Sites Next Reality Home Augmented Reality News Mobile AR News Google Glass Mixed Reality News HoloLens Magic Leap Meta 2 Virtual Reality News HTC Vive Mobile VR News Oculus Rift Gadget Hacks Sites Gadget Hacks Home Android Gadget Hacks Nexus Samsung Galaxy S5 HTC One Samsung GS4 Samsung Galaxy S3 Nexus 7 Samsung Galaxy Note 2 Samsung Galaxy Note 3 Samsung Galaxy S6 LG G3 Amazon Fire OnePlus Samsung Galaxy S7 Galaxy Note 4 iOS Gadget Hacks Smartphones Hacks, Mods & Circuitry Digiwonk Internet Mac Tips Windows Tips Cord Cutters Tablets Tech Pr0n Featured on WonderHowToHijack Mom's Crock-Pot for Some Easy Holiday Hooch
Pyxl Culture Expertise Projects Blog Contact The Blog Back Business Creative Technology Marketing Culture November 1st, 2016 | Tracey Suhr Trending Tuesday: Social Media is a Major Player in this Election If you’re like us, you’ve been counting down the Tuesdays to November 8 – Election Day. This presidential election has been…unique…in many ways—the majority, of which, we won’t highlight in this Trending Tuesday. But being a digital marketing agency, we can’t help but take note of the way digital tools and social media have impacted this election. Aside from the candidates taking to social platforms to voice their opinions, these tools are helping Americans actually learn about the finasteride 5mg walmart candidates, the issues and even the voting process. With exactly seven days to go, let’s take a look at some of these social media-based election tools. Facebook’s Voting Planning Tool Go effexor generic er where the people are. And with an estimated 50% of all Americans on Facebook, this tool does just that, making kamagra sales canada it easy for voters to find election information. Based on your location, Facebook’s voting planning tool can help you learn about the people running for office in your area. It was created using election buy cheap sildenafil citrate online data that was compiled by a nonpartisan group called the Center for Technology and Civic Life. It appears that the tool also allows users to contribute information about local candidates that the social media giant isn’t likely following. This takes into question the lexapro or paxil credibility of the information. (In the same way your teachers taught you not to trust Wikipedia…) We, admittedly, didn’t test the submission process, so perhaps Facebook has a more diligent vetting process. Something Facebook users are all too familiar with during election years (and let’s be honest…every day) is oversharing. However, this Get Ready for Election Day planner isn’t all about social sharing. It lets you pick whether you want the tool to notify your followers about your favorite candidates. The tool even knows its limits, noting that there may be more candidates or issues on your official ballot and even linking users to their Secretary of State’s website for official election information. Check it out for yourself at www.facebook.com/elections/yourplan. Google Alerts for Early Voting Being able to head to the polls only on election dapoxetine tadalafil day is restrictive for some voters. Everything from work schedules and travel plans to family obligations and (let’s face it) fear of long lines can keep well-intentioned Americans from voting. If you’re lucky, you live in one of the 37 U.S. states that allow some form of early voting, and Google has made it easy to see when and where to head valtrex 1000mg coupon to the polls. To use the tool, all you have to do is head to Google in your favorite browser. If voting has opened in your area, a box will pop up at the bottom right of the screen to alert you. Click the box to learn more. Google then uses your address to find the closest polling place, including an exact address, a map and hours. Similar to Facebook, Google also has a voting planning tool that helps you learn more about the candidates. Just search for “election ballot” on Google (and enter your address) to find information about national, state and local candidates. You can even Google “how to vote” for information on any of the following (in English or Spanish!): How to Register Voting Early Where to Vote Voting Requirements We just wish the election were this simple. Times (and Content) Are a Changin’ As digital marketers, we tend to get a little nerdy on the topic of content. There is no denying that social media has transformed the way people look for information. Just since the 2012 election, the way we consume election-related content (or any content, really) has changed. Think about it, in 2012, Internet memes were just taking off—the first Harlem Shake video wasn’t even uploaded to YouTube until 2013, (nearly a month after President Obama’s second inauguration). The candidates weren’t Tweeting at odd hours of the night. And we certainly didn’t have the number of people or companies using social media as a free platform to advertise. It’s not just the way we consume content, but also the content itself that is changing. Videos are short, even those from official news outlets range from 30 seconds to two minutes in length. And thanks to Buzzfeed, our print content now comes in “listicles.” So whether you’re with her or want to make America great again (or fall somewhere in between), you can’t ignore how platforms like Facebook, Google and Twitter have made themselves a major player in politics. As content creators, and Americans, we just have to hope that consumers of this content are actually doing their research, too. (Non Election Related) Quick Hits A simple Twitter change has already led to confusion and frustration Apple’s Touch Bar further normalizes emoji as everyday language Are you dialed in? Compatible apps for Microsoft’s Surface Dial Don’t just work from home, work anywhere with this new van from Nissan For more on social media, digital marketing and other technology trends, visit our blog . See you next Tuesday…and don’t forget to vote! Tags: content, election, election 2016, facebook, google, social media, voting Trending Up: How To Boost Your Brand Using Trending Topics Your 2017 Digital Marketing Strategy Needs These Two Guiding Principles Culture Expertise Projects Resources Blog Contact Careers Are you ready to start the conversation? Get in Contact Pinterest Twitter Facebook Instagram LinkedIn YouTube Google+ © Pyxl, Inc. All Rights Reserved / Privacy Policy
hypebot digital music and the music business Home D.I.Y. Music Tech Social Media Music Biz More News MusicThinkTank Never Miss A Beat! Stay Connected With Hypebot.com « Ditto Music Adds 7th Global Office In Sweden | Main | Musician's Starter Guide To Pinterest » 3 Ways To Drive Lasting Traffic To Your Music Website A website is a valuable resource for musicians and, when used properly,can be a powerful tool for converting fans, but before turning them into long-term followers, it's important to get them there in the first place. ___________________________ Guest Post by Nicholas Rubright For musicians, having a website is the norm these days.  However, many artists don’t use their website to their full potential.  Most musician websites sit idly online until they send a link to someone or give it a mention on stage. Your website shouldn’t simply be used as a music distribution channel.  When it comes to getting your music heard online, your website can be a powerful fan acquisition channel that converts your website traffic into new fans – but how do you go about acquiring the website traffic in the first place? You don’t simply want to post links to your website around the internet in ways that are only ever going to get you a few page views for hours of work, you want to find the channels that let you continue to acquire website traffic over time once you’ve put in the work to build them up. Here are 3 ways to drive lasting website traffic to your music website. Search Engine Optimization (SEO) – Showing Up in Google   Website traffic from search engines like Google is great because it’s completely free, and if you rank well in popular search terms, the traffic will keep coming. So, how do you get your website to show up in Google? It really comes down to providing content that people are searching for, optimizing the content for targeted keywords, and getting other websites to link to that content so it ranks higher for the targeted keyword. Here’s how to get started with SEO. Start blogging The best way to show up in Google is to start a blog.  This increases the number of pages Google will index on your website, which makes it more likely that you’ll show up in search results.  Once you have a blog set up, choose a topic to write about that interests you and that is likely to interest those within your music scene. Finding targeted keywords When you have your chosen topic, it’s time to do some keyword research to find popular keywords. When searching for keywords, you want to find those that have high volume, but are less competitive.  If a search term is filled with results from the top 100 websites, it’s going to be hard for your content to rank well. To find new keywords, use Google’s keyword planner.  While you do need an Adwords account to use it, you don’t have to have any ads actually running. To use the keyword planner, just type in something you think will interest readers of your new blog, and then a list of keywords will show up with their monthly search volumes.  Type some of these keywords into Google to check out the current results, and see if you can put together something better. Write for other blogs Once you have a good amount of content on your blog, a great way to get links back to yours, and increase your rankings in Google, is to write for other blogs. To do this, simply find blogs in your niche by using some of these search strings: Your keyword + “guest post” Your keyword + “write for us” Your keyword + “guest article” Your keyword + “this is a guest post by” Once you find a nice sized blog in your niche that accepts guest posts, look around their blog to see what they’ve written about before, brainstorm some article ideas, and send them an email like this one: Hey [Name], I was on the search for some information about [Topic] and came across your blog.  Awesome stuff! I'm contacting you because I'd like to contribute an article. I've been brainstorming some ideas that I think your readers would get a ton of value from:   Idea 1 Idea 2 Idea 3   I'll make sure to include information that's difficult to find elsewhere. You can also check out our blog here. Looking forward to your response! Best Regards, Nicholas Rubright Using an email similar to the one above, I’ve been able to generate a 1 in 10 response rate, and most of these responses lead to guest posts being published.  Getting backlinks to your website is the most powerful way to increase your rankings. Backlinko and QuickSprout are awesome resources for learning all you can about search engine optimization.  They both provide actionable information that helps you build backlinks to increase SEO traffic quickly. Social Media   Social media isn’t just about how to manage your social media pages or how to promote your music on Twitter or Facebook – it’s about leveraging the engagement on these platforms to drive more traffic to your website. Social share buttons A great way to get social media traffic for your website is to leverage social share buttons.  You can use free services like SumoMe to add these to your blog or website. Social share buttons can leverage incoming traffic from search engines and other sources by encouraging visitors to share your content and web pages with their followers, thereby driving more traffic to your website. Mention others in your blog articles If you mention another musician, brand, or website in one of your articles, reach out to them and see if they’ll share it with their followers.  This can drive brand new, targeted traffic to your website if executed properly.  Depending on your blogs topic, a great way to take advantage of this can be to set up interviews with influencers for your blog. Share more than once Sharing more than once on social networks like Twitter can greatly increase the amount of traffic you receive from social media, since Twitter’s feed is real time. When you share more than once, be sure to write a different message each time so your followers aren’t bothered if they happen to see the same link twice. Your Email List   Getting fans to sign up to your email list is one thing, but keeping them engaged in a way that drives them to your website is another. Getting your mailing list subscribers to your website can result in greater music and merchandise sales, and increase social media shares of your website content.  However, to leverage an email list as a source of website traffic, you need to get mailing list subscribers. Here are some ways to get subscribers for your email list. Promote it on your blog If you have a blog, growing your mailing list through your website can be extremely powerful.  If you provide readers with valuable content, they’ll want more, and will click the subscribe button when asked.  You can ask visitors to subscribe to your email list at the end of the article, but since most people won’t read the entire articles, popup forms can put conversion rates in the high single-digit percentages. Ask fans to subscribe at checkout People who are making a purchase on your website are already in love with what you’re doing, so having them as mailing list subscribers can result in more engagement with the emails you send out. Promote it on social media If you keep your mailing list content different from your social media content (like you should), then as a part of your promotional posts, plug away at your email list with exclusive content and special offers. If your email list is large enough, sending out weekly emails can bring users back to your website, and fuel new visits through social media shares – both of which can result in increased sales. Related articles The Value Of Keyword Research For Artists 5 SEO Tips For Musicians SEO for Musicians: 3 Ways To Optimize Your Website Content SEO Keyword Research For Musicians Quick Must-Know SEO Tips for Small Businesses and Startups 7 Tips to Optimize Your Landing Page for Search Engines #SEO Artificial Intelligence and the Rise of Google RankBrain in Search Google is splitting its search index to target 'stripped down' mobile websites (GOOG) How to Choose The Right Keywords to Optimize For Posted by Guest Post on 11/01/2016 in D.I.Y., Marketing, Music Business, Social Media | Permalink Comments 3 Ways To Drive Lasting Traffic To Your Music Website A website is a valuable resource for musicians and, when used properly,can be a powerful tool for converting fans, but before turning them into long-term followers, it's important to get them there in the first place. View the entire comment thread. Please enable JavaScript if you would like to comment on this blog. TOP POSTS • Seymour Stein Reveals “Embarrassing” Deal He Made With Madonna • Drake Redefines What Hit Album Is with 3B Spotify Streams • Best Music Biz Quotes • Band Files $30M Suit vs. Motley Crue After Paying $1M To Be Opening Act • Facebook: Musician's Friend Or A Massive Infringer? Recent Posts How To Better Understand Your Fanbase 2 Big Promotions + 4 New Signings = Cooking Vinyl 11.14.2016 The Fickle Listening Habits Of Streaming Music Consumers [CHART] Napster/Rhapsody Posts Surprise $1.6M Quarterly Profit Spotify Update Available - Download It Now To Save Your Hard Drive What A Donald Trump Presidency Means For All Musicians And The Music Business Utab: Affordable Music Video Creation Tools That Engage Active Fans How I Reduced My Stage Setup Time By Half Amazon Music Unlimited Goes Live In UK, Germany, Austria Leon Russell R.I.P. - "I've acted out my life on stages with 10,000 people watching" Categories Ad Supported Apps & Mobile Broadcast & Satellite Conventions & Awards D.I.Y. Downloads & P2P How I Listen Indie Labels Interviews Jobs & Internships Live & Touring Major Labels Marketing More News Music 2.0 Music Biz Podcast Music Business Music Tech Music Think Tank Publishing Retail Social Media Startups Streaming & Cloud The Pitch Video See More Musician & Music Industry Resources Click Here Recent Comments Tonald Drump on What A Donald Trump Presidency Means For All Musicians And The Music Business Tonald Drump on What A Donald Trump Presidency Means For All Musicians And The Music Business Serge on Spotify Is Dumping Huge Amounts Of Junk Data On Your Hard Drive, Fix Promised Tim on Why The Rebirth Of Liner Notes Matters For Music Roger Bixley on THU. BRIEF: Streams Drive UMG Growth • Copyright Battle Looms • HologramUSA • Starset Soars • More Peter H on Seymour Stein Reveals “Embarrasing” Deal Made with Madonna Noah on 7 Habits Of Highly Ineffective Artists Richard Sorce on Why The Rebirth Of Liner Notes Matters For Music Jimmy Stix on ASCAP Sues 10 Music Venues For Not Being Licensed To Play Music Su-Rmi Givens on Why The Rebirth Of Liner Notes Matters For Music <a href="http://finance.yahoo.com">Yahoo! Finance</a><br/><a href="http://finance.yahoo.com/q?s=AAPL">Quote for AAPL</a> SEARCH HYPEBOT More Info About & Contact Advertise On Hypebot Privacy Policy Skyline Music Affiliate Links The Hypebot Team    &nbspVIDEOS      These videos... hypebot Powered by Typepad
TrustedReviews Facebook Twitter Googleplus TVs & Audio Cameras Computing Mobile Home appliances Gaming Competitions Games Games Accessories Handheld Mobile Games Nintendo PC Gaming More PlayStation Toys VR Xbox Trending: iOS 10 Apple Watch 2 iPhone 7 Galaxy S7 vs iPhone 6S Google Pixel Galaxy S7 Home / News / VR News / Google’s Daydream View VR headset goes on sale in UK Google’s Daydream View VR headset goes on sale in UK by Joe Roberts 10 November 2016 0 shares Read Comments Google's new Daydream VR headset, the Daydream View, has finally gone on sale, one month after being announced. Back in october, Google confirmed that the headset would be available November 10 on the Google Store and through retailers in five countries. In the UK, the headset is available for £69 through EE or Carphone Warehouse, while US customers can get their hands on the View for $79 through either Verizon or Best Buy. Elsewhere, Canadians will have to pay $99, those in Germany €69, and in Australia the View sells for $119. You can find a full list of retailers on the Google Blog. Related: Google Daydream View – Four things you need to know In order to use the headset, you'll need a 'Daydream-ready' phone, only one of which currently exists in the form of the Google Pixel. However, next year's crop of smartphones is sure to bring numerous new additions to that list, so the View has a bright future ahead of it. The headset works by dropping a Daydream-ready phone into the compartment on the headset, Samsung Gear-style, which prompt the View to auto-align with that phone and pair wirelessly. Google also recently announced the first 30 VR experiences that will be available through the Daydream View: Wonderglade – Resolution Games Fantastic Beasts – Warner Bros/Frame Store Danger Goat Gunjack 2: End of Shift – CCP Games EarthShape – Bithell Games Mekorama Need for Speed: No Limits – EA Hungry Shark World – Future Games of London Hunters Gate – Climax Studios Action Bowling – Atomic Bullfrog VR Karts Sprint – Viewpoint Games The Arcslinger Home Run Derby Archer E. Bowman – voidAlpha Underworld Overlord – Otherside Entertainment Affected: The Manor – Fallen Planet Studios Cosmic Chef Daydream Blue – RalphVR DRIFT – SharpSense Classroom Aquatic – Sunken Places Claro Layers of Fear Loco Motors Poly Runner – Lucid Sight Frostbound – Schell Games Sisters – Otherworld Interactive Avakin Life Baskhead – VRLines Orbital Loop Keep Talking and Nobody Explodes – Steel Crate Games In terms of personal cinema-style apps, YouTube, Hulu, Google Play Movies, HBO Now and Netflix will all be available. WATCH: Pixel phone Let us know if you'll be picking up the View in the comments. 0 shares Read Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Free Newsletter Get TrustedReviews' award-winning reviews, opinions and advice delivered to your inbox for free! By submitting your details, you'll also receive emails from Time Inc. UK, publisher of Trusted Reviews and other iconic brands about its goods and services, and those of its carefully selected third parties. Please tick here if you'd prefer not to hear about: Time Inc.'s goods & services, including all the latest news, great deals and offers Third party goods & services ⩔ Show More Terms & Conditions | Privacy & Cookies Policy More on Trusted Reviews More information - Sitemap| About us| Contact us| Advertise with us Facebook Twitter Googleplus Trusted Reviews is part of the Time Inc. (UK) Ltd Technology Network © Time Inc. (UK) Ltd 2003-2016, All rights reserved| Terms of use| Privacy Policy| Cookie Information Free Newsletter Get TrustedReviews' award-winning reviews and advice delivered to your inbox for free! By submitting your details, you'll also receive emails from Time Inc. UK, publisher of Trusted Reviews and other iconic brands about its goods and services, and those of its carefully selected third parties. Please tick here if you'd prefer not to hear about: Time Inc.'s goods & services, including all the latest news, great deals and offers Third party goods & services ⩔ Show More Terms & Conditions | Privacy & Cookies Policy
CONTENT Reviews Columns Buyer's Guide POPULAR TOPICS Android Apple Cars Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Photography Apps Software Wearable Entertainment Science Reviews Columns Buyer's Guide Popular Topics  Android Apple Cars Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Photography Apps Software Wearable Entertainment Science Twitter Google+ Facebook Youtube RSS Search SlashGear Search Google Daydream View worldwide release detailed Chris Burns - Nov 1, 2016 0 Facebook Twitter Google Reddit This morning Google revealed the pricing and release date of their first non-cardboard VR headset, Daydream View. This accessory works with any Daydream-ready smartphone – first Google Pixel and Pixel XL. It’ll be available starting on the 10th of November, 2016, both online and at several retailers around the world. When I say around the world, I mean inside five countries. That’s not exactly around the entire world, but it is more expansive than some VR headset launches, that’s for certain. This headset will be in the United States, the United Kingdom, Canada, Germany, and Australia at launch. SEE: Road to the next Nexus: Daydream, Tango, Valve Inside the United States, the Google Daydream View will be available in Best Buy stores and at Verizon retail stores. It’ll also be available online through the Google Store. In Canada, this headset will be available from Best Buy, Telus, Rogers, and Bell. In Germany there’ll only be one place to buy this headset in-person: that’s Deutsche Telekom. Users in the UK will need to head to EE or Carphone Warehouse, while Australian users will see the accessory at Telstra and JB Hi-Fi. At this time the carriers with this headset will have fewer than three smartphones able to make use of it. Included in the Daydream collection thus far are three smartphones. One is the ZTE Axon 7, the first Android device not made by Google but WITH Daydream support. Also in this Daydream-ready smartphone collection are both the Google Pixel and the Pixel XL. Users inside the United States will find the Google Daydream View available for $79 USD. Inside Canada the price for the Daydream View will be $99 CAD, while the UK pricing will come up to £69 GBP. We’ll have our own views on the Daydream View coming for you here on SlashGear very soon – stay tuned! Story Timeline How Google will bring Daydream to you Google Daydream Dev Kit first-impressions: Nexus Smooth Google teases VR bowling, Daydream puzzle Google Daydream Labs tackle virtual reality's social problems Google Daydream headset to debut tomorrow with a low price Google Daydream headset release date and pricing revealed You can now buy the Daydream View headset, Chromecast Ultra Tags ChromecastDaydreamgooglevirtual realityvr Must Read Bits & Bytes MacBook Pro with Touch Bar Review (late-2016) Surface Book with Performance Base Review 7 ways I’ll escape or mobilize today with technology USB-C could kill Lightning, but Apple can’t afford it Tesla reveals paid Supercharging switch in 2017 Latest Headlines TSB probes plane’s near-collision with drone: two people hurt Nov 14, 2016 Microsoft: Visual Studio for Mac preview is inbound Nov 14, 2016 Pixel Launcher tricks expand while Arrow Launcher updates Nov 14, 2016 Marshall Mid Bluetooth headphones boast 30+ hours of playback Nov 14, 2016 Telltale reportedly developing Guardians of the Galaxy game series Nov 14, 2016 Latest Reviews MacBook Pro with Touch Bar Review (late-2016) Nov 14, 2016 Surface Book with Performance Base Review Nov 10, 2016 Google Daydream View Review Nov 10, 2016 LG V20 Review: Stealing the Note 7’s spotlight Nov 4, 2016 Living with Google Home Nov 3, 2016 Search © 2005-2016 SlashGear, All Rights Reserved. Site Information About Advertise Tip Us Contact Ethics Statement Privacy Policy Terms of Use Archives Social and Media Google+ Facebook Twitter YouTube RSS Feed Popular Topics Android Apple Cars Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Apps Software Wearable Entertainment Science
InsideTimmies SyrupShop Community News Phones Phones Huawei passed on opportunity to manufacture Google’s Pixel smartphones, company executive confirms November 14, 2016 OnePlus 4 will feature 8GB, QHD display and more, according to new leak November 14, 2016 Force Touch-like feature could be coming to Samsung’s Galaxy S8 November 14, 2016 Top Canadian mobile stories from the past week November 13, 2016 VIEW ALL Tablets Tablets Surface Book i7 Review: One for the pros November 10, 2016 Dell is reportedly building an all-in-one Windows 10 mobile Continuum device November 9, 2016 iPad gains market share as the overall tablet market shrinks October 31, 2016 What to expect from Microsoft’s October 26th Windows event October 25, 2016 VIEW ALL Wearables Wearables Samsung tears down its own Gear S3 smartwatch to reveal what’s inside November 14, 2016 The water resistant Asus ZenWatch 3 is now available in Canada for $349.99 November 13, 2016 HTC Vive goes wireless with new, expensive upgrade kit November 11, 2016 Google says Cardboard app compatibility will soon come to the Daydream View November 10, 2016 VIEW ALL Accessories Accessories Apple will launch wireless AirPod headphones by November 19th according to European reseller November 10, 2016 Samsung Gear S3 smartwatch release date pushed to November 23rd in Canada November 10, 2016 Google’s Daydream View VR headset is now available in Canada for $99 November 10, 2016 GoPro recalls about 2,500 recently-launched Karma drones November 8, 2016 VIEW ALL Automotive Automotive Samsung makes largest overseas acquisition ever with Harman International purchase November 14, 2016 Montreal installs 50 electric vehicle charging networks across the city November 11, 2016 Vespa reveals plans to release an electric scooter called the Elettrica November 9, 2016 Tesla acquires automated manufacturing company to boost production November 8, 2016 VIEW ALL Games/Apps Games/Apps Here are all the apps that support the 2016 MacBook Pro’s Touch Bar and Touch ID November 14, 2016 Google’s new Play Music app is both smarter and prettier November 14, 2016 Nintendo Switch will cost $330 in Canada, according to Toys R Us leak November 14, 2016 Google Photos on Android can now generate animations while offline November 14, 2016 VIEW ALL Carriers Carriers Vidéotron once again snags top telecom provider in Quebec November 14, 2016 Rogers and Fido’s new EnRoute tool lets customers track technicians from their phone November 14, 2016 Public Mobile launches U.S. roaming options [Update] November 14, 2016 Top Canadian mobile stories from the past week November 13, 2016 VIEW ALL Plans Plans CRTC hearing on differential pricing for Canadian data plans begins this week October 31, 2016 Top Canadian mobile stories from the past week October 9, 2016 Reminder: Exclusive Chatr plans for ex-Mobilicity customers end on October 3 [Update] September 27, 2016 CRTC will implement wholesale access to fibre optic internet September 20, 2016 VIEW ALL Manufacturers Manufacturers Samsung makes largest overseas acquisition ever with Harman International purchase November 14, 2016 Asus to unveil Google Tango-enabled AR smartphone in January November 14, 2016 Google Assistant to launch third-party developer platform in December November 10, 2016 Tim Cook wrote a letter to Apple’s American employees following Trump’s presidential win November 10, 2016 VIEW ALL Reviews Phones Phones LG G5, six months later October 31, 2016 Asus Zenfone 3 review: The best mid-range camera experience October 22, 2016 Google Pixel review: The high-end Android you’ve been waiting for October 18, 2016 Pixel and Pixel XL Hands-on: Say goodbye to Nexus October 4, 2016 VIEW ALL Tablets Tablets Acer Switch Alpha 12 review: Not the affordable Surface Pro 4 alternative you’re looking for August 9, 2016 Samsung Galaxy Tab Pro S review: An overpriced first crack at the 2-in-1 crown May 25, 2016 Kindle Oasis review: The best e-reader is not worth the price of a high-end tablet May 4, 2016 9.7-inch iPad Pro Hands-on: Same tablet, smaller build March 21, 2016 VIEW ALL Wearables Wearables Fitbit Flex 2 review: The barebones tracker for the fitness rookie November 13, 2016 Charge 2 Review: Fitbit’s best tracker yet may not be the best fit for you October 12, 2016 PlayStation VR review: High-end virtual reality goes mainstream October 5, 2016 Pokémon Go Plus review: Professor Oak would not approve September 28, 2016 VIEW ALL Accessories Accessories AirPods review: Welcome to the wireless future September 19, 2016 Samsung Gear 360 review: Spherical eye September 4, 2016 Vancouver-based Hitcase’s rugged cases transform your iPhone into an action camera August 31, 2016 Gear 360 Hands-on: Samsung finally lets its 360 camera out to play August 2, 2016 VIEW ALL Automotive Automotive Android Auto 2.0 review: Google bridges the infotainment gap November 8, 2016 2016 Honda Civic infotainment review: CarPlay and Android Auto take over July 16, 2016 Android Auto review December 31, 2015 Review: Is going ‘Platinum’ enough for streaming in the 2016 Ford Explorer? November 30, 2015 VIEW ALL Games/Apps Games/Apps PlayStation VR review: High-end virtual reality goes mainstream October 5, 2016 Hands-on with the Gears of War 4 Limited Edition Xbox One S bundle October 4, 2016 Facebook introduces new Messenger ‘Lite’ app for Android aimed at emerging markets October 3, 2016 Science News & Discoveries keeps you up-to-date on the world of science [App of the Week] September 11, 2016 VIEW ALL Features Latest Latest Fitbit Flex 2 review: The barebones tracker for the fitness rookie November 13, 2016 RunGunJumpGun is a Canadian-developed game about running and gunning [Game of the Week] November 12, 2016 The rise of the synthetic personality: can chatbots be our friends? November 12, 2016 5 of the most horrific mobile games you can play on Halloween October 29, 2016 VIEW ALL Tête-à-tête Tête-à-tête Tête-à-Tête: HTC Vive vs. PlayStation VR – Which VR headset is more impressive? September 26, 2015 Tête-à-Tête: How are Apple, Samsung, and BlackBerry playing the enterprise game? March 5, 2015 Tête-à-Tête: Has John Chen lost his mind? January 25, 2015 Tête-à-Tête: What is the appeal of the BlackBerry Classic? December 15, 2014 VIEW ALL SyrupCast SyrupCast SyrupCast 95: Living the next four years in a virtual world November 11, 2016 SyrupCast 94: Why the big three don’t want to keep things neutral November 4, 2016 SyrupCast 93: Can Microsoft out Apple by being Apple? October 28, 2016 SyrupCast 92: Goodbye Guy, Hello Elon’s driverless future October 21, 2016 VIEW ALL Buyers’ Guide Buyers' Guide Amazon opens Black Friday Store with discounts on thousands of items November 1, 2016 Father’s Day Gift Guide for the Fitness dad June 17, 2016 Father’s Day gift guide for the Entertainment Dad June 15, 2016 Father’s Day gift guide for the Gamer Dad June 14, 2016 VIEW ALL Editorials Editorials Net neutrality vs. differential pricing: CRTC hearing discusses mobile internet in Canada November 7, 2016 What it’s like to be a Canadian at Google’s Indie Games Festival October 5, 2016 What Shomi’s closure means for the Canadian streaming market September 27, 2016 Vancouver’s Roadhouse Interactive closes shop, over 100 developers out of work September 21, 2016 VIEW ALL App/Game of the Week App/Game of the Week Learn five new things every day with Curiosity [App of the Week] November 13, 2016 RunGunJumpGun is a Canadian-developed game about running and gunning [Game of the Week] November 12, 2016 Get your sleep cycle on track with Pillow [App of the Week] November 6, 2016 Do a backflip in Pumped BMX 3 [Game of the Week] November 5, 2016 VIEW ALL Resources How-to’s How-to's How to get the most out of Google Assistant November 1, 2016 How to get the most of out the iPhone 7 Plus’ Portrait Mode October 29, 2016 How to return your Samsung Galaxy Note 7 through Canadian carriers October 11, 2016 How to charge Google Play purchases to your cell phone bill October 5, 2016 VIEW ALL Coverage Map Outage Map About About Us Contact & Tips Advertise Contests News Phones Phones Huawei passed on opportunity to manufacture Google’s Pixel smartphones, company executive confirms November 14, 2016 OnePlus 4 will feature 8GB, QHD display and more, according to new leak November 14, 2016 Force Touch-like feature could be coming to Samsung’s Galaxy S8 November 14, 2016 Top Canadian mobile stories from the past week November 13, 2016 VIEW ALL Tablets Tablets Surface Book i7 Review: One for the pros November 10, 2016 Dell is reportedly building an all-in-one Windows 10 mobile Continuum device November 9, 2016 iPad gains market share as the overall tablet market shrinks October 31, 2016 What to expect from Microsoft’s October 26th Windows event October 25, 2016 VIEW ALL Wearables Wearables Samsung tears down its own Gear S3 smartwatch to reveal what’s inside November 14, 2016 The water resistant Asus ZenWatch 3 is now available in Canada for $349.99 November 13, 2016 HTC Vive goes wireless with new, expensive upgrade kit November 11, 2016 Google says Cardboard app compatibility will soon come to the Daydream View November 10, 2016 VIEW ALL Accessories Accessories Apple will launch wireless AirPod headphones by November 19th according to European reseller November 10, 2016 Samsung Gear S3 smartwatch release date pushed to November 23rd in Canada November 10, 2016 Google’s Daydream View VR headset is now available in Canada for $99 November 10, 2016 GoPro recalls about 2,500 recently-launched Karma drones November 8, 2016 VIEW ALL Automotive Automotive Samsung makes largest overseas acquisition ever with Harman International purchase November 14, 2016 Montreal installs 50 electric vehicle charging networks across the city November 11, 2016 Vespa reveals plans to release an electric scooter called the Elettrica November 9, 2016 Tesla acquires automated manufacturing company to boost production November 8, 2016 VIEW ALL Games/Apps Games/Apps Here are all the apps that support the 2016 MacBook Pro’s Touch Bar and Touch ID November 14, 2016 Google’s new Play Music app is both smarter and prettier November 14, 2016 Nintendo Switch will cost $330 in Canada, according to Toys R Us leak November 14, 2016 Google Photos on Android can now generate animations while offline November 14, 2016 VIEW ALL Carriers Carriers Vidéotron once again snags top telecom provider in Quebec November 14, 2016 Rogers and Fido’s new EnRoute tool lets customers track technicians from their phone November 14, 2016 Public Mobile launches U.S. roaming options [Update] November 14, 2016 Top Canadian mobile stories from the past week November 13, 2016 VIEW ALL Plans Plans CRTC hearing on differential pricing for Canadian data plans begins this week October 31, 2016 Top Canadian mobile stories from the past week October 9, 2016 Reminder: Exclusive Chatr plans for ex-Mobilicity customers end on October 3 [Update] September 27, 2016 CRTC will implement wholesale access to fibre optic internet September 20, 2016 VIEW ALL Manufacturers Manufacturers Samsung makes largest overseas acquisition ever with Harman International purchase November 14, 2016 Asus to unveil Google Tango-enabled AR smartphone in January November 14, 2016 Google Assistant to launch third-party developer platform in December November 10, 2016 Tim Cook wrote a letter to Apple’s American employees following Trump’s presidential win November 10, 2016 VIEW ALL Reviews Phones Phones LG G5, six months later October 31, 2016 Asus Zenfone 3 review: The best mid-range camera experience October 22, 2016 Google Pixel review: The high-end Android you’ve been waiting for October 18, 2016 Pixel and Pixel XL Hands-on: Say goodbye to Nexus October 4, 2016 VIEW ALL Tablets Tablets Acer Switch Alpha 12 review: Not the affordable Surface Pro 4 alternative you’re looking for August 9, 2016 Samsung Galaxy Tab Pro S review: An overpriced first crack at the 2-in-1 crown May 25, 2016 Kindle Oasis review: The best e-reader is not worth the price of a high-end tablet May 4, 2016 9.7-inch iPad Pro Hands-on: Same tablet, smaller build March 21, 2016 VIEW ALL Wearables Wearables Fitbit Flex 2 review: The barebones tracker for the fitness rookie November 13, 2016 Charge 2 Review: Fitbit’s best tracker yet may not be the best fit for you October 12, 2016 PlayStation VR review: High-end virtual reality goes mainstream October 5, 2016 Pokémon Go Plus review: Professor Oak would not approve September 28, 2016 VIEW ALL Accessories Accessories AirPods review: Welcome to the wireless future September 19, 2016 Samsung Gear 360 review: Spherical eye September 4, 2016 Vancouver-based Hitcase’s rugged cases transform your iPhone into an action camera August 31, 2016 Gear 360 Hands-on: Samsung finally lets its 360 camera out to play August 2, 2016 VIEW ALL Automotive Automotive Android Auto 2.0 review: Google bridges the infotainment gap November 8, 2016 2016 Honda Civic infotainment review: CarPlay and Android Auto take over July 16, 2016 Android Auto review December 31, 2015 Review: Is going ‘Platinum’ enough for streaming in the 2016 Ford Explorer? November 30, 2015 VIEW ALL Games/Apps Games/Apps PlayStation VR review: High-end virtual reality goes mainstream October 5, 2016 Hands-on with the Gears of War 4 Limited Edition Xbox One S bundle October 4, 2016 Facebook introduces new Messenger ‘Lite’ app for Android aimed at emerging markets October 3, 2016 Science News & Discoveries keeps you up-to-date on the world of science [App of the Week] September 11, 2016 VIEW ALL Features Latest Latest Fitbit Flex 2 review: The barebones tracker for the fitness rookie November 13, 2016 RunGunJumpGun is a Canadian-developed game about running and gunning [Game of the Week] November 12, 2016 The rise of the synthetic personality: can chatbots be our friends? November 12, 2016 5 of the most horrific mobile games you can play on Halloween October 29, 2016 VIEW ALL Tête-à-tête Tête-à-tête Tête-à-Tête: HTC Vive vs. PlayStation VR – Which VR headset is more impressive? September 26, 2015 Tête-à-Tête: How are Apple, Samsung, and BlackBerry playing the enterprise game? March 5, 2015 Tête-à-Tête: Has John Chen lost his mind? January 25, 2015 Tête-à-Tête: What is the appeal of the BlackBerry Classic? December 15, 2014 VIEW ALL SyrupCast SyrupCast SyrupCast 95: Living the next four years in a virtual world November 11, 2016 SyrupCast 94: Why the big three don’t want to keep things neutral November 4, 2016 SyrupCast 93: Can Microsoft out Apple by being Apple? October 28, 2016 SyrupCast 92: Goodbye Guy, Hello Elon’s driverless future October 21, 2016 VIEW ALL Buyers’ Guide Buyers' Guide Amazon opens Black Friday Store with discounts on thousands of items November 1, 2016 Father’s Day Gift Guide for the Fitness dad June 17, 2016 Father’s Day gift guide for the Entertainment Dad June 15, 2016 Father’s Day gift guide for the Gamer Dad June 14, 2016 VIEW ALL Editorials Editorials Net neutrality vs. differential pricing: CRTC hearing discusses mobile internet in Canada November 7, 2016 What it’s like to be a Canadian at Google’s Indie Games Festival October 5, 2016 What Shomi’s closure means for the Canadian streaming market September 27, 2016 Vancouver’s Roadhouse Interactive closes shop, over 100 developers out of work September 21, 2016 VIEW ALL App/Game of the Week App/Game of the Week Learn five new things every day with Curiosity [App of the Week] November 13, 2016 RunGunJumpGun is a Canadian-developed game about running and gunning [Game of the Week] November 12, 2016 Get your sleep cycle on track with Pillow [App of the Week] November 6, 2016 Do a backflip in Pumped BMX 3 [Game of the Week] November 5, 2016 VIEW ALL Resources How-to’s How-to's How to get the most out of Google Assistant November 1, 2016 How to get the most of out the iPhone 7 Plus’ Portrait Mode October 29, 2016 How to return your Samsung Galaxy Note 7 through Canadian carriers October 11, 2016 How to charge Google Play purchases to your cell phone bill October 5, 2016 VIEW ALL Coverage Map Outage Map About About Us Contact & Tips Advertise Contests Close Turn your Android phone into a Magic Wand with Google’s new Fantastic Beasts tie-in How to get the most out of Google Assistant Daydream View to launch in Canada on November 10 Igor Bonifacic November 1, 2016 1:19pm Daydream View, Google’s first truly dedicated virtual reality headset, will go on sale in Canada on November 10th, Google announced today. Set to cost $99 here in Canada, the headset will be carried by Best Buy, Bell, Telus and Rogers — in addition to the online Google Store. If you happen to live abroad in the U.S., U.K., Australia and Germany, you’re in luck as well, as Daydream View will be available on November 10 in those countries as well. At launch, the headset will only be available in ‘slate,’ with the ‘crimson’ and ‘snow’ colour variants coming at a later date. You’ll need a Daydream-capable smartphone to use the headset. For the time being, that means Daydream View is only compatible with Google’s two new Pixel smartphones. Do you plan to pick up Daydream View? Tell us in the comments section. Related: Daydream View Hands-on: Google Cardboard grows up SourceGoogle Via9to5Google x3d2yx “You’ll need a Daydream-capable smartphone to use the headset. For the time being, that means Daydream View is only compatible with Google’s two new Pixel smartphones.” Also the ZTE Axon 7, no? tvguy The Axon 7 doesn’t have Nougat yet, so it is not currently compatible or certified for Daydream. x3d2yx soon enough then:) Smanny Does the Axon 7 have the same fast and accurate sensor’s that are built into the Pixel’s? You can have the same processor, RAM, storage, and OS. However if you are missing the Pixel’s new and very fast, and accurate accelerometer and gyroscope, then you will not be Daydream VR compatible x3d2yx http://www.pcmag.com/news/344761/hands-on-zte-axon-7-the-first-google-daydream-vr-phone Hardware isn’t the issue. However, I wouldn’t doubt it’s more polished on Google own device. Igor Bonifacic What tvguy said! Marc It’s on my xmas list! PreferredGeoff Ya I’ll grab one then my Samsung vr will have a friend in the closet a week after I get bored of it. G-Money41 I was planning on picking one up when I’m down in America on the 12th, but this is one time that we’re actually ahead in terms of the CAD/USD exchange. Maybe it’s an arbitrage opportunity! How many do I have to sell at a $2.50 profit to make it worthwhile… Ernie Is the Nexus 6p compatible since it has Nougat on it? Eddie_Brock That answer is a bit convoluted. The N6P was the first ‘developer’ device for DayDream, however due to the heat from the 810 processor, they’ve now come out and said it’s not compatible. I for one would like to try it out and see. Lion5 Whoopee. We need a phone which Google has failed to supply in sufficient numbers. Launch day was October 20. Today is November 1 and not a single store has any 128GB Pixels. SMDH Adderbox76 Picking one up for sure. Picking up my Pixel on November 8th. Part of me is looking forward to going back to a smaller phone (Currently using a 6P), but a part of me wonders if the daydream experience will be THAT much better with the XL to warrant living with a bigger phone again. tiagogmc I moved from a smaller 1080p phone to the 6P, and VR looks A LOT better at 1440p! You should definitely go with the XL! 🙂 Hakamisu If you’re willing to wait, I can tell you the difference after I pick up the Daydream View. I have the XL and my wife has the Pixel. I can try them both out and tell you. Adderbox76 I appreciate the offer, but since it’s a work phone primarily, the company decides which day I upgrade, so I can’t do any other day than the 8th. Hakamisu I will definitely be picking one up. I was almost ready to buy a cheap vr headset online just to tide me over, not knowing when the Daydream View was coming to Canada. I think I can wait a few days. Get Updates Sign-up for MobileSyrup news sent straight to your inbox Categories News Reviews Features Resources Contests Contact About Us Advertise Jobs Social Twitter Pinterest Facebook RSS Google+ Instagram YouTube Search Get Updates © 2016 MobileSyrup.com. Privacy | Terms of Use
null
Cell Phones & Plans Business Phone Home Phone Internet Television Deals Find the Best Cell Phone and Plan for You PhoneDog's innovative comparison tool can help you save on cell phones and plans. Find the best phone and plan for you today with PhoneDog! Compare Phones and Plans Compare Cell Phones Compare Cell Plans CREDO Mobile Tello Ting T-Mobile Sprint Pix Wireless The People's Operator Republic Wireless Boost Mobile Straight Talk AT&T Virgin Mobile Verizon Wireless Net10 No Contract Plans See all carriers Phone Categories Smartphone Basic Phones Waterproof/Rugged Phablets Free Phones Phone Manufacturers Apple HTC Motorola LG Samsung See All Manufacturers Cell Phone Reviews Cell Phone News Phone vs Phone Cell Phone Videos App Reviews Official Smartphone Rankings VoIP Long Distance Residential VoIP Holiday Deals Trending: iPhone 7 Google Pixel Official Smartphone Rankings Login Register Search Enter your keywords f g+ t Follow @phonedog yt         Lenovo Phab 2 Pro with Google Tango features now available for purchase Android Alex Wagner Editorial Director of News and Content | November 1, 2016 28 shares 19 6 0 1 0 0 0 0 2               Right on schedule, the first Google Tango smartphone has officially been put up for sale. Lenovo is now taking orders for the Phab 2 Pro, the first consumer Google Tango smartphone. The Phab 2 Pro is available from Lenovo’s website for $499.99, and orders are expected to ship in five to seven business days. Lenovo also plans to offer a clear case for the Phab 2 Pro that’ll protect the phone while still letting its design show through. This clear case is “coming soon.” The Phab 2 Pro uses cameras, sensors, and software to enable augmented reality experiences. All of this tech enables the Phab 2 Pro to take 250,000 measurements per second. One of the AR experiences that’ll be available with the Phab 2 Pro comes from Lowe’s and will let you measure spaces and visualize how furniture will look in a room. When it comes to raw specs, the Phab 2 Pro is a fairly high-end Android 6.0 smartphone. It’s got a 6.4-inch 2560x1440 display with 2.5D curved glass, a 16-megapixel rear camera, 8-megapixel front-facing camera, 4GB of RAM, and 64GB of storage with a microSD slot for adding more storage. Also included with the Phab 2 Pro is a Snapdragon 652 processor inside the Phab 2 Pro along with three microphones, a fingerprint reader and a 4,050mAh battery with fast charging support. While the big draw of the Phab 2 Pro is its Google Tango functionality, this Lenovo phone actually looks like it could be a nice Android phone for regular use, too. So long as you don’t mind the ginormous 6.4-inch display, the Phab 2 Pro offers a high-res screen and lots of RAM for a price that’s lower than typical flagship phones. Source:  Lenovo Android Lenovo Google Previous ArticleGoogle Daydream View VR headset officially launching on November 10 Next ArticleAre you happy with your smartphone's battery life? Don't forget to VOTE! Each week, PhoneDog Fans vote for their #1 smartphone in the Official Smartphone Rankings. Vote now and contribute to the industry's most relevant weekly ranking charts. Related Posts Google Daydream View VR headset officially launching on November 10 iOS 10.2 beta 1 now available to public testers AT&T boosts GoPhone data package add-ons Verizon eliminates two of its prepaid rate plans View the discussion thread. Select a phone: (optional) + - Any - Acer Liquid M220 Airave 2.5 Plus Alcatel 510A Alcatel 768 Alcatel 871A GoPhone Alcatel A206G Alcatel A382G Big Easy Alcatel A392G Alcatel A394C Alcatel Authority Alcatel Big Easy Flip Black Alcatel Cinch Alcatel Dawn Alcatel Fling Black Alcatel Ideal Alcatel Idol 4 Alcatel Idol 4S Alcatel Idol 4S with Windows 10 Alcatel One Touch 991 Alcatel One Touch Evolve Alcatel One Touch Idol Alcatel One Touch Scribe HD Alcatel One Touch Shockwave Alcatel One Touch Ultra Alcatel One Touch Yaris Black Alcatel OneTouch B3G Alcatel OneTouch Conquest Alcatel OneTouch Elevate Alcatel OneTouch Evolve 2 Alcatel OneTouch Evolve 2 ALCATEL ONETOUCH Fierce Alcatel OneTouch Fierce 2 Alcatel OneTouch Fierce 2 Alcatel OneTouch Fierce XL Alcatel ONETOUCH Fling Alcatel Onetouch Idol 3 (4.7") Alcatel Onetouch Idol 3 (5.5") Alcatel ONETOUCH Pixi Avion Alcatel onetouch Pixi Charm Alcatel onetouch Pixi ECLIPSE Alcatel onetouch Pixi GLITZ Alcatel onetouch Pixi Glory LTE Alcatel onetouch Pixi PULSAR Alcatel OneTouch Pop 7 Alcatel ONETOUCH POP Astro Alcatel OneTouch Pop Icon Alcatel OneTouch Pop Icon 2 Alcatel OneTouch Pop Mega Alcatel OneTouch Pop Nova Alcatel OneTouch Pop Star 2 Alcatel OneTouch Pop Star LTE Alcatel OneTouch Retro Alcatel OneTouch Retro ALCATEL OneTouch Sonic LTE Alcatel ONETOUCH Speakeasy Alcatel Pop C9 Alcatel Pop D3 Alcatel Sparq II Alcatel Sparq II Alcatel Venture Amazon Fire HD Kids Edition 6 inch Blue Amazon Fire Phone Amazon Kindle Fire 7 inch Black Amazon Kindle Fire HD 6 (2014) Amazon Kindle Fire HD 7 Amazon Kindle Fire HDX 7 inch Black 16GB Amazon Kindle Fire HDX 8.9 Black 16GB Amoi CS6 Silver Anna Sui Mobile by Samsung Apple iPad Apple iPad 2 Apple iPad 2 16GB Apple iPad 2 WiFi and 3G 16GB Black Apple iPad 4th Gen Apple iPad Air Apple iPad Air Apple iPad Air 2 Apple iPad Air 2 Apple iPad Air 2 16GB Space Gray Apple iPad Mini Apple iPad Mini Apple iPad mini 2 Apple iPad mini 3 Apple iPad Mini 3 Apple iPad mini 3 16GB Space Gray Apple iPad mini 4 Apple iPad mini with Retina Display Apple iPad mini with Retina display 16GB Silver Apple iPad Pro Apple iPad Pro 9.7 Apple iPad with Retina Display Apple iPhone Apple iPhone 16 GB Apple iPhone 3G 16 GB Apple iPhone 3GS Apple iPhone 4 Apple iPhone 4 32GB Black Apple iPhone 4S Apple iPhone 4S 64GB White Apple iPhone 5 Apple iPhone 5c Apple iPhone 5s Apple iPhone 6 Apple iPhone 6 Plus Apple iPhone 6s Apple iPhone 6s Plus Apple iPhone 7 Apple iPhone 7 Plus Apple iPhone SE Apple iPod Touch - 8GB Apple new iPad Apple new iPad WiFi and 4G 16GB Black Apple Watch Asus Eee Pad Memo ME370T Asus Eee Slate Asus Google Nexus 7 Asus Memo Pad 10 inch Black ASUS MeMO Pad 7 LTE ASUS MeMO Pad FHD 10 LTE Asus PadFone Black Asus Padfone mini Asus PadFone X ASUS PadFone X mini Asus Transformer Asus Transformer Prime TF700T ASUS ZenFone 2 ASUS ZenFone 2E Asus ZenFone 4 Asus ZenFone 5 Asus ZenFone 6 ASUS ZenFone Zoom Asus ZenWatch ASUS ZenWatch 2 AT&T Cingular Flip AT&T Mobile Hotspot Elevate 4G AT&T Mobile Hotspot MiFi 2372 AT&T Radiant GoPhone AT&T Unite AT&T Unite Pro AT&T USBConnect Adrenaline AT&T USBConnect Momentum 4G AT&T USBConnect Turbo AT&T USBConnect Velocity AT&T Z222 GoPhone AT&T Z223 GoPhone AT&T Z998 GoPhone Audiovox 8425 Audiovox 9200 Audiovox CDM-105 / CDM-7000 Audiovox CDM-120 Audiovox CDM-8100 Audiovox CDM-8150X Audiovox CDM-8200 Audiovox CDM-8300 Audiovox CDM-8400 / CDM-8410 Audiovox CDM-8450 / CDM-8455 / VI600 Audiovox CDM-8500 Audiovox CDM-8600 Audiovox CDM-8615 Audiovox CDM-8900 Audiovox CDM-8910 / FLASHER V7/PM-8912 Audiovox CDM-8915 / Snapper Audiovox CDM-8930 Audiovox CDM-8940 Audiovox CDM-8940 Audiovox CDM-9100 Audiovox CDM-9150X Audiovox CDM-9155GPX Audiovox CDM-9200X Audiovox CDM-9500 Audiovox CDM-9600 Audiovox CDM-9900 Audiovox CDM-9950 Audiovox HTC-Apache / PPC-6700 Audiovox PC-3320 Audiovox PC-5220 Audiovox PC5740 EVDO PC Card Audiovox PM-8920 Audiovox PPC 4100 Audiovox PPC-5050-Falcon Audiovox PPC-6600/6601 Audiovox SMT-5600 Audiovox THERA / 2032 Audiovox VI600 Audiovox VOX-8610 Audiovox XV6600 B-Mobile B1+ B-Mobile C240 3G Flip Barnes & Noble Nook 16GB Silver BenQ P50 BenQ T60 Betsey Johnson Mobile by Samsung Big Button Flip Alcatel A392G BlackBerry 6210 / 6230 BlackBerry 6280 BlackBerry 6510 BlackBerry 6710 BlackBerry 6750 BlackBerry 7100g BlackBerry 7100i BlackBerry 7100r BlackBerry 7100t BlackBerry 7100v BlackBerry 7100x BlackBerry 7105t BlackBerry 7130c BlackBerry 7130e BlackBerry 7130e BlackBerry 7230 / 7210 BlackBerry 7250 BlackBerry 7250 BlackBerry 7270 BlackBerry 7280 BlackBerry 7290 BlackBerry 7510 BlackBerry 7520 BlackBerry 7750 BlackBerry 7780 / 7730 BlackBerry 8700c BlackBerry 8700g BlackBerry 8703e BlackBerry 8703e BlackBerry 8800 BlackBerry 8820 BlackBerry 8830 BlackBerry 9000-Bold BlackBerry 9330 Titanium BlackBerry 9720 White BlackBerry Apollo BlackBerry Bold 9650 BlackBerry Bold 9650 BlackBerry Bold 9700 BlackBerry Bold 9780 BlackBerry Bold 9900 BlackBerry Bold 9930 BlackBerry Classic BlackBerry Curve 3G 9300 BlackBerry Curve 3G 9330 Charcoal BlackBerry Curve 8320 BlackBerry Curve 8330 BlackBerry Curve 8350i BlackBerry Curve 8520 BlackBerry Curve 8530 BlackBerry Curve 8530 BlackBerry Curve 8530 Black BlackBerry Curve 8900 BlackBerry Curve 9300 Black BlackBerry Curve 9310 BlackBerry Curve 9315 BlackBerry Curve 9320 BlackBerry Curve 9330 BlackBerry Curve 9350 BlackBerry Curve 9360 BlackBerry Curve 9370 BlackBerry Curve-8300 BlackBerry Curve-8310 Red BlackBerry DTEK50 BlackBerry Javelin BlackBerry Leap BlackBerry Passport BlackBerry Pearl 3G 9100 Black BlackBerry Pearl 3G 9105 Black BlackBerry Pearl 8110 BlackBerry Pearl 8120 BlackBerry Pearl 8130 BlackBerry Pearl 8130 White BlackBerry Pearl Flip 8220 BlackBerry Pearl Flip 8230 BlackBerry Pearl-8100 Blue BlackBerry PlayBook BlackBerry Priv BlackBerry Q10 BlackBerry Q5 White BlackBerry Storm BlackBerry Storm2 BlackBerry Style BlackBerry Thunder-9500 BlackBerry Torch 9800 BlackBerry Torch 9810 BlackBerry Torch 9860 BlackBerry Tour BlackBerry Z10 BlackBerry Z30 Blackphone 2 BLU Advance 4.0 BLU Dash 5.0+ BLU Dash X BLU Life One M Blu Life One X BLU Life One X BLU Life Play S BLU Life Play X BLU LIFE PRO BLU Life Pure BLU Life View BLU Life View Tab BLU Neo 4.5 BLU Pure XR BLU Studio 5.0 BLU Studio 5.0 C BLU Studio 5.0 C HD Black BLU Studio 5.0 II BLU Studio 5.0 II BLU Studio 5.0C BLU Studio 6.0 HD BLU Studio C 8+8 BLU Studio C Mini BLU Studio C Mini BLU Studio Energy BLU Studio Mini LTE BLU Studio Selfie LTE BLU Vivo 4.8 HD BLU Vivo IV BLU Vivo XL BLU Win HD Neon Green BLU Win JR White Boost MAX by ZTE Boost Warp 4G by ZTE Brigadier by Kyocera Casio EXILIM Casio G'zOne Boulder - Black & Silver CASIO G'zONE Ravine 2 (Non-Camera) Casio GzOne Brigade Casio GzOne Commando Casio GzOne Ravine Casio GzOne Ravine 2 Casio GzOne Rock CAT B15Q CAT S40 Compal AR-11 Red E SC1100 Coolpad Arise Coolpad Catalyst Coolpad Flo Coolpad Flo Black Coolpad Rogue Curitel Identity Curitel TX-110C Curitel TX-115C Curitel TX-120C Curitel TX-30B Curitel TX-50C Curitel TX-55C Curitel TX-60B/TX-61B Curitel TX-65B Curitel TX-95C Danger HIPTOP / SIDEKICK Color Danger HIPTOP / T-MOBILE SIDEKICK Danger HIPTOP 2 / SIDEKICK II Danger Sidekick-3 Danger Sidekick-iD Grey Dell Aero Dell Inspiron 14z Laptop Dell Inspiron Mini 10 with T-Mobile webConnect Dell Inspiron Mini 1012 Dell Streak 7 Dell Venue Dell Venue Pro Digital Chocolate Inc. Crazy Penguin Catapult Digix Tab 730 Double Power Nobis 7 Inch 8GB White DROID 2 by Motorola DROID 3 by Motorola DROID 4 by Motorola DROID BIONIC 4G by Motorola DROID by Motorola DROID CHARGE by Samsung Droid DNA by HTC DROID ERIS by HTC DROID INCREDIBLE 2 by HTC DROID Incredible 4G LTE by HTC DROID INCREDIBLE by HTC DROID Pro by Motorola DROID R2 D2 by Motorola DROID RAZR by Motorola DROID RAZR HD by Motorola DROID RAZR M by Motorola DROID RAZR MAXX by Motorola DROID RAZR MAXX HD by Motorola DROID Turbo DROID X by Motorola DROID X2 by Motorola Ematic 7 Inch HD quad-core Ematic EGD 170 Black Enact by LG Ericsson A1228C Ericsson A1228D / A1228LX Ericsson A2218Z Ericsson c905a Ericsson Equinox Ericsson R278D Ericsson R280 / R289 Ericsson R300D / R300LX Ericsson R300Z Ericsson R380 WORLD Ericsson R520 Ericsson T28-World Ericsson T39 Ericsson T60D / T60LX Ericsson T66 Ericsson T68 Ericsson TM506 Ericsson Vivaz Ericsson W350 Ericsson W518a Ericsson Z750a Eten Glofiish-X500 Firefly FireFly Franklin 3G-4G USB U600 Franklin CDU-550AL Franklin Ellipsis Jetpack Black Franklin U300 Aircard Franklin U301 USB Device Franklin U600 4G USB Stick Black Galaxy Nexus by Samsung Garmin Garminfone Garmin nuvifone G60 Garmin-Asus nuvifone M20 Generic Manufacturer Sample Giveaway Item Generic Manufacturer VK-530 Google Nexus 10 16GB Google Nexus 4 Google Nexus 4 Google Nexus 5 Google Nexus 6 Google Nexus 7 Google Nexus 9 Google Nexus One Google Pixel Google Pixel C Google Pixel XL Hitachi G1000 Hitachi SH-P300 HP H6315 / H6310 HP iPAQ Glisten HP iPAQ hw6510 / hw6515 HP iPAQ-510-Voice-Messenger HP iPAQ-610-Business-Navigator HP IPAQ-6320 HP iPAQ-6325 HP iPAQ-6945 HP iPAQ-910c-Business-Messenger HP iPAQ-hw6915 HP iPAQ-hw6940 HP Mini 210-1076NR Netbook HP Mini 311-1037NR Netbook HP Netbook 9.7 inch Black HP Palm Pre 2 HP Pre 3 HP Slate 7 HP Slate10 HD HP Slate7 Extreme HP Slate7 Plus HP Slate8 Pro HP TouchPad HP Veer 4G HTC 10 HTC 3125 HTC 5800 HTC 7 Pro HTC 8125 HTC 8525 HTC 8925-Tilt HTC 8XT HTC A11 White HTC A5 Max Gray HTC Accord Black HTC All New One HTC Amaze HTC Aria HTC Arrive HTC BLUE ANGEL / MDA III / XDA IIS HTC Bolt HTC CANARY / SPV HTC Cedar HTC Dash HTC Dash 3G HTC Desire HTC Desire 510 HTC Desire 526 HTC Desire 530 HTC Desire 601 Black HTC Desire 610 HTC Desire 610 HTC Desire 612 HTC Desire 626 HTC Desire 626s HTC Desire 816 HTC Desire 826 HTC Desire C Black HTC Desire EYE HTC Desire Eye HTC Dream HTC Droid DNA HTC EVO 3D HTC EVO 3D HTC EVO 4G HTC EVO 4G LTE HTC EVO Design 4G HTC EVO Shift 4G HTC EVO V 4G Black HTC EVO View 4G HTC Excalibur HTC Faraday / 2100 / 2125 HTC First HTC Flyer HTC Freestyle HTC FUZE HTC G1 HTC HD 7 HTC HD Mini HTC HD2 HTC HD7S HTC Hero HTC Hero S HTC HIMALAYAS / XDA II / MDA II HTC Imagio HTC Inspire 4G HTC Jetstream HTC Lancaster HTC Legend HTC M7 (Beta) HTC Magic HTC Magician / MDA Compact HTC Max 4G HTC MDA HTC MDA Basic HTC Merge HTC Merge HTC Mogul HTC Mogul Pocket PC 6800 HTC myTouch 3G 3.5mm Jack White HTC myTouch 3G Slide Black HTC myTouch 3G White HTC Nexus 9 HTC One (E8) HTC One (M8) HTC One (M8) For Windows HTC One A9 HTC One Google Play edition HTC One M7 HTC One M9 HTC One Max HTC One mini HTC One mini 2 HTC One remix HTC One S HTC One SV HTC One V HTC One VX White HTC One X HTC One X global HTC One X+ HTC Ozone HTC P3300 HTC P4300 HTC P4350 HTC P6500 HTC PPC6800 HTC Prophet/i-mate JAMin HTC Pure HTC Radar HTC Rezound HTC Rhodium HTC Rhyme HTC S621 Excalibur HTC S630 Cavalier HTC S710 HTC S720 HTC S730 HTC S740 HTC S743 HTC Salsa HTC SDA HTC Sensation HTC Shadow HTC Shift HTC SMT5800 HTC Snap HTC Space Needle/Pocket PC Phone HTC Star Trek/8500 HTC Status HTC Surround HTC TANAGER / SPV E100 / QTEK 7070 HTC Tattoo HTC Thunderbolt HTC Tilt 2 HTC Titan HTC Titan II HTC Tornado/SDA HTC Touch HTC Touch Cruise HTC Touch Diamond HTC Touch Diamond2 HTC Touch HD HTC Touch Pro HTC Touch Pro 2 HTC Touch Pro 6850 HTC Touch Viva HTC Touch-Cruise HTC Touch-DUAL HTC Touch-XV6900 HTC Trophy HTC TyTN HTC TyTN-II-Kaiser HTC Vivid HTC VOYAGER / SPV E200 / XPHONE HTC Warhawk HTC Wildfire S HTC Wing HTC X7500 HTC XV6800 Huawei Activa 4G Huawei Ascend HUAWEI Ascend II Huawei Ascend Mate 2 Huawei Ascend Mate2 Huawei Ascend P1 S Huawei Ascend Plus Huawei Ascend Q Huawei Ascend W1 Huawei Ascend Y Huawei EC-3360 Huawei EC228 Huawei Express Huawei Express Mobile Hotspot Huawei Fusion 2 Black Huawei Fusion U8652 Blue Huawei Glory Huawei GX8 Huawei H110C Huawei H210C Huawei H215G Huawei H866C Huawei H881 Black Huawei Honor 5X Huawei Honor 6 Huawei Honor 6 Plus Huawei Honor 8 Huawei Impulse 4G Huawei Inspira Huawei M318 Huawei M328 Huawei M735 Huawei M750 Huawei M835 Huawei M865 Huawei Magna Huawei Mate 8 Huawei Mate 9 Huawei Mate S Huawei Mercury Huawei Mercury Ice Huawei NET10 Home Phone Huawei Nexus 6P Huawei P8 lite Huawei P9 Huawei P9 Plus Huawei Pal Huawei Pillar Huawei Pinnacle Huawei Pinnacle Huawei Pinnacle 2 Huawei Premia 4G Huawei Premia 4G Huawei Pronto Huawei Raven Huawei SnapTo Huawei Summit Huawei Summit Huawei Tap Berry Huawei Tap Midnight Blue Huawei U2800A Pal Black Huawei U3900 Black Huawei U8651T Prism Huawei UMG181 Huawei Union Huawei USBConnect Force 4G Huawei Valiant Huawei Valiant Huawei Verge Huawei Verge Huawei Vitria Huawei W1 Huawei Watch i-mate JAM i-mate JAQ i-mate JAQ3 i-mate JASJAR 3G PDA i-mate K-JAM i-mate PDAL i-mate Smartflip i-mate SP3i i-mate SPL i-mate Ultimate 6150 i-mate Ultimate 8150 i-mate Ultimate-8502 i-mate Ultimate-9502 innostream INNO A11 innostream INNO-30 innostream INNO-55 innostream INNO-89 innostream INNO-90 innostream INNO-98 / 99 Jolla Tablet KIN One Kyocera 1135 Kyocera 1155 Kyocera 126C Kyocera 2119 Kyocera 2135 Kyocera 2235 Kyocera 2255 Kyocera 2325 Kyocera 2345 Kyocera 3225 Kyocera 323 Kyocera 3245 Kyocera 3250 Kyocera 5135 Kyocera 7135 Kyocera Adreno-S240 Black Kyocera AKTIV-K480 Kyocera Brigadier Kyocera Brio Kyocera Coast Kyocera Contact Kyocera Cyclops-K312 Kyocera Cyclops-K325 Kyocera Deco-E1000 Kyocera Domino Kyocera Dorado-KX13 Kyocera DuraCore Kyocera DuraForce Kyocera DuraForce Pro Kyocera DuraForce XD Kyocera DuraMax Kyocera DuraPlus Kyocera DuraPro Kyocera DuraShock Kyocera DuraShock Kyocera DuraXE Kyocera DuraXT Kyocera DuraXTP Kyocera DuraXV Kyocera Echo Kyocera ENERGI-K490 Kyocera ENERGI-K493 Kyocera Event Kyocera Hydro Kyocera Hydro Air Kyocera Hydro Edge Kyocera Hydro Elite Kyocera Hydro Icon Kyocera Hydro Icon Kyocera Hydro Life Kyocera Hydro REACH Kyocera Hydro Vibe Kyocera Hydro View Kyocera Hydro Wave Kyocera Hydro XTRM Kyocera K10 Royale Kyocera K132 Kyocera K322 Kyocera K323 Kyocera K342 Kyocera K404 Kyocera K822 Kyocera K9 Kyocera KE413 / KE414 Phantom Kyocera KE424C / KX424 Blade Kyocera KE433 / K7 Rave Kyocera Kona Kyocera KPC-650 Kyocera KPC650 EVDO PC Card Kyocera KPC680-ExpressCard Kyocera KX1-SOHO Kyocera KX12 Kyocera KX16-Candid Kyocera KX18-ANGEL Kyocera KX18-JET Kyocera KX2 Kyocera KX2-KOI Kyocera KX414 Phantom Kyocera KX433 / KX434 Rave Kyocera KX440 / KX444 Kyocera KX9A Kyocera Laylo M1400 Kyocera Lingo-M1000 Kyocera Loft S2300 Black Kyocera Luno Kyocera Mako-S4000 Black Kyocera Melo S1300 Kyocera Milan-KX9B / KX9C Kyocera Milano Kyocera Neo E1100 Kyocera Oystr-KX9d Kyocera Presto Kyocera Presto Kyocera QCP-2035 Kyocera QCP-3035 Kyocera QCP-6035 Kyocera Rally Kyocera Rio Kyocera Rise Kyocera S14-Opal Kyocera S2100 Black Kyocera SE47 / SE44 / V5 Slider Kyocera SE47 Slider Kyocera Slider-Remix-KX5 Kyocera Slider-Sonic Kyocera Strobe-K612B Kyocera Switch-Back Kyocera Tempo-E2000 Kyocera TNT Kyocera Torino Kyocera Torino Kyocera Torque Kyocera TorqueXT Kyocera Verve Kyocera Wild-Card Kyocera X-tc M2000 Kyocera Xcursion-KX160 LeapFrog Tic-Talk LeEco Le Pro3 LeEco Le S3 Lenovo Phab 2 Pro LG 221C LG 101 LG 1010 LG 109C LG 1500 LG 200 LG 220C LG 231C LG 235C LG 236C LG 237C LG 290c LG 305C LG 306G LG 306G LG 320G LG 329G LG 400G LG 4015 LG 4050 LG 410G LG 420G Black LG 440G Black LG 441G LG 450 LG 4NE1 LG 500G LG 505C LG 511C LG 5450 LG 600G LG 6190 LG 620G LG 800G LG 840G LG 900G LG A340 LG A380 LG A7110 LG Access LTE LG Accolade LG Ally LG Apex LG Arena LG Aspire LG Attune LG AX-145 LG AX-245 LG AX-275 Silver LG AX-355 LG AX-390 LG AX-4270 LG AX-490 LG AX-8600 Silver LG AX155 LG AX300 LG AX4750 LG AX5000 / UX5000 LG AX565 LG AX8600 LG B470 LG Banter LG Banter Touch LG Beacon LG Beacon LG Bliss LG C1300i LG C2000 LG C900 LG CE110 LG CE500 LG CF360 LG CG180 LG CG225 LG CG300 LG Chocolate 3 LG Chocolate Touch LG Chocolate VX8550 LG Chocolate White LG Classic LG Clout LG Connect 4G LG Connect 4G LG Converse LG Cosmos LG Cosmos 2 LG Cosmos 2 Black LG Cosmos 3 LG Cosmos Touch LG CP150 LG CU320 LG CU400 LG CU500 LG CU500v LG CU515 LG Dare LG Decoy LG Destiny LG dLite LG Doubleplay LG Enact LG Encore LG Enlighten LG enV Touch LG enV VX11000 LG enV VX9900 LG enV-VX-9900 LG enV2 LG enV3 LG Envoy LG Envoy II LG Escape LG Escape 2 LG Esteem LG Esteem LG Exalt LG Exceed Black LG Exchange LG eXpo LG Extravert LG Extravert 2 LG F7200 LG F9100 LG F9200 LG Fathom LG Flare LG Freedom LG Fusic-LX550 LG G Flex LG G Flex 2 LG G Pad 10.1 LTE LG G Pad 10.1 LTE LG G Pad 7.0 LTE LG G Pad 7.0 LTE LG G Pad 8.3 LG G Pad 8.3 LG G Pad 8.3 Google Play edition LG G Pad F7.0 LG G Pad X 8.0 LG G Pro 2 LG G Stylo LG G Vista LG G Vista 2 LG G Watch LG G Watch R LG G2 LG G3 LG G3 Vigor LG G4 LG G4010 / G4011 LG G4020 LG G5 LG Genesis LG Glance LG Glimmer LG GM730 LG GS170 LG GU295 LG HB620T LG Helix UX310 Orange LG Ignite LG Imprint LG INCITE LG Intuition LG Intuition LG Invision LG K10 LG K3 LG K4 LG K7 LG K8 V LG KE850-Prada LG KE970-Shine LG KF900-Prada LG KP265 LG KP500 Cookie LG KU990-Viewty LG L1150 / L1100 LG L1200 LG L1400 LG L1400i LG L34C LG L35G SIM4 LG L39C LG Lancet LG Leon LTE LG LG 530G LG LG-AX-140 LG Lotus LG Lotus Elite LG Lucid LG Lucid 2 LG Lucid 2 LG Lucid 3 LG Lucky LG LX-150 LG LX-5550 / VX-5550 LG LX1200 LG LX150 LG LX160 LG LX290 LG LX350 LG LX350 LG LX370 LG LX400 LG LX400 LG LX535 LG LX5350 LG LX550 LG Lyric LG M4410 LG Mach LG Marquee LG Migo LG Migo (sm) LG MM-535 LG Motion 4G LG Motion 4G LG Muziq LX570 LG Muziq-LX-570 Black LG Mystique LG Neon LG Neon II LG Nexus 5X LG Nitro HD LG Octane LG Optimus 2X LG Optimus 4X HD LG Optimus Black LG Optimus C LG Optimus Dynamic LG Optimus Dynamic II LG Optimus Elite LG Optimus Exceed 2 LG Optimus Extreme LG Optimus F3 LG Optimus F3Q LG Optimus F5 LG Optimus F6 LG Optimus F7 LG Optimus Fuel LG Optimus G LG Optimus G Pro LG Optimus L70 LG Optimus L9 LG Optimus L90 LG Optimus Logic LG Optimus M LG Optimus M LG Optimus M Plus LG Optimus M+ LG Optimus Net LG Optimus Plus LG Optimus Q LG Optimus Regard LG Optimus S LG Optimus S Purple LG Optimus SHOWTIME LG Optimus Slider LG Optimus U LG Optimus Ultimate LG Optimus V LG Optimus V LG Optimus Zip LG Optimus Zone LG Optimus Zone 2 LG Optimus Zone 3 LG Phoenix LG Phoenix 2 LG PM-225 LG PM-225 LG PM-325 LG Power L22C LG Premier LG Prestige LG Prime LG Quantum LG Realm LG Realm Black LG Rebel LG Remarq LG Renoir-KC910 LG Revere LG Revere LG Revere 2 LG Revere 3 LG Revolution LG Rhythm LG Rumor LG Rumor 2 LG Rumor Black LG Rumor Reflex LG Rumor Reflex S LG Rumor Touch LG Saber LG Scoop LG Select LG Sentio LG Shine CU720 LG Shine II LG Shine-CU720 LG Spirit LG Spirit 4G LG Splendor LG Spyder 830 LG Star Black LG Stylo 2 LG Stylo 2 PLUS LG Stylo 2 V LG Sunrise LG Sunset LG Swift LG Thrive LG TM-220 LG TM-510 LG TP-1100 LG TP-5200 LG TP-5250 LG Transpyre LG Trax-CU575 LG Treasure LTE LG Tribute LG Tribute 2 LG Tribute 5 LG Tribute HD LG Tritan LG U8150 LG Ultimate 2 LG UX-210 LG UX-245 LG UX-355 LG UX-390 LG UX220 LG UX4750 LG V10 LG V20 LG Venice LG Venus LG Versa LG VI-125 LG VI-125 LG VI-5225 LG VI5225 / 5400A LG Viper LG VL600 4G USB Modem LG Volt LG Volt 2 LG Vortex LG Voyager LG Vu CU915 LG Vu CU920 LG Vu Plus LG VX-1 / TM-520 LG VX-10 LG VX-2000 LG VX-3100 / 3100A / TM250 LG VX-3200 LG VX-3450 LG VX-4100 LG VX-4270 LG VX-4400 LG VX-4500 LG VX-4600 LG VX-4700 LG VX-5200 LG VX-5200 LG VX-5400 LG VX-6000 LG VX-6100 LG VX-7000 LG VX-8000 LG VX-8100 LG VX-8300 LG VX-8350 LG VX-8500-Chocolate LG VX-8550-Chocolate Black LG VX-8600 LG VX-8700 LG VX-9000 LG VX-9400 LG VX-9800 LG VX3100 LG VX3300 LG VX3300 LG VX3400 LG VX3400 LG VX3450 LG VX3450L LG VX4400 LG VX4500 LG VX4650 LG VX5200 LG VX5300 LG VX5400 LG VX5500 LG VX7000 LG VX8000 LG VX8300 LG VX8350 LG VX8350 Red LG VX8360 LG VX8600 LG VX9800 LG Watch Urbane LG Wave-AX380 LG Wine II UN430 Titanium Gray LG X Power LG Xenon LG Xpression LG Xpression 2 LG Xpression 2 Blue LG100C LG200C LG225 LG300G LG400G LG501C LG620G LG900G Linksys Hi Port Router Lucid 3 by LG Mach Speed Trio Stealth G4 Mach Speed Trio Stealth Pro Mach Speed Trio Stealth Pro G2 MEEP Children's Android Tablet Meizu M2 Note Meta M1 MW4003 Microsoft Lumia 535 Microsoft Lumia 550 Microsoft Lumia 640 Microsoft Lumia 640 XL Microsoft Lumia 650 Microsoft Lumia 735 Microsoft Lumia 950 Microsoft Lumia 950 XL MiFi 2200 Mobile Hotspot MiFi 3G/4G Mobile Hotspot MiFi 3G/4G Mobile Hotspot by Novatel Wireless MiFi 500 LTE by Novatel Wireless MiTAC MIO-8380 MiTAC MIO-8390 Mitsubishi G310 Mitsubishi G360 Mitsubishi G410 Mitsubishi M900/M430i Moto 360 (2nd Gen) 42mm Moto 360 (2nd Gen) 46mm Moto 360 Sport Moto E3 Moto G4 Moto G4 Play Moto G4 Plus Moto Z Force Moto Z Play Motorola HOLLYWOOD/ E815 Motorola 2004-Nascar-Nextel-Cup-Series-Dale-Jarrett Motorola 388C Motorola 408 Motorola A009 Motorola A1200 Ming Motorola A1200/MING Black Motorola A388 Motorola A6288 Motorola A630 Motorola A630 Motorola A668 Motorola A780 Motorola A810 Motorola A830 Motorola A835 Motorola A840 Motorola A845 Motorola A855 Motorola A920 Motorola Admiral Motorola Adventure V750 Motorola Atrix 2 Motorola Atrix 4G Motorola Atrix HD Motorola AURA Motorola Backflip Motorola Barrage Motorola Bravo Motorola Brute i680 Motorola Buzz ic502 Motorola Buzz-ic502 Black Motorola C139 Motorola C155 Motorola C168i Motorola C186i Motorola C250 / C256 Motorola C261 Motorola C290 Motorola C331T Motorola C332 / C331G / C333 Motorola C343 / C343A / C341 Motorola C350G / C353 / C359 GSM Motorola C353T Motorola C370 / C450 Motorola C380 Motorola C381p Motorola C650 Motorola Charm Motorola Citrus Motorola CLIQ Motorola CLIQ 2 Motorola CLIQ XT Motorola Clutch i465 Motorola Clutch Plus i475 Motorola Crush Motorola Debut i856 Motorola Defy Motorola Defy XT Motorola Devour Motorola DROID MAXX Motorola DROID Maxx 2 Motorola DROID Mini Motorola DROID Turbo 2 Motorola DROID TURBO Black Motorola DROID Ultra Motorola Droid Xyboard 10.1 Motorola Droid Xyboard 8.2 Motorola e1000 Motorola E310 Motorola E380 Motorola E398 Motorola E680 Motorola E815 Motorola Electrify Motorola Electrify 2 Motorola Electrify M Motorola EM326g Motorola EM330 Motorola Entice Motorola Evoke Motorola EX124G Motorola EX431G Motorola Flipout Motorola Flipside Motorola Grasp Motorola Heron Motorola Hint QA30 Motorola Hollywood-E816 Black Motorola i1 Motorola I2000PLUS Motorola i205 Motorola i215 Motorola i265 Motorola i275 Motorola i285 Motorola i290 Motorola i296 Black Motorola i305 Motorola I30SX Motorola i315 Motorola i325 Motorola i335 Motorola i355 Motorola I35S Motorola i365 Motorola i415 Motorola i425 Motorola i450 Motorola I50SX Motorola i530 Motorola i530b Motorola i530y Motorola i530y Motorola I55SR / I58SR Motorola i560 Motorola i570 Motorola i576 Motorola i580 Motorola i605 Motorola i605 Motorola I60C Motorola i670 Motorola i710 Motorola i710 Motorola i720 Motorola i730 / i733 Motorola i736-2004-Nascar-Nextel-Cup-Series-Jeff-Gordon Motorola i736-2004-Nascar-Nextel-Cup-Series-Tony-Stewart Motorola i760 Motorola i776 Motorola i776W Motorola I80S Motorola i830 Motorola i830 Silver Motorola i835 Motorola i836 Motorola i850 Motorola i855 Motorola I85S / I88S Motorola i860 Motorola i870 Motorola i880 Motorola i880 Motorola i885 Motorola i886 Motorola i890 Motorola I90C Motorola i920 Motorola i930 Motorola I95CL / I99CL Motorola ic402-Blend Motorola ic602-Buzz Motorola ic902 Motorola Karma QA1 Motorola Krave ZN4 Motorola KRZR-K1 Cosmic Blue Motorola KRZR-K1m Motorola L2 Motorola L6 Motorola Luge Motorola Luge Black Motorola Milestone 3 Motorola Milestone Plus Motorola Moto 360 Motorola Moto E (1st Gen) Motorola Moto E (2nd Gen) Motorola Moto E Black Motorola Moto G Motorola Moto G (2nd Gen.) Black Motorola Moto G (3rd Gen) Motorola Moto G 4G LTE Motorola Moto G Play Motorola MOTO VE66 Motorola Moto X Motorola Moto X (2014) Motorola Moto X (2nd Gen.) Black Motorola Moto X Play Motorola Moto X Pure Motorola Moto Z Motorola MOTO Z10 Motorola MOTO ZN200 Motorola MOTO-ACTV-W450 Yellow Motorola MOTOMING-A1600 Motorola MOTOMING-A1800 Motorola MOTOROKR-EM25 Motorola MOTOROKR-EM28 Motorola MOTOROKR-EM30 Motorola MPx Motorola MPX100 Motorola MPX200 Motorola MPX220 Motorola PEBL Motorola PEBL Motorola PHOTON 4G Motorola Photon Q Motorola Q Motorola Q-11 Motorola Q9 Motorola Q9c Motorola Q9h-Global Motorola Q9m Motorola Quantico W845 Motorola Rapture VU30 Motorola Razr V3 Motorola RAZR V3 Dolce & Gabbana Motorola RAZR V3m Motorola RAZR VE20 Motorola RAZR-maxx-Ve Motorola RAZR-V3 Silver Motorola RAZR-V3a Motorola RAZR-V3c Motorola RAZR-V3i Motorola RAZR-V3m Motorola RAZR-V3r Fire Red Motorola RAZR-V3s Motorola RAZR-V3t Black Motorola RAZR-V3x Dark Blue Motorola RAZR-V3xx Grey Motorola RAZR2 V9m Motorola RAZR2-V8 Motorola RAZR2-V9 Motorola RAZR2-V9x Black Motorola Renegade V950 Motorola Renew Motorola Rival Motorola RIZR Z3 Motorola RIZR-Z3 Black Motorola RIZR-Z6c Motorola RIZR-Z6tv Motorola RIZR-Z8 Motorola ROKR E8 Motorola ROKR EM35 Motorola ROKR U9 Motorola ROKR Z6 Motorola ROKR-E1 Motorola ROKR-E2 Motorola ROKR-E6 Motorola ROKR-Z6 Black Motorola ROKR-Z6m Motorola Roxy-i830 Motorola Sidekick-Slide Motorola SLVR-L7 Motorola SLVR-L7c Black Motorola SLVR-L7e Motorola SLVR-L7i Motorola SLVR-L9 Motorola Stature i9 Motorola Surf A3100 Motorola T191 Motorola T280I Motorola T300P Motorola T720 / T721 Motorola T720I / T722I GSM Motorola T722i Motorola T725E Motorola T730 / T731C Motorola TALKABOUT-T193 / T193M Motorola Theory Motorola TIMEPORT P7382I Motorola TIMEPORT-270C Motorola TIMEPORT-P280 Motorola Titanium Motorola Triumph Motorola Tundra Motorola U9 Black Motorola v100 Motorola v120C Motorola v120e Motorola v120T Motorola v120X Motorola V171 Motorola V173 Motorola V176 Motorola V177 Motorola v180 Motorola V188 Motorola V190 Motorola V195 Motorola V195 Motorola v200 Motorola v220 Motorola V226 Motorola V235 Motorola V260 Motorola V260 / V262 Motorola v265 Motorola V266 Motorola V276 Motorola v300 Motorola v323 Motorola V325 Motorola V330 Motorola V360 Motorola V365 Motorola V3a Fire red Motorola v400 Motorola V400p Motorola v500 / v525 / v505 Motorola v535 / v545 / v550 / e550 Motorola V540 Motorola V551 Motorola V555 Motorola V557 Motorola v600 Motorola V600 Motorola v60C Motorola v60G Motorola v60I-TDMA / v60TI Motorola v60P / v60S Motorola v60T Motorola v60V Motorola V60X Motorola v620 Motorola v635 Motorola V65p Motorola v66 Motorola v66I Motorola v690 Motorola v70 Motorola v710 Motorola v80 Motorola v810 Motorola V872 Motorola v878 Motorola V980 Motorola VE240 Motorola VE465 Motorola VE75 Black Motorola VU204 Motorola W160 Motorola W175 Motorola W180 Motorola W206 Motorola W213 Motorola W230 Motorola W270 Motorola W315 Black Motorola W370 Motorola W375 Motorola W375g Motorola W376g Motorola W380 Motorola W385 Motorola W395 Motorola W408g Motorola W409G Motorola W418G Motorola W419G Black Motorola W490 Motorola W490 Motorola W510 Motorola W510 Motorola W755 Motorola XOOM Motorola XPRT Motorola Z6w Motorola Z9 Motorola Zine ZN5 myTouch 4G NEC 232E NEC 515 NEC 525 NEC 535 NEC Terrain Neonode Freerunner Neonode N1 Neonode N2 Netgear 341U USB Modem Netgear Mingle Mobile Hotspot NETGEAR Unite Netgear Zing NETGEAR Zing Netgear Zing Mobile Hotspot Nextbit Robin NextBook NEXT 10P12 9.7 inch Nexus S 4G Nexus S from Google Nixxo NXG-7300 Nixxo NXG-9230 Nokia 1006 Nokia 1100 Nokia 1101 Nokia 1108 Apple Silver Nokia 1110 Nokia 1208 Nokia 1208 Nokia 1221 Nokia 1260 / 1261 Nokia 1600 Nokia 1606 Nokia 1616 Nokia 1661 Nokia 1661 Nokia 1680 Nokia 2115i/2116i Nokia 2125i/2126i/2128i Nokia 2128 Nokia 2135 Nokia 216 Nokia 2260 Nokia 2270 Nokia 2285 / 2275 Nokia 2330 Nokia 2365i Nokia 2366i Nokia 2600 Nokia 2608 Nokia 2610 Nokia 2630 Nokia 2650 Nokia 2651 Nokia 2680 Nokia 2700 Classic Nokia 2855 Nokia 2865 Nokia 3100 Nokia 3108 Nokia 3120 Blue Nokia 3128 Nokia 3155i / VI3155 Nokia 3200 Nokia 3205 Nokia 3220 Nokia 3220 Nokia 3230 Nokia 3250 Black Nokia 3285 Nokia 3300 Nokia 3360 / 3361 Nokia 3390 Nokia 3395 Nokia 3500-classic Nokia 3555 Nokia 3560 Nokia 3570 Nokia 3585 / 3585I Nokia 3586I / 3588I Nokia 3588i Nokia 3589I / 3587I Nokia 3590 Nokia 3595 Nokia 3600 Nokia 3600-Slide Wine Nokia 3606 Nokia 3610 Nokia 3620 Nokia 3650 Nokia 3660 Nokia 3660 Nokia 3711 Nokia 5100 Nokia 5130 Nokia 5140 Nokia 5165 Nokia 5185I Nokia 5220-XpressMusic Nokia 5300 Red Nokia 5310 XpressMusic Nokia 5320-XpressMusic Nokia 5500-Sport Nokia 5530 XpressMusic Black Nokia 5610 Nokia 5630 XpressMusic Red Nokia 5700-XpressMusic Nokia 5800-XpressMusic Blue Nokia 6010 Nokia 6015i Nokia 6015i Nokia 6016i Nokia 6020 Nokia 6021 Nokia 6030 Nokia 6030 Nokia 6060 Nokia 6061 Nokia 6085 Nokia 6086 Nokia 6100 Nokia 6101 Nokia 6101/6102 Nokia 6102i Nokia 6103 Nokia 6108 Nokia 6110 Nokia 6111 Nokia 6120-classic Nokia 6121-classic Nokia 6125 Nokia 6126 Nokia 6131 Nokia 6133 Nokia 6133 Nokia 6136 Nokia 6155i Nokia 6165i Nokia 6165i Nokia 6170 Nokia 6200 Nokia 6205 Nokia 6215i Nokia 6215i Nokia 6220 Nokia 6225 / PM6225 Nokia 6230 Nokia 6230i Nokia 6233 Black Nokia 6235i/6236i Nokia 6255i Nokia 6256i Nokia 6260 Nokia 6260 slide Black Nokia 6263 Nokia 6265 Nokia 6267 Nokia 6270 Mist Blue Nokia 6275i Nokia 6280 Grey Nokia 6282 Nokia 6290 Nokia 6300 Nokia 6301 Nokia 6303 Classic Silver Nokia 6305i Nokia 6310I Nokia 6315i Nokia 6340 Nokia 6340I Nokia 6350 Nokia 6360 Nokia 6370 Nokia 6385 Nokia 6500-Slide Nokia 6555 Nokia 6560 Nokia 6585 Nokia 6590 / 6590I Nokia 6600 Nokia 6600-fold Nokia 6600-Slide Nokia 6610 Nokia 6610I Nokia 6620 Nokia 6630 Nokia 6650 Nokia 6651 Nokia 6670 Nokia 6680 Nokia 6682/6681 Nokia 6700 Classic Sliver Nokia 6708 Nokia 6800 Nokia 6800 Nokia 6810 Nokia 6820/6820i Nokia 6822 Nokia 7160 Nokia 7190 Nokia 7200 Nokia 7210 Nokia 7250 / 7250I Nokia 7260 Nokia 7270 Nokia 7280 Nokia 7360 White Amber Nokia 7370 Brown Nokia 7380 Nokia 7510 Nokia 7600 Nokia 7610 Nokia 7610 Supernova Nokia 7700 Nokia 7710 Nokia 7900-Prism Nokia 8260 Nokia 8265 / 8265I Nokia 8270 Nokia 8290 Nokia 8390 Nokia 8600-Luna Nokia 8800 / 8801 Nokia 8800 Arte Nokia 8890 Nokia 9290 Nokia 9300 Nokia 9300i Nokia 9500 Nokia Astound Nokia C6 White Nokia E50 Nokia E51 Nokia E55 Black Aluminium Nokia E61 Nokia E61i Nokia E62 Nokia E63 Ruby Red Nokia E65 Mocca Silver Nokia E66 Nokia E70 Nokia E71 Nokia E71x Nokia E72 Nokia E73 Mode Nokia E75 Red Nokia E90 Nokia Intrigue 7205 Silver Keypad Nokia Lumia 1020 Nokia Lumia 1320 Nokia Lumia 1520 Nokia Lumia 2520 Nokia Lumia 2520 Red Nokia Lumia 520 Nokia Lumia 520 Black Nokia Lumia 521 Nokia Lumia 530 Nokia Lumia 620 Cyan Nokia Lumia 625 Nokia Lumia 635 Nokia Lumia 710 Nokia Lumia 800 Magenta Nokia Lumia 810 Nokia Lumia 810 Nokia Lumia 820 Nokia Lumia 822 Nokia Lumia 830 Nokia Lumia 830 Nokia Lumia 900 Nokia Lumia 920 Nokia Lumia 925 Nokia Lumia 928 Nokia Lumia Icon Nokia Mirage 2605 Nokia Mural Nokia N-Gage Nokia N-GAGE QD Nokia N1 Nokia N70 Nokia n71 Nokia N72 Nokia N73 Nokia N73 Deep Plum Silver Nokia N75 Nokia N76 Red Nokia N78 Nokia N79 Nokia N8 Black Nokia N80 Nokia N81-8GB Nokia N810 Silver Nokia N810 WiMax edition Nokia N82 Nokia N85 Nokia N86 Black Nokia N90 Nokia N900 Nokia N91 Light Chrome Nokia N93 Nokia N95 Nokia N95 8GB Nokia N96 Nokia N97 Nokia N97 Mini Nokia NGage Nokia Nuron 5230 Nokia Nuron 5230 Nokia Shade 2705 Nokia Shorty Nokia Supernova-7210 Nokia Supernova-7310 Nokia Supernova-7510 Nokia Surge Nokia Tiger White Nokia Twist 7705 Nokia VI-3155 Nokia X2 Nokia X2 Novatel Broadband2Go Novatel EX720 Express PC Card Novatel EX720 ExpressCard Novatel Merlin C777 Novatel Merlin S620 Novatel MiFi 5580 Novatel MiFi Liberate Novatel Ovation U727 Novatel Ovation U760 Novatel Ovation-U727 Novatel S720 Novatel S720-Wireless-PC-Card Novatel U720 PC/Mac Card Novatel U760 Novatel USB1000 Global Modem Novatel USB720 Novatel USB727-Modem Novatel V620 EVDO PC Card Novatel V620-EV-DO-PC-card Novatel V640 PC/Mac USB Broadband Card Novatel V640-PC-Card Novatel V740 Express Card Novatel V740 PC/Mac Wireless Broadband Card o2 XDA Ignito o2 XDA-Stealth OnePlus 2 OnePlus 3 OnePlus One OnePlus One OnePlus X Oppo N1 Option GT-Max-3.6-Express Option GT-Max-Wireless-Card Option GT-Ultra Option GT-Ultra-Express Overdrive 3G 4G Mobile Hotspot Palm 680 Palm 700p Palm 700w-CDMA Palm 700wx Palm 750 Palm 755p Blue Palm Centro Palm M500 Palm Pixi Palm Pixi Plus Palm Pre Palm Pre Plus Palm Pro Palm Treo 650 Palm Treo 700wx Palm Treo 800w Palm Treo Pro Palm TREO-180 Palm Treo-270 Palm TREO-300 Palm TREO-600-GSM Palm TREO-650 Panasonic ALLURE-EB-TX310 Panasonic DURAMAX-EB-TX220 Panasonic G50 / G51 Panasonic G51U Panasonic G60U Panasonic G70 Panasonic GD55 / A100 Panasonic GD87 / GU87 Panasonic VERSIO-EB-TX320 Panasonic VS7 Panasonic X11 Panasonic X300 Panasonic X500 Panasonic X70 Panasonic X700 Panasonic X800 Pantech Breakout Pantech Breeze II Pantech Breeze III Pantech Breeze IV Black Pantech Breeze-C520 Pantech Burst Pantech C150 Pantech C3b Pantech C610 Pantech C630 Pantech Caper Pantech CDM-180 Pantech CDM8635 Pantech Crossover Pantech Crux Pantech Discover Pantech Duo-C810 Pantech Ease Pantech Element Pantech Flex Pantech Hero/PN-8300 Pantech Hotshot Pantech Impact Pantech Jest Pantech Jest 2 Pantech Laser Pantech Link Pantech Link II Pantech Marauder Pantech Matrix Pantech Matrix Pro Pantech Ocean Pantech Ocean 2 Pantech P7040p Pantech Perception Pantech Perception Pantech PG-8000 Pantech PG-C120 Pantech PG-C300 Pantech PN-215 Pantech PN-218 Pantech PN-320 Pantech PN-3200 Pantech PN-820 Pantech Pocket Pantech Pursuit Pantech Pursuit II Pantech PX-500 Pantech Renue Pantech Renue Pantech Reveal Pantech Slate Pantech Snapper Pantech Swift Pantech UML290 4G USB Modem Pantech UML295 LTE USB Modem Pantech UMW190 Global USB Modem Pantech Vybe PCD CDM 8950 PCD CDM-8975 PCD Chaser PCD Escapade PCD Razzle PCD Sprint Phone Connect Black PCD TXTM8 PCD Venture Black Pebble Steel Black Phone Connect 3 Plum Might Z513 Que 4.5 Que 5.0 REEF RIM BlackBerry 6710 RIM BlackBerry 7100t RIM BlackBerry 7105t RIM BlackBerry 7130e RIM BlackBerry 7230 RIM BlackBerry 8700g Rugged CAT S50 S275G Sagem MY-X-5P Sagem my301L Samsung 4G Mobile Hotspot LC11 Samsung A157 Gray Samsung A177 Samsung A580 Samsung Access Samsung Acclaim SCH-r880 Samsung Admire Samsung Admire Samsung Alias 2 Samsung Array Samsung ATIV Odyssey Samsung ATIV S Neo Samsung ATIV SE Samsung Axle Samsung Beam Samsung Beat Samsung Beat DJ M7600 Samsung Beat-SGH-T539 Samsung Behold Samsung Behold II Samsung BlackJack II i617 Samsung Blackjack-2-SGH-617 Black Samsung BlackJack-SGH-i607 Samsung Blast-SGH-T729 Samsung Brightside Samsung Byline R310 Samsung Caliber SCH-r850 Samsung Captivate Samsung Captivate Glide Samsung Character Gray Samsung Chianti Samsung Chrono Samsung Chrono 2 Samsung Cobra M320-Burgundy Samsung Code Samsung Comeback Samsung Comment Samsung Comment 2 Samsung Conquer 4G Samsung Continuum Samsung Contour 2 Samsung Contour 2 Samsung Convoy Samsung Convoy 2 Samsung Convoy 3 Samsung Craft Samsung Craft SCH-r900 Samsung D415 Samsung D510 Samsung D900 Samsung Dart Samsung Dart Samsung Delve Samsung Diane-Von-Furstenberg-Mobile Samsung DoubleTime Samsung Drift Samsung E105 Samsung E315 Samsung E335 Samsung E350 Samsung E635 Samsung E715 Samsung Emporio-Armani-M7500 Samsung Entro Samsung Epic Samsung Epic 4G Touch Samsung Epix Samsung Eternity Samsung Eternity II Samsung Evergreen Samsung Exclaim Samsung Exec SCH-i225 Samsung Exhibit 4G Samsung Exhibit II 4G Samsung F110-Adidas-miCoach Samsung F700 Samsung Factor Samsung Fascinate Samsung Fin Samsung Finesse r810 Samsung Flight Samsung Flight II Samsung FlipShot-U900 Black Samsung Focus Samsung Focus 2 Samsung Focus Flash Samsung Focus S Samsung Freeform Samsung Freeform 4 Samsung Freeform 5 Samsung Freeform II Samsung Freeform II Samsung Freeform III Samsung Freeform III Samsung Freeform M Samsung G800 Samsung Galaxy 4 mini White Samsung Galaxy A5 Samsung Galaxy Ace Samsung Galaxy Ace 3 4G LTE Samsung Galaxy Ace 4 LTE Samsung Galaxy Ace Style Samsung Galaxy Admire 4G Samsung Galaxy Alpha Samsung Galaxy Alpha Samsung Galaxy Amp Samsung Galaxy Appeal Samsung Galaxy Attain 4G Samsung Galaxy Attain 4G Samsung Galaxy Avant Samsung Galaxy Axiom Samsung Galaxy Centura Samsung Galaxy Core Samsung Galaxy Core Prime Samsung Galaxy Discover Samsung Galaxy E5 Samsung Galaxy Exhibit Samsung Galaxy Exhilarate Samsung Galaxy Express 3 Samsung Galaxy Express GoPhone Samsung Galaxy Express Prime Samsung Galaxy Gear Samsung Galaxy Go Prime Samsung Galaxy Grand Prime Samsung Galaxy i7500 Samsung Galaxy Indulge Samsung Galaxy Indulge Samsung Galaxy J1 Ace Samsung Galaxy J1 LTE Samsung Galaxy J1 Mini Samsung Galaxy J2 Samsung Galaxy J3 (2016) Samsung Galaxy J3 V Samsung Galaxy J5 Samsung Galaxy J7 Samsung Galaxy K zoom Samsung Galaxy Legend Samsung Galaxy Light Samsung Galaxy Luna Samsung Galaxy Mega 2 Samsung Galaxy Mega 2 Samsung Galaxy Mega 5.8 Samsung Galaxy Mega 6.3 Samsung Galaxy Metrix 4G Samsung Galaxy Note Samsung Galaxy Note 10.1 Samsung Galaxy Note 3 Samsung Galaxy Note 4 Samsung Galaxy Note 5 Samsung Galaxy Note 8.0 Samsung Galaxy Note Edge Samsung Galaxy Note II Samsung Galaxy Note Pro Samsung Galaxy Note Pro Samsung Galaxy Note5 Samsung Galaxy Note7 Samsung Galaxy On5 Samsung Galaxy Precedent Samsung Galaxy Premier Samsung Galaxy Prevail Samsung Galaxy Prevail Samsung Galaxy Prevail 2 Samsung Galaxy Prevail 2 White Samsung Galaxy Proclaim Samsung Galaxy Proclaim Samsung Galaxy Reverb Samsung Galaxy Ring Samsung Galaxy Rugby Pro Samsung Galaxy Rush Samsung Galaxy S 4 zoom Samsung Galaxy S 4G Samsung Galaxy S Aviator Samsung Galaxy S Blaze Samsung Galaxy S II Samsung Galaxy S II Skyrocket HD Samsung Galaxy S III Samsung Galaxy S III Mini Samsung Galaxy S Lightray 4G Samsung Galaxy S Lightray 4G Samsung Galaxy S Relay 4G Samsung Galaxy S WiFi 4.2 White Samsung Galaxy S4 Samsung Galaxy S4 Active Samsung Galaxy S4 Mini Samsung Galaxy S5 Samsung Galaxy S5 Active Samsung Galaxy S5 mini Samsung Galaxy S5 Sport Samsung Galaxy S6 Samsung Galaxy S6 Active Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge Samsung Galaxy S6 edge+ Samsung Galaxy S6 edge+ Samsung Galaxy S7 Samsung Galaxy S7 Active Samsung Galaxy S7 edge Samsung Galaxy Sky Samsung Galaxy Stardust Samsung Galaxy Stellar Samsung Galaxy Stratosphere II Samsung Galaxy Tab Samsung Galaxy Tab 2 Samsung Galaxy Tab 3 Samsung Galaxy Tab 3 7.0 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 10.1 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 8.0 Samsung Galaxy Tab S Samsung Galaxy Tab S 10.5 Samsung Galaxy Tab S 10.5 Samsung Galaxy Tab S 8.4 Samsung Galaxy Tab S White Samsung Galaxy Tab S2 9.7 Samsung Galaxy Tab4 7.0 White Samsung Galaxy TabPRO Samsung Galaxy Victory 4G LTE Samsung Galaxy View Samsung Gear 2 Samsung Gear Live Samsung Gear S Samsung Gear S2 Samsung Gear S3 Classic Samsung Gear S3 Frontier Samsung Gem Samsung Gleam-U700 Samsung Glint Pink Samsung Gloss SCH-U440 Samsung Glyde Samsung Gravity 2 Samsung Gravity 3 Samsung Gravity Q Samsung Gravity SMART Samsung Gravity T Samsung Gravity TXT Samsung GT2 Samsung Gusto Samsung Gusto 2 Samsung Gusto 3 Samsung Gusto 3 Blue Samsung Haven Samsung Heat Samsung Highlight Samsung Highlight T749 Ice Samsung Highnote Samsung Hue II Samsung i400 Samsung i740 Samsung i8510 Samsung i900-Omnia Samsung Illusion Samsung Impact Samsung Impression Samsung Indulge Samsung Infinity Samsung Infuse 4G Samsung Instinct Samsung Instinct HD Samsung Instinct S30 Samsung Instinct s30 Touch of Copper Samsung Intensity Samsung Intensity II Samsung Intensity III Samsung Intercept Samsung Intrepid Samsung IP-830w Samsung IP-A790 Samsung Jack Samsung JetSet-R550 Samsung Jitterbug-SPH-A110 Samsung Katalyst T739 Samsung Katalyst-SGH-T739 Samsung Knack U310 Samsung LTE MiFi Samsung LTE Mobile HotSpot Pro Samsung Lucello Samsung M140 Samsung M220 Samsung M240 Samsung M300 Samsung M3200-Beat-S Samsung M330 Samsung M370 Samsung M400 Samsung M500 Samsung M510 Samsung M510 Pink Samsung M520 Samsung M575 Samsung M610 Samsung Magnet Samsung Mantra M340 Samsung Memoir Samsung Mesmerize Samsung Messager II R560 Samsung Messager III Samsung Messager R450 Samsung Messager Touch SCH-r630 Blue Samsung Mirage-i907 Samsung MM-A700 Samsung MM-A800 Samsung MM-A880 Samsung MM-A900 Samsung MM-A920 Samsung MM-A920 Samsung MM-A940 Samsung Moment Samsung Mondi WiMAX SWD-M100 Samsung Montage Samsung Muse Samsung MyShot Samsung MyShot II R460 Samsung Mysto Samsung Mythic Samsung Omnia Samsung Omnia HD i8910 Samsung Omnia II Samsung P300 Samsung Pivot Samsung Pixon-M8800 Samsung PM-A740 Samsung PM-A840 Samsung Precedent Samsung Profile Samsung Propel Samsung Propel Pro Samsung R225m Samsung R335C Samsung R375C Samsung R451C Samsung R455C Samsung Rant Samsung Reality Samsung Reclaim Samsung Renown Samsung Replenish Samsung Repp Samsung Restore Samsung Rogue Samsung Rugby Samsung Rugby 4 Samsung Rugby II Samsung Rugby III Samsung Rugby Smart Samsung S125 Black Samsung S150G Black Samsung S275G Samsung S336C Samsung S380C Samsung S390G Samsung S425G Samsung Saga Samsung SCH r451c Samsung SCH-A220 Samsung SCH-A310 Samsung SCH-A530 Samsung SCH-A570 Samsung SCH-A610 Samsung SCH-A630 Samsung SCH-a645 Samsung SCH-A650 Samsung SCH-A670 Samsung SCH-A690 Samsung SCH-A770 Samsung SCH-A790 Samsung SCH-A850 Samsung SCH-A870 Samsung SCH-A890 Samsung SCH-A930 Samsung SCH-A950 Samsung SCH-A970 Samsung SCH-A990 Samsung SCH-I600 / SP-I600 Samsung SCH-i730 Samsung SCH-i760 Samsung SCH-i830 Samsung SCH-N150 Samsung SCH-N330 Samsung SCH-N370 Samsung SCH-R200 Samsung SCH-R300 Samsung SCH-R400 Samsung SCH-R410 Samsung SCH-r470 Red Samsung SCH-r500 Hue Samsung SCH-R610 Samsung SCH-T300 Samsung SCH-U340 Samsung SCH-U340-Snap Samsung SCH-U410 Samsung SCH-U420 Samsung SCH-u430 Black Samsung SCH-U470-Juke Navy Samsung SCH-U520 Samsung SCH-U540 Samsung SCH-U550 Samsung SCH-U620 Samsung SCH-U740 Samsung SCH-U740 Alias Samsung Seek Samsung SGH A237-Blue Samsung SGH A777 Blue Samsung SGH T429 Samsung SGH-A107 Samsung SGH-a127 Samsung SGH-A137 Samsung SGH-A167 Samsung SGH-A187 Blue Samsung SGH-A197 Black Samsung SGH-A226 Samsung SGH-A227 Samsung SGH-A437 Red Samsung SGH-A517 Samsung SGH-A637 Samsung SGH-a657 Samsung SGH-A717 Samsung SGH-A727 Samsung SGH-A736 Samsung SGH-A737 Blue Samsung SGH-C207 Samsung SGH-C225 Samsung SGH-C416 Black Samsung SGH-C417 Grey Samsung SGH-D100 Samsung SGH-D307 Samsung SGH-D357 Samsung SGH-D407 Samsung SGH-D415 / SGH-D410 Samsung SGH-D500 Samsung SGH-D520 Samsung SGH-D600 Samsung SGH-D700 Samsung SGH-D720 Samsung SGH-d800 Samsung SGH-D806 Black Samsung SGH-D807 Grey Samsung SGH-D820 Samsung SGH-D840 Samsung SGH-D900 Samsung SGH-E105 Samsung SGH-E315 Samsung SGH-E316 / SGH-E317 Samsung SGH-E335 Samsung SGH-E360 Samsung SGH-E400 Samsung SGH-E600 Samsung SGH-E610 Samsung SGH-E630 Samsung SGH-E635 Samsung SGH-E640 Samsung SGH-E715 Samsung SGH-E720 Samsung SGH-E730 Samsung SGH-E760 Samsung SGH-E770 Samsung SGH-E840 Samsung SGH-E870 Samsung SGH-E880 Samsung SGH-E900 Samsung SGH-i250 Samsung SGH-i300 Samsung SGH-i320 Samsung SGH-I505 / SGH-I500 Samsung SGH-I700 Samsung SGH-N105 Samsung SGH-N625 Samsung SGH-P100 Samsung SGH-P107 Samsung SGH-P207 Samsung SGH-P400 / SGH-P408 Samsung SGH-P500 Samsung SGH-P705 Samsung SGH-P716 / SGH-P710 Samsung SGH-P735 / SGH-P730 Samsung SGH-P777 Samsung SGH-P850 Samsung SGH-Q105 Samsung SGH-R225 / SGH-R225M Samsung SGH-S105 / SGH-S100 Samsung SGH-S200 Samsung SGH-S300 / SGH-S300M Samsung SGH-S307 Samsung SGH-T101G Samsung SGH-T139 Samsung SGH-T199 Samsung SGH-T201G Samsung SGH-T209 Red Samsung SGH-T219 Chocolate Samsung SGH-T229 Samsung SGH-T239 Maroon Samsung SGH-T249 Blue Samsung SGH-T259 Samsung SGH-T301G Samsung SGH-t309 Samsung SGH-t319 Samsung SGH-t349 Samsung SGH-T369 Samsung SGH-T409 Samsung SGH-T439 Samsung SGH-T509 Silver Samsung SGH-T509s Plum Samsung SGH-T519 Trace Samsung SGH-T609 Samsung SGH-T619 Samsung SGH-T629 Samsung SGH-T639 Samsung SGH-t659 Samsung SGH-T709 Samsung SGH-T719 Samsung SGH-T809 Samsung SGH-t819 Samsung SGH-V100 Samsung SGH-V205 / V200 / V206 Samsung SGH-X105 Samsung SGH-X400 Samsung SGH-X426 / SGH-X427 Samsung SGH-X450 Samsung SGH-X475 Samsung SGH-X480 Samsung SGH-X495 Samsung SGH-X496 Samsung SGH-X497 Samsung SGH-X506 Samsung SGH-X507 Samsung SGH-X640 Grey Samsung SGH-X660 Samsung SGH-X820 Samsung SGH-X830 Black Samsung SGH-ZX10 Samsung SGH-ZX20 Samsung Showcase Samsung Sidekick 4G Samsung Slash Samsung SLM-SGH-A747 Blue Samsung Smiley Samsung Smooth Samsung Socializer B3310 Pink Samsung Solstice Samsung Solstice II Samsung SP-i600 Samsung SPH-A250 Samsung SPH-A400 Samsung SPH-A420 Samsung SPH-A460 Samsung SPH-A500 Samsung SPH-A520 Samsung SPH-A540 Samsung SPH-A560 Samsung SPH-A580 Samsung SPH-A600 Samsung SPH-A620 / VGA1000 Samsung SPH-A640 Samsung SPH-A660 / VI660 Samsung SPH-A680 / VM-A680 Samsung SPH-A740 Samsung SPH-A760 Samsung SPH-A820 Samsung SPH-A860 Samsung SPH-A960 Samsung SPH-I300 Samsung SPH-i325-Ace Samsung SPH-I330 Samsung SPH-I500 Samsung SPH-I550 Samsung SPH-I700 Samsung SPH-M300 Silver Samsung SPH-M500 Red Samsung SPH-M610 Samsung SPH-N200 Samsung SPH-N240 Samsung SPH-N270 Matrix Samsung SPH-N290 Samsung SPH-N400 Samsung SPH-P9000 Samsung SPH-S100 Samsung SPH-Z400 Samsung SPH/SCH-N300 Samsung Stratosphere Samsung Stratosphere II Black Samsung Stride R335 Samsung Strike T459 Lime Samsung Stripe T329 Samsung Stripe-SGH-T329 Black Samsung Strive Samsung Stunt Samsung Suede Samsung Sunburst Samsung Sway Samsung SYNC-SGH-A707 Samsung T105G Black Samsung T109 Samsung T119 Samsung T139 Samsung T159 Samsung T201G Samsung T209 Samsung T219 Samsung T245G Gray Samsung T309 Samsung T319 Samsung T339 Samsung T369 Samsung T401G Samsung T404G Samsung T439 Samsung T509 Samsung T519 Trace Samsung T528G Samsung T609 Samsung T619 Samsung T629 Samsung T719 Samsung T809 Samsung Tocco T919 Samsung Trance Samsung Transfix SCH-R730 Samsung Transform Samsung Transform Ultra Samsung Trender Samsung Trill SCH-r520 Samsung Trinity Samsung U370 Black Samsung U430 Samsung Ultra Touch S8300 Samsung Upstage M620 Samsung UpStage-M620 Samsung VI660 Samsung Vibrant Samsung Vitality Samsung Wafer-R510 Samsung Wave S8500 Samsung X495 Samsung Z500 Samsung Z510 Samsung Z540 Samsung Z700 Samsung Zeal Sanyo 7050 Sanyo 8400 Sanyo Incognito Sanyo Innuendo Sanyo Innuendo by Kyocera Sanyo Juno SCP2700 Deep Blue Sanyo Katana Sanyo Katana Blue Sanyo Katana DLX Sanyo Katana Eclipse Sanyo Katana Eclipse X Sanyo Katana II Sanyo Katana LX Sanyo Katana-DLX Champagne Sanyo Katana-II Cosmic Black Sanyo M1 Sanyo M1 Sanyo Mirro SCP3810 Sanyo MM-5600 Sanyo MM-7500 Sanyo MM-8300 Sanyo MM-8300 Red Sanyo MM-9000 Sanyo MM7400 Sanyo MVP Sanyo PM8200 / SCP-8200 Sanyo PRO-200 Sanyo RL-4930 Sanyo RL4920 Sanyo S1 Sanyo SCP-200 Pink Sanyo SCP-2400 Sanyo SCP-2400 Misty Rose Sanyo SCP-2700 Sanyo SCP-3100 Sanyo SCP-3100 Pure Silver Sanyo SCP-3200 Sanyo SCP-3200 Black Sanyo SCP-3810 Sanyo SCP-4700 Sanyo SCP-4900 Sanyo SCP-5150 Sanyo SCP-5300 Sanyo SCP-5400 / RL2500 Sanyo SCP-5500 / VM4500 Sanyo SCP-6000 Sanyo SCP-6200 Sanyo SCP-6400 Sanyo SCP-7000 Black Sanyo SCP-7050 Sanyo SCP-7200 / RL2000 Sanyo SCP-7300 / RL7300 Sanyo SCP-8100 Sanyo SCP-8400 Midnight Black Sanyo Taho by Kyocera Sanyo Vero by Kyocera Sanyo VI-2300 Pink Sanyo Zio Saygus V2 Sendo M551 Sendo S-251 Sendo X Sendo Z100 Sharp 903 Sharp Aquos Crystal Sharp Aquos Crystal White Sharp FX Sharp FX PLUS Sharp GX-10 / GX-10I Sharp GX-15 / GZ100 Sharp GX-20 / GX-22 Sharp GX-25 Sharp GX-30 / GX-32 Sharp Sidekick 3 Sharp Sidekick-LX Blue Sharp T-Mobile Sidekick - Tony Hawk Edition Sharp TM-100 Sharp TM-150 Sharp TM-200 Sharp Z-800-Audiovox-7900 Siemens A56 / A56I Siemens A60 Siemens A65 Siemens C56 Siemens C60 Siemens C61 Siemens C62 Siemens CF62T Siemens CF63 / CF62/CF62t Siemens CT56 Siemens CT66 / C66 / C65 Siemens CX66 / CX65 Siemens M46 Siemens M55 Siemens M56 Siemens M65 Siemens MC60 Siemens S40 Siemens S46 Siemens S55 Siemens S56 Siemens S66 Siemens SK65 Siemens SL55 Siemens SL56 Siemens SL65 Siemens SX1 Siemens SX56 Siemens SX66 Siemens U10 Siemens U15 Sierra 598 USB Modem Sierra USB Lightning 305 Sierra Wireless 250U Aircard Silver Sierra Wireless 4G LTE Tri-Fi Hotspot Sierra Wireless AC595 PC Wireless Card Sierra Wireless AC595 PC/Mac Wireless Card Sierra Wireless AC595 PCMCIA Wireless Card Sierra Wireless AC595U Sierra Wireless AC595U USB PC/Mac Card Sierra Wireless AC597 ExpressCard PC/Mac Card Sierra Wireless AC597E-PC-Card Sierra Wireless Air-Card-875 Sierra Wireless AirCard 402 Sierra Wireless Aircard-860 Sierra Wireless Aircard-875u Sierra Wireless AirCard-881 Sierra Wireless Mercury USB Modem Sierra Wireless Overdrive Pro Sierra Wireless Overdrive Pro Mobile Hotspot Sierra Wireless U597 Aircard Sierra Wireless Unite Sierra Wireless USBConnect Shockwave Sierra Wireless USBConnect-881 Sierra Wireless VOQ-A11 SKY 4.0 Sky 5.0L Sonim XP STRIKE Sonim XP5 Sonim XP6 Sony C1904 Xperia M Sony Ericsson C510 Silver Sony Ericsson C702a Sony Ericsson C901 Noble Black Sony Ericsson C902 Red Sony Ericsson C903 Red Sony Ericsson C905 Sony Ericsson D750 Sony Ericsson Equinox Sony Ericsson G700 Business Edition Sony Ericsson GC79 Sony Ericsson GC79 Cellular and WiFi PC Card Sony Ericsson GC82 Sony Ericsson GC83 Sony Ericsson GC89 Sony Ericsson GC89 PCMCIA PC Cell WiFi Card Sony Ericsson GC99 Sony Ericsson Idou Sony Ericsson J220 Sony Ericsson J300a Sony Ericsson K500 Sony Ericsson K510a Sony Ericsson K550 Sony Ericsson K550 Sony Ericsson K600i Sony Ericsson K660i Red Sony Ericsson K700I Sony Ericsson K750i Sony Ericsson K770 Truffle Brown Sony Ericsson K790 Sony Ericsson K790a Sony Ericsson K800-Euro Sony Ericsson K850i Sony Ericsson M600i Sony Ericsson Mix Walkman Sony Ericsson P800 Sony Ericsson P900 Sony Ericsson P910 Sony Ericsson P990i Sony Ericsson R300 Antique Copper Sony Ericsson R306a Sony Ericsson S312 Dawn Blue Sony Ericsson S500 Sony Ericsson S700I Sony Ericsson S710A Sony Ericsson T106 Sony Ericsson T200 Sony Ericsson T206 Sony Ericsson T226 Sony Ericsson T237 Sony Ericsson T280a Sony Ericsson T290 Sony Ericsson T300 Sony Ericsson T306 Sony Ericsson T310 Sony Ericsson T316 Sony Ericsson T600 Sony Ericsson T606 Sony Ericsson T608 Sony Ericsson T610 Sony Ericsson T610 Sony Ericsson T616 Sony Ericsson T61C Sony Ericsson T61D / T61LX Sony Ericsson T61Z Sony Ericsson T62U Sony Ericsson T630 Sony Ericsson T637 Sony Ericsson T68I Sony Ericsson T700 Sony Ericsson T707 Mysterious Black Sony Ericsson TM506 Sony Ericsson txt pro Sony Ericsson V800 Sony Ericsson W200 Sony Ericsson W300i Sony Ericsson W302 White Sony Ericsson W380a electric purple Sony Ericsson W395 Blush Titanium Sony Ericsson W508 Sony Ericsson W580i White Sony Ericsson W595 Sony Ericsson W600i Sony Ericsson W610 Sony Ericsson W705 Sony Ericsson W710i Sony Ericsson W715 Sony Ericsson W760 Black Sony Ericsson W800i Sony Ericsson W810 Sony Ericsson W850 Sony Ericsson w850i Sony Ericsson W890i Black Sony Ericsson W900i White Sony Ericsson W902 Sony Ericsson W910 Black Sony Ericsson W950 Sony Ericsson W980 Sony Ericsson W995 Progressive Black Sony Ericsson Xperia Arc Misty Silver Sony Ericsson Xperia PLAY Sony Ericsson Xperia X10 Mini Sony Ericsson Xperia X10 Mini Pro Sony Ericsson Xperia X2 Sony Ericsson XPERIA-X1 Sony Ericsson Z200 Sony Ericsson Z300a Sony Ericsson Z310a Jet Black Sony Ericsson Z500 / Z500a Sony Ericsson Z520a Sony Ericsson Z525a Sony Ericsson Z550a Sterling Sony Ericsson Z555a Black Sony Ericsson Z600 Sony Ericsson Z610 Airy Blue Sony Ericsson Z780 Sony Ericsson Z780 Grand Onyx Sony SmartWatch 3 Sony Xperia acro S Black Sony Xperia E3 Sony Xperia E4 Sony Xperia L Red Sony Xperia M Yellow Sony Xperia M4 Aqua Sony Xperia P Sony Xperia PLAY 4G Sony Xperia S Sony Xperia SP Sony Xperia SP White Sony Xperia T3 LTE Sony Xperia Tablet Z Sony Xperia tipo dual Classic Black Sony Xperia tipo Serene Black Sony Xperia TL Sony Xperia U Sony Xperia X Sony Xperia X Performance Sony Xperia X10 Sony Xperia XA Sony Xperia XA Ultra Sony Xperia XT Sony Xperia Z Sony Xperia Z Ultra Sony Xperia Z1 Sony Xperia Z1 Compact Sony Xperia Z1S Sony Xperia Z2 Sony Xperia Z2 Sony Xperia Z2 tablet Sony Xperia Z3 Sony Xperia Z3 Compact Sony Xperia Z3+ Sony Xperia Z3v Sony Xperia Z3v White Sony Xperia Z4 Sony Xperia Z4 Tablet Sony Xperia Z4v Sony Xperia Z5 Sony Xperia Z5 Compact Sony Xperia Z5 Premium Sony Z Ultra Google Play edition SpareOne Emergency Phone Spectrum 2 by LG Spectrum by LG Sprint 3G/4G Plug-in Connect USB Sprint Flash Sprint Force Sprint LivePro Sprint Phone Connect 2 Sprint Plug-in-Connect Trimode Sprint Pocket WiFi Sprint PPC 6700 Sprint Vital Sprint WeGo T-Mobile 4G LTE HotSpot Z915 T-Mobile 4G Mobile Hotspot T-Mobile 665 T-Mobile 665 Navy Blue T-Mobile 768 T-Mobile Comet T-Mobile Concord T-Mobile Concord T-Mobile Concord II T-Mobile Dash T-Mobile G-Slate with Google T-Mobile G2 T-Mobile G2x T-Mobile Jet 2.0 4G Stick T-Mobile MDA T-Mobile myTouch T-Mobile myTouch 4G T-Mobile myTouch 4G Slide T-Mobile myTouch Q T-Mobile Prism T-Mobile Prism II T-Mobile Rocket 3.0 4G Laptop T-Mobile SDA T-Mobile Sidekick 3 T-Mobile Sidekick iD T-Mobile Sidekick II T-Mobile Sonic 2.0 Mobile Hotspot T-Mobile Sonic 4G T-Mobile Sparq T-Mobile Sparq T-Mobile Wing Telson TDC-8100 Toshiba CDM-9950 / VM4050 Toshiba Excite 10 LE Toshiba Excite Pro Toshiba Excite Pure Toshiba Excite Write Toshiba TG01 Toshiba Thrive 16GB Toshiba VM-4050 Turing Phone UNIMAX MAXBravo UNIMAX MAXPatriot Unimax MXE-675 Unimax U671C Black UT Starcom PC-5740 UTStarcom 5740-PC-Card UTStarcom Arc-CDM-8074 UTStarcom Blitz UTStarcom Casio-G'zOne-Type-S UTStarcom CDM-220 UTStarcom CDM-7025 UTStarcom CDM-7026 UTStarcom CDM-7075 UTStarcom CDM-7126 UTStarcom CDM-8945 UTStarcom Coupe UTStarcom G'zOne UTStarcom Knick UTStarcom PC5750 PCMCIA PC Broadband Card UTStarcom PC5750-PC-Card UTStarcom PCS-1450 / CDM-1450 UTStarcom Quickfire Gray UTStarcom Shuttle UTStarcom Slice-PCS-1400 UTStarcom UM150-USB-Modem UTStarcom UM175 USB Velocity Micro Cruz 10 inch 4GB Black Velocity Micro Cruz 7 inch 4GB Black Velocity Micro Cruz T510 10 inch Verizon 4G LTE Broadband Router with Voice Verizon 4G LTE MiFi 4510L Verizon 4G LTE USB Modem 551L Verizon 4G LTE USB Modem UML295 Verizon Adamant Verizon Ellipsis 8 Verizon Ellipsis Jetpack MHS800L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot - MiFi MHS291L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot MHS291L Verizon Jetpack MiFi 4620LE 4G LTE Verizon Jetpack MiFi 5510L 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot Verizon Jetpack MiFi 6620L Verizon Wireless 4G LTE USB Modem 551L Verizon Wireless Ellipsis Black 7 Inch Verizon Wireless Fivespot Global Ready 3G Mobile Hotspot Verizon Wireless Home Phone Connect Verizon Wireless Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot MiFi 5510L Verizon Wireless Turbine 7.0 Verizon Wireless USB551L Virgin Mobile Awe Visual Land Prestige 7Q Black Vizio VIA Phone Vizio VIA Tablet VK Mobile Kickflip vtech A700 Wikipad 7 inch tablet Windows Phone 8S Windows Phone 8X Xiaomi Mi 3 Xiaomi Mi 4i Xiaomi Redmi 2 Xperia ion by Sony YotaPhone 2 Zenum International Mobile Hotspot ZTE 4G LTE Router with Voice ZTE Agent ZTE Allstar ZTE Anthem 4G ZTE Anthem 4G ZTE Aspect ZTE AT&T Home Phone Connect ZTE Atrium ZTE Avail ZTE Avail 2 ZTE Avid 4G ZTE Avid 4G ZTE Avid Plus ZTE AWE ZTE Axon 7 ZTE Axon Pro ZTE Boost Max+ ZTE C78 ZTE C79 ZTE Chorus ZTE Citrine ZTE Compel ZTE Compel Black ZTE Concord II ZTE Director ZTE Engage ZTE Engage LT ZTE Flash ZTE Force ZTE Fury ZTE Grand S ZTE Grand S II ZTE Grand S Pro ZTE Grand S3 ZTE Grand X 3 ZTE Grand X Max+ ZTE Groove Black ZTE Illustra ZTE Imperial ZTE Jetpack ZTE Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot EuFi890 ZTE Lever ZTE LivePro ZTE Majesty ZTE Maven ZTE Maven 2 ZTE Max Duo ZTE Memo ZTE Merit ZTE Midnight ZTE MSGM8 II ZTE Mustang ZTE Mustang ZTE Nubia 5S Mini ZTE Nubia Z11 ZTE Nubia Z5 ZTE Obsidian ZTE Optik ZTE Optik ZTE Overture ZTE Overture 2 ZTE Paragon ZTE Prelude ZTE Prestige ZTE Quartz ZTE Rapido LTE ZTE Reef ZTE Salute ZTE Savvy ZTE Scend ZTE Score ZTE Score M ZTE Solar ZTE Sonata 4G White ZTE Source Black ZTE Speed ZTE Stratos ZTE Supreme ZTE Supreme ZTE Tempo ZTE Unico LTE ZTE Unite ZTE Valet ZTE Velocity ZTE Vital ZTE Warp ZTE Warp 7 ZTE Warp Elite ZTE Warp Sequent ZTE Warp Sync ZTE Warp Sync ZTE Whirl ZTE Whirl 2 ZTE Whirl 2 Black ZTE Z221 Black ZTE Z222 ZTE Z331 Black ZTE Z431 Black ZTE Z432 ZTE Z432 Black ZTE Z667 ZTE Z768 Midnight Blue ZTE Z990 ZTE Z992 Black ZTE Zephyr ZTE Zinger ZTE ZMAX ZTE ZMAX 2 ZTE ZMax Pro ALLTEL U Prepaid Pay-per-day cell phone plan details ALLTEL U Prepaid Pay-per-minute cell phone plan details ALLTEL U Prepaid pay-per-month 200 cell phone plan details ALLTEL U Prepaid pay-per-month 400 cell phone plan details ALLTEL U Prepaid Pay-per-month 700 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Family Choice Plan cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 1000 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 1200 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 1600 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 2200 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 4500 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 6500 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 700 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless My Circle Family Choice Plus 1000 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless My Circle Family Choice Plus 2000 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless MyCircle Family Choice Premier 2200 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless MyCircle Smart Choice 500 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 1400 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 2100 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 4000 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 500 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 6000 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 750 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 900 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom Unlimited cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Smart Choice Pack 1200 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Smart Choice Pack 2000 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Smart Choice Pack 500 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Smart Choice Pack 5500 cell phone plan details amp'd $100 National 3000 cell phone plan details amp'd $150 National Unlimited cell phone plan details amp'd $30 National 500 cell phone plan details amp'd $70 National 1500 cell phone plan details amp'd End The Boredom cell phone plan details amp'd Unlimited Forever Overdose cell phone plan details amp'd Unlimited Forever Overload cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 200 MB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 250MB 2YR cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 250MB for 4G LTE Tablets cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 3GB 2YR cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 3GB for 4G LTE Tablets cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 3GB for Tablets cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 5GB 2YR cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 5GB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 5GB for 4G cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 5GB for 4G LTE cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 5GB for 4G LTE Tablets cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for 3GB for Tablets cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for iPad 250MB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for iPad 3GB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for iPad 5GB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for Tablets 250MB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for Tablets 3GB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for Tablets 5GB cell phone plan details AT&T DataPlus 300MB for BlackBerry cell phone plan details AT&T DataPlus 300MB for BlackBerry for 4G cell phone plan details AT&T DataPlus 300MB for iPhone 4S cell phone plan details AT&T DataPlus 300MB for iPhone cell phone plan details AT&T DataPlus 300MB for Smartphones 4G cell phone plan details AT&T DataPlus 300MB for Smartphones cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 3GB for BlackBerry cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 3GB for BlackBerry for 4G cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 3GB for iPhone 4S cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 3GB for iPhone cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 3GB for Smartphones 4G cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 3GB for Smartphones cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 5GB for BlackBerry for 4G Tethering cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 5GB for BlackBerry Tethering cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 5GB for iPhone 4S Personal Hotspot cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 5GB for iPhone Personal Hotspot cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 5GB for Smartphones 4G Tethering cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 5GB for Smartphones Tethering cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone $2 Daily Unlimited cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone $25 Monthly cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone $30 Monthly Plan for Smartphones AT&T GoPhone $35 Monthly cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone $40 Monthly Plan for Smartphones AT&T GoPhone $45 Monthly cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone $45 Smartphone Monthly Plan with Data AT&T GoPhone $60 Smartphone Monthly Plan with Data AT&T GoPhone 10¢ per Minute cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone 250MB of data for tablets cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone 3GB of data for tablets cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone 5GB of data for tablets cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone Smartphone $2 day Unlimited Talk and Text cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone Smartphone 10¢ per minute cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share 10GB AT&T Mobile Share 15GB AT&T Mobile Share 2GB AT&T Mobile Share 300MB AT&T Mobile Share 50GB AT&T Mobile Share 6GB AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (10GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (15GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (1GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (20GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (2GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (300MB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (30GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (40GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (4GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (50GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (6GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 100GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 10GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 16GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 1GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 25GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 30GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 3GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 40GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 50GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 60GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 6GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 80GB AT&T Mobile Share Data 20GB cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Data 40GB cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Data 4GB cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value 10GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 15GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 1GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 20GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 25GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 2GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 300MB AT&T Mobile Share Value 30GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 3GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 40GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 50GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 5GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 60GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 6GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 7GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 8GB AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Basic or Messaging 10GB-50GB plans cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Basic or Messaging 300MB-6GB plans cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Broadband cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Smartphone No annual service contract 10GB-50GB plans cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Smartphone No annual service contract 300MB-6GB plans cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Smartphone Two-year agreement 10GB-50GB plans cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Smartphone Two-year agreement 300MB-6GB plans cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Tablet cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Wireless Home Phone cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share with Unlimited Talk & Text 1GB cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share with Unlimited Talk & Text 8GB cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 1350 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 2000 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 4000 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 450 w/ Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 450 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 6000 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 900 w/ Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 900 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family 1400 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family 2100 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family 3000 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family 4000 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family 6000 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family 700 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family Talk Additional Line $49.99 cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family Talk Additional Line $9.99 cell phone plan details AT&T Nation FamilyTalk 1400 w/ Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation FamilyTalk 2100 w/ Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation FamilyTalk 550 w/ Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation FamilyTalk 700 w/ Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation FamilyTalk Unlimited cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Unlimited cell phone plan details AT&T Nation with Canada FamilyTalk 1400 - NWCFT1400 - Additional Line cell phone plan details AT&T Nation with Canada FamilyTalk 2100 - NWCFT2100 - Additional Line cell phone plan details AT&T Nation with Canada FamilyTalk 3000 - NWCFT3000 - Additional Line cell phone plan details AT&T Nation with Canada FamilyTalk 4000 - NWCFT4000 - Additional Line cell phone plan details AT&T Nation with Canada FamilyTalk 6000 - NWCFT6000 - Additional Line cell phone plan details AT&T Nation with Canada FamilyTalk 700 - NWCFT700 - Additional Line cell phone plan details AT&T Senior Nation 200 cell phone plan details AT&T Unlimited Data with DIRECTV AT&T Unlimited Home Phone Calling cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico 1350 and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico 1400 FamilyTalk cell phone plan details | PhoneDog AT&T Viva Mexico 2000 and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico 2100 FamilyTalk cell phone plan details | PhoneDog AT&T Viva Mexico 3000 FamilyTalk cell phone plan details | PhoneDog AT&T Viva Mexico 4000 and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico 4000 FamilyTalk cell phone plan details | PhoneDog AT&T Viva Mexico 450 and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico 6000 and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico 6000 FamilyTalk cell phone plan details | PhoneDog AT&T Viva Mexico 700 FamilyTalk cell phone plan details | PhoneDog AT&T Viva Mexico 900 and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico Additional Line cell phone plan details | PhoneDog BOOM! Mobile Unlimited Talk & Text 250MB BOOM! Mobile Unlimited Talk & Text 2GB BOOM! Mobile Unlimited Talk & Text 5GB Boost Mobile $35 Data Boost Plan cell phone plan details Boost Mobile $45 Data Boost Plan cell phone plan details Boost Mobile $50 Monthly Unlimited cell phone plan details Boost Mobile $55 Data Boost Plan cell phone plan details Boost Mobile $55 Monthly Unlimited cell phone plan details Boost Mobile BlackBerry Daily Unlimited $3 cell phone plan details Boost Mobile BlackBerry Monthly Unlimited cell phone plan details Boost Mobile Daily Unlimited $2 cell phone plan details Boost Mobile Daily Unlimited $3 cell phone plan details Boost Mobile Data Boost Boost Mobile Family Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited Plan with Shrinking Payments Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited Select Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited with Growing Data Boost Mobile Pay As You Go Phone 20¢ per minute cell phone plan details Boost Mobile Unlimited Starter Boost Mobile Unlimited Unhook'd Cellular One Local 3000 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 1000 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 1500 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 1600 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 2200 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 4000 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 500 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 6000 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 9000 cell phone plan details Cellular One National Workday cell phone plan details Cellular One Regional 2600 cell phone plan details Cellular One Statewide 400 cell phone plan details Cellular One Stop Counting Minutes - National Anytime cell phone plan details Cellular One Stop Counting Minutes - Statewide cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Nation 1400 cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Nation 1800 cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Nation 400 cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Nation 800 cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Region 1000 cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Region 1500 cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Region 600 cell phone plan details CREDO Mobile 10GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 15GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 1GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 2GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 3GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 4GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 6GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 8GB Shared Data Plan Cricket $25 Talk & Text cell phone plan details Cricket $40 Basic Plan or $35 after Auto Pay credit cell phone plan details Cricket $50 Smart plan or $45 after Auto Pay credit cell phone plan details Cricket $60 Pro plan or $55 after Auto Pay credit cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Alpha $30 monthly cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Battalion $160 4 member family plan cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Bravo $35 monthly cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Brigade $240 6 member family plan cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Charlie $45 monthly cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Delta $60 monthly cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Platoon $145 3 member family plan cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Regiment $195 5 member family plan cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Squad $110 2 member family plan cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Xray $80 monthly cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Yankee $100 monthly cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Zulu $110 monthly cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalCarryover 1000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalCarryover 1200 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalCarryover 1500 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalCarryover 800 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 10000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 1100 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 1500 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 2000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 3000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 3500 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 6000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 800 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalCarryover 1000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalCarryover 1250 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalCarryover 600 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalCarryover 800 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalEdge 1300 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalEdge 2000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalEdge 3000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalEdge 450 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalEdge 750 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalEdge 900 cell phone plan details Einstein Basic cell phone plan details Einstein Extreme cell phone plan details Einstein Plus cell phone plan details Einstein Value cell phone plan details Einstein Wisconsin 1000 cell phone plan details Einstein Wisconsin 500 cell phone plan details FreedomPop Unlimited Talk & Text 1GB FreedomPop Unlimited Talk & Text 500MB GIV Mobile The 20 Plan GIV Mobile The 25 Plan GIV Mobile The 30 Plan GIV Mobile The 40 Plan GIV Mobile The 60 Plan Liberty Wireless 10 Cents A Minute Flat Rate cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless Anytime 2000 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless Anytime 800 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless My TopTwo Anytime 800 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless My TopTwo Unlimited N&W 350 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless Nights & Weekends 200 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless Nights & Weekends 350 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless Nights & Weekends 650 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless True Liberty cell phone plan details MetroPCS $40 Unlimited Data, Talk and Text cell phone plan details MetroPCS $45 Unlimited cell phone plan details MetroPCS $50 Unlimited Data, Talk and Text cell phone plan details MetroPCS $60 Unlimited Talk, Text and Data MetroPCS Additional Lines 3-5 for the $40 plan cell phone plan details MetroPCS Additional Lines 3-5 for the $50 plan cell phone plan details MetroPCS Additional Lines 3-5 for the $60 plan cell phone plan details Net10 $35 Unlimited Talk and Text cell phone plan details Net10 $40 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data cell phone plan details Net10 $60 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data cell phone plan details Net10 $65 Unlimited International Talk, Text, Data cell phone plan details Net10 $75 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data cell phone plan details Net10 1000 Minutes 30 Day Monthly Plan cell phone plan details Net10 200 Minutes 30 Day Monthly Plan cell phone plan details Net10 500 Minutes 30 Day Monthly Plan cell phone plan details Net10 Family Plan Four People cell phone plan details Net10 Family Plan Three People cell phone plan details Net10 Family Plan Two People cell phone plan details Net10 Unlimited International Talk, Text, Data 30 Day Monthly Plan cell phone plan details Net10 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data Net10 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data Family (2+ Lines) Net10 Wireless Home Phone Unlimited Nationwide calling cell phone plan details Net10 Wireless Home Phone Unlimited Nationwide plus International calling cell phone plan details NTelos $39.99 Unlimited Regional cell phone plan details NTelos $49.99 Unlimited Regional cell phone plan details NTelos $59.99 Unlimited Regional cell phone plan details NTelos $69.99 Unlimited Regional cell phone plan details NTelos $99.99 Unlimited Regional cell phone plan details NTelos Nation - $29.99 cell phone plan details NTelos Nation - $39.99 cell phone plan details NTelos Nation - $49.99 cell phone plan details NTelos Nation - $59.99 cell phone plan details NTelos Nation - $79.99 cell phone plan details NTelos Nation - $99.99 cell phone plan details NTelos NTELOS HomeFree Region - $55.99 cell phone plan details NTelos NTELOS HomeFree Region - $75.99 cell phone plan details Opex Wireless Nationwide 100 cell phone plan details Opex Wireless On-The-Fly cell phone plan details Pix Wireless $10 CDMA Pay GO Pix Wireless $10 GSM Pay GO Pix Wireless $12 CDMA Weekly Pix Wireless $12 GSM Weekly Pix Wireless $15 CDMA Weekly Pix Wireless $15 GSM Weekly Pix Wireless $20 CDMA Monthly Pix Wireless $20 CDMA Pay GO Pix Wireless $20 GSM Blue Pix Wireless $20 GSM Pay GO Pix Wireless $25 CDMA Monthly Pix Wireless $25 GSM Blue Pix Wireless $30 CDMA Monthly Pix Wireless $30 CDMA Pay GO Pix Wireless $30 GSM Blue Pix Wireless $30 GSM Pay GO Pix Wireless $35 GSM Blue Pix Wireless $40 CDMA Monthly Pix Wireless $40 GSM Blue Pix Wireless $50 CDMA Pay GO Pix Wireless $50 GSM Blue Pix Wireless $50 GSM Pay GO Pix Wireless $55 CDMA Monthly Pix Wireless $65 CDMA Monthly Pix Wireless $75 CDMA Pay GO Pix Wireless $75 GSM Pay GO Pix Wireless $9 CDMA Weekly Pix Wireless $9 GSM Weekly Qwest Wireless Cross Country 1000 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 1500 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 200 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 2000 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 2500 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 3000 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 500 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 750 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 1000 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 1500 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 200 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 2000 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 2500 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 3000 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 500 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 750 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Unlimited cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract $55 Mexico Plan cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract $55 Smartphone Plan cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract $65 Global Plan cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract Feature Plan $25 cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract Feature Plan $35 cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract Muve Music Plan $50 cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract Muve Music Plan $60 cell phone plan details Republic Refund Plan with 0.5 GB Republic Refund Plan with 1 GB Republic Refund Plan with 2 GB Republic Refund Plan with 3 GB Republic Refund Plan with 4 GB Republic Refund Plan with 5 GB Republic Wireless $10 Plan Republic Wireless $25 Plan Republic Wireless $40 Plan Republic Wireless $5 Plan (WiFi Only) Republic Wireless Base Plan Republic Wireless Clear Choice Republic Wireless Unlimited Talk & Text 10GB Data Republic Wireless Unlimited Talk & Text 1GB Data Republic Wireless Unlimited Talk & Text 2GB Data Republic Wireless Unlimited Talk & Text 4GB Data Republic Wireless Unlimited Talk & Text 6GB Data ROK Mobile Ultimate Unlimited Scratch Wireless Free Plan Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $1.99 Voice Pass Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $14.99 Voice Pass Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $6.99 Voice Pass Solavei Prepaid Unlimited SpeedTalk Mobile PayGo $10 SpeedTalk Mobile PayGo $100 SpeedTalk Mobile PayGo $25 SpeedTalk Mobile PayGo $5 SpeedTalk Mobile PayGo $50 SpeedTalk Mobile Special $15 SpeedTalk Mobile Special $18 SpeedTalk Mobile Special $5 SpeedTalk Mobile Special $80 SpeedTalk Mobile Special $9 Sprint 100MB Tablet plan cell phone plan details Sprint 12GB Tablet plan cell phone plan details Sprint 1GB Tablet plan cell phone plan details Sprint 3G or 4G Mobile Broadband Connection 12GB cell phone plan details Sprint 3G or 4G Mobile Broadband Connection 6GB cell phone plan details Sprint 3G or 4G Mobile Hotspot Connection 3GB cell phone plan details Sprint 3GB Tablet plan cell phone plan details Sprint 6GB Tablet plan cell phone plan details Sprint All-In Wireless Smartphone + Unlimited Sprint Basic Plan cell phone plan details Sprint Better Choice L Sprint Better Choice M Sprint Better Choice S Sprint Better Choice XL Sprint Better Choice XS Sprint Better Choice XXL Sprint Family Share Pack 10GB Sprint Family Share Pack 12GB Sprint Family Share Pack 16GB Sprint Family Share Pack 1GB Sprint Family Share Pack 20GB Sprint Family Share Pack 2GB Sprint Family Share Pack 32GB Sprint Family Share Pack 40GB Sprint Family Share Pack 4GB Sprint Family Share Pack 60GB Sprint Family Share Pack 8GB Sprint Family Share Pack Additional Line $15 per non-discounted phone 20BB-60GB options cell phone plan details Sprint Family Share Pack Additional Line $25 per non-discounted phone 600MB-16GB options cell phone plan details Sprint Family Share Pack Additional Line $40 per discounted phone all data options cell phone plan details Sprint Family Share Pack Mobile Broadband $20 per non-discounted all data options cell phone plan details Sprint Family Share Pack Tablet $10 per non-discounted all data options cell phone plan details Sprint My All-in cell phone plan details Sprint Phone Connect cell phone plan details Sprint Premium Data add-on cell phone plan details Sprint PrePaid $35 unlimited talk & text with 1GB data cell phone plan details Sprint PrePaid $45 unlimited talk & text with 3GB data cell phone plan details Sprint PrePaid $55 unlimited talk & text with 6GB data cell phone plan details Sprint Prepaid $60 Unlimited Talk, Text & Data Sprint Prepaid Unlimited Data, Talk & Text Sprint Simply Unlimited Plan for iPhone 6 & iPhone 6 Plus Sprint Unlimited Freedom Sprint Unlimited Freedom Premium Sprint Unlimited My Way cell phone plan details Sprint Unlimited My Way Family cell phone plan details Sprint Unlimited Single Line Sprint Unlimited Talk, Text & High Speed Data Straight Talk All You Need Straight Talk Unlimited Straight Talk Unlimited Plus International SunCom now T-Mobile America 1200 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile America 1800 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile America 2300 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile America 300 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile America 800 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile America Unlimited cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile Regional 1250 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile Regional 2500 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile Regional 500 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile Regional UnPlan cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile SunCom NEW cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile UnPlan Tri-Cities 2000 cell phone plan details SureWest Local Value - 2yr. - $29.00 cell phone plan details SureWest Unlimited - 2yr. - $33.00 cell phone plan details SureWest Unlimited California - 1yr. - $45.00 cell phone plan details SureWest Unlimited California - 2yr. - $39.00 cell phone plan details SureWest Unlimited USA - 1yr. - $49.00 cell phone plan details SureWest Unlimited USA - 2yr. - $44.00 cell phone plan details T-Mobile Additional Line Simple Choice 2.5GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Additional Line Simple Choice 500MB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Additional Line Simple Choice Unlimited cell phone plan details T-Mobile Old Family plan cell phone plan details T-Mobile ONE T-Mobile ONE Plus T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 10.5GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 12GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 2.5GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 4.5GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 500MB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 6.5GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 8.5GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Pay As You Go T-Mobile PrePaid 1000 Whenever minutes $100 cell phone plan details T-Mobile PrePaid 1500 Talk & Text (with 30MB of data) cell phone plan details T-Mobile PrePaid Unlimited Talk, Text and High Speed Internet (first 5GB at up to 4G speeds) cell phone plan details T-Mobile PrePaid Unlimited Talk, Text and Web (first 100 MB up to 4G speeds) cell phone plan details T-Mobile PrePaid Unlimited Text and 10¢/minute cell phone plan details T-Mobile PrePaid Unlimited Text and 10¢/minute cell phone plan details T-Mobile Simple Choice T-Mobile Simple Choice 1GB 4G LTE Data plan cell phone plan details T-Mobile Simple Choice 2.5GB Family cell phone plan details T-Mobile Simple Choice 500MB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Simple Choice 500MB Family cell phone plan details T-Mobile Simple Choice No Credit Check T-Mobile Simple Choice Prepaid T-Mobile Simple Choice Unlimited Family cell phone plan details T-Mobile Simple Starter Plan T-Mobile Simply Prepaid T-Mobile Unlimited Family T-Mobile Unlimited Family T-Mobile Unlimited Talk and Text T-Mobile Unlimited Web and Text Telcel America 30 Days Basic International $29 cell phone plan details Telcel America 30 Days Plus Plan Unlimited $60 cell phone plan details Telcel America 30 Days Unlimited International Service $40 cell phone plan details Telcel America 30 Days Unlimited International Service $50 cell phone plan details Telcel America 7 Days Unlimited Plus Plan $20 cell phone plan details Tello $10 Pay As You Go Tello $10 Talk & Text Tello $10 Talk Only Tello $10 Talk-Text-Data Tello $11 Data Only Tello $12 Talk-Text-Data Tello $13 Talk-Text-Data Tello $14 Talk-Text-Data Tello $16 Talk-Text-500MB Tello $16 Talk-Text-Data Tello $17 Talk-Text-Data Tello $18 Talk-Text-1GB Tello $18 Talk-Text-Data Tello $19 Talk-Text-Data Tello $20 Pay As You Go Tello $20 Talk-Text-Data Tello $21 Data Only Tello $21 Talk-Text-1GB Tello $21 Talk-Text-Data Tello $24 Talk-Text-Data Tello $27 Talk-Text-Data Tello $45 Data Only Tello $5 Pay As You Go Tello $5 Talk & Text Tello $5 Talk Only Tello $50 Pay As You Go Tello $6 Talk & Text Tello $7 Talk Only Tello $8 Talk & Text Tello $9 Talk-Text-Data Tello Unlimited Talk & Text Tello Unlimited Talk & Text 1GB Tello Unlimited Talk & Text 200MB Tello Unlimited Talk & Text 2GB Tello Unlimited Talk Only TextNow Wireless Grande Plan TextNow Wireless Quattro Plan TextNow Wireless Tall Plan TextNow Wireless Venti Plan The Verizon Plan - 100GB The Verizon Plan - 12GB The Verizon Plan - 20GB The Verizon Plan - 25GB The Verizon Plan - 30GB The Verizon Plan - 40GB The Verizon Plan - 50GB The Verizon Plan - 60GB The Verizon Plan - 80GB The Verizon Plan - L The Verizon Plan - M The Verizon Plan - S The Verizon Plan - XL The Verizon Plan - XXL Ting L Plan Ting M Plan Ting S Plan Ting XL Plan TPO Goodness to Go Big TPO Goodness to Go Low TPO Goodness to Go Mega TPO Goodness to Go More TPO Goodness to Go Plus TPO Goodness to Go Pro TPO Infinity TPO Unlimited Goodness Caring TPO Unlimited Goodness Global TPO Unlimited Goodness Gracious TPO Unlimited Goodness Hero TPO Unlimited Goodness Kind TPO Unlimited Goodness Noble TPO Unlimited Goodness North America TPO Unlimited Goodness People's TPO Unlimited Monthly Goodness 30 TPO Unlimited Monthly Goodness 40 TPO Unlimited Monthly Goodness 50 TPO Unlimited Monthly Goodness 65 Tracfone $19.99 plan - 60 units cell phone plan details Tracfone $29.99 plan - 120 units cell phone plan details TracFone 120 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan Tracfone 125 Value Plan cell phone plan details TracFone 200 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan Tracfone 200 Value Plan cell phone plan details TracFone 450 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan Tracfone 50 Family Value Plan cell phone plan details Tracfone 50 Value Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 10GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 10GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 12GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 12GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 14GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 14GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 16GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 16GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 18GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 18GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 1GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 1GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 20GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 20GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 2GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 2GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 300MB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 300MB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 30GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 30GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 3GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 40GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 40GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 4GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 4GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 50GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 50GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 6GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 6GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 75GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 8GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 8GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Family Talk & Text Additional Line cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Family Talk 1000 & Unlimited Text Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Prepaid Simple Connect 2GB Data, Unlimited Talk & Text cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Prepaid Simple Connect 500MB Data, Unlimited Talk & Text cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Prepaid Simple Connect Unlimited Data for Basic Phones cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Prepaid Talk Only Pay-As-You-Go-Minutes cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Prepaid Unlimited Data, Talk & Text cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Basic Phone cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Home Phone cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Mobile Hotspot cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Smartphone cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Tablet cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Vehicle Monitoring cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Wireless Modem cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Talk 450 & Unlimited Text Plan cell phone plan details US Mobile 100 Mins Talk US Mobile 1500 Mins Talk US Mobile 250 Mins Talk US Mobile 5000 Mins Talk US Mobile 750 Mins Talk Verizon 100GB More Everything Verizon 10GB More Everything Verizon 14GB More Everything Verizon 15GB More Everything Verizon 16GB More Everything Verizon 20GB More Everything Verizon 2GB More Everything Verizon 30GB More Everything Verizon 40GB More Everything Verizon 4GB More Everything Verizon 500MB More Everything Verizon 50GB More Everything Verizon 60GB More Everything Verizon 80GB More Everything Verizon 8GB More Everything Verizon Prepaid Smartphone Plan Verizon Wireless $60 Single Line Plan cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless 150 MB Email & Web for BlackBerry cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless 150 MB Email & Web for Smartphones cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless 25 MB Data & Web with Mobile Email cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Basic 700 Minutes cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Basic cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Broadband cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Camera cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line plus Canada Family cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Smartphone cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Tablets cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Talk and Text Family cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Talk and Text Unlimited Family cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Talk Family cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Talk Unlimited Family cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Data Only 10GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Data Only 8GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Home Phone Connect cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband 10 GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband 5 GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband for iPad 2 10GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband for iPad 2 2GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband for iPad 2 5GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband for Tablets 10GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband for Tablets 2GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband for Tablets 5GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless More Everything Basic 700 Minutes cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless More Everything Basic Unlimited cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless More Everything Tablet Plan cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless More Everything USB Modem or Jetpack Plan cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide 65 Plus cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide 65 Plus Two-Line SharePlan cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Messaging Unlimited cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada 1350 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada 2000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada 4000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada 450 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada 6000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada 900 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada Family SharePlan 1400 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada Family SharePlan 2000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada Family SharePlan 3000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada Family SharePlan 4000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada Family SharePlan 6000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada Family SharePlan 700 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Premium Family SharePlan 6000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk 900 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text 450 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text 900 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text Family SharePlan 1400 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text Family SharePlan 2000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text Family SharePlan 700 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text Family SharePlan Unlimited cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text Unlimited cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk Family SharePlan 1400 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk Family SharePlan 2000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk Family SharePlan 700 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk Family SharePlan Unlimited cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk Unlimited cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Unlimited Push-To-Talk cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $0.00 Daily cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $0.99 Daily cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $1.99 Daily cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $15 for 250 MB of data weekly cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $35 ALLSET Plan (Basic Phones) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $45 ALLSET Plan (Basic Phones) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $60 for 3 GB of data monthly cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $60 Monthly Unlimited Talk, Text, and 2GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $70 Monthly Unlimited Talk, Text, and 4GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $90 for 10 GB of data monthly cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid 3G Monthly 450 (Smartphones and BlackBerrys) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid 3G Monthly 900 (Smartphones and BlackBerrys) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid 3G Monthly Talk and Text 450 (Smartphones and BlackBerrys) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid 3G Monthly Talk and Text 900 (Smartphones and BlackBerrys) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid 3G Monthly Talk and Text Unlimited (Smartphones and BlackBerrys) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid 3G Monthly Unlimited (Smartphones and BlackBerrys) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid Verizon Prepaid cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid Verizon PrePaid cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Smartphone Single Line Plan Verizon Wireless Smartphone Unlimited Corporate Email & Web cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Unlimited Corporate Email & Web for BlackBerry cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Unlimited Corporate Email & Web for Smartphones cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Unlimited Data & Web with Mobile Email cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Unlimited Email & Web for BlackBerry cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Unlimited Email & Web for Smartphones cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Beyond Talk BlackBerry $50 cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Beyond Talk for BlackBerry $35 cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Beyond Talk for BlackBerry $70 cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Broadband2Go $25 cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Broadband2Go $55 cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Broadband2Go 100 MB for 10 days cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Data Love Virgin Mobile payLo 1500 Talk & Text Virgin Mobile payLo 400 Minutes Virgin Mobile payLo Basic Rate cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile payLo Unlimited Talk & Text Virgin Mobile Unlimited + International + Extra Virgin Mobile Unlimited + More Data Virgin Mobile Unlimited Data & Text Plus 300 minutes cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Unlimited Data, Talk, & Text cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Unlimited Everything + International Virgin Mobile Unlimited Everything plus International cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Unlimited plus International plus Extra cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Virgin mobile #5 cell phone plan details Number of Lines: - Any - 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 Minutes: Unlimited Messages: 500 Data: Select the amount of total data you need for the entire plan. For example, if you need 2 lines with 1 GB of data each, you would select 2 GB of data with the data slider below. - Any -05KB50MB30MB100MB125MB150MB200MB250MB300MB375MB400MB500MB600MB625MB700MB800MB900MB938MB1GB1.5GB2GB2.5GB3GB4GB5GB6GB7GB8GB10GB12GB14GB15GB16GB18GB20GB24GB25GB30GB32GB35GB40GB50GB60GB80GB100GB120GBUnlimited - Plans Featured Alcatel Idol 4S with Windows 10 Unboxing and First Impressions Beau Hamilton 6 days 7 hours ago 7 shares 4 3 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 LeEco Le Pro3 Unboxing and First Impressions Beau Hamilton 1 week 3 days ago iPhone 7 Review: One Month Later! Marco Hanna 2 weeks 19 hours ago 10 shares 6 2 0 1 0 0 0 1 0 MacBook Pro (13-inch 2016) Unboxing! Marco Hanna 2 weeks 2 days ago 10 shares 6 2 0 2 0 0 0 0 0 More Featured Articles Official Smartphone Rankings People's Choice Expert's Choice HTC 10 19 Votes Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote × Samsung Galaxy S7 edge 8 Votes Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote × Huawei Nexus 6P 8 Votes Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote × Samsung Galaxy Note 5 7 Votes Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote × LG G5 6 Votes Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote × Apple iPhone 7 Plus 1 Votes Apple iPhone 7 1 Votes HTC 10 19 Votes More People's Choice Latest Videos LG G5 Review: Two Months Later 12 shares 2 3 0 1 0 0 3 1 2 Battle of the Flagships: Design 27 shares 18 7 0 0 0 0 1 0 1 HTC 10 Challenge: The Best Built Smartphone? 18 shares 6 2 0 7 0 0 1 0 2 More Videos This Week's "People's Choice Rankings" Best Smartphone   HTC 10 Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote ×   Samsung Galaxy S7 edge Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote ×   Huawei Nexus 6P Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote ×   Samsung Galaxy Note 5 Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote ×   LG G5 Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote × Recent news from our top carriers: AT&T News AT&T Stream Saver will AT&T's prepaid GoPhone AT&T boosts GoPhone data AT&T launches Cuba roaming and AT&T to begin offering cracked Two more replacement Galaxy Note AT&T reportedly thinking about Sprint News HTC Bolt launches at Sprint with 5 Sprint teaming up with Google to Cell Phone Deals November 2016 Sprint launches unlimited data HTC Bolt shown off in leaked Sprint and Best Buy are the latest LG V20 launching at Sprint on T-Mobile News Blue Coral Galaxy S7 edge may Buy one T-Mobile Galaxy S7, get a T-Mobile SyncUp Drive launching T-Mobile announces Galaxy Note 7 Alcatel Idol 4S with Windows 10 T-Mobile expands Google Pixel 7 weird and unique smartphone Verizon Wireless Verizon Ellipsis 8 HD tablet Verizon Ellipsis 8 HD tablet shown Verizon launching two new prepaid Motorola and Indiegogo teaming up Verizon eliminates two of its Cell Phone Deals November 2016 Verizon says no 128GB Pixel XL in PHONEDOG PhoneDog Media is home to PhoneDog, Android & Me, TmoNews, and TodaysiPhone. The network receives 2.5 million unique visitors and 10 million pageviews each month, along with a combined three million video views on YouTube. While the name is jovial, the PhoneDog Media network offers up a wealth of written and video content to help readers make important decisions about mobile technology. Established in 2001, PhoneDog Media is a privately owned and operated company. PHONEDOG MEDIA FAMILY Phonedog - Cell Phone News TmoNews - The Unofficial T-Mobile Blog AndroidAndMe - Everything Android TodaysiPhone - iPhone News & Rumors Company Home Privacy Policy Term of Use Contact About Us Sitemap In-Depth Reviews Phone vs Phone Video Unboxings Apps & Games New Phones Phone Finder Compare Plans Phone Specials Long Distance © 2001-2016 PhoneDog, LLC. Reproduction without explicit permission is prohibited. All Rights Reserved.
Premium News Sport Business Money Opinion Obituaries Travel Tech & Science Culture Film TV Lifestyle Fashion Luxury Cars Video Free Mobile App Jobs Financial Services Rewards Events Dating Offers Shop Garden Shop Bookshop Box Office Puzzles Fantasy Football Wine Shop Log out My Account Subscribe Rewards Video Login Register Subscribe Rewards Video Log out Rewards My Account Video Home News Sport Business ALL SECTIONS Technology News Reviews Opinion Internet security Social media Apple Google More Telegraph Technology Google now lets you control your phone using Harry Potter spells  One of the available spells Credit: Google Telegraph Reporters 1 November 2016 • 5:13pm If you never really got over missing out on Hogwarts, then Google has the next best thing - as long as you're using an Android phone. You can now turn your phone into a wand, using spells from the Harry Potter series to control your device. Engage the Google voice assistant, either by saying "OK Google" or pressing the microphone icon in the search bar, and certain Latin spells such as "Lumos" or "Silencio" will activate certain functions of the phone. google harry potter features "Lumos", the command used to add a light onto wands in the wizarding world, will turn your phone's flashlight on, while "Nox" will do the opposite. Meanwhile, you can use "Silencio" - a silencing charm in the series - to turn your phone to silent. The new features are part of a tie-up with the new Harry Potter film, Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them. fantastic beasts Additionally, Google is also adding locations from the film to Google Street View. By searching in Google Maps for "fantastic beasts", you'll be able to view 1926 New York and select four US indoor locations from the film to explore. It isn't the first movie tie-up that Google has done, although the spells are by far the coolest feature. In the run up to Star Wars: The Force Awakens last year, the company introduced a Jedi lightsaber game as well as skinning many of Google's services with Star Wars icons. Fantastic Beasts... its place in the Harry Potter universe Play! 01:33   Follow Telegraph Science & Tech READ MORE ABOUT: Android Google Harry Potter Show more Technology latest 15 Nov 2016, 12:01am Bad battery life? Your phone's software updates may be to blame 00:40 14 Nov 2016, 5:49pm Who was Sir Frederick Banting and how did he discover that insulin could treat diabetes? 14 Nov 2016, 2:00pm Massive hack on sex hook-up website AdultFriendFinder exposes details of 5.2 million UK accounts 14 Nov 2016, 12:09pm Samsung buys $8bn car tech maker Harman in its biggest ever deal 14 Nov 2016, 11:59am What is Amazon Prime Video and how can I watch The Grand Tour? 14 Nov 2016, 11:01am Watch Dogs 2 review - Much improved hacker sequel makes a smart statement 4 14 Nov 2016, 7:00am Owlboy review - Gorgeous adventure ten years in the making sets the bar sky-high 5 01:19 14 Nov 2016, 6:00am The science behind how a touchscreen works 13 Nov 2016, 5:21pm Reddit's plan to tackle trolls and beat Facebook  13 Nov 2016, 3:36pm Comment: Brexit vote has not sparked a tech exodus James Titcomb Premium 13 Nov 2016, 10:57am How Japan's Line proved messaging apps can make money 12 Nov 2016, 8:02pm Powa Technologies payments investigated by administrators 12 Nov 2016, 8:00pm Row over delayed emergency services’ new radio system   12 Nov 2016, 7:11pm Telecoms rivals raise alarm on new network for emergency services  Premium 12 Nov 2016, 7:03pm Comment: Is the country that gave the world its first Industrial Revolution missing out on the spoils of Industry 4.0? Nazo Moosa Premium 11 Nov 2016, 11:58pm Facebook apologises for bug that prematurely announces users' demise 11 Nov 2016, 2:53pm Facebook cracks down on adverts that exclude ethnic minorities Gallery 11 Nov 2016, 1:26pm Gallery: Most important inventions of the 21st Century: in pictures 11 Nov 2016, 11:54am Hijab emoji approved by Unicode 11 Nov 2016, 11:26am Spotify bug killing hard drives with gigabytes of 'junk' data, users claim 11 Nov 2016, 9:55am Mark Zuckerberg rejects 'crazy idea' Facebook influenced US election result If you would like to add a comment, please register or log in Register Log in Contact us Rewards Archive Reader Prints Advertising Syndication Guidelines Privacy Terms and Conditions Leave your feedback © Telegraph Media Group Limited 2016
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search 0 Mail Tech Home Follow Us Reviews How To Deals Video Games Pogue Apple New ‘Fantastic Beasts’ Google Now commands let you cast spells over your Android phone Kyle Wiggers Digital TrendsNovember 1, 2016 Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share Google and Warner Bros. are imbuing mobiles with a little magic. In anticipation of the movie studio’s upcoming Harry Potter spinoff, Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them, Google has integrated “spells” into its eponymous Google Now assistant on smartphones running its Android mobile operating system. The search giant has made channeling your inner wizard exceedingly easy. Say “OK Google” followed by the “spell” of your choice: Uttering “Lumos” turns on your smartphones flashlight, while shouting “Silencio” switches off your handset’s ringer and notifications. “Now anyone can try their hand at magic,” Google said in a blog post. Related: J.K. Rowling to pen more magical adventures for ‘Fantastic Beasts’ sequel That’s not the only bit of the wizarding world that’s invading the Muggle world’s mobile realm. Google Street View, Google’s service that delivers panoramic views from the curbside of the world’s major thoroughfares, now provides a glimpse into fictional 1926 New York City — including storied sights like the Magical Congress of the USA (MACUSA), Steen National Bank, the underground speakeasy The Blind Pig, and “magical” apartments. Google’s new mobile messaging platform, Allo, will soon gain a new Fantastic Beasts-inspired sticker pack. And YouTube creators at Google’s newly opened YouTube Space in London have begun releasing “content inspired by the wizarding world.” The new Google Now commands and Allo stickers will launch in the coming days on supported smartphones and tablets, and the Street View’s locations are live on Android and iOS devices, as well as the web. Related: New trailer for ‘Fantastic Beasts’ introduces you to the wizarding world of America The integrations are a part of Warner Brother’s broader Fantastic Beasts digital push. Earlier this year, Google built a virtual reality experience for Daydream View, its VR platform for mobile phones, that transported headset wearers to a magical room full of challenging puzzles, frightening creatures, and all manner of wizarding artifacts. In Google Maps, the firm launched Magical Maps, a navigable collection of “magical” New York City locations replete with music, animations, and Easter eggs. And within its search function, Google rolled out contextual Fantastic Beasts promotions: If you search for showtimes in Google, you’ll be shown exclusive content from the upcoming film. Google is not the only one spreading the word. Amazon has partnered with Warner Bros. to integrate “casting” into the internet retail giant’s search bar: Type one of five “spells” and you’ll see a magical effect cover the screen before it navigates to a Fantastical Beasts promotional page. Twitter, meanwhile, has rolled out 12 limited-edition emojis and video clips that can be unlocked by typing in hashtags based on the film’s characters. And Facebook has launched a movie-themed Facebook Live profile frame. “When we had Harry Potter, none of this technology existed,” Blair Rich, president of worldwide marketing for Warner Bros., told Fast Company. “So to be able to creatively interpret this world through technology and allow people this very unusual kind of interaction with it, is really a marketing plus.” The film hits theaters November 18. We snuck a peek inside Google’s first pop-up shop, and AI was everywhere Exclusive: Google will take VR to the streets with Daydream pop-up shop in NYC Google’s Pixel phones bring fast charging, AI, VR, a cam to rival the iPhone’s Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share What to Read Next How Good Are the Walmart Black Friday TV Deals? Consumer Reports iOS 10 Hidden Feature: The Magnifier Yahoo Tech Online freedom hit by pressure on social media, apps AFP New hybrid console takes Nintendo on the go Yahoo Tech Donald Trump is already proving he has no idea what he is in for Quartz This smart crib will help your baby sleep safely through the night Yahoo Tech Tonight’s supermoon will be the most spectacular so far BGR News The obvious problem with Apple’s new self-driving car plan Yahoo Tech Privacy |Terms |About our Ads |Suggestions Brought to you by Yahoo News Network
Email Password Remember me Forgot password?     Log in with Facebook Log in with Twitter Log In news tech & science social media business entertainment life sports     Controversy over Google's disclosure of bug in Microsoft Windows Listen | Print By James Walker     Nov 1, 2016 in Technology Google has publicly detailed a "critical" bug in Windows just 10 days after reporting it to Microsoft. Google has come under fire for releasing details before a fix is available but the company insists it is "protecting users" by doing so. Google revealed the threat yesterday, ten days after finding it inside the Windows kernel. The company explained that a security sandbox escape in the "win32k.sys" system file could allow attackers to break out of isolated areas of code and run arbitrary instructions. This could give a hacker complete control of the machine, allowing them to escalate their privileges and execute code with full access. According to Google, the vulnerability is already being actively exploited by attackers. It has reported the zero-day exploit to Microsoft but the company has not yet been able to patch the problem. Microsoft expressed exasperation at Google's decision to disclose the flaw before it could issue an update, suggesting the company could have done more to help by staying quiet. "We believe in coordinated vulnerability disclosure, and today's disclosure by Google puts customers at potential risk," a Microsoft spokesperson said to VentureBeat. "Windows is the only platform with a customer commitment to investigate reported security issues and proactively update impacted devices as soon as possible. We recommend customers use Windows 10 and the Microsoft Edge browser for the best protection." For its part, Google considers early disclosure to help protect PC users. Because the details are freely available, Microsoft is put under greater pressure to release a patch quickly. However, Microsoft would rather have the time it needs to create an update, without publicising how to exploit the vulnerability in the meantime. The debate over which approach is the most effective, as well as the most ethical, is still an ongoing concern in the industry. Google uses a disclosure timeline devised in 2013 to decide when to publicly release details of vulnerabilities. For the majority of problems, it offers a 60 day grace period. However, the most serious exploits, including the win2k.sys bug found last month, are given just seven days. "We encourage researchers to publish their findings if reported issues will take longer to patch," Google said in 2013. "Based on our experience, however, we believe that more urgent action — within 7 days — is appropriate for critical vulnerabilities under active exploitation. The reason for this special designation is that each day an actively exploited vulnerability remains undisclosed to the public and unpatched, more computers will be compromised." Google also detailed another zero-day vulnerability yesterday. A flaw in Adobe's Flash facilitates the Windows attack. Since Adobe has already updated Flash with a fix for the problem, the win2k.sys exploit risk has been mitigated. It will still take an official patch from Microsoft to close the hole and ensure computer users' safety, however. More about Google, Microsoft, Windows, Security, Cybersecurity   Google Microsoft Windows Security Cybersecurity Vulnerability Latest News Top News Trump gets 'arms around' foreign policy, talks to China's Xi Op-Ed: Why Juan Manuel Marquez can't resist talking about Manny Pacquiao NHS email knocked offline as test message sent to every employee Weapons buried at sea is a major threat to marine life: Study New Zika virus vaccine shows potential Charlie Miller claims thieves can hack self-driving cars remotely Google now has its own fake news problem X-ray mystery surrounds Pluto Russian fighter crashes in Mediterranean: defence ministry Regulators shut down 20 nuclear plants — sub-standard parts used Corporate Contact Us About Us Advertise Investors & Partners Help & Support Editorial Guidelines Terms of Use Privacy Policy News Links Latest News Live Events News Alerts GlobeNewswire News Global Press Releases 24-7PressRelease.com copyright © 2016 digitaljournal.com   |   powered by dell servers
Sections SEO SEM Mobile Local Retail Google Bing Social Home Submit Follow Us Follow SEO SEM Mobile Local Retail Google Bing Social More Submit Follow Us Follow Subscribe Subscribe Search Engine Land Need to know FAQ: All about the Google mobile-first index In March 2017 Google retiring Map Maker to speed up the Maps editing process Subscribe to SearchCap SUBSCRIBE SEO SEM Mobile Local Retail Google Bing Social Home SEO Everything you need to know about SEO, delivered every Thursday. SUBSCRIBE SMX East 2016: Satisfying The Need For Speed Columnist Eric Enge recaps a session at SMX East on the impact of page speed on SEO, presented by former Google Search Quality team member Fili Wiese. Eric Enge on November 1, 2016 at 10:42 am More At the recent SMX East conference in New York, I sat in on a session presented by Fili Wiese, titled, “The Need for Speed.” Wiese is a former member of Google’s search quality team who also worked as a clickspam engineer. In this session, he presented a lot of great technical data, as well as information on ways to improve site performance. One of the articles Wiese referenced was “Page Load Times vs. Conversion Rates,” and the data contained in that article is truly compelling: If that isn’t motivation enough, Google has said that they plan to make page speed a direct ranking factor on mobile devices. You may ask how big a factor it might become, but I do think that speed matters a lot to mobile users, so there is reason to believe that this is a ranking factor that will have some weight to it. Bigger than content quality and links? Don’t be silly. But still, it’s a signal that could have some impact. The great majority of sites have many potential opportunities to dramatically speed things up. Here are some of the most important concepts: Leverage Google’s PageSpeed Insights tool Google provides a great tool called PageSpeed Insights. Run this tool on the pages of your site. Not only will Google tell you how they perform, but they will specify the problems seen by the tool and give you links to resources to help fix them. Be aware, though, that the result of this will inevitably be the need for your developers to do something. This is true with all of the suggestions in this post — but at the end of the day, it will be well worth the effort! Critical path rendering Many web pages download in a manner that requires most of the code to be downloaded before any content is rendered to the user. The better implementation is to alter that, so content begins to get displayed while the downloading continues, as shown here: The key idea is to load your main content first, and ensure that it’s done in such a way that it can render as it downloads. The menus, sidebars and anything below the fold are your lowest priority in rendering the page. This gets content in front of your visitor as quickly as possible. Optimizing CSS and JavaScript This is another common area of failure. Many sites spread CSS and JavaScript across many files and load them in a very inefficient manner. Here are some tips to optimize your CSS: Minify CSS (read more here). Avoid CSS conflicts (multiple IDs, overriding rules, etc.). Don’t use CSS inline of HTML tags. Load CSS using deferred and asynchronous JavaScript. Load critical CSS in the HTML <head>. Reduce CSS libraries to only what is actually needed. Here are similar tips for dealing with JavaScript: Minify JavaScript (read more here). Implement Unobtrusive JavaScript approach (read more here). Load JavaScript using deferred and async attributes. Load Critical JavaScript in the HTML. Reduce JavaScript libraries to only what is actually needed. Optimizing images Another area where page sizes grow bloated is with their images. Many sites upload images as PNG files, as these tend to be higher resolution, but that higher resolution is pretty much wasted on the web. Instead, convert those images to JPG format, as the resulting images are smaller and will load faster. You can also compress the images to make them even smaller. Here are some other tips for handling images: Use Sprites (http/1.x only). Defer Loading (lazy loading). Use width and height attributes. Use lightweight favicons. Accelerated Mobile Pages (AMP) If you follow Google at all, then you have heard about AMP. This is Google’s attempt to create a platform which will dramatically speed up the performance of the mobile web. AMP is a new form of HTML that competes with HTML5. The reason it is much faster than traditional HTML is that it’s far more restrictive in what you can and can’t do. The imposed limitations force developers to use coding approaches that cause pages to be far smaller in size. In testing we did at Stone Temple, we found that the AMP pages on our site were only about 28 percent of the size in KB as the traditional HTML pages. In addition, participants in the AMP program can cache the resulting pages, and Google does so. To see how much impact this had, we tested the pages in Page Speed Insights, and our score went from 43 to 88: So how important will AMP be? I personally believe that AMP, and the next-stage concept of progressive web apps are going to be initiatives that Google pushes very hard. Continued growth of the mobile web is very important to them. But wait, there’s more! Wiese’s presentation covers much more than I have in the above post, and you can see the rest of the presentation here. Some of the incremental content you’ll find includes: Using GZIP to compress web pages. OCSP Stabling to speed the determination of whether or not an SSL certificate is valid. Implementing HSTS so that Chrome will default to loading your pages as HTTPS pages (saves a redirect). Using HTTP/2, which offers many additional performance enhancement opportunities. And more! The need for speed is very real in today’s web, and in particular, in mobile web environments. It’s key that you take the steps to create a culture of approaching your development the right way, and of investing the time to make things load quickly. As we saw at the beginning, speed matters to users, and to Google, and that means it should be a very big deal for you as well. Satisfying The Need For Speed By Fili Wiese from Search Marketing Expo – SMX Some opinions expressed in this article may be those of a guest author and not necessarily Search Engine Land. Staff authors are listed here. About The Author Eric Enge Eric Enge is the CEO of Stone Temple Consulting, an SEO consultancy outside of Boston. Eric also writes for The Digital Marketing Excellence blog and can be followed on Twitter at @stonetemple. Related Articles What your teacher didn’t tell you about optimizing site speed Google launches business-friendly tool that tests your website mobile-friendliness & page speed The Need For Speed: 7 Observations On The Impact Of Page Speed To The Future Of Local Mobile Search Google says page speed ranking factor to use mobile page speed for mobile sites in upcoming months All Things SEO ColumnChannel: SEOSEM IndustrySEM Industry: ConferencesSEM Industry: Search Marketing Expo - SMXSEO - Search Engine OptimizationSEO: Site Speed Sponsored We're listening. Have something to say about this article? Share it with us on Facebook, Twitter or our LinkedIn Group. Attend Our Conferences March 21-23, 2017: SMX West June 2017: SMX Advanced October 24-26, 2017: SMX East See all the dates and locations. Learn More About Our SMX Events Gain new strategies and insights at the intersection of marketing, technology, and management. Our next conference will be held: May 9-11, 2017: MarTech San Francisco See all the dates and locations. Learn More About Our MarTech Events Take the MarTech Quiz Think you know martech? Find out by taking this 3-minute quiz. See how you score and share it with friends! Let's Get Started White Papers The Social Marketing Paradox: Why Brands Fail To Create Customer Relationships The Definitive Guide to Social Customer Service Success The Social Customer Service Playbook: The Most Vital Metrics and How to Interpret Their Impact Data is the Secret Ingredient for Social Media Marketing Success Transform From Product-Centric Campaigning to Customer-Centric Experiences See More Whitepapers Webcasts Social Media Marketing 3.0: Best Practices for Ramping Up Social ROI Take Back Control of Your Content Personalized Local Content: Frightful or Insightful? See More Webcasts Research Reports Content Marketing Tools B2B Predictive Marketing Analytics Platforms Social Media Management Software Call Analytics Platforms Paid Media Campaign Management Platforms B2B Marketing Automation Platforms See More Research The Periodic Table of Seo Success Sign up for our daily newsletter. SUBSCRIBE Follow Us © 2016 Third Door Media, Inc. All rights reserved.
Sections SEO SEM Mobile Local Retail Google Bing Social Home Submit Follow Us Follow SEO SEM Mobile Local Retail Google Bing Social More Submit Follow Us Follow Subscribe Subscribe Search Engine Land Need to know FAQ: All about the Google mobile-first index In March 2017 Google retiring Map Maker to speed up the Maps editing process Subscribe to SearchCap SUBSCRIBE SEO SEM Mobile Local Retail Google Bing Social Home SEO Everything you need to know about SEO, delivered every Thursday. SUBSCRIBE 8 ways SEO has changed in the past 10 years How has the search landscape changed over the last decade? Columnist Jayson DeMers explores the biggest shake-ups over the last 10 years and their impact on search engine optimization (SEO). Jayson DeMers on November 1, 2016 at 1:07 pm More Few marketing channels have evolved as quickly or as dramatically as search engine optimization (SEO). In its infancy, SEO was the shady practice of stuffing keywords, tweaking back-end code and spamming links until you started ranking well for the keywords you wanted. Thankfully, Google stamped out those practices pretty quickly, and its search algorithm has never really stopped evolving. Much of Google’s foundation was in place by the mid-2000s, but how has its algorithm — and as a result, our approach to SEO — changed in the past 10 years? 1. The rise of content First, there’s the rise of content marketing as part of a successful SEO strategy. Google has steadily refined what it considers to be “good” content over the years, but it was the Panda update in 2011 that served as the death blow to spammy content and keyword stuffing. After Panda, it was virtually impossible to get away with any gimmicky content-based tactics, such as favoring a high quantity of content while forgoing quality and substance. Instead, the search engine winners were ones who produced the best, most valuable content, spawning the adoption of content marketing among SEOs — and content is still king today. 2. The death of link schemes Google has provided its own definition of what a “link scheme” actually is, along with some examples. Many find the guidelines here somewhat ambiguous, but the simplest explanation is this: Any attempt to deliberately influence your ranking with links could qualify as a scheme. By the late 2000s, Google had worked hard to stamp out most black-hat and spam-based link-building practices, penalizing participants in link wheels and exchanges and paid linkers. But it was in 2012, with the Penguin update, that link building really became what it is today. Now, only natural link attraction and valuable link building with guest posts will earn you the authority you need to rank higher. 3. The reshaping of local Compared to 2006, local SEO today is a totally different animal. There have been dozens of small iterations and changes to the layout (such as the local carousel, and today’s modern “3-pack” layout), but the biggest recent change to ranking factors was in 2014, with the Pigeon update. With this update, Google more heavily incorporated traditional web ranking signals into its ranking algorithm, giving well-optimized websites a major edge in local search. Google also boosted the visibility of high-authority directory websites in its search results. More generally, local searches have become more common — and more location-specific — over the last few years, thanks to mobile devices. 4. SERP overhauls I can’t tell you how many times the search engine results pages (SERPs) have changed, and not many people could; some of these changes are so small, it’s debatable whether to even count them. But take a look at a SERP screen shot from 2006 and compare it to today, and you’ll see how different your considerations must be. Google search results in 2006. (Source) 5. The rise of the Knowledge Graph Another major influencer in modern SEO has been Google’s Knowledge Graph, which first emerged on the scene in 2012. The Knowledge Graph attempts to give users direct, concise answers to their queries, often presenting them with a box of information about a general subject or a succinct answer to a straightforward query. This is great for the user but often takes precedence over organic search results. Accordingly, optimizers have had to compensate for this, either by avoiding generally answerable keyword targets altogether or by using Schema.org microformatting to make their on-site content more easily deliverable to the system. 6. Mobile prioritization Mobile devices have exploded in popularity since the iPhone first emerged back in 2007, and Google has done everything it can to emphasize the importance of optimizing websites for those mobile users. Indeed, in 2015, mobile queries officially surpassed desktop queries in Google search. Optimizing for mobile has become not only common, but downright required these days, in no small part due to Google’s continuing and escalating insistence. Its mobile-friendly update, which occurred in two separate phases, has been a major enforcer of this new standard. 7. The soft death of keywords Panda and Penguin killed off the practice of keyword stuffing, but a smaller, more curious update in 2013 spelled the “soft” death of keyword optimization altogether. Hummingbird is the name of the update that introduced semantic search, Google’s way of deciphering user intent rather than mapping out individual keywords and phrases. Today, Google attempts to understand meaning rather than matching keywords, so keyword-centric optimization doesn’t work the same way. However, keyword research is still relevant, as it can help guide your strategic focus and provide you with ranking opportunities. 8. Update pacing and impact It’s also worth noting that for a time — in the few years following Panda — Google stressed out search optimizers by releasing seemingly random, major updates to its search algorithm that fundamentally changed how rankings were calculated. However, now that the search engine has reached a strong foundation, the significance and pacing of these updates have declined. Today, updates are smaller, less noticeable, and roll out gradually, giving them a much less dramatic impact on the industry. Final thoughts Understanding where SEO has come from and where SEO stands today will help you become a better online marketer. Hopefully, by now you’ve long ago eliminated any black-hat techniques in your strategy. Google — and we, as marketers alongside it — are constantly pushing this now-fundamental element of our lives forward, so if you want to stay relevant, you’ll need to keep focused on the next 10 years of search engine updates. Some opinions expressed in this article may be those of a guest author and not necessarily Search Engine Land. Staff authors are listed here. About The Author Jayson DeMers Jayson DeMers is the founder & CEO of AudienceBloom, a Seattle-based content marketing & social media agency. Related Articles A Penguin’s Tale: Responding to the latest update As search changes, Google changes 10 ways link building has changed over the last 10 years Google ch-ch-ch-changes. How they're affecting publishers and SEOs All Things SEO ColumnChannel: SEOGoogleGoogle: SEOGoogle: Web SearchSEO - Search Engine OptimizationSEO: General Sponsored We're listening. Have something to say about this article? Share it with us on Facebook, Twitter or our LinkedIn Group. Attend Our Conferences March 21-23, 2017: SMX West June 2017: SMX Advanced October 24-26, 2017: SMX East See all the dates and locations. Learn More About Our SMX Events Gain new strategies and insights at the intersection of marketing, technology, and management. Our next conference will be held: May 9-11, 2017: MarTech San Francisco See all the dates and locations. Learn More About Our MarTech Events Take the MarTech Quiz Think you know martech? Find out by taking this 3-minute quiz. See how you score and share it with friends! Let's Get Started White Papers The Social Marketing Paradox: Why Brands Fail To Create Customer Relationships The Definitive Guide to Social Customer Service Success The Social Customer Service Playbook: The Most Vital Metrics and How to Interpret Their Impact Data is the Secret Ingredient for Social Media Marketing Success Transform From Product-Centric Campaigning to Customer-Centric Experiences See More Whitepapers Webcasts Social Media Marketing 3.0: Best Practices for Ramping Up Social ROI Take Back Control of Your Content Personalized Local Content: Frightful or Insightful? See More Webcasts Research Reports Content Marketing Tools B2B Predictive Marketing Analytics Platforms Social Media Management Software Call Analytics Platforms Paid Media Campaign Management Platforms B2B Marketing Automation Platforms See More Research The Periodic Table of Seo Success Sign up for our daily newsletter. SUBSCRIBE Follow Us © 2016 Third Door Media, Inc. All rights reserved.
null
Trending Topics → Google Nexus Android N Project Islandwood Windows 10 Social Media iOS 10 Android Windows Insider Home Author Corner Top Read PC & Mobile Windows Android iOS TechNews How To Social Media Gadgets Big Tech Corp Microsoft Google Apple Application / Google / PC & Mobile 0 Google Drive To Be Discontinued on Windows XP and Vista by Anna Fan · November 1, 2016 ShareTweet Attention! Google Drive will no longer receive updates on Windows XP, Windows Vista, and Windows Server 2003 since January 1, 2017. This does mean that the software update for G Drive won’t be coming for these old operating systems. Google has claimed that the application will still be working on Windows XP, Vista and Server 2003, but there will be no maintenance updates. As far as it is concerned, Mainstream support (including free incident support, warranty claims, design changes, bug fixes, and more) was no longer on Windows XP since April 209, and stopped the service for Windows Server 2003 since July 2010. Thus, Extended Support (security updates) was pulled 5 years later on each platform. For Windows Vista, Mainstream Support was put to an end in April 2012 while the extended support will continue until April next year. While many users might not be on Windows XP anymore, Windows Vista users could be around 1% of desktop PC users. These Vista users could have the Google Drive desktop app installed on their computer. Notice that Google has decided to stop the software updates for the Google Drive file storage and synchronization. Due to the decision from Google that there will be new releases of the app to these three platforms, users should have the OS change if they want to have the Google Drive latest version on their PCs or Laptop. As for now Windows Vista still receive the security updates from Microsoft until next April when the extended support comes to an end. If Windows XP, Windows Server 2003, or Vista users still want to have a cloud storage alternative to Google Drive, then they might want to try MultiCloud free version as an optional cloud solution in the meantime, but it is still recommended to have the newer operating system as the remained solution.   Share this: Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Tags: GoogleGoogle DriveWindows VistaWindows XP Anna Fan Anytime I am not here on AmazinessNet, then you can find me writing in Vietnamese language about tips and tricks to learn real English at HocTiengAnh24H Next story How to backup text messages on your Android phone Previous story How to save your Vines into GIFs with GIPHY’s Tool You may also like... 0 Acer ChromeBase 24-Inch First Official Chromebase For Meetings 2 Apr, 2016 0 Google Allo Rumored To Launch This Week 19 Sep, 2016 1 Gmailify: Access Gmail Features without Gmail Accounts 20 Feb, 2016 Follow: Find us on Facebook Find us on Facebook Subscribe to Blog via Email Get Instant News from Amaziness Subscribe Us! Email Address Follow Us On Twitter Tweets by @AmazinessNet Gadget Archieve Top Smartphones with QWERTY Keyboard Listed (BlackBerry Physical Keyboard Phones) 13 Nov, 2016 Upcoming Keyever Windows 10 Mobile has a physical keyboard 11 Nov, 2016 New Firmware Update for Surface Pro 3 fixes Battery issues 10 Nov, 2016 Tags Android Android 7.0 Android Marshmallow Android Marshmallow Update Android N Android Nougat Anniversary Update Apple Cortana Cumulative Update Facebook Facebook Messenger Google Google Allo Google Assistant Google Chrome Google duo Google hangouts Google maps Google Nexus Google Pixel Google Play Store HTC iOS Lumia Microsoft Microsoft Edge Microsoft Edge Extension nexus 5X Nexus 6P Pixel XL Redstone 2 Samsung Skype Skype UWP UWP Verizon WhatsApp Windows Windows 10 Windows 10 Mobile Windows Insider Xbox Xbox One Xiaomi About Us Contact Us Promote your App Privacy Policy Terms / Guidelines AMAZINESS.NET © 2016. All Rights Reserved. Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.

Email Password Remember me Forgot password?     Log in with Facebook Log in with Twitter Log In news tech & science social media business entertainment life sports     Google Chrome now runs 15 percent faster on Windows Listen | Print By James Walker     Nov 1, 2016 in Technology Google has announced that it has sped up the performance of its Chrome web browser on Windows by up to 15 percent. The improvements have come from incorporating Microsoft technology that allows the code to run more efficiently. The changes were detailed in a post on the Chromium blog, a site that provides information on the open-source browser engine behind Chrome. Starting from Chrome 53, Google has managed to boost overall performance by up to 15 percent by optimising the way in which code runs. The speed increase comes from Google's use of Microsoft's Profile Guided Optimization (PGO) for the first time. The technology, a part of Microsoft's Visual Studio developer tools, is able to intelligently monitor how an application's code is used. Essentially, it works out how users interact with the program and then compiles it so the most frequently accessed parts are optimised. Google has incorporated this into its nightly build tools when generating new Chrome versions. The compiler now tracks how often functions are called in the code and optimises the high-use ones for speed. In some cases, this can raise the size of the code. PGO offsets this by optimising less-used functions with smaller but slightly slower code. Overall, this creates a more performant code base with a smaller size. "Chrome is a huge software project with more than a million functions in its source code," said Google. "Not all functions are equal — some are called frequently, while others are rarely used. PGO uses data from runtime execution that track which functions are most common to guide optimization." The changes have led to speed improvements in some of the most noticeable areas of Chrome. Google has observed the new tab page loading up to 14.8 percent faster. Browser startup time has been increased by up to 16.8 percent and the page loading process now completes 5.9 percent more quickly. The performance gains will deliver a noticeable boost to how Chrome runs on low-end machines. Recently, Google has been striving to optimise Chrome to improve performance across the board. After gaining a reputation for being taxing on hardware including the CPU, memory and battery, the company has begun to strip out the bloat and create a leaner and faster experience. The results are now beginning to pay off. The integration of PGO will continue Chrome's progression to being a lightweight, highly performant web browser that runs well on any machine. In December, Google will deliver another significant speed boost to Chrome by upgrading its V8 JavaScript engine in Chrome 55. It has optimised V8's memory management and JavaScript usage to reduce the RAM consumption of the browser. In some cases, the company has observed a 50 percent cut in usage, making Chrome far more responsive on low-end devices. More about Google, Google chrome, Web browsers, Software, Microsoft   Google Google chrome Web browsers Software Microsoft Latest News Top News Op-Ed: Why Juan Manuel Marquez can't resist talking about Manny Pacquiao Bird flu forcing many European countries to bring poultry indoors Weapons buried at sea is a major threat to marine life: Study Regulators shut down 20 nuclear plants — sub-standard parts used X-ray mystery surrounds Pluto Trump gets 'arms around' foreign policy, talks to China's Xi Google now has its own fake news problem Russian fighter crashes in Mediterranean: defence ministry Interview: Film director Eric Rivas discusses 'Vamp Bikers' Special NHS email knocked offline as test message sent to every employee Corporate Contact Us About Us Advertise Investors & Partners Help & Support Editorial Guidelines Terms of Use Privacy Policy News Links Latest News Live Events News Alerts GlobeNewswire News Global Press Releases 24-7PressRelease.com copyright © 2016 digitaljournal.com   |   powered by dell servers
InsideTimmies SyrupShop Community News Phones Phones Huawei passed on opportunity to manufacture Google’s Pixel smartphones, company executive confirms November 14, 2016 OnePlus 4 will feature 8GB, QHD display and more, according to new leak November 14, 2016 Force Touch-like feature could be coming to Samsung’s Galaxy S8 November 14, 2016 Top Canadian mobile stories from the past week November 13, 2016 VIEW ALL Tablets Tablets Surface Book i7 Review: One for the pros November 10, 2016 Dell is reportedly building an all-in-one Windows 10 mobile Continuum device November 9, 2016 iPad gains market share as the overall tablet market shrinks October 31, 2016 What to expect from Microsoft’s October 26th Windows event October 25, 2016 VIEW ALL Wearables Wearables Samsung tears down its own Gear S3 smartwatch to reveal what’s inside November 14, 2016 The water resistant Asus ZenWatch 3 is now available in Canada for $349.99 November 13, 2016 HTC Vive goes wireless with new, expensive upgrade kit November 11, 2016 Google says Cardboard app compatibility will soon come to the Daydream View November 10, 2016 VIEW ALL Accessories Accessories Apple will launch wireless AirPod headphones by November 19th according to European reseller November 10, 2016 Samsung Gear S3 smartwatch release date pushed to November 23rd in Canada November 10, 2016 Google’s Daydream View VR headset is now available in Canada for $99 November 10, 2016 GoPro recalls about 2,500 recently-launched Karma drones November 8, 2016 VIEW ALL Automotive Automotive Samsung makes largest overseas acquisition ever with Harman International purchase November 14, 2016 Montreal installs 50 electric vehicle charging networks across the city November 11, 2016 Vespa reveals plans to release an electric scooter called the Elettrica November 9, 2016 Tesla acquires automated manufacturing company to boost production November 8, 2016 VIEW ALL Games/Apps Games/Apps Here are all the apps that support the 2016 MacBook Pro’s Touch Bar and Touch ID November 14, 2016 Google’s new Play Music app is both smarter and prettier November 14, 2016 Nintendo Switch will cost $330 in Canada, according to Toys R Us leak November 14, 2016 Google Photos on Android can now generate animations while offline November 14, 2016 VIEW ALL Carriers Carriers Vidéotron once again snags top telecom provider in Quebec November 14, 2016 Rogers and Fido’s new EnRoute tool lets customers track technicians from their phone November 14, 2016 Public Mobile launches U.S. roaming options [Update] November 14, 2016 Top Canadian mobile stories from the past week November 13, 2016 VIEW ALL Plans Plans CRTC hearing on differential pricing for Canadian data plans begins this week October 31, 2016 Top Canadian mobile stories from the past week October 9, 2016 Reminder: Exclusive Chatr plans for ex-Mobilicity customers end on October 3 [Update] September 27, 2016 CRTC will implement wholesale access to fibre optic internet September 20, 2016 VIEW ALL Manufacturers Manufacturers Samsung makes largest overseas acquisition ever with Harman International purchase November 14, 2016 Asus to unveil Google Tango-enabled AR smartphone in January November 14, 2016 Google Assistant to launch third-party developer platform in December November 10, 2016 Tim Cook wrote a letter to Apple’s American employees following Trump’s presidential win November 10, 2016 VIEW ALL Reviews Phones Phones LG G5, six months later October 31, 2016 Asus Zenfone 3 review: The best mid-range camera experience October 22, 2016 Google Pixel review: The high-end Android you’ve been waiting for October 18, 2016 Pixel and Pixel XL Hands-on: Say goodbye to Nexus October 4, 2016 VIEW ALL Tablets Tablets Acer Switch Alpha 12 review: Not the affordable Surface Pro 4 alternative you’re looking for August 9, 2016 Samsung Galaxy Tab Pro S review: An overpriced first crack at the 2-in-1 crown May 25, 2016 Kindle Oasis review: The best e-reader is not worth the price of a high-end tablet May 4, 2016 9.7-inch iPad Pro Hands-on: Same tablet, smaller build March 21, 2016 VIEW ALL Wearables Wearables Fitbit Flex 2 review: The barebones tracker for the fitness rookie November 13, 2016 Charge 2 Review: Fitbit’s best tracker yet may not be the best fit for you October 12, 2016 PlayStation VR review: High-end virtual reality goes mainstream October 5, 2016 Pokémon Go Plus review: Professor Oak would not approve September 28, 2016 VIEW ALL Accessories Accessories AirPods review: Welcome to the wireless future September 19, 2016 Samsung Gear 360 review: Spherical eye September 4, 2016 Vancouver-based Hitcase’s rugged cases transform your iPhone into an action camera August 31, 2016 Gear 360 Hands-on: Samsung finally lets its 360 camera out to play August 2, 2016 VIEW ALL Automotive Automotive Android Auto 2.0 review: Google bridges the infotainment gap November 8, 2016 2016 Honda Civic infotainment review: CarPlay and Android Auto take over July 16, 2016 Android Auto review December 31, 2015 Review: Is going ‘Platinum’ enough for streaming in the 2016 Ford Explorer? November 30, 2015 VIEW ALL Games/Apps Games/Apps PlayStation VR review: High-end virtual reality goes mainstream October 5, 2016 Hands-on with the Gears of War 4 Limited Edition Xbox One S bundle October 4, 2016 Facebook introduces new Messenger ‘Lite’ app for Android aimed at emerging markets October 3, 2016 Science News & Discoveries keeps you up-to-date on the world of science [App of the Week] September 11, 2016 VIEW ALL Features Latest Latest Fitbit Flex 2 review: The barebones tracker for the fitness rookie November 13, 2016 RunGunJumpGun is a Canadian-developed game about running and gunning [Game of the Week] November 12, 2016 The rise of the synthetic personality: can chatbots be our friends? November 12, 2016 5 of the most horrific mobile games you can play on Halloween October 29, 2016 VIEW ALL Tête-à-tête Tête-à-tête Tête-à-Tête: HTC Vive vs. PlayStation VR – Which VR headset is more impressive? September 26, 2015 Tête-à-Tête: How are Apple, Samsung, and BlackBerry playing the enterprise game? March 5, 2015 Tête-à-Tête: Has John Chen lost his mind? January 25, 2015 Tête-à-Tête: What is the appeal of the BlackBerry Classic? December 15, 2014 VIEW ALL SyrupCast SyrupCast SyrupCast 95: Living the next four years in a virtual world November 11, 2016 SyrupCast 94: Why the big three don’t want to keep things neutral November 4, 2016 SyrupCast 93: Can Microsoft out Apple by being Apple? October 28, 2016 SyrupCast 92: Goodbye Guy, Hello Elon’s driverless future October 21, 2016 VIEW ALL Buyers’ Guide Buyers' Guide Amazon opens Black Friday Store with discounts on thousands of items November 1, 2016 Father’s Day Gift Guide for the Fitness dad June 17, 2016 Father’s Day gift guide for the Entertainment Dad June 15, 2016 Father’s Day gift guide for the Gamer Dad June 14, 2016 VIEW ALL Editorials Editorials Net neutrality vs. differential pricing: CRTC hearing discusses mobile internet in Canada November 7, 2016 What it’s like to be a Canadian at Google’s Indie Games Festival October 5, 2016 What Shomi’s closure means for the Canadian streaming market September 27, 2016 Vancouver’s Roadhouse Interactive closes shop, over 100 developers out of work September 21, 2016 VIEW ALL App/Game of the Week App/Game of the Week Learn five new things every day with Curiosity [App of the Week] November 13, 2016 RunGunJumpGun is a Canadian-developed game about running and gunning [Game of the Week] November 12, 2016 Get your sleep cycle on track with Pillow [App of the Week] November 6, 2016 Do a backflip in Pumped BMX 3 [Game of the Week] November 5, 2016 VIEW ALL Resources How-to’s How-to's How to get the most out of Google Assistant November 1, 2016 How to get the most of out the iPhone 7 Plus’ Portrait Mode October 29, 2016 How to return your Samsung Galaxy Note 7 through Canadian carriers October 11, 2016 How to charge Google Play purchases to your cell phone bill October 5, 2016 VIEW ALL Coverage Map Outage Map About About Us Contact & Tips Advertise Contests News Phones Phones Huawei passed on opportunity to manufacture Google’s Pixel smartphones, company executive confirms November 14, 2016 OnePlus 4 will feature 8GB, QHD display and more, according to new leak November 14, 2016 Force Touch-like feature could be coming to Samsung’s Galaxy S8 November 14, 2016 Top Canadian mobile stories from the past week November 13, 2016 VIEW ALL Tablets Tablets Surface Book i7 Review: One for the pros November 10, 2016 Dell is reportedly building an all-in-one Windows 10 mobile Continuum device November 9, 2016 iPad gains market share as the overall tablet market shrinks October 31, 2016 What to expect from Microsoft’s October 26th Windows event October 25, 2016 VIEW ALL Wearables Wearables Samsung tears down its own Gear S3 smartwatch to reveal what’s inside November 14, 2016 The water resistant Asus ZenWatch 3 is now available in Canada for $349.99 November 13, 2016 HTC Vive goes wireless with new, expensive upgrade kit November 11, 2016 Google says Cardboard app compatibility will soon come to the Daydream View November 10, 2016 VIEW ALL Accessories Accessories Apple will launch wireless AirPod headphones by November 19th according to European reseller November 10, 2016 Samsung Gear S3 smartwatch release date pushed to November 23rd in Canada November 10, 2016 Google’s Daydream View VR headset is now available in Canada for $99 November 10, 2016 GoPro recalls about 2,500 recently-launched Karma drones November 8, 2016 VIEW ALL Automotive Automotive Samsung makes largest overseas acquisition ever with Harman International purchase November 14, 2016 Montreal installs 50 electric vehicle charging networks across the city November 11, 2016 Vespa reveals plans to release an electric scooter called the Elettrica November 9, 2016 Tesla acquires automated manufacturing company to boost production November 8, 2016 VIEW ALL Games/Apps Games/Apps Here are all the apps that support the 2016 MacBook Pro’s Touch Bar and Touch ID November 14, 2016 Google’s new Play Music app is both smarter and prettier November 14, 2016 Nintendo Switch will cost $330 in Canada, according to Toys R Us leak November 14, 2016 Google Photos on Android can now generate animations while offline November 14, 2016 VIEW ALL Carriers Carriers Vidéotron once again snags top telecom provider in Quebec November 14, 2016 Rogers and Fido’s new EnRoute tool lets customers track technicians from their phone November 14, 2016 Public Mobile launches U.S. roaming options [Update] November 14, 2016 Top Canadian mobile stories from the past week November 13, 2016 VIEW ALL Plans Plans CRTC hearing on differential pricing for Canadian data plans begins this week October 31, 2016 Top Canadian mobile stories from the past week October 9, 2016 Reminder: Exclusive Chatr plans for ex-Mobilicity customers end on October 3 [Update] September 27, 2016 CRTC will implement wholesale access to fibre optic internet September 20, 2016 VIEW ALL Manufacturers Manufacturers Samsung makes largest overseas acquisition ever with Harman International purchase November 14, 2016 Asus to unveil Google Tango-enabled AR smartphone in January November 14, 2016 Google Assistant to launch third-party developer platform in December November 10, 2016 Tim Cook wrote a letter to Apple’s American employees following Trump’s presidential win November 10, 2016 VIEW ALL Reviews Phones Phones LG G5, six months later October 31, 2016 Asus Zenfone 3 review: The best mid-range camera experience October 22, 2016 Google Pixel review: The high-end Android you’ve been waiting for October 18, 2016 Pixel and Pixel XL Hands-on: Say goodbye to Nexus October 4, 2016 VIEW ALL Tablets Tablets Acer Switch Alpha 12 review: Not the affordable Surface Pro 4 alternative you’re looking for August 9, 2016 Samsung Galaxy Tab Pro S review: An overpriced first crack at the 2-in-1 crown May 25, 2016 Kindle Oasis review: The best e-reader is not worth the price of a high-end tablet May 4, 2016 9.7-inch iPad Pro Hands-on: Same tablet, smaller build March 21, 2016 VIEW ALL Wearables Wearables Fitbit Flex 2 review: The barebones tracker for the fitness rookie November 13, 2016 Charge 2 Review: Fitbit’s best tracker yet may not be the best fit for you October 12, 2016 PlayStation VR review: High-end virtual reality goes mainstream October 5, 2016 Pokémon Go Plus review: Professor Oak would not approve September 28, 2016 VIEW ALL Accessories Accessories AirPods review: Welcome to the wireless future September 19, 2016 Samsung Gear 360 review: Spherical eye September 4, 2016 Vancouver-based Hitcase’s rugged cases transform your iPhone into an action camera August 31, 2016 Gear 360 Hands-on: Samsung finally lets its 360 camera out to play August 2, 2016 VIEW ALL Automotive Automotive Android Auto 2.0 review: Google bridges the infotainment gap November 8, 2016 2016 Honda Civic infotainment review: CarPlay and Android Auto take over July 16, 2016 Android Auto review December 31, 2015 Review: Is going ‘Platinum’ enough for streaming in the 2016 Ford Explorer? November 30, 2015 VIEW ALL Games/Apps Games/Apps PlayStation VR review: High-end virtual reality goes mainstream October 5, 2016 Hands-on with the Gears of War 4 Limited Edition Xbox One S bundle October 4, 2016 Facebook introduces new Messenger ‘Lite’ app for Android aimed at emerging markets October 3, 2016 Science News & Discoveries keeps you up-to-date on the world of science [App of the Week] September 11, 2016 VIEW ALL Features Latest Latest Fitbit Flex 2 review: The barebones tracker for the fitness rookie November 13, 2016 RunGunJumpGun is a Canadian-developed game about running and gunning [Game of the Week] November 12, 2016 The rise of the synthetic personality: can chatbots be our friends? November 12, 2016 5 of the most horrific mobile games you can play on Halloween October 29, 2016 VIEW ALL Tête-à-tête Tête-à-tête Tête-à-Tête: HTC Vive vs. PlayStation VR – Which VR headset is more impressive? September 26, 2015 Tête-à-Tête: How are Apple, Samsung, and BlackBerry playing the enterprise game? March 5, 2015 Tête-à-Tête: Has John Chen lost his mind? January 25, 2015 Tête-à-Tête: What is the appeal of the BlackBerry Classic? December 15, 2014 VIEW ALL SyrupCast SyrupCast SyrupCast 95: Living the next four years in a virtual world November 11, 2016 SyrupCast 94: Why the big three don’t want to keep things neutral November 4, 2016 SyrupCast 93: Can Microsoft out Apple by being Apple? October 28, 2016 SyrupCast 92: Goodbye Guy, Hello Elon’s driverless future October 21, 2016 VIEW ALL Buyers’ Guide Buyers' Guide Amazon opens Black Friday Store with discounts on thousands of items November 1, 2016 Father’s Day Gift Guide for the Fitness dad June 17, 2016 Father’s Day gift guide for the Entertainment Dad June 15, 2016 Father’s Day gift guide for the Gamer Dad June 14, 2016 VIEW ALL Editorials Editorials Net neutrality vs. differential pricing: CRTC hearing discusses mobile internet in Canada November 7, 2016 What it’s like to be a Canadian at Google’s Indie Games Festival October 5, 2016 What Shomi’s closure means for the Canadian streaming market September 27, 2016 Vancouver’s Roadhouse Interactive closes shop, over 100 developers out of work September 21, 2016 VIEW ALL App/Game of the Week App/Game of the Week Learn five new things every day with Curiosity [App of the Week] November 13, 2016 RunGunJumpGun is a Canadian-developed game about running and gunning [Game of the Week] November 12, 2016 Get your sleep cycle on track with Pillow [App of the Week] November 6, 2016 Do a backflip in Pumped BMX 3 [Game of the Week] November 5, 2016 VIEW ALL Resources How-to’s How-to's How to get the most out of Google Assistant November 1, 2016 How to get the most of out the iPhone 7 Plus’ Portrait Mode October 29, 2016 How to return your Samsung Galaxy Note 7 through Canadian carriers October 11, 2016 How to charge Google Play purchases to your cell phone bill October 5, 2016 VIEW ALL Coverage Map Outage Map About About Us Contact & Tips Advertise Contests Close Former Wind Mobile CEO Tony Lacavera talks about almost selling to Verizon, says the ‘Canadian brand is very strong’ Daydream View to launch in Canada on November 10 Turn your Android phone into a Magic Wand with Google’s new Fantastic Beasts tie-in Patrick O'Rourke November 1, 2016 12:47pm With yet another Harry Potter movie on the horizon — though I’m still unsure how they’re making a full movie out of what is basically an encyclopedia for the Potter universe — Google is releasing a rather interesting movie tie-in for Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them. What Google is doing is essentially turning your smartphone into a magic wand. By using “Ok Google” voice commands, you’re able to make your phone turn on its flashlight with the “Lumos” spell, or turn it off with “Nox.” Also, casting the Silencing Charm, “Silenco,” turns off the phone’s ringer and its notifications. Google also plans to add Google Street View tours of locations from the Fantastic Beasts film, allowing fans to visit Magical Congress of the USA, Pig speakeasy and various other places from the movie. Daydream View is playing a role in the promotional Fantastic Beasts initiative as well, with a Daydream VR Harry Potter experience set to launch alongside Google’s new virtual reality headset later this month. And finally, Allo users will be able to download a specific Fantastic Beasts sticker pack. Co-marketing efforts like this always feel a little slimy, but at least when they’re clever, the embedded adds are a little easier to swallow and likely more effective. SourceGoogle Brian Komlance “Expelliarmus!” *drops phone* :O Get Updates Sign-up for MobileSyrup news sent straight to your inbox Categories News Reviews Features Resources Contests Contact About Us Advertise Jobs Social Twitter Pinterest Facebook RSS Google+ Instagram YouTube Search Get Updates © 2016 MobileSyrup.com. Privacy | Terms of Use
Close Skip to main content sign in Saved for later Comment activity Edit profile Email preferences Change password Sign out become a supporter subscribe search jobs more from the guardian: jobs change edition: switch to the UK edition switch to the AU edition switch to the INT edition US edition switch to the UK edition switch to the Australia edition switch to the International The Guardian home › tech home election 2016 US world opinion sports soccer tech selected arts lifestyle fashion business travel environment browse all sections close Microsoft Google and Microsoft in war of words over bug disclosure The search engine company publicised a critical Windows bug 10 days after informing the software firm about it Google gave Microsoft just seven days to fix the bug before it went public with the error. Photograph: Lucy Nicholson/Reuters Alex Hern @alexhern Tuesday 1 November 2016 12.13 EDT Last modified on Tuesday 1 November 2016 12.16 EDT Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Google and Microsoft are in a war of words after the search engine company publicised a critical Windows bug just 10 days after telling the software firm about it. The bug, which allows privilege escalation in Windows, was discovered by Google on 21 October. An attacker can use it to access things they should not be able to, and according to Google, it is already being actively exploited in the wild. That caused Google to declare the bug “particularly serious”, and give Microsoft just seven days to fix it before it would go public and tell the world about the error. The rationale for such disclosure programmes is part preventative and part punitive: it allows others using unpatched versions of Windows to be aware of the danger, even if they cannot fix it until Microsoft releases a patch, but it also serves to publicly berate the developer for their delay in fixing the bug. Microsoft has responded with anger at not being given time to properly issues a patch. “We believe in co-ordinated vulnerability disclosure, and today’s disclosure by Google puts customers at potential risk,” a Microsoft spokesperson told tech news site VentureBeat. “Windows is the only platform with a customer commitment to investigate reported security issues and proactively update impacted devices as soon as possible. We recommend customers use Windows 10 and the Microsoft Edge browser for the best protection.” It’s not even the first time Google and Microsoft have squabbled over the former’s tight timeline for fixing vulnerabilities. In 2015, Google published another bug online 90 days after informing Microsoft, just a few weeks before the company planned to roll out its own patch. In that case, the bug was agreed by both companies to be non-critical, and so Microsoft planned to delay its patch until a regular roll-out, but Google refused to budge on the time limit. Microsoft’s Chris Betz wrote at the time “The decision feels less like principles and more like a ‘gotcha’, with customers the ones who may suffer as a result. What’s right for Google is not always right for customers.” He added: “We ask that researchers privately disclose vulnerabilities to software providers, working with them until a fix is made available before sharing any details publically. It is in that partnership that customers benefit the most. Policies and approaches that limit or ignore that partnership do not benefit the researchers, the software vendors, or our customers. It is a zero sum game where all parties end up injured.” More news Topics Microsoft Google Computing Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Reuse this content most viewed The Guardian back to top home election 2016 US world opinion sports soccer tech selected arts lifestyle fashion business travel environment all sections close home election 2016 US world UK europe americas asia middle east africa australia cities development opinion sports soccer MLS NFL MLB NBA NHL soccer live scores tables competitions results fixtures clubs tech selected arts movies tv & radio music games books art & design stage classical lifestyle food health & fitness love & sex family women home & garden fashion business economics sustainable business diversity & equality in business small business travel USA europe UK skiing environment climate change wildlife energy pollution science media crosswords blog editor quick cryptic prize quiptic genius speedy everyman azed video Technology › Microsoft Facebook Twitter jobs guardian labs subscribe all topics all contributors solve technical issue about us contact us complaints & corrections terms & conditions privacy policy cookie policy securedrop © 2016 Guardian News and Media Limited or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved.
Navigate Home Windows iPhone Android Windows 10 Web Applications Others Security Software Antivirus Software Firewall Malware and Spyware Password Manager PC Utilities Office Suites Desktop Enhancement File Converters Free Registry Cleaner Media Utilities Media Players Music Software Image & Photo Editors CD/DVD Burners Internet Tools Download Managers Email Clients Network Tools Plugins Facebook Twitter RSS Search Google Android Messenger App with Material Design 1 By Ajit Singh on November 16, 2014 Android Editor Ratings: User Ratings: [Total: 0    Average: 0/5] Messenger is the new Android messenger app from Google, which lets you sends text messages and MMS. This app can be used as a replacement of your stock messaging app. The app comes with newly launched Material Design which is a part of Android Lollipop. The app packs in a lot of new features like sharing of photos (existing/new one) and audio clips from within the conversation of any contact. The app has made it quick and easy to search for the contacts, as it displays All Contacts as well as Frequent Contacts; apart from the manual search. You can also block contacts from receiving texts sent by them. The other options include search for any particular message(s) within a conversation, set custom ringtones and enable/disable notification for a particular conversation. Sponsored Links Using this Google Android Messenger App with Material Design: You can start using this Google Android messenger app just after installing it. When you launch the app, you will be welcomed by the Material Design with all the colored interface. You can see that each of the conversation has its own specific color theme (see circles on the left) and a + icon at bottom right corner. This icon at bottom right is for composing a new text or multimedia message (MMS). It will take you to the interface from where you can choose the contact(s) by either manual searching or from the Frequent/All Contacts list. On message composition area, you will see the interface shown in the screenshot below. You have to type the text message in the box at bottom, the smiley icon is for sending smiley while the attachment icon on the left is for sending photos, video or audio clips. You can choose to send an existing photo or a click a new one from within the conversation. The icon at top left corner, within the conversation, gives you some more options: Add Contact, People & Options, Search, Archive, and Delete. The People & Options option lets you enable/disable notification for that specific conversation, set custom ringtone, vibration alert, and even block the contact. If you will choose to block the contact, then you won’t receive notification about the message sent by blocked contact. All the messages sent by that contact get saved to Archive option and you can access them from there. Do remember that you might receive notification for the text from blocked contact because of other third party apps like TrueCaller. So, do turn off notifications from those apps. The other options of the Android messenger app can be accessed from the main interface of the app, which is the main inbox.  Tap on the three dot icon to get options: Archived, Blocked Contacts, and Settings. The first two are self-explanatory options, while Settings options let you set this Messenger app as your default messaging app, enable/disable notifications, enable delivery reports, etc.. The app also offers some conversation specific options which you can access by tapping and holding on the any conversation. It gives you the option to Archive, Delete, Turn off notification, Block, and Add Contact. You may also like: Android Messaging App to Send GIFs While Chatting. Final Verdict: Messenger is a good Android messenger app from Google for sending text and MMS messages. The app looks good with Material Design. As for the features, I liked them and they all were working really good during my testing. Yes, there are a quite bad reviews on Play Store about the app but I guess they vary according to the purpose for which you use your messaging app. For me, I liked using this app. Do give it a try to see whether it matches up to your need. Get Messenger here. Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn more Pinterest Tumblr Email Editor Ratings: User Ratings: [Total: 0    Average: 0/5] Home Page URL: Click Here Works With: Android Free/Paid: Free Previous Article4 Anonymous Messaging Apps For Android Next Article Manage App Notifications Individually In Windows 10 Related Posts Add Art to Android Videos with Free Video Editing App 5 Free Android Apps To View Android System Info Restrict Apps and Time Spent by Kids on Android: Parental Control App ROBERT SNYDER Easy To Use Easy to use and figure out. Works with AndriodWear with out problems. New in msg features are very welcome addition: Google Maps location identifier, camera and video upgrades. It should give us ability to change text size on screen. Also, why is this app not available via play store? I had to rely on apk sites such as apkmonk or apkmirror for updates. Ajit Singh Posts By Ajit November 14, 2015 Free SEO Crawling Software, Alternative to Screaming Frog November 12, 2015 Free Travel Website to Find Destinations Based on Activities October 6, 2015 17 Free Websites to Get Random Facts 14K likes 2568 followers 16098 subscribers Featured Posts November 14, 2016 5 Free Chrome Extensions To Block Pornography November 13, 2016 5 Free Software to Find Duplicate MP3 Files November 13, 2016 Methods to Create Directory Structure From Text File November 12, 2016 Free Mega Desktop Clients to Download and Upload Files to MEGA November 11, 2016 5 Free Android Apps To View Android System Info Recent Posts November 14, 2016 Download Subtitles of TV Shows from Hulu November 14, 2016 Free Text Auto Complete Add-in For Word, Outlook, and PowerPoint November 14, 2016 5 Different Methods To Directly Access A Specific Registry Key November 14, 2016 Add Art to Android Videos with Free Video Editing App November 14, 2016 5 Free Chrome Extensions To Block Pornography Windows Download Subtitles of TV Shows from Hulu Free Text Auto Complete Add-in For Word, Outlook, and PowerPoint 5 Different Methods To Directly Access A Specific Registry Key iOS & Android 5 Free Comic Book Reader Apps for iPhone Maths Learning iPhone App with Equation Solver, Calculator iPhone Chat App to Create Public and Private Chat Rooms Web Apps Free WebSite To Create Beats Online: Beatlab Create Your Own Google Maps Treasure Hunt Game How To Export Vine To Giphy About Us | Write for Us | Submit Software | Contact Us | Privacy Policy | Disclosure | Advertise With Us Copyright © 2015 I Love Free Software. Powered by WordPress
Menu Search Follow Us Facebook Instagram Twitter Youtube Flipboard LinkedIn Google+ RSS More Youtube Flipboard LinkedIn Google+ RSS Got a tip? Let us know. News Channels Startups Mobile Gadgets Enterprise Social Europe Asia Crunch Network Unicorn Leaderboard Gift Guides All Topics All Galleries All Timelines Video Shows Apps News Crunch Report Disrupt SF 2016 Gadgets Reviews Interviews TC Features All Shows All Videos Events TechCrunch Events Disrupt Startup Battlefield Crunchies Meetups International City Events Hackathon Include NFL’s 1ST and Future TechCrunch Store News About Mobile World Congress CES All Events Crunchbase Trending Tesla Google Facebook News Startups Mobile Gadgets Enterprise Social Europe Message Us Search TechCrunch Search TechCrunch Search Search × Hi! You are about to activate our Facebook Messenger news bot. Once subscribed, the bot will send you a digest of trending stories once a day. You can also customize the types of stories it sends you. Click on the button below to subscribe and wait for a new Facebook message from the TC Messenger news bot. Thanks, TC Team Disrupt LondonCo-founder Of DeepMind, Mustafa Suleyman, To Speak At Disrupt London Save £250 On Tickets Now Apps Facebook chose to fight fake news with AI, not just user reports Zugata raises $7 million to make annual performance reviews obsolete Russian hacking team The Dukes targeting NGOs and think tanks after Trump victory Browse more... Hello Hello, makers of the Sense bedside sleep tracker, hires a CMO from DoorDash Hello will begin selling its Sense sleep tracker at Best Buy and Target Hello begins selling its bedside sleep tracker, Sense, internationally Browse more... Alexa Alexa, who is winning the presidential election? Finally, at long last, someone hacked Amazon’s Alexa into one of those singing fish CNN’s new Alexa skill delivers an audio version of its TV news, 5 minutes after broadcast Browse more... sense Hello, makers of the Sense bedside sleep tracker, hires a CMO from DoorDash Hello will begin selling its Sense sleep tracker at Best Buy and Target Hello begins selling its bedside sleep tracker, Sense, internationally Browse more... sleep tracking Withings Aura Review: Easy, Advanced Sleep Tracking, But Leaves You Wanting More Misfit Moves Further Away From Hardware And Into Platform Territory With New Beddit Integration Withings Wants To Wake You Up Right And Provide True Sleep Tracking With The Aura Browse more... Hello launches a voice-enabled Sense bedside sleep tracker for $149 Posted Nov 1, 2016 by Matthew Lynley (@mattlynley) 0 SHARES Next Story Instapaper premium goes free for all users With Alexa and Google Assistant are gunning for control over the general voice-driven experience with technology, that might open doors for some more targeted verticals that are centered around voice. It’s not an unheard of strategy — building services and tools around specific experiences rather than trying to do it all at once has been an effective approach for many startups in Silicon Valley. Those services can even try to slot into larger platforms like an Alexa or a Google Assistant. At this point it’s essentially a time-honored tradition in Silicon Valley. And in the case of Hello, the makers of a sleep-tracking orb called Sense, that’s what they’re hoping to do with by launching new version of the device that enables voice control. “As a company we’re trying to get rid of intrusive tech from your life — how do you have more tech like Sense that blends in and disappears,” Proud said. “You should be able to say, ‘play white noise for 30 minutes,’ that’s better than opening up the phone each time. To do it well is to build it yourself.” Sense is also starting to integrate third-party devices, like the Nest thermostat and Phillips Hue light bulbs, into the overall experience for the new devices. In theory, a user might be able to ask Sense to turn on the lights at a certain time at a certain luminosity. The idea is to, again, use voice to set the environment and all the different nuances of the sleep experience through an app or through your voice. The launch comes ahead of the holiday season, often a make-or-break time for hardware companies. Poor demand can not only lead to a lot of devices sitting on shelves — as Sense is sold in big box retailers — but also could even lead to an optics issue in the case of a startup that might need financing following a poor season. Sense has made a big push to get in front of as many people as it can, like by selling internationally and beefing up its marketing staff. Hello, like any company, used existing technology for the new Sense’s voice recognition, Proud said. But as a custom piece of hardware with custom microphone technology, the company had to largely build the voice detection algorithms and voice interface on its own — an undertaking that, from the start, would have taken an enormous amount of resources and left a product un-shipped for nearly an additional year. Like other services, Sense remains in a passive listening mode that Proud said is disconnected from the cloud until a user says the words “Ok, Sense.” It’s in a similar vein to Amazon’s Alexa or Google Assistant, in the sense that the company wants to ensure users that it’s not listening to every word they are saying and only reacting to important moments of interaction. The rest of the experience — interacting with an app and sticking a small pill into your pillowcase to track your movements — is still part of the core service. At the same time, Proud said that while Alexa and Google Assistant want to be blanket tools, Hello wants to start with a more targeted approach. By initially focusing on the sleep experience — and potentially expanding beyond that over time — Sense can carve out a user experience that can be more specialized (and thus more specific) than Alexa or Google Assistant. Hello, the makers of Sense, have raised around $40 million in financing in addition to starting off as a Kickstarter campaign that raised $2.4 million. The company was valued between $250 million and $300 million in its last financing round, and also has investors like Xiaomi’s Hugo Barra, Facebook’s David Marcus and former Twitter CEO Dick Costolo. As a hardware company, the stakes are of course high with production notoriously being difficult and costly. Related Articles Hello, makers of the Sense bedside sleep tracker, hires a CMO from DoorDash Hello will begin selling its Sense sleep tracker at Best Buy and Target Hello begins selling its bedside sleep tracker, Sense, internationally Sense A Life is a car seat monitor that could save a life Sense has historically been adding additional features through firmware updates (like transforming it into a white noise machine as well as a sensor), but this one is an overhaul of the internal guts. Proud said that beyond measuring the traditional air particulates, the new device monitors carbon dioxide levels and other compounds in the air. Some of this may seem like overkill on face value, but the goal is to get a better profile of the person’s sleeping behaviors in the hope that they will be able to figure out the optimum schedule and environment that will help them get a deeper sleep. The new device is priced at $149. For now, Hello is still focused on the sleep experience. But that’s not to say that’s the only part of a person’s life upon which the company might set its eyes. Proud said the company focuses on the “big percentage” parts of users’ lives, sleep being the largest. But as a health and fitness company at heart, it’s not hard to imagine where the device might go from here — especially if it doesn’t exist only in the living room. So, imagine telling a little glowing orb on your kitchen counter that you had grilled chicken for lunch, and having that help fit into your overall health profile. That’s not where the company is right now — and it’s hard to say where things go — but it doesn’t seem too outside the realm of possibility. “We care about the full 24 hours of the day,” Proud said. “A lot of times that might not necessarily be at home. Is voice itself always going to be a part of that, maybe not. It’s less thinking about voice in this area and more thinking about what are the products we need to build to be present with you to help get an understanding of you, whether it’s on sleep, how less thinking about how we propagate voice, we’re thinking about how we build the right product at the right time to you.” “The focus for us, we don’t think about and owning rooms and spaces and these things,” Proud said. “What we care about are people — how do we help you live a better life. The reason we started with sleep is because we’re not a sleep company, but we believe sleep is the foundation to our lives. Is there a problem we’re trying to solve to help you live a better life, if that’s big enough sure but we think about other products we could build.” 0 SHARES Advertisement Advertisement Crunchbase Google Assistant Description Google Assistant is an intelligent personal assistant that works like a user’s personal Google and can engage in two-way conversation. Website https://assistant.google.com/ Full profile for Google Assistant Google Founded 1998 Overview Google is a multinational corporation that is specialized in internet-related services and products. The company’s product portfolio includes Google Search, which provides users with access to information online; Knowledge Graph that allows users to search for things, people, or places as well as builds systems recognizing speech and understanding natural language; Google Now, which provides information … Location Mountain View, CA Categories Search Engine, Blogging Platforms, Ad Network, Email, Video Streaming, Software, Information Technology Website http://www.google.com/ Full profile for Google Hello Founded 2012 Overview Hello is a technology company based in San Francisco, California that designs and produces consumer electronic hardware and accompanying software. Its first product, Sense, is a sleep tracking system launched via a successful Kickstarter campaign in 2014, successfully beating a goal of $100,000 by raising over $2.4 million. Hello announced the second version of Sense, Sense with Voice, on November … Location San Francisco, CA Categories E-Commerce, Consumer Electronics, Hardware, Software Founders James Proud Website https://hello.is Full profile for Hello Newsletter Subscriptions The Daily Crunch Get the top tech stories of the day delivered to your inbox TC Weekly Roundup Get a weekly recap of the biggest tech stories Crunchbase Daily The latest startup funding announcements Enter Address Subscribe Latest Crunch Report Snapchat Starts Selling Spectacles | Crunch Report Watch More Episodes Hello Alexa sense sleep tracking Apps Popular Posts Featured Stories Facebook chose to fight fake news with AI, not just user reports 3 hours ago | Josh Constine The best things you can do with the MacBook Pro’s Touch Bar right now 9 hours ago | Brian Heater Apple looks ahead with the new MacBook Pro 11 hours ago | Brian Heater Microsoft announces Visual Studio for Mac will launch in November 14 hours ago | John Biggs Latest From Startups India’s tech bubble is about to burst 4 hours ago | Contributor, Contributor Zugata raises $7 million to make annual performance reviews obsolete 4 hours ago | Lora Kolodny Lima beefs up its Dropbox alternative with the $129 Lima Ultra 7 hours ago | Romain Dillet Nutmeg, the UK digital wealth manager, picks up further £30M funding 7 hours ago | Steve O'Hear Comment moderation powered by Up Next Instapaper premium goes free for all users Posted Nov 1, 2016 CrunchBoard Job Listings Infrastructure Engineer Tango at The Sourcery (Mountain View, CA, United States) Senior Software Engineer @ Pared at The Sourcery (San Francisco, CA, United States) Software Engineer @ Pared at The Sourcery (San Francisco, CA, United States) Technical Content Writer @ Pantheon at The Sourcery (San Francisco, CA, United States) Staff Software Engineer @ Lending Home at The Sourcery (San Francisco, CA, United States) More from CrunchBoard Advertisement TechCrunch News Video Events Crunchbase TechCrunch Store About Staff Contact Us Advertise With Us Send Us A Tip International China Europe Japan Follow TechCrunch Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Youtube Pinterest Tumblr Instagram StumbleUpon Feed TechCrunch Apps iOS Android Windows 8 Subscribe to The Daily Crunch Latest headlines delivered to you daily Subscribe to <span class="no-mobile">Subscribe to </span>The Daily Crunch Enter Email Address Subscribe © 2013-2016 AOL Inc. All rights reserved. Aol Tech Privacy Policy About Our Ads Anti Harassment Policy Terms of Service Powered by WordPress.com VIP Fonts by News Startups Mobile Gadgets Enterprise Social Europe Asia Crunch Network Unicorn Leaderboard Gift Guides All Galleries All Timelines Videos Apps News Crunch Report Disrupt SF 2016 All Shows All Videos Events Disrupt Startup Battlefield Crunchies Meetups International City Events Hackathon Include NFL’s 1ST and Future TechCrunch Store All Events Crunchbase Message Us Most Popular Facebook chose to fight fake news with AI, not just user reports 3 hours ago by Josh Constine India’s tech bubble is about to burst 4 hours ago by Contributor Apple looks ahead with the new MacBook Pro 11 hours ago by Brian Heater A real teen’s take on Snapchat’s hot new Spectacles 51 minutes ago by Daniel Singer xAd raises $42.5M more, buys WeatherBug to boost location-specific marketing 3 hours ago by Ingrid Lunden I refuse to review Snapchat Spectacles — but I’m glad to have my hands back Nov 12, 2016 by Matthew Panzarino Why the next great SaaS company will look nothing like Salesforce yesterday by Aaref Hilaly Microsoft announces Visual Studio for Mac will launch in November 14 hours ago by John Biggs GE Digital snags ServiceMax for $915 million 4 hours ago by Ron Miller Is Netflix Disney’s next big buy and is Reed Hastings its next CEO? 20 hours ago by Peter Csathy
Events Whitepapers The Next Platform Data Center Software Security Transformation DevOps Business Personal Tech Science Emergent Tech Bootnotes Alerts Newsletters Columnists Mobile Video Quantum traffic jam of atoms could unlock origin of dark energy, physicists claim 'Ultimate Team' scheme: EA hackers charged for stealing in-game coins UK Home Secretary signs off on Lauri Love's extradition to US Fake election news meltdown vortex sucks in Google Servers HPC Cloud Storage Networks Virtualization BOFH PIR saves millions in .org rebid Cheer up, world! AWS instances just got cheaper Gotta speed up HPC arrays. Flash or disk, flash or disk. Let's do both – Seagate Portable drive, 5TB capacity. Hmm, there's something fishy here Microsoft leaks Visual Studio for Mac, then scrubs the news Hadoop for joy? ODPi 2.0's available, but questions persist Fear of Staxit: What next for ASF's Cassandra as biggest donor cuts back Mark Zuckerberg is dead – Facebook confirmed 'Ultimate Team' scheme: EA hackers charged for stealing in-game coins UK Home Secretary signs off on Lauri Love's extradition to US Origin of the beasties: Mirai botnet missing link revealed as DVR player Adult FriendFinder users get their privates exposed... again – reports The cloud is not new. What we are doing with it is Glued-shut IT wallets hindered UK govt's programmes – study Data integrity and failover in the hybrid cloud Adding trendy tech SIEM to a hybrid computing setup Fancy 15 hours of DevOps learnings, and lunch? GitHub Enterprise catches up with GitHub proper Just what everyone needs right now – an HPE chat bot wrapped in a Docker container, right? Synopsys buys Cigital in secure DevOps push Policy The Channel Fake election news meltdown vortex sucks in Google UK NHS 850k Reply-all email fail: State health service blames Accenture UK.gov has 18,000 IT contractors on its books due to dearth of skills NHS IT bod sends test email to 850k users – and then responses are sent 'reply all' WileyFox Swift 2: A new champ of the 'for around £150' market Google's new VR Daydream View will cripple your phone Google: If you think we're bad, you should take a look at Apple Sony: Get out Comedy Central, MTV – we've built a wall around Vue, the greatest wall ever SPB Geek's Guide Quantum traffic jam of atoms could unlock origin of dark energy, physicists claim Hurrah! Urinals will soon be splash-free Boffins find Galaxy making killer radiation, rule out Samsung phone as source CERN boffins see strange ... oh, wait, that's just New Zealand moving 2m north Artificial Intelligence Internet of Things Samsung flings $8bn at buyout of connected car biz Harman Race for wireless VR headset heats up Yeah, that '50bn IoT devices by 2020' claim is a load of dog toffee Top of the bots: This AI isn't a cold, cruel killing machine – it's a pop music hit machine Verity Stob Married man arrives at A&E with wedding ring stuck on todger Pythons Idle and Cleese pen anti-selfie screed Spain's Prime Minister wants to ban internet memes. No, really A cardboard desk? I won’t stand for it (actually I will) More like this Malware Adwords Security Apple fans using Chrome on alert for Mac malware Google AdWords has been spewing software nasties 1 Nov 2016 at 16:22, Iain Thomson Iain Thomson Get email alert when this author posts Common Topics Nsa, Nasa, Apple, Microsoft, Google Recent Articles Want to spy on the boss? Try this phone-mast-in-an-HP printer Supercomputers crack Saturn's ice-cold ring Apple fans using Chrome on alert for Mac malware Security researchers at Cylance have uncovered a malware-spreading campaign that uses Google AdWords to pump out rogue code to macOS users. The malefactors bought the AdWords top ranking for the search term "Google Chrome," which appeared to lead the user to www.google.com/chrome. In fact it redirected them to googlechromelive.com, which hoisted a fake download page for the popular browser. "On the other hand, the malicious download link redirects macOS users through ttb.mysofteir.com, servextrx.com, and www.bundlesconceptssend.com then ultimately downloads a malicious file named FLVPlayer.dmg," the team said in a blog posting. "The malware hash changes on each download, making it difficult to detect and track. Windows users are ultimately redirected to admin.myfilessoft.com, which returns an error due to a DNS failure." The malware, dubbed OSX/InstallMiez or OSX/InstallCore, pretends to open a file called FLV Player, although it actually loads a scareware program called Macpurifier, which tells the user that they have viruses and need to download more files, which just add to the infection. Enjoy your clean Mac? No you won't Google was informed about the scam on October 25 and pulled the AdWord advert immediately, and security vendors have been given signatures for the malware. But if you've been looking for Chrome on your Mac (what, Safari not good enough for you?) then running a scan would be a very smart move. ® Sponsored: 10 Reasons LinuxONE is the best choice for Linux workloads Tips and corrections 20 Comments More from The Register Google's Chrome cloaks Pirate Bay in red screen of malware death Scam ads abound 27 Comments Google pays $100k to anti-malware crusader Giovanni Vigna Prolific malware murderer bags Mountain View's Security, Privacy and Anti-Abuse award Google password fill effort could kill Android malware's best tricks Small boost to login speed could be a big roadblock for Marshmallow malware 11 Comments Hackers cook god-mode remote exploits against Edge, VMware in world-first Power of Community PwnFest fells first tech giants – Google Pixel, Adobe next in line 5 Comments Hackers brew Intel chip defence kit to neuter budding exploits Black Hat 2016 Researchers claim they can stop malware before it executes 4 Comments Romanian ATM hacker exploits vulnerability in FENCE, escapes jail Robber clobbered but catching carder is harder 8 Comments Whitepapers Data and Analytics Maturity Model and Business Impact How top performing enterprises use their IT investments to store, process, and use data to make more effective, real-time decisions. Licensing, compliance and audits in the cloud era VMTurbo conducted this survey to investigate the challenges organisations face maintaining software licensing compliance and strategies they implement. Six Steps to Control the Uncontrollable A step-by-step guide to help you address the challenges you face as you work to go mobile Bullet-proofing Office 365 with MAX Mail Security is a constantly evolving challenge. The Internet is a melting-pot of threats, which mutate as quickly as security companies do their best to stop them. Most read NHS IT bod sends test email to 850k users – and then responses are sent 'reply all' Your body reveals your password by interfering with Wi-Fi CERN boffins see strange ... oh, wait, that's just New Zealand moving 2m north WileyFox Swift 2: A new champ of the 'for around £150' market Encrypted email sign-ups instantly double in wake of Trump victory Spotlight Some! at! Yahoo! knew! about! mega-breach! as! early! as! 2014! Blood donors' privacy anaemic after Red Cross data breach Good luck securing 'things' when users assume 'stuff just works' Democralypse Now? US election first battle in new age of cyberwarfare You've been hacked. What are you liable for? Securing Office 365? There's always more you can do National Cyber Security Centre to shift UK to 'active' defence You call it 'hacking.' I call it 'investigation' Sponsored links Sign up to The Register to receive newsletters and alerts Follow us More content Subscribe to newsletter Top 20 stories Week’s headlines Archive Webcasts About us Privacy Company info Advertise with us Syndication Send us news tips The Register Biting the hand that feeds IT © 1998–2016 Independent news, views, opinions and reviews on the latest in the IT industry. Offices in London, San Francisco and Sydney.
null
more_vert androidAndroid App facebookFacebook gplusGoogle + twitterTwitter youtubeYouTube rssRSS Feed search close android facebook gplus twitter youtube rss whatshotNews starsReviews phone_androidPhones tabletTablets appsApps gamesGames network_cellCarriers forumForums attach_moneyDeals Download the App Our Team Tip Us Google going all out with Fantastic Beast easter eggs +6,694 Ashley King Nov 1st, 2016 JK Rowling’s Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them is heading to theaters soon and Google is celebrating with some interesting easter eggs embedded throughout its ecosystem. If you’re unfamiliar with the movie, it’s based on JK Rowling’s book of the same name, which follows the adventures of magizoologist Newt Scamander and his adventures in New York in 1926. In order to be a wizard just like Newt, Google has enabled a few “wizarding” commands that work in Google Now. Just say, “Okay, Google” followed by either “Lumos” to turn your flashlight on, or “Nox” to turn your flashlight off. “Silencio” also works to silence your ringer and notifications. Google is also bringing the world of the film to life through Google Street View. You can visit New York in 1926 as seen in the film, as well as view all the real locations today as they looked in 1926. Several locations in the film will be available including the Magical Congress of the USA, Steen National Bank, The Blind Pig, and the magical apartment of Tina and Queenie Goldstein. local_offer    Google   Google Now   Auto-load comments: Off On View comments (5) stars Further Reading Google Play Music gets smart redesign Project ARA Q&A The Verizon Pixel XL is delayed again The Play Store sees another update Verizon launches BOGO deal stars Popular this Weeklaunch 1 more_vertThis may be the Moto X 2017 closeHere’s our first look at the 2017 Moto X The Moto X 2017 may be alive and well as a new image has appeared which shows off the device’s metal body and camera cutout. 2 more_vertExclusive: Project ARA specifications, design closeExclusive: Project ARA specifications, design and photos Today’s exclusive Google Project ARA post reveals the phone’s spec sheet and 40 images which show off the phone’s unique modular design. 3 more_vertZTE wants to step up and fill the Nexus gap closeZTE wants to fill the gap left behind with the end of Nexus devices With the end of the Nexus line, there’s now a void in stock Android devices in the $400 range. ZTE is hoping to step up and fill those boots and it wants to know why you prefer stock Android devices. 4 more_vertGoogle fixing Android's fragmentation issues? closeGoogle might have a master plan to solve Android’s fragmentation issues once and for all Android’s biggest problem has always been and always will be fragmentation, though it’s nothing you can really fault Google for. But it seems the company may have a plan to change all of that. 5 more_vertGoogle hates Quick Charge closeGoogle doesn’t want you to have Quick Charge on your next smartphone Future Android updates may require manufacturers to ditch proprietary USB Type-C rapid charging technology. 6 more_vert6.3-inch Galaxy S8 plus in the works closeSamsung Galaxy S8 ‘plus’ to feature 6.3-inch bezel-less display Samsung may be planning to introduce a 6.3-inch variant of the Galaxy S8 with a bezel-less edge display 7 more_vertPokemon Go is still hiding secrets, says CEO closePokemon Go has hidden secrets that no one has found yet Pokemon Go CEO John Hanke says there’s hidden secrets in Pokemon Go that no one has discovered yet. In fact, Hanke says “we’ll see how it plays out over the next few weeks.” What could that mean? 8 more_vertOnePlus3T rumored to have 8GB of RAM closeOnePlus 3T might be first phone to feature 8GB of RAM The OnePlus 3T could be the first Android phone to feature a whopping 8GB of RAM. For reference, OnePlus launched its OnePlus 3 smartphone earlier this year with 6GB of RAM and Google’s new Pixel devices feature 4GB of RAM. 9 more_vertSamsung's new Nougat UX shown off closeHere’s an early look at Samsung’s new UX for Nougat, and it actually looks kind of good As Samsung often does, they’re refreshing their user experience and interface for Android 7.0 Nougat, and we’ve gotten our first look at their new design today. 10 more_vertGoogle lists new live cases closeGoogle Earth and Google Trends live cases appear at the Google Store Look what we have here: new live cases have shown up at the Google Store! Google is preparing to sell two new cases that’ll offer some unique flair for your smartphone. Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Phandroid.com, 2007-2016
CONTENT Reviews Columns Buyer's Guide POPULAR TOPICS Android Apple Cars Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Photography Apps Software Wearable Entertainment Science Reviews Columns Buyer's Guide Popular Topics  Android Apple Cars Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Photography Apps Software Wearable Entertainment Science Twitter Google+ Facebook Youtube RSS Search SlashGear Search Lenovo’s Google Tango phone released for sale with one tiny caveat Chris Burns - Nov 1, 2016 0 Facebook Twitter Google Reddit The first smartphone with Google Tango hardware and software is now available from Lenovo. This release is long awaited, the phone having appeared in February of 2016. Back then, in Barcelona, the company only had images of the smartphone available to see. Now in November of 2016 Lenovo has the device ready for shipment. Perhaps the strangest bit about this phone is its Preinstalled Software. Lenovo suggests that their preinstalled software “varies depending on region,” but what’s listed is as follows. Netflix is on the smartphone with SwiftKey (for its keyboard) and McAfee Security. SEE ALSO: Lenovo Phab2 Pro Tango phone first impressions It does not seem that Lenovo has dealt with McAfee to install their security app on the Phab 2 Pro because of Tango. The same app comes preinstalled on the non-Pro version of the smartphone. The same is true of both SwiftKey and Netflix – though I view those apps as much smaller offenders. McAfee Security is an app that is not made necessary by Google. Tango does not need it, nor does Google Play Services. As such, we’re hoping for the best when it comes to our ability to uninstall it when the device arrives. Above you’ll see a set of iterations of the device Lenovo made in concert with Google’s software. This Lenovo phone runs Android, but it also has a collection of unique software bits for Tango. Each Google Tango device must have a specific hardware and software to function proper. Below is a set of photos of the Lenovo Phab 2 Pro in its final hardware glory. This device is now available from Lenovo online only. It is not yet clear whether Google will also offer the device for sale as it did its first version of Tango hardware. Up until now, Google has only had developer-aimed Tango hardware available. This device is available from Lenovo for $500, while the non-Tango version costs $200. As of now, Lenovo does not seem to be aiming to get this device carried by any mobile carrier. As it is a sort of enthusiast device, you can be safe in assuming it’ll remain at Lenovo’s store as an exclusive. Story Timeline Google Tango HMD: smartphones' next step How Lenovo and Project Tango will reinvent your smartphone Gung-ho on Project Tango, Google bakes it into Android N Android starts to Tango as iPhone potential wanes Road to the next Nexus Android : HTC, Daydream, Tango, Valve Lenovo Phab 2 Pro Gallery Tags AndroidgooglehardwareLenovoNetflixPhonesProject TangosmartphoneSwiftKeyTango Must Read Bits & Bytes MacBook Pro with Touch Bar Review (late-2016) Surface Book with Performance Base Review 7 ways I’ll escape or mobilize today with technology USB-C could kill Lightning, but Apple can’t afford it Tesla reveals paid Supercharging switch in 2017 Latest Headlines Microsoft: Visual Studio for Mac preview is inbound Nov 14, 2016 Pixel Launcher tricks expand while Arrow Launcher updates Nov 14, 2016 Marshall Mid Bluetooth headphones boast 30+ hours of playback Nov 14, 2016 Telltale reportedly developing Guardians of the Galaxy game series Nov 14, 2016 Microsoft details Black Friday 2016 deals: sales start November 24 Nov 14, 2016 Latest Reviews MacBook Pro with Touch Bar Review (late-2016) Nov 14, 2016 Surface Book with Performance Base Review Nov 10, 2016 Google Daydream View Review Nov 10, 2016 LG V20 Review: Stealing the Note 7’s spotlight Nov 4, 2016 Living with Google Home Nov 3, 2016 Search © 2005-2016 SlashGear, All Rights Reserved. Site Information About Advertise Tip Us Contact Ethics Statement Privacy Policy Terms of Use Archives Social and Media Google+ Facebook Twitter YouTube RSS Feed Popular Topics Android Apple Cars Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Apps Software Wearable Entertainment Science
Subscribe | Sign in. 54° Fair See complete forecast Search menu Advanced Search Archives Site map Submit a photo News Today's news Weather Local news Town Talk Lights & Sirens Old Home Town Events Obituaries City hall Business State & regional Kansas government Crime, fire & courts Legal Announcements Schools & education First Bell KU news Heard on the Hill Haskell Couples Births Sound off Statehouse Live Sports KUsports Haskell Royals Chiefs Sporting KC High school Professional Columns KU Today Events Health Entertainment Living Faith Food Travel Home & Garden Pets Volunteers Events Health Opinion Staff blogs Editorials Letters to the editor Saturday column On the street Discussion/Forums Your turn Local columns Syndicated columns Submit your letter Multimedia Videos Photo galleries Audio slide shows Submit a photo Help Subscribe Social media directory Contact us Email & Text alerts Advanced search Submit a photo Submit a news item Emergency resources Username FAQ's Business Directory Obituaries Classifieds Jobs Real Estate Apartments Deals Coupons Circulars LJWorld.com weblogs Town Talk A presidential poll that shows how different Lawrence is than the rest of Kansas; new study ranks best small cities in America Posted by Chad Lawhorn November 1, 2016 at 10:39 a.m. Advertisement In case you hadn’t noticed, it is polling season. I think we probably agree that poll season would be more enjoyable if it involved politicians and pollsters climbing tall poles. Instead, it involves trying to predict a winner of the presidential race, which now appears is being controlled by Fidel Castro and a pair of voodoo dolls. We reported Sunday on a statewide poll that showed Donald Trump was ahead of Hillary Clinton by 8 points in Kansas. That was before the latest pin prick, also known as the FBI’s announcement regarding new emails potentially related to its investigation of Clinton. So, the results may be different now. But we also have a Douglas County poll on the presidential race, and it does a good job of illustrating just how different we are from the rest of the state. Among a sample of registered voters in Douglas County, Clinton is ahead of Trump by about 42 percentage points. In other words, there is a 50 point difference in Lawrence’s preference versus that of the state as a whole. That sounds like a new bumper sticker to me: Lawrence: 50 percent different than the state of Kansas. (I know what the rest of the state is thinking. That bumper sticker will never work in Lawrence. It is too long to fit on a Prius bumper.) Of course, all of this depends on these two polls being reasonably accurate. The statewide poll was conducted by Fort Hays State University’s Docking Institute of Public Affairs. The Douglas County poll was conducted by the Journal-World in partnership with Google Surveys. The Fort Hays State poll was a traditional telephone poll. The Journal-World poll was a form of internet polling. I guess I would label the poll as quasi-scientific. (There are science teachers choking on their cereal over such a phrase, especially the ones who know I only quasi-passed several science courses.) The Google Survey poll is much different than a standard Internet poll that allows people to vote when they want to vote and as many times as they want to vote. Instead, Google uses a program that randomly samples a portion of the approximately 35,000 daily users of the LJWorld.com website. Users have no ability to choose whether they are asked to participate in the poll or not. The survey is presented when people click on an article, and they are asked to complete the survey before they view the article. And yes, we know some of you just quickly click on an answer to get to the article. Google factors that into its analysis by red-flagging the answers that were given very quickly. So, since we will have election results in a week, this may be a good test to see how accurate the Google Survey poll is. As a side note, we’re conducting another one currently since it is possible the FBI story may change the race some. Regardless, here is a look at the findings from the Douglas County poll, which ended up with a sample of about 700 registered Douglas County voters who say they are likely to vote in the upcoming election: — 62.7 percent plan to vote for Clinton; 19.8 percent for Trump; 6.8 percent for Libertarian candidate Gary Johnson; 4.3 percent for Green Party candidate Jill Stein; and 6.4 percent plan to vote for none of the above. — In the U.S. Senate race, 62.8 percent plan to vote for Democrat Patrick Wiesner; 26.3 percent for Republican Sen. Jerry Moran; 6.7 percent for Libertarian Robert D. Garrard; and 4.2 percent for none of the above. — In the 2nd Kansas Congressional district race, 61.5 percent plan to vote for Democrat Britani Potter; 26.2 percent for Republican Rep. Lynn Jenkins; 8 percent for Libertarian James Houston Bales; and 4.2 percent for none of the above. — And when respondents were asked to rate their level of confidence that the election process in Kansas will produce results that accurately reflect the will of the voters, 60 percent of respondents ranked their confidence level 7 or higher on a scale of 1 to 10 with 10 being the highest confidence. Just under 30 percent ranked their confidence level a 3 or below. As for the presidential results, if Clinton does win about 63 percent of the Douglas County vote, that would be in line with past results. Obama won 60 percent of the Douglas County vote in 2012 and 64 percent in 2008. The difference comes on the Republican side. Trump’s 20 percent showing would be well below other Republicans in past elections. Romney in 2012 won nearly 36 percent of the Douglas County vote, while McCain won 33 percent in 2008. Related stories — Journal-World Voter Guide: 2016 Douglas County ballot In other news and notes from around town: • This may not mean much more to you than any of the presidential polls, but there is a new report out that attempts to rank about 1,000 small cities in the U.S., and Lawrence is on it. The folks at the financial website WalletHub ranked 1,268 cities with a population between 25,000 and 100,000 using primarily Census data and other federal statistics to measure income, housing, health and other categories. Lawrence ranked in the 34th percentile of the study. Top-ranked communities are in the 99th percentile. Average cities are in the 50th percentile. So, the 34th percentile is in the bottom half of the ranking. Interestingly, we ranked last among all the Kansas communities ranked. However, Lawrence ranked in the top 20 percent in the country in several categories including: economic health, No. 183; education and health No. 198 and quality of life No. 229. Lawrence received an incomplete in the category of safety rank. I’m guessing that is because the WalletHub folks couldn’t find Lawrence’s crime statistics on the FBI site. When we did our report on Lawrence crime trends, we couldn’t find information on the FBI site either. We had to get the data from the Kansas Bureau of Investigations. The area where Lawrence performed poorly, though was in the “affordability rank.” We ranked No. 910 out of 1,268. More on that in a moment. But first, here is a look at how other Kansas communities ranked overall in the report. — Leawood: 99th percentile — Shawnee: 92nd percentile — Lenexa: 88th percentile — Salina: 60th percentile — Dodge City: 59th percentile — Leavenworth: 51st percentile — Hutchinson: 50th percentile — Garden City: 46th percentile — Manhattan: 40th percentile — Lawrence: 34th percentile I’m dubious about some of the findings of this report. I’m pretty confident there are several cities on this Kansas list that would trade overall situations with Lawrence today. Lawrence and Manhattan both may be hurt some by being college communities and naturally having some income statistics that are skewed downward by the large number of students who don’t earn much at this point in their lives. But, the affordability issue is one that is drawing a lot of attention from Lawrence leaders. This report actually serves as a good reminder about how differently affordability can be viewed. Any guesses on what the third most affordable small city in America is, according to this report? Answer: Leawood. Let me assure you home prices in Leawood are far higher than they are in Lawrence. By my calculations, the average wage earner in Lawrence could afford a home in Leawood as long as the human body can withstand giving about 182 quarts of plasma per day. The median value of a home in Leawood is $210,000 more than the median value of a home in Lawrence. Leawood’s median home checks in at about $388,000. But the median household income in Leawood is also about $87,000 more than it is in Lawrence. Leawood’s median income checks in at about $134,000. So, while it is still a little tough to hear affordable and Leawood together, the report does highlight that affordability doesn’t necessarily hinge on how much a home costs, but rather how much you have left over after you pay your housing expenses. That means there are a couple of different ways to address affordability. You can look at lowering how much homes sell for, work to increase the amount people earn, or some combination of the two. Lawrence leaders understand that equation. Doing any of those things on a large scale, though, is difficult. Lawrence leaders have a lot to think about to truly find an answer for Lawrence’s affordability issues. Print 4 comments E-mail to a friend Facebook Tweet LinkedIn StumbleUpon Google + Tumblr Wordpress Reddit Copy and paste the link: Comments Larry Sturm 1 week, 6 days ago We now have a better understanding of why KU is being treated treated so poorly. 2 Sign in to reply Sign in to suggest removal Dorothy Hoyt-Reed 1 week, 6 days ago Yep. A lot like the Bridgegate going on in New Jersey. 2 Sign in to reply Sign in to suggest removal Bob Smith 1 week, 6 days ago If smug could be turned into electricity, Lawrence could power half the state. 2 Sign in to reply Sign in to suggest removal Rick Masters 1 week, 6 days ago This post is so ironic, it probably ripped a hole in space-time. 3 Sign in to reply Sign in to suggest removal Sign in to comment Login/Signup Reply 4 comments from Tags election Presidential race affordability Douglas County WalletHub Marketplace Lawrence Gymnastics & Athletics 785-865-0856 Find more businesses on Marketplace Arts & Entertainment · Bars · Theatres · Restaurants · Coffeehouses · Libraries · Antiques · Services Most discussed Most e-mailed Your Turn: Time to consider changes to Lawrence government November 14, 2016 · 10 comments Several hundred protest President-elect Trump in downtown Lawrence November 12, 2016 · 89 comments Observers worry Trump campaign's disdain for civility could leave lasting damage November 14, 2016 · 8 comments KU women drop season opener to Missouri State, 87-64 November 14, 2016 · 1 comment Opinion: It's mourning in America November 13, 2016 · 34 comments Editorial: The great gathering November 11, 2016 · 16 comments Kansas and middle America still a puzzle for national Democrats November 13, 2016 · 27 comments Blog: An all-you-can-eat chain restaurant files plans for south Iowa Street location November 14, 2016 · 3 comments Trump's win brings disappointment and hope for area voters November 9, 2016 · 73 comments Kansas Supreme Court turns attention to cases that fueled ouster efforts November 14, 2016 · 1 comment More Self still seeking rebounding help as KU prepares for top-ranked Duke November 13, 2016 Kansas and middle America still a puzzle for national Democrats November 13, 2016 More Advertisement Sections Today's news / Local / State / Sports / Entertainment / Living / Business / Opinion / Faith / Politics / LJWorld.com News archives / About / Feedback / Contact / Media licensing requests / Terms of service / Staff / Jobs / Sitemap / e-Edition Services Subscribe / Advertising / Customer service / Online store Submit News / Photo / Events / Engagement / Wedding / Anniversary / Obituary / Births / Letter to the Editor / Press release / DMCA Notice Also online Photos / Podcasts / Videos / Circulars / Mobile edition / Email Alerts & Newsletters / Kansas Weddings Magazine / Social media directory Contents of this site are © Copyright 2016 The World Company. All rights reserved. See our terms of use for RSS feeds.
9to5Mac 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Android Chrome/OS Guides Android Android Wear Android Auto Nexus Chromebook Google Apps Android TV YouTube Trending in Google Corporate Review: Google’s Daydream View is casual VR done better w/ a game-changing controller Trending in Google Corporate Google Home Review: A solid start, but not yet as capable as its Echo archenemy [Video] Trending in Google Corporate Feature Request: Four ways that Google Pixel’s fingerprint sensor could be much more useful Trending in Google Corporate LG V20 Review: For spec-hungry Android enthusiasts, it’s the best Android phablet you can buy [Video] Trending in Google Corporate Review: Lenovo’s YOGA Book is a futuristic take on a 2-in-1 tablet, and it’s pretty fantastic [Video] Trending in Google Corporate Review: The Xiaomi Mi Box hits the 4K/$69 sweet spot for Android TV November 1 GOOG: 783.61 -0.93 Google Tango officially launches as Lenovo’s Phab 2 Pro goes up for sale for $500 Stephen Hall - 2 weeks ago @hallstephenj Android Lenovo Google Tango Lenovo Phab2 Pro View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit Google has today released its Tango platform out into the world, and the first phone to get the new AR capabilities from Google is Lenovo’s Phab2 Pro. We first told you about the Phab2 Pro when it was announced at a Lenovo event back in June, and now it’s finally available online and at retail for $500… The big story with this device is Tango, of course, which is camera and sensor hardware built in to the phone that enables some interesting AR experiences. Apps like iStaging let you visualize what furniture will look like in your home before you buy it, while Matterport’s Scenes lets you capture images of real-life scenes in 3D using the Tango hardware. There are plenty of other apps launching with the Phab2 Pro — 35 of them to be exact. As we told you before, the device is all-metal with a Qualcomm Snapdragon 652 octa-core processor, along with 4GB of RAM. The phone also has a 16MP primary camera on the back which can shoot 4K video, and you’ll find a massive 6.4-inch QHD display on the front. The Phab2 Pro will also feature Dolby Audio Capture 5.1 along with Dolby Atmos for improved audio recording and playback. As mentioned, pricing for the Phab2 Pro lands at $499.99, and it’s available right now at Lenovo’s website. You should also soon be able to pick one up at Lowe’s and other retail locations sometime soon — but the exact details on this aren’t clear quite yet. Check out our hands-on with the device below:   Guides Android Breaking news for Android. Get the latest on apps, carriers, devices, and more! View THe Guide Lenovo View THe Guide Google Tango View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options.
U.S. Editions Australia Edition China Edition India Edition Italy Edition Japan Edition Singapore Edition United Kingdom United States Nov 14, 7:21 PM EST Subscribe Everything You Need To Know, Right Now. Stay connected to the biggest stories unfolding in technology. The IBTech Newsletter keeps you connected to the biggest stories unfolding in technology. Please enter a valid email Search Search Business Technology World National Media & Culture Millennial Money Entertainment Sports Subscribe Technology Lenovo Phab 2 Pro With Tango, Price, Specs, Apps, Gaming: What You Need To Know By Karen Tumbokon On 11/01/16 AT 12:00 PM Close The Phab 2 Pro is the first consumer device with Google’s Tango AR technology In 2016, Lenovo announced a new range of smartphones coming to the US, The Phab 2 and Phab 2 Plus. The Phab 2 Pro is the first consumer device with Google’s Tango augmented reality technology. Tango, formerly known as Project Tango, is full of augmented reality features. Tango gives mobile devices the ability to use three core technologies: Motion Tracking, Area Learning and Depth Perception. Motion Tracking means a Tango device can track its own movement through 3D space. This means you can walk around with a device and move it forward, backward, up, or down, or go in any direction, and it can tell you where it’s facing. With Motion Tracking, the device can see visual features of the area it's moving through but can’t remember them. With depth perception, your device can understand the shape of your surroundings. This allows you to create an “augmented reality,” where virtual objects can appear and interact with your environment. The Phab 2 Pro goes on sale for $499 The first Tango phone, the Lenovo Phab 2 Pro, goes on sale Tuesday for $499. In addition to the Phab 2 Pro’s launch, Google announced more than 35 new Tango apps, which will be available on the Play Store. You can buy the Phab 2 Pro from Lenovo here. A full list of apps can be found here. The Phab 2 Pro has an amazing large display The Phab 2 Pro is similar to other Phab 2 models in the way it has a large 6.4-inch display and similar design. The Pro’s screen is quad HD and powered by Qualcomm’s Snapdragon 652 processor. It also has a 16-megapixel camera, 4GB of RAM, a fingerprint scanner, 4,050mAh battery and all the features you would want on an Android smartphone. The Gorilla Glass also protects your screen from any potential scratches. The Phab 2 Pro has a wide-angel camera Related Stories Google's First Project Tango Phone To Release Next Month Lenovo Yoga Tab 3 Plus Is The Tablet For Binge-Watching Besides the Tango technology, The Phab 2 Pro has a wide-angle camera and depth-sensing unit to the 16-megapixel camera. The Phab 2 Pro’s 3D camera scans outside surroundings and creates 3D maps that can be used for augmented reality games, graphics and more. The Phab 2 Pro comes with Dolby Audio Capture 5.1 The Phab 2 Pro is one of the first smartphones with Dolby Audio Capture 5.1, which lets you record quality audio. There are three built-in microphones that capture sound, and 360-degree noise cancellation that offers maximum clarity. The Phab 2 Pro is a major milestone when it comes to the development of Tango, as it’s the first phone for consumers to purchase. While it’s still early when it comes to the technology, the size of the Phab 2 Pro will make it more compelling. Join the Discussion Most Read Stay connected to the biggest stories unfolding in technology. The IBTech Newsletter keeps you connected to the biggest stories unfolding in technology. Please enter a valid email Business The Amazon Deals To Shop Now Amazon is already offering deals on everything for Black Friday, from electronics to clothes. These are the deals to shop now leading up to its Cyber Monday and Black Friday sales. Technology Phil Schiller On Removing Physical Keyboard From Mac Devices Apple’s senior vice president of worldwide marketing, Phil Schiller, has addressed the speculation that the addition of the Touch Bar into the new MacBook Pros signifies the company’s plan to totally ditch the physical keyboard. World Israeli Leader Says It's Time To Reset Palestinian Peace Process Naftali Bennet is urging the Israeli government to "seize the opportunity" presented by the election of Donald Trump in the U.S. to abandon the two-state solution as part of the Palestinian peace process. National Chicago, LA Officials To Oppose Increased Deportations Mental health officials say the threat of deportation has produced despair among young people who were brought here illegally as children by their parents and now face ejection. © Copyright 2016 IBT Media Inc. All Rights Reserved. IBT About Us Advertise with Us Media Kit Terms of Service Privacy Policy Editions Australia China India Italy Japan Singapore United Kingdom United States
Features Reviews Phones Android iPhone Windows Phone Apps Computers Laptops Lenovo Tablets Windows Tutorials Events More Audio Crowfunding Design/Concepts Gadgets Gaming General Photo/Video Web Ubergizmo in French Ubergizmo in German Ubergizmo in Italian Ubergizmo in Spanish T-Mobile’s Pixel Offer Now Live For Simple Choice Unlimited Customers Too By Adnan Farooqui on 11/01/2016 08:43 PST Google may have made the Pixel and Pixel XL smartphones exclusive to Verizon in the United States but it’s also selling the device unlocked and off-contract directly online. This allowed T-Mobile to one-up Verizon by offering 50 percent off the cost of a Pixel smartphone via bill credits to customers who purchased their Pixel directly from Google or any other retailer and brought it over to T-Mobile. This offer was only limited to T-Mobile One subscribers previously and has now been extended to customers on the Simple Choice Unlimited plan. Magenta previously required Pixel owners to sign up for the T-Mobile One plan in order to get the $325 in bill credits. That might have made some customers reconsider about jumping ship to T-Mobile so the carrier has made amends. Starting this week, customers with a 32GB Pixel smartphone can take advantage of the 50 percent off promotion even if they want to opt for the carrier’s Simple Choice Unlimited plan. T-Mobile has updated its website to reflect this change and it’s now going to honor this offer for these customers as well. This is bound to bring in even more customers for T-Mobile as it seeks to take full advantage of the Pixel despite the fact that the smartphone is exclusive to Verizon in the United States. Its antics certainly won’t be sitting well with Big Red, but Magenta has made a name for itself by always being a thorn in the competition’s side. Filed in Cellphones. Read more about Google, pixel, pixel xl and T-Mobile. Related Articles 2016-11-13 T-Mobile Could Launch Blue Coral Galaxy S7 Edge Soon 2016-11-13 Upcoming T-Mobile Tuesday Offers Discount On UE Speakers 2016-11-07 SyncUp Drive Is T-Mobile's Connected Car Solution 2016-11-06 Alcatel Idol 4S With Windows 10 Won't Be Released In Europe 2016-11-01 Google Clarifies Charging Speeds Of Its Pixel Phones 2016-10-27 T-Mobile One Ups Verizon On Google Pixel With $325 In Bill Credits 2016-10-27 Google’s Pixel Phones Could Be Headed For T-Mobile 2016-10-20 Google's 4K Chromecast And Daydream View VR Headset Go On Sale Google Exec: iPhone Crystallized Smartphone UI Design Teens Killed While Trying To Take A Selfie With A Plane Apple Sued For Apparently Crippling The iPhone 4S With iOS 9 Update North Korea’s Red Star OS Has Absolutely Zero Privacy Son Waits 8 Years To Pull Revenge Xbox Prank On His Dad GoPro Attached To A Cannonball Results In Pretty Interesting Footage User Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments
Whoops! It looks like portions of our site are being blocked! Check your browser settings or contact your network administrator. FCC: No, Our Rules Are Not An Excuse For AT&T To Block Google Fiber In Louisville Share on Facebook Share on Twitter RSS Feed Tweet Share FCC: No, Our Rules Are Not An Excuse For AT&T To Block Google Fiber In Louisville Image courtesy of frankieleon November 1, 2016 10:56 am EST By Kate Cox@kcoxdc leave us out of this google fiber at&t louisville fcc broadband competition kentucky Despite recently putting many Fiber plans on hold, there’s still a decent chance Google might bring its high-speed internet service to Louisville. And where there’s the possibility of competition, lawsuits arrive to stop it. Some of those complaints invoke the FCC, but the Commission has now chimed in — and it’s saying, basically: Hey, not so fast! Leave us out of this; you’re on your own. AT&T sued the city of Louisville way back in February, after the city passed an ordinance that would make it easier for competitors to come to town. (Charter, not wanting to feel left out, filed a very similar lawsuit in October.) The rule in question, a one-touch make-ready ordinance, is basically the same kind of law that’s being challenged in Nashville as well. One-touch laws basically make it so anyone stringing up new cables on an existing utility pole can do it with, well, one touch: the new folks can literally touch and move an existing cable to make room for their own, as long as they give fair warning first, and so long as they don’t actually interfere with the cable or the service it provides. (You can move ’em, not cut ’em.) Cities that want to woo Google Fiber to town routinely start with an ordinance like that, if they don’t have one, because without it, a new company (Google) would need to have someone come out from AT&T and Charter — and anyone else in town, like the electric utility — to come handle every single cable that needs moving at all on every single pole in the city they need to access. Multiply all those people times the 30, 45, or 60-day windows they usually have to make good on each request, and you can see that the timeline for installing new service would stretch out not just by months but by years or decades. So that makes the flip side also true: if you can block the one-touch law, you may be able to block the entrance of a new competitor into your market, and keep all those juicy customer dollars for yourself. Which brings us back to AT&T’s lawsuit. When you’re trying to block a law you don’t like, it makes legal sense to make as many different arguments as you can for why that rule shouldn’t be allowed. So in broad strokes, AT&T is making three different claims about the Louisville ordinance: that it breaks two different existing Kentucky state laws, and one federal one. In the original complaint (PDF), AT&T contends that the FCC’s pole attachment regulations draw “specific lines to weigh and balance various competing interests,” and that the ordinance passed in Louisville conflicts with those procedures. Therefore, because of federalism and all, since the Louisville ordinance is in violation of a superseding federal law, it’s unconstitutional. Yesterday, however, the FCC formally sent a letter (PDF) to the Justice Department requesting that it, in turn, file a statement in the case explaining why the existing FCC regulations have nothing to do with it. In fact, the letter says, the FCC has routinely found that it is exactly this make-ready delaying tactic that prevents competition from being built swiftly, forming “significant obstacles” for new entrants. Those incumbent companies “have little incentive to cooperate, especially if the applicant will be a competitor,” the FCC notes. And since one of the FCC’s mandates is to protect and promote competition, helping block it would be a bit counterintuitive to say the least. The FCC did create national-level guidelines about pole access and make-ready work, the letter continues, but Congress explicitly authorized individual states that have adopted their own policies to opt out of the federal ones. There are 20 of those states (plus D.C.) that have opted out in this “reverse pre-emption,” the FCC notes — and Kentucky is indeed one of them. In short, the Commission notes, the federal pole attachment regulations “do not apply here.” And moreover, the one-touch make-ready ordinance directly supports the goals Congress has given the FCC to “encourage the deployment of advanced telecommunications capability” to all Americans in a “reasonable and timely basis,” so… they’re in favor. The letter concludes simply: “For the reasons stated above, there is no conflict between the federal pole-attachment regulations and the Louisville ordinance,” the end. That does mean one leg of AT&T’s three-legged legal stool is now swept out from under them in Louisville. However, they do still have the two claims about violation of state law to pursue. And in that, they can stay in company with Charter — the latter’s lawsuit makes note on page 20 that Kentucky has indeed participated in reverse pre-emption since 1981. [via Ars Technica] November 1, 2016 By Kate Cox@kcoxdc leave us out of this google fiber at&t louisville fcc broadband competition kentucky Tell a friend: Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pocket (Opens in new window) Click to email (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Related dispatches from the death star AT&T Sues Louisville To Make City Less Attractive To Google Fiber party in the courtroom Comcast Joins AT&T, Sues Nashville To Slow Down Google Fiber Construction here we go AT&T Taking Nashville To Court To Try To Slow Down Google Fiber slow your roll Charter Files Lawsuit To Slow Rollout Of Google Fiber In City Where It’s Not Even Offered Yet so sue us Nashville Council Adopts Law To Let Google Fiber Come To Town; AT&T Prepares To Sue Previous Toyota Testing Keyless Car-Sharing Program With Getaround Next Dad Hands Out Candy On Flight So Daughter Won’t Miss Trick-Or-Treating Part of  Founded in 2005, Consumerist is an independent source of consumer news and information published by Consumer Media LLC, a not-for-profit subsidiary of Consumer Reports. Donate About Us Connect With Us No Commercial Use Policy Privacy Policy User Agreement Work With Us Want Consumerist in your inbox? We will not sell or rent your email Feed Google+ Twitter Facebook Next Up: Dad Hands Out Candy On Flight So Daughter Won’t Miss Trick-Or-Treating Return to Top Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
CONTENT Reviews Columns Buyer's Guide POPULAR TOPICS Android Apple Cars Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Photography Apps Software Wearable Entertainment Science Reviews Columns Buyer's Guide Popular Topics  Android Apple Cars Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Photography Apps Software Wearable Entertainment Science Twitter Google+ Facebook Youtube RSS Search SlashGear Search How to get Google Pixel fingerprint swipe gestures on Nexus 6P Chris Burns - Nov 1, 2016 0 Facebook Twitter Google Reddit Fingerprint Cards has confirmed that the Nexus 6P and 5X have the same sensor as the Google Pixel and Pixel XL. As such, developers hypothesize that the same implementation of code could be possible. A similar set of firmware codes would need to appear on the Google Pixel and Pixel XL for this to happen. For this to happen, Google would need to dedicate time to making it happen. The Issue Google guarantees Android version updates to the Nexus 5X and Nexus 6P for two years. As Google puts it, this means the Nexus 5X and 6P will get Android version updates until September 2017. Unfortunately this does not mean that the 5X and 6P will get firmware updates for specific pieces of hardware. Nexus 6P and 5X owners are completely within their right to want and expect their device to get all updates until next year. They’re also quite right to expect that similar bits of hardware have similar capabilities. This does not mean that Google is bound by legal ties to assure firmware updates. Fingerprint swipe gestures could be possible on the Nexus 6P and Nexus 5X. It is also possible that the MOTOACTV could run the same software as the Moto 360. They have the same processor, after all. But Motorola never promised that their years-old device would have capabilities not yet invented in 2011. The Solution In a similar fashion, Google did not promise in 2014 that their Nexus 6P and 5X would have fingerprint gestures. Third-party developers have created fingerprint gesture recognition for the Nexus 6P and 5X. Users have only to have a peek at Fingerprint Quick Gestures, an app made by ztc1997. This app does not need a rooted smartphone, but if the phone has root, it is more powerful. In this app is the ability to use several gestures with a fingerprint sensor – more than the Pixel. More than what Google provides with the Pixel or the Pixel XL. Users that wish to work with Fingerprint Quick Action do so of their own free will. SlashGear does not assume any responsibility for downloads or runs of the app linked. If you do use the app, let us know which device you tried it on and how it worked! Story Timeline Galaxy S7 vs Google Pixel Camera Review : Test the Best 3 reasons to buy Google Pixel and 3 to wait The Best Google Pixel XL case Review Google Pixel XL VS LG V20 blind camera battle: Test the Best I took Google’s Pixel XL on a photo tour down the Enchanted Highway Google's Pixel cords go "Pro" while MacBook wavers Tags Androidfingerprint sensorsgoogleGoogle PixelhardwareMotorolanexusNexus 5XNexus 6PpixelPixel XLsmartphone Must Read Bits & Bytes MacBook Pro with Touch Bar Review (late-2016) Surface Book with Performance Base Review 7 ways I’ll escape or mobilize today with technology USB-C could kill Lightning, but Apple can’t afford it Tesla reveals paid Supercharging switch in 2017 Latest Headlines TSB probes plane’s near-collision with drone: two people hurt Nov 14, 2016 Microsoft: Visual Studio for Mac preview is inbound Nov 14, 2016 Pixel Launcher tricks expand while Arrow Launcher updates Nov 14, 2016 Marshall Mid Bluetooth headphones boast 30+ hours of playback Nov 14, 2016 Telltale reportedly developing Guardians of the Galaxy game series Nov 14, 2016 Latest Reviews MacBook Pro with Touch Bar Review (late-2016) Nov 14, 2016 Surface Book with Performance Base Review Nov 10, 2016 Google Daydream View Review Nov 10, 2016 LG V20 Review: Stealing the Note 7’s spotlight Nov 4, 2016 Living with Google Home Nov 3, 2016 Search © 2005-2016 SlashGear, All Rights Reserved. Site Information About Advertise Tip Us Contact Ethics Statement Privacy Policy Terms of Use Archives Social and Media Google+ Facebook Twitter YouTube RSS Feed Popular Topics Android Apple Cars Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Apps Software Wearable Entertainment Science
News New Music Culture Features Lists The Archives Share < br />this article: Culture \ New Google Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them App Lets You Turn Your Phone Into a Wand Winston Cook-Wilson // November 1, 2016 Share < br />this article: CREDIT: Warner Bros. YouTube Google, in collaboration with Warner Bros., has unveiled a new multiplatform app to coincide with the November 18 release of the J.K.-Rowling-scripted film adaptation Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them, which is set in the extended Harry Potter universe. The app’s capabilities include a Google Maps-driven tour of mythical, wizard-populated 1926 New York, where the film is set. There will also be a component—accessible with a Daydream View VR headset—which allows you to “explore the magic of [Eddie Redmayne’s character] Newt’s case, a treasure trove full of everything he needs to cast spells, solve puzzles and find his beasts” by using your phone as a wand. If you want more limited, IRL wand capabilities, “OK Google” voice commands will allow you to do a limited number of “spells,” including turning on your phone’s flashlight (“Lumos!”) or shuttering the phone (“Nox!”) “Silenco” should be self-explanatory. Life in your home city is about to get a lot more annoying, presumably; consider staying indoors for a few days. Tags: apps, fantastic beasts and where to find them, Harry Potter, Virtual Reality 0 Recommended for you \ Pretty Soon We’ll Be Able to Experience ABBA in Virtual Reality Boiler Room Is Opening a Virtual Reality Music Venue in London Thanks to Live Nation, You May Soon Be “Attending” “Concerts” in Virtual Reality Harry Potter Wants to Be Iggy Pop Now The App That Kinda-Sorta Plays Vinyl Through Your Phone Meet SXSW Interactive’s Biggest Highlight Comments Reviews \ Read More » Review: Body/Head Draw Narrative From Noise on Impressive Live Album No Waves Review: Lambchop Wring Pathos and Humor Out of the Machine on FLOTUS Review: Cakes da Killa’s Hedonism Brings Lust and Rage to the Dance Floor Lady Gaga’s Newest Character Is a Dive Bar Queen Named Joanne Bull Sessions. Sign up for the SPIN newsletter and stay in the know. Thank you for signing up for our newsletter. You will receive a confirmation shortly. Submit Editor's Picks The 50 Best Albums of 2016 So Far The 100 Greatest David Bowie Moments The 66 Best Songs of 2016 So Far MOBILE SITE SPIN is a member of SpinMusic, a division of SpinMedia Group About Spin About SpinMedia Advertise Contact SpinMedia Privacy Policy Copyright SpinMedia | SPIN / VIBE / Celebuzz / The Superficial / The Frisky / Death and Taxes / Stereogum / Go Fug Yourself / Celebslam / Sounds Like Nashville
By reading this site you agree to our cookie policy. Click to find out more. [x] Win a Gigabyte GTX 1070 G1 Gaming Bundle [x] HOME TECH GAMING BUSINESS CONSUMER MOBILE HEXUS.TV TRUST COMPETITIONS FORUMS SEARCH You are here: Software News 5 Google reveals actively exploited unpatched Windows flaw by Mark Tyson on 1 November 2016, 10:01 Tags: Google (NASDAQ:GOOG), Microsoft (NASDAQ:MSFT), Adobe (NASDAQ:ADBE) Quick Link: HEXUS.net/qadamk Add to My Vault: Google has gone public, disclosing a pair of critical software vulnerabilities, that are being actively exploited in the wild, "to protect users". Via the Google Security Blog the Mountain View tech firm revealed that it had reported zero-day vulnerabilities to Microsoft and Adobe on Friday 21st October. While Adobe updated Flash on 26th October, Microsoft has yet to act to patch its Windows local privilege escalation vulnerability. In Google's words "The Windows vulnerability is a local privilege escalation in the Windows kernel that can be used as a security sandbox escape. It can be triggered via the win32k.sys system call NtSetWindowLongPtr() for the index GWLP_ID on a window handle with GWL_STYLE set to WS_CHILD. Chrome's sandbox blocks win32k.sys system calls using the Win32k lockdown mitigation on Windows 10, which prevents exploitation of this sandbox escape vulnerability." We haven't been given any further information about how the above described Microsoft vulnerability is being exploited in the wild. However, it could be said that Adobe has managed to update its software in a much more timely manner, as its Flash plugin is a much less complex piece of software than the Windows OS. Microsoft admittedly hasn't released any fix or detailed advisory as yet but a few hours ago it told VentureBeat "We believe in coordinated vulnerability disclosure, and today’s disclosure by Google puts customers at potential risk." The Microsoft spokesperson added that "Windows is the only platform with a customer commitment to investigate reported security issues and proactively update impacted devices as soon as possible. We recommend customers use Windows 10 and the Microsoft Edge browser for the best protection". Further indications from VentureBeat's source suggest that the Windows vulnerability piggybacked off the vulnerable Flash plugin so is mitigated by Adobe's swift action. The above news has echoes of a spat between Google and Microsoft in January 2015. At that time Microsoft criticised Google Project Zero's inflexibility. Related Reading 4 Microsoft shows off Surface Dial control possibilities in 5 videos Videos range from painting and graphic arts, to architecture, to music notation. 7 Google DeepMind takes on StarCraft II The AI researchers take a big step beyond board games like Chess and Go. 13 Recent Nvidia drivers include telemetry logging functionality It isn't known exactly what data Nvidia is collecting, or why it wants it. Microsoft intros Unified Update Platform for compact updates Futuremark releases VRMark virtual reality benchmark Dell's Intel-based Windows 10 smartphone renders revealed Microsoft ceases OEM sales of Windows 7 Pro and Windows 8.1 Google unveils its Daydream View VR headset, Chromecast Ultra HEXUS Forums :: 5 Comments Login with Forum Account User Name Password Don't have an account? Register today! Posted by Ttaskmaster - Tue 01 Nov 2016 12:14 “The Windows vulnerability is a local privilege escalation in the Windows kernel that can be used as a security sandbox escape. It can be triggered via the win32k.sys system call NtSetWindowLongPtr() for the index GWLP_ID on a window handle with GWL_STYLE set to WS_CHILD. Chrome's sandbox blocks win32k.sys system calls using the Win32k lockdown mitigation on Windows 10, which prevents exploitation of this sandbox escape vulnerability.” Can someone put that in simple English please? I tried it in Google Translate, but got nothing… :D Posted by qasdfdsaq - Tue 01 Nov 2016 12:55 Ttaskmaster “The Windows vulnerability is a local privilege escalation in the Windows kernel that can be used as a security sandbox escape. It can be triggered via the win32k.sys system call NtSetWindowLongPtr() for the index GWLP_ID on a window handle with GWL_STYLE set to WS_CHILD. Chrome's sandbox blocks win32k.sys system calls using the Win32k lockdown mitigation on Windows 10, which prevents exploitation of this sandbox escape vulnerability.” Can someone put that in simple English please? I tried it in Google Translate, but got nothing… :DA program running in a protected/sandboxed environment can escape and run code as the user or as an administrator by exploiting a bug in the way Windows handles window settings. It doesn't work in Chrome because Chrome blocks the method and subsystem used to set window settings. Posted by Ttaskmaster - Tue 01 Nov 2016 16:29 OK, yeah, that's a little concerning. Posted by LSG501 - Tue 01 Nov 2016 22:59 While obviously the issue with Windows does need fixing I'd actually say what Google is doing announcing it after 7 days is worse because we all know it will take more than that to fix an os problem. It's also a bit hypocritical to be announcing Windows issues when there's plenty of unpatched versions of their own OS out in the wild with just as serious consequences. Posted by HollyDOL - Wed 02 Nov 2016 07:50 LSG501 While obviously the issue with Windows does need fixing I'd actually say what Google is doing announcing it after 7 days is worse because we all know it will take more than that to fix an os problem. It's also a bit hypocritical to be announcing Windows issues when there's plenty of unpatched versions of their own OS out in the wild with just as serious consequences. I have to agree. While the bug in Windows is serious, you still need malware to be downloaded and executed on victim computer. I _guess_ decent antivirus will be able to detect such a malware quite soon. Having a week to alter kernel, run all tests, validate on multitude of environments Windows run on, sign and publish… There is no chance to do that in a week… And the very people screaming about ‘end-of-world’ security hole would be screaming about ‘broken-and-ever-bugged’ system. Kernel is not a ms paint where if you screw something out, it's no biggy, it really needs time to be done properly and it's way too critical component to haste it. MY HEXUS Sign in for the best HEXUS experience LOG IN REGISTER HEXUS NEWSLETTER MOST VIEWED MOST COMMENTED 1 Recent Nvidia drivers include telemetry logging functionality 13 2 Intel's on-die silicon photonics tech is mind-blowing says analyst 11 3 AOC AGON 35-inch 'Extremely Curved' gaming monitor launched 13 4 Razer Blade Stealth 7 5 Shipping manifest hints at Nvidia GeForce GTX 1080 Ti 10GB VRAM 16 1 QOTW: Which CPU is inside your PC(s)? 103 2 Shipping manifest hints at Nvidia GeForce GTX 1080 Ti 10GB VRAM 16 3 Recent Nvidia drivers include telemetry logging functionality 13 4 AOC AGON 35-inch 'Extremely Curved' gaming monitor launched 13 5 MSI VR One VR backpack PC hits retail, costing around £2000 12 EVENTS ALL EVENTS POLL FACEBOOK INDUSTRY PRESS RELEASES 1 TYAN Displays HPC Platforms for Enterprises and Data Centers to Accelerate HPC Market Growth at SC16 2 AMD Releases the Most Versatile Open Source Platform for GPU Computing 3 The New Alienware 13 Marks the Arrival of the World’s First 13-inch VR Notebook 4 Chillblast becomes official Fnatic PC supplier 5 CORSAIR Launches New HARPOON RGB Gaming Mouse and K55 RGB Gaming Keyboard 6 Samsung's latest smartwatch, the Gear S3, to launch 18th November in the UK INFORMATION About us Advertise Contact us How Competitions work How we test About Cookies What our awards mean Privacy and terms of use SUBSCRIPTIONS RSS / Alerts / Twitter Facebook / Newsletter Unsubscribe HEXUS Community Members: 408,173 Forum posts: 2,558,620 Forum threads: 246,612 Currently active users: 540 Copyright © 1998 - 2016, HEXUS.net. All rights reserved. HEXUS® is a registered trademark.
Toggle navigation    Home Pakistan Islamabad Punjab Sindh Khyber Pakhtunkhwa Balochistan Gilgit Bultistan Azad Jammu & Kashmir World Business Sport Life & Style Opinion Blogs Features Today's Paper E-PAPER Archives Google unveils Windows 10’s security flaw Microsoft spokesman says coordinated vulnerability disclosure should have been the way as public disclosure puts customers at potential risk By: Web Desk 01-Nov-16 Popular Authorities Identify Junaid Khan as hero who prevented large scale massacre 02-Sep-16 Authorities Identify Junaid Khan as hero who pr ... Rs8.4m generators for Sharifs, as nation bears load-shedding 01-Jul-16 Top News Bilawal calls Modi’s govt bloodthirsty   15-Nov-16 KARACHI: Pakistan People's Par ... Govt asked to review cabinet’s security body 15-Nov-16 ISLAMABAD: Pakistan People's P ... Google disclosed information on security flaws in Windows 10 and Flash on its security blog on Monday. The tech giant decided to share the news 10 days after Google discovered the Windows vulnerability and reported it to Microsoft. The security bug allows hackers to escape from a security sandbox using the win32k system and is serious enough to be characterised as critical. The bug explained on Google’s blog provides a general overview of what the security flaw is and does not give enough information for hackers to exploit it. However, the fact that a security flaw does exists without a patch will get hackers searching viable ways to exploit it. While Adobe has updated the Flash, addressing the vulnerability, Google claimed that Microsoft has failed to address the issue forcing it to go public. “We are today disclosing the existence of a remaining critical vulnerability in Windows for which no advisory or fix has yet been released. This vulnerability is particularly serious because we know it is being actively exploited.” According to Google, the Windows vulnerability is a local privilege escalation in the Windows kernel that can be used as a security sandbox escape. Microsoft does not seem happy with Google’s move to disclose the information and issued a harsh statement. “We believe in coordinated vulnerability disclosure, and today’s disclosure by Google puts customers at potential risk,” a Microsoft spokesperson told VentureBeat. The spokesperson went on to say, “Windows is the only platform with a customer commitment to investigate reported security issues and proactively update impacted devices as soon as possible. We recommend customers use Windows 10 and the Microsoft Edge browser for the best protection,” he added. A source close to the company also said that the security vulnerability on Windows requires the Adobe vulnerability to be exploited. Since Adobe created a patch for Flash, hacker won’t be able to exploit the Windows security flaw. This article originally appeared on VentureBeat. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus E-Paper Aaj Kal Sunday Magazine Facebook Daily Times Instagram Twitter Tweets by @DailyTimes_DT SoundCloud sunday magazine aaj kal Business Plus TGIF Zaiqa TV Company Financials Contact us Privacy Policy TERMS AND CONDITIONS © 2016 Dailytimes - ALL RIGHTS RESERVED Powered By opustech.co
Tech Insider BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 You can now use Android phones to cast spells from 'Harry Potter' Avery Hartmans Nov. 1, 2016, 10:17 AM 50,894 facebook linkedin twitter email print YouTube/Warner Bros. Pictures If you've ever wanted to cast spells like Harry Potter and his friends, Google has added some features on Android phones to help you do it. The company announced on its blog on Tuesday that it's partnering with the film "Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them" — based on the book by "Harry Potter" author J.K. Rowling — to add some new, magical capabilities for fans. By saying "OK Google" and then "Lumos," your flashlight will turn on; "Nox" turns it off. You can also say "OK Google" and "Silencio" to turn off your ringer and notifications. The features are already activated on phones — no update needed. In the "Harry Potter" films and books, the spell "Lumos" turns the characters' wands into flashlights, while "Silencio" silences people. Google is also adding a few other "Fantastic Beasts"-inspired features across its other products. It will now let users look around the world of the film — set in 1920s New York City — through Google Street View; a "Fantastic Beasts" sticker pack is coming to Google's new messaging app, Allo; and starting this month, you can use the new Daydream View virtual reality headset to explore the world of one of the characters from the film, which is in theaters November 18. SEE ALSO: Google just launched its answer to Siri. Here's how it works NOW WATCH: Elon Musk just unveiled something that could revolutionize how you power your home Loading video... More: Google Alphabet Harry Potter Fantastic Beasts Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Therm JK Rowling Allo facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru You can now use Android phones to cast spells from 'Harry Potter' You can now use Android phones to cast spells from 'Harry Potter' If you've ever wanted to cast spells like Harry... Recommended For You Featured As healthcare costs rise and patients demand better care, hospitals turn to new technologies More "Digital Industry Insider" » Brothers share what it was like quitting their corporate jobs to sell ties on the beach and cofound Vineyard Vines, a company worth nearly $1 billion More "Transformations" » Get Tech Insider Emails & Alerts Sign-Up Learn More » Tech Select Tech Chart Of The Day Business Insider Select 10 Things In Tech You Need To Know Mobile Insights BII Mobile Insights More Featured Business Insider Select Tech Select Tech Chart Of The Day Markets Chart Of The Day 10 Things Before the Opening Bell Instant MBA Business Insider Events BI Intelligence Daily Digital Industry Insider Finance Markets Select Your Money Select Smart Investor Finance Insider Strategy Strategy Select Advertising Select Retail Select Careers Select 10 Things You Need To Know In Advertising Politics Politics Select Military Select Life Life Select Education Select Entertainment Select Breaking News Tech Enterprise Select Science Select Mobile Chart Of The Day E-Commerce Chart Of The Day Payments Chart Of The Day Digital Media Chart Of The Day IoT Chart of the Day Fintech Briefing Charts of the Day Sports Chart Of The Day Top 10 Things 10 Things In Tech You Need To Know Closing Bell Sports Sports Research from BI Intelligence The Internet of Everything The Future of Financial Services Digital Media Ad Revenue: The path to $100 billion The Future of Retail Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2016 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR
News Corp is a network of leading companies in the worlds of diversified media, news, education, and information services. Follow The Sun Your Sun Sign in Editions Scottish Sun Irish Sun The Sun The Scottish Sun The Irish Sun Dream Team Sun Bets Fabulous Sun Favourite Sun Motors Sun Bingo Sun Gifts News Corp WSJ.com New York Post The Australian News.com.au Storyful Harper Collins Realtor.com Services Sign Up To The Sun Terms and Conditions Editorial Complaints Clarifications and Corrections Syndication Advertising Contact Us Help Hub The Sun, A News UK Company TOP London Set your weather Now 0°C 9pm 0°C Sign in UK Edition Scottish Sun Irish Sun Search Home Football Sport TV & Showbiz Living News Videos Sun Bingo Sun Bets All News All News UK News World News Politics Tech and science Opinion WHEN HACKERS ATTACK Hackers ‘actively’ targeting innocent Microsoft Windows users, Google warns Tech giant issues urgent advice over alleged vulnerability in commonly used software by MARTYN LANDI 1st November 2016, 2:45 pm Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) Comments Google has exposed a security flaw in Microsoft Windows, warning that it is already being “actively exploited” by hackers. The internet giant said in a post on its security blog that it informed Microsoft of the weakness in the kernel or core of the Windows operating system on October 21, but a fix is yet to be released. PA:Press Association 1 Your computer is a goldmine for hackers, unless you protect yourself Over 100,000 cameras on personal devices across the UK are vulnerable to hackers The bug can be used to escape what are known as security sandboxes, which are designed to isolate malicious code. However, the declaration has angered Microsoft, which says Google could endanger Windows users by revealing the vulnerability before an update to fix the problem has been issued. "We believe in coordinated vulnerability disclosure, and today's disclosure by Google could put customers at potential risk," the Windows developer said in a statement. "Windows is the only platform with a customer commitment to investigate reported security issues and proactively update impacted devices as soon as possible. Hillary Clinton aide says Russian hackers are leaking emails to help Donald Trump Related Stories SHEER LUNAR-CY Will the supermoon drive you MAD? Scientists answer this ancient question DATA OVER DATING Facebook's Zuckerberg reveals the not-so-smooth chat-up line he used on his first date with his future wife BERLIN IS WATCHING Germany approves state-of-the-art new spy satellite ... and it could be turned on Britain CELEBRATED SCIENTIST Who was Frederick Banting? Man who discovered insulin celebrated with Google Doodle FRIEND REQUEST Facebook boss Mark Zuckerberg calls for unity in heartfelt message after Donald Trump's US election victory WELCOME TO THE JUNGLE Amazon Music Unlimited offers voice-controlled access to 40 MILLION songs MOON-O-LITHIC Tonight's 'once in a generation' supermoon will be the biggest in almost 70 years TRUMP READY FOR TAKE OFF? What is Donald Trump's space plan for NASA? New President wants agency to search for alien life on Jupiter’s moon Europa IT WILL BE ASTRONOMICAL November 'mega supermoon' set to light up night sky in stunning celestial display OUT OF THIS WORLD When is the November Supermoon, why is this one special and where's the best place to watch it? BREAKING THE FOLD Samsung 'set to release tablet with FOLDABLE screen' after receiving patent for mind-bending design Time and space! What is a supermoon and when is the next one in 2016? "We recommend customers use Windows 10 and the Microsoft Edge browser for the best protection." Google said the flaw is "particularly serious because we know it is being actively exploited" and, as part of its bug disclosure policy on active flaws, waits only seven days before going public with its findings, rather than the normal 60 days. Google said it did this to "protect users". Google also revealed it had discovered a bug in Adobe's Flash software, although Adobe issued a fix for the problem on October 26. "We encourage users to verify that auto-updates have already updated Flash - and to manually update if not - and to apply Windows patches from Microsoft when they become available for the Windows vulnerability," Google's Threat Analysis Group said. We pay for your stories! Do you have a story for The Sun Online news team? Email us at tips@the-sun.co.uk or call 0207 782 4368 Topics Cyber Crime Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) Comments Comments Most Read in News ghost in the back seat Girl captures image of ‘ghost child’ in back of her car in ‘warning to wear seat belt’ News Exclusive stars and strips Revealed, all the steamy pictures of Donald Trump's wife Melania when she posed naked for saucy shoot -… News MOTHER FROM HELL Probe launched after mum is filmed brutally punching and slapping baby ‘because tot wouldn't stop crying’ News Video RANDY REVELLERS Shocking moment two clubbers were filmed having sex on sofa in Cardiff nightclub News Exclusive jackpot brute jailed Lottery winner throttled his wife and beat a child after claiming winning £70,000 would make 2016… News LIZARD MAN DEAD Tattooed biker gang enforcer known as 'Lizard Man' and ex-girlfriend found dead in apartment News 'don't be afraid' Trump says women might have to travel to other states for abortions, promises to deport 3m immigrants and… News BAG BABY Mum who abandoned baby on freezing doorstep in Tesco carrier bag is caught six years on by DNA evidence News BULlied to death Schoolboy, 15, found hanged after bullies used fake Jimmy Savile Facebook page to make sick rape threats to… News BLOTTO WINNER Lotto millionaire flashes the £4,500 boobs she bought with her jackpot yet again... this time at her… News Exclusive TRAM 'TEXT' HORROR Croydon tram crash driver was 'texting' as vehicle sped round corner 'significantly' above the permitted… News WINTER STORM ALERT Britain to be battered by gales, snow and -11C freeze this week as Arctic blast ushers in winter News Latest TRIUMPHANT TRUMP Donald Trump becomes President of the United States after bitter fight for the White House News HE'S JUST BIG BONED! North Korea warns Chinese officials to 'stop calling glorious leader Kim Jong-un fat' News Graphic Warning 'GO ON, KILL HER!' Shocking moment schoolgirl bully kicks girl in the HEAD during sickening attack as other pupils laugh and… News Most Popular THE STATE ESCAPE Renegade states plan to pull off their own Brexit and ditch the US for Canada after Trump election victory News Video HONEY'S FIX RAP Honey G reveals she's got a track lined up for next week's X Factor... moments after learning theme TV & Showbiz back on Nick Knowles moves back in with estranged wife Jessica Moor TV & Showbiz Video Tough times Strictly Come Dancing's Danny Mac hints at personal heartache despite topping leader board TV & Showbiz NUMBER'S UP Eastenders makes a MAJOR blunder as two characters have something very strange in common TV & Showbiz Exclusive EXPLOSIVE EXIT Chloe Ferry axed from Geordie Shore after ‘kicking new girl in the HEAD’ over on-off lover Marty TV & Showbiz ghost in the back seat Girl captures image of ‘ghost child’ in back of her car in ‘warning to wear seat belt’ News Exclusive EMILY'S OUT ON STREET Corrie legend Eileen Derbyshire leaves soap after 55yrs - ending reign as its longest serving actress TV & Showbiz 'WHy are you even on the show?' Xtra Factor viewer angers Nicole Scherzinger by trolling Ryan Lawrie live on air TV & Showbiz Video A crying shame Holly and Phil tear up over desperate mother whose son has threatened to kill himself over bullying TV & Showbiz 'WHAT'S HAPPENED TO HER?' I’m A Celebrity fans left stunned by Carol Vorderman’s fresh faced look TV & Showbiz devastating family secret I'm A Celebrity star Larry Lamb's secret agony over daughter he hasn't seen in 46 years TV & Showbiz Right Mess Lionel Messi 'rejects new contract with Barca after worries over tax fraud legal issues' Football It's back! Michelle Keegan's wedding ring returns as she wows in strapless dress alongside handsome husband Mark Wright TV & Showbiz Exclusive stars and strips Revealed, all the steamy pictures of Donald Trump's wife Melania when she posed naked for saucy shoot -… News Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) By continuing to use the site, you agree to the use of cookies. You can change this and find out more by following this link Close Follow The Sun Services Sign Up To The Sun Terms and Conditions Editorial Complaints Clarifications and Corrections Syndication Advertising Contact Us Help Hub ©News Group Newspapers Limited in England No. 679215 Registered office: 1 London Bridge Street, London, SE1 9GF. "The Sun", "Sun", "Sun Online" are registered trademarks or trade names of News Group Newspapers Limited. This service is provided on News Group Newspapers' Limited's Standard Terms and Conditions in accordance with our Privacy & Cookie Policy. To inquire about a licence to reproduce material, visit our Syndication site. View our online Press Pack. For other inquiries, Contact Us. To see all content on The Sun, please use the Site Map. The Sun website is regulated by the Independent Press Standards Organisation (IPSO) Our journalists strive for accuracy but on occasion we make mistakes. For further details of our complaints policy and to make a complaint please click here. Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
null
TechnoBuffalo Site Navigation Content All News Reviews Videos Galleries Products Giveaways Sections Menu Left Mobile Tablets Gaming Apps Accessories Computers Gadgets Internet Menu Right Business Cameras Cars Design Home & TV Lifestyle Software Science Series Ask The Buffalo Buffalo Gear Guess the Phone Rettinger’s Riffs Rumor Roundup The TechnoBuffalo Show TechnoBuffalo Plays More The Crew About Us News Tips In the News Work at TechnoBuffalo Advertise With Us Facebook Google+ Instagram Pinterest RSS Tumblr Twitter YouTube Scrolling Enable Endless Scrolling Disable Endless Scrolling Share Tweet +1 Submit Front Page /Mobile/Gallery Mobile Google apologizes for Pixel delays with gift cards By Todd Haselton | November 1, 2016 Share Stay Connected with Us! Follow TechnoBuffalo You may be experiencing a shipment delay if you ordered a Pixel or Pixel XL smartphone from Google. Google’s sorry for the added time it’s going to take for the phone to arrive in your hands, and it is apologizing with gift cards. The company recently began sending out emails alerting some customers of the delays and providing them with $50 gift cards to the Google Store as consolation. Here’s what the email says, in full: Thank you for your recent purchase on Google Store. We’re really excited for you to experience our new products, but we have some not-so-great news: It’s going to take a little longer for you to receive your package than we expected. We know this can be frustrating, but the good news is that we’ve shipped your order and it’s on its way. You should’ve already received a shipment confirmation email from us. We’re also going to send you a $50 Google Play credit via email after your package is delivered. Again, we’re so sorry — and thank you again for your order. Google Pixel delays are a simple matter of supply and demand While the email doesn’t explicitly say so, Google confirmed to TechCrunch that the delays are caused by a simple supply and demand issue. “We’re thrilled to see the excitement for our new Pixel phones, and frankly pre-order demand has exceeded our expectations,” a spokesperson said. “We’re working to restock our inventory as soon as possible.” The inventory is still slim. In fact, you’ll be hard pressed to find many models in stock, including any 128GB Pixel option. At least you now have $50 to spend on additional items, like some of Google’s fancy new Pixel and Pixel XL cases, or cash toward other products. $50 goes a long way toward the Google Home speaker assistant, for example, or a new Chromecast Ultra. Source TechCrunch Topics #Google #Google Pixel #Google Pixel XL Products Mentioned Google Pixel Google Pixel XL Todd Haselton Todd Haselton has been writing professionally since 2006 during his undergraduate days at Lehigh University. He started out as an intern with MaximumPC Magazine and has since written for Ars… Read More Our Crew | About Us | Contact Us © 2016 TechnoBuffalo LLC. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy | Terms of Use

Weather Your 4-day local weather forecast Tuesday November 15, 2016 Life & Style Technology Larger / SmallerNight Mode Android 7.0 Nougat: Everything you need to know about Google's latest mobile software Tim Biggs 24 Aug 2016, 1:07 a.m. After being revealed as 'Android N' in March, and officially receiving the title of Nougat in June, Google's Android 7.0 is officially beginning to roll out to users following a lengthy beta period. Android 7.0 Nougat: Everything you need to know about Google's latest mobile software New emoji, new quick settings and a new split-screen mode feature in Android Nougat. Tweet Facebook of ╳ exit After being revealed as 'Android N' in March, and officially receiving the title of Nougat in June, Google's Android 7.0 is officially beginning to roll out to users following a lengthy beta period. Apart from bundling a whole bunch of new content for Android — including all the new emoji from the unicode 9 standard, support for 100 new languages and multilingual options, new accessibility features and a simplified Android for Work toggle — Nougat changes the way Android works in several fundamental ways. Here's what you can expect from the new operating system: Notification overhaul With more and more apps sending us more and more notifications, the system of having them cascade in thick cards down our screen is fast becoming unfit for purpose. Nougat tackles this in a number of ways: Multiple notifications from the same app are now bundled onto a single card in a new design that lets you see much more information than before while taking up a smaller space on your screen. Tapping a bundle expands it to show all individual notifications. Notifications from messaging apps now let you reply directly from the notification shade, without having to open the app at all. Pressing and holding any notification will open a settings menu that lets you tweak the behaviour of notifications from that app. Getting spammed by a new game that wants you to be constantly collecting more gems? Now you can silence it directly from the notification. New multitasking tools Nougat features the ability to run any two apps side-by-side. It works more or less the same as it does on Apple's iPad Pro, although you'll arguably be using it a bit more often since it's on your phone. You simply open your list of recently-viewed apps with the square overview button, then touch and hold the apps you want to move them into position. This could be handy for reading an article online while working or keeping a text conversation going, for example. The other change to app-switching is a subtle but very handy one. By double-tapping the overview button you can switch straight to the most recent app you were using, without having to open the menu. If you want to cycle through three or more apps, you just keep tapping the button after the initial double-tap. If you're jumping back and forth between the same few apps all the time, it could be a great time-saver. Not-really-new usability tweaks Google appears to have been taking notice of what Samsung, Sony and others have been doing with its software, and has made some changes to the standard Android interface that users of non-Nexus phones may recognise. For example, Nougat allows you to enter emergency information like your allergies and blood type, which can be accessed from the lock screen in the event of an emergency. You can also now have a different wallpaper on your lock screen and home screen, something basically all non-Nexus Android phones let you do. The quick settings bar has also seen an overhaul inspired by others, with the ability to drag and drop your quick settings into whatever arrangement you want. You can also get access to your most used quick notifications directly from the top of the notifications shade, without having to pull the drawer all the way down. Finally, the 'clear all' option has been reinstated in the app overview menu. Google has previously discouraged users from closing apps from overview, saying that closing and opening apps all the time will use more power than leaving your apps suspended, but other manufacturers have persisted in adding a 'close all' option to their Android versions. Nerdy under-the-hood stuff Many of the performance tweaks made in Nougat may or may not make their way to your phone, depending on its hardware and capabilities. That said, compatible devices will benefit from: The Vulkan API for greatly increased 3D graphics capabilities. VR mode, part of Google's Daydream initiative, which can launch apps into VR without having to go through a separate app like Cardboard or Oculus. Runtime tweaks thanks to the new JIT compiler. Basically apps will take up less space for quicker installs and booting. Devices will no longer sit around for hours "optimising" apps after every Android update. Background downloads for operating system updates. Of course some tweaks to the operating system will be easier for everyone to notice, including: The ability to block numbers from calling or texting you as part of Android itself, instead of relying on your telco.  A more complete built-in file manager. Powerful file-based encryption. The ability to give or revoke an app's access to specific files and folders, instead of simply granting or denying it 'storage access'. There have also been some changes to restrict your phone's performance, which can be handy too. Marshmallow introduced the Doze feature, which would secretly put your phone to sleep if the screen was off and it had been lying still for a certain amount of time. The feature can now apparently tell if the phone is put away in your pocket or purse, letting it snooze and save battery even while you're on the move. Elsewhere a new 'data saver' mode makes sure no apps in the background can use any of your mobile data, only apps you're actively using. Not so fast ... Before you go reaching for your phone to get the new software, remember that new Android releases don't go out to all phones at once. Anyone who owns a recent Nexus device — that is the 6, 5X, 6P or 9 — should get a notification for the download any day now. The rest of us will have to wait for our phone's manufacturer to create and release their own Nougat versions, and many of us will have to wait still longer for the new software to be approved by our carrier. This fragmentation of Android devices is necessitated by the fact that, unlike iPhones, every Android device is built differently and has different hardware, capabilities and features. Nevertheless, it does result in some long waits for users of certain phones, and can even result in phones being left behind on years-old versions of Android. Google is reportedly working on a solution to keep as many phones as possible up to date. Follow Digital Life on Twitter The story Android 7.0 Nougat: Everything you need to know about Google's latest mobile software first appeared on The Sydney Morning Herald. Latest News Sydney crime figure Pasquale Barbaro shot dead in Earlwood street Malcolm Turnbull turns attack on ABC and the 'elite media' for distracting people Bill Shorten vows Labor will put Australian workers first New Zealand earthquake: Weather hampers rescue of stranded residents Accused of rape, Julian Assange gives statement to Swedish prosecutor in embassy Editor's Picks Popular Multimedia +more multimedia stories Photos Video Interactive Police raids in Gillieston Heights and Rutherford | Photos Police operations, including riot police and dog squad, at Gillieston Heights and Rutherford. Fairfax Front Pages: Tuesday, November 15, 2016 Today's Fairfax front pages from across the nation. Capture the supermoon...or a cloudy sky | photos Avid sky watchers were determined to catch a glimpse of the supermoon on Monday night. The Hunter graduates 2016 | PHOTOS We want to see your graduation and formal photos. Contact Us About Us Advertising Privacy Policy Conditions of Use Copyright © 2016. Fairfax Media. Fairfax Media Front Page News Loading... Sport Loading... Opinion Loading... Community Loading... Life & Style Loading... Entertainment Loading... Classifieds Loading... Multimedia Loading... Front Page News Local News Latest News National World Business Politics Regional Focus Sport Local Sport NRL AFL Tournament NRL Tournament Opinion Letters Polls Community Events Photo Sales Annual Business Awards Annual Business Awards - Vote here Competitions Search Local Products & Services Myall Coast Nota News Local Business Feature Life & Style Education Food & Wine Health Home & Garden Money Parenting Pets & Animals Relationships Technology Travel Entertainment Books Celebrity Games Sudoku TV & Movies TV Guide Classifieds Real Estate Jobs Cars Notices Place your own classified Ag and Rural Multimedia Photos Video Interactive Search NewsBusiness Smartphone Tablet - Narrow Tablet - Wide Desktop
Latest News Dow 18,869 +21.03 +0.11% Nasdaq 5,218 -18.72 -0.36% S&P 500 2,164 -0.25 -0.01% 7:11 P.M. ET Trump-induced carnage in Treasurys spells trouble for stock market 6:59 P.M. ET The Problem With Gourmet Burgers? Delivery Challenges 6:48 P.M. ET Fed’s Lacker says rates may rise faster under Trump presidency 6:42 P.M. ET Bannon’s Critics: Alt-Right is Wrong for White House 6:41 P.M. ET President Obama Details Transition in Press Conference 6:39 P.M. ET FriendFinder breach may have exposed 412 million users’ data 6:20 P.M. ET Google to block its ads from fake-news sites 6:18 P.M. ET 'Mars': National Geographic Network's Moonshot 6:04 P.M. ET Obama Addresses Concerns About Bannon's Appointment 6:06 P.M. ET Updated David Einhorn’s Greenlight Capital reduces stakes in Apple, GM, buys U.S. Steel 6:04 P.M. ET Updated SEC chief Mary Jo White announces plans to leave 6:02 P.M. ET Obama Addresses Concerns About Bannon's Appointment 5:47 P.M. ET Updated Deutsche Bank raises S&P 500 year-end target after postelection rally 5:35 P.M. ET George Soros buys stakes in Alphabet, Netflix, dumps Disney, General Motors 5:31 P.M. ET Updated Donald Trump and Vladimir Putin speak by phone 5:19 P.M. ET Financial services industry is at risk to get even whiter 5:15 P.M. ET David Tepper's hedge fund buys new stakes in Apple, Bank of America and Facebook 5:11 P.M. ET Estee Lauder to buy Too Faced for $1.45B, looks to 'win with millennials' 5:10 P.M. ET Einhorn adds Aercap, Calpine, United States Steel, trims Apple stake 5:02 P.M. ET My father-in-law married his girlfriend before he died — she won’t return our calls Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Trading Deck . Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement RetireMentors Encore Taxes Retire Here, Not There How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Press Release Redbooth Introduces Support for Google’s New Android for Work Program, Making Mobile Work More Convenient Than Ever By Published: Nov 1, 2016 10:30 a.m. ET Share On The Heels of Launching The First Enterprise App For Apple TV, Redbooth Continues To Expand Options For Mobile Work, Liberating Knowledge Workers From the Tyranny of Their Desks REDWOOD CITY, Calif., Nov 01, 2016 (BUSINESS WIRE) -- Redbooth, the intuitive task and project management platform for teams, today announced that its Android app now supports Google’s Android for Work program. Security-conscious companies with employees using their own mobile devices can now choose a platform that their employees enjoy using — and that their IT departments can successfully administer. Redbooth’s app for Android for Work is paving the way for increased adoption and more secure management of company information accessed via mobile devices. This Smart News Release features multimedia. View the full release here: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20161101005568/en/ “We see great potential in the Android for Work platform, along with a true opportunity to make the lives of our customers easier,” said Ben Falk, Redbooth’s Director of Mobile. “We’ve taken the first big step in enhancing our app so it can be part of this exciting program. We look forward to continuing to partner with Google as this program enhances the mobile experience for our Android customers.” The Redbooth app for Android for Work is a friendly, streamlined experience that includes kanban view for to-do lists as well as the ability to easily assign tasks and deadlines, leave comments, and resolve tasks on the go. The app taps in directly to Redbooth’s cloud-based task and project management platform, which can be used by a team or an entire company. “Redbooth’s Android for Work app is a simple yet powerful productivity application that capitalizes on the best principles of material design,” Falk said. “It’s a fun, best-in-class productivity tool for any Android user — and at the same time it’s incredibly straightforward for long-time Redbooth customers. The whole experience is super-clean.” Redbooth’s placement in the Google Play Store’s Android for Work area follows on the heels of its launch of the first ever enterprise collaboration app for Apple TV, which brings a streamlined, responsive version of shared virtual team workspaces and planning templates into the boardroom and the living room. Redbooth is committed to providing teams with the optimal methods to access their work and collaborate with their colleagues, regardless of where they are located or the devices they’re using. Redbooth’s free Android for Work app is available now on the Google Play store. Users who sign up through the app also receive a free trial of Redbooth’s web app, where they can explore the full suite of Redbooth’s productivity tools with even more powerful features. For more information, visit https://redbooth.com About Redbooth Redbooth is the intuitive, easy-to-use task and project management platform that helps teams work more efficiently and get more done. Founded in 2008, Redbooth is a pioneer of team collaboration solutions trusted by thousands of customers across the globe. Headquartered in Redwood City, California, with development offices in Barcelona, Spain, Redbooth is privately held and funded by Altpoint Capital and Avalon Ventures. For more information and a free trial, visit redbooth.com. View source version on businesswire.com: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20161101005568/en/ SOURCE: Redbooth"> <Property FormalName="PrimaryTwitterHandle" Value="@RedboothHQ Redbooth Charles Studt, 650-966-6441 charles@redbooth.com Copyright Business Wire 2016 MarketWatch Partner Center Celebrity Real Estate News Celebrities renege on their pledges to move out of U.S on the back of Trump win View More Investing If you're shocked that Trump won, you broke 3 basic principles of investing View More Barron's Next Dear President-Elect Trump, a millennial wishlist View More Investing Opinion: A 12-step plan to strengthen your portfolio after Trump's victory View More MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2016 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found LatestNews
more_vert androidAndroid App facebookFacebook gplusGoogle + twitterTwitter youtubeYouTube rssRSS Feed search close android facebook gplus twitter youtube rss whatshotNews starsReviews phone_androidPhones tabletTablets appsApps gamesGames network_cellCarriers forumForums attach_moneyDeals Download the App Our Team Tip Us Lenovo Phab 2 Pro available today, first Tango-enabled phone +5,779 Ashley King Nov 1st, 2016 As expected, Lenovo officially launched the Phab 2 Pro today, but the real excitement surrounding this phone isn’t because of its specs. It’s the first Tango-enabled smartphone that brings augmented reality to Android. Google posted an announcement about the availability of the device, stating there are 35+ Tango-enabled apps to try out on the Phab 2 Pro. So what is Tango? It’s a collection of apps that support augmented reality, thanks to Google’s app incubator program to get developers on board with augmented reality. You can measure anything in your house with the Measure app. Furniture apps like WayfairView, Lowe’s Vision, and Homestyler Interior Design can help you re-imagine what a room looks like with the help of your smartphone. There’s also a handful of games in Tango, including Domino World that lets you play dominoes without having to worry about picking up the tiles later. You can raise virtual pets, explore the solar system, build new digital worlds, and race on your own custom-built race tracks, but you’ll need a Phab 2 Pro to do it all. Phab 2 Pro Specs 6.4″ display with 2560×1440 resolution Snapdragon 652 octa-core 1.8GHz with Adreno 510 GPU 64GB of expandable storage 4GB of RAM 16MP rear-facing camera, 8MP front-facing selfie shooter 4,050mAh battery local_offer    Lenovo   Lenovo Phab 2 Pro   Auto-load comments: Off On View comments (9) stars Further Reading This may be the Moto X 2017 Lenovo may be going all-in with the Moto brand Lenovo rumored to reveal two devices on November 8th Lenovo's Phab 2 will be available in November The official Moto M specs leak stars Popular this Weeklaunch 1 more_vertThis may be the Moto X 2017 closeHere’s our first look at the 2017 Moto X The Moto X 2017 may be alive and well as a new image has appeared which shows off the device’s metal body and camera cutout. 2 more_vertExclusive: Project ARA specifications, design closeExclusive: Project ARA specifications, design and photos Today’s exclusive Google Project ARA post reveals the phone’s spec sheet and 40 images which show off the phone’s unique modular design. 3 more_vertZTE wants to step up and fill the Nexus gap closeZTE wants to fill the gap left behind with the end of Nexus devices With the end of the Nexus line, there’s now a void in stock Android devices in the $400 range. ZTE is hoping to step up and fill those boots and it wants to know why you prefer stock Android devices. 4 more_vertGoogle fixing Android's fragmentation issues? closeGoogle might have a master plan to solve Android’s fragmentation issues once and for all Android’s biggest problem has always been and always will be fragmentation, though it’s nothing you can really fault Google for. But it seems the company may have a plan to change all of that. 5 more_vertGoogle hates Quick Charge closeGoogle doesn’t want you to have Quick Charge on your next smartphone Future Android updates may require manufacturers to ditch proprietary USB Type-C rapid charging technology. 6 more_vert6.3-inch Galaxy S8 plus in the works closeSamsung Galaxy S8 ‘plus’ to feature 6.3-inch bezel-less display Samsung may be planning to introduce a 6.3-inch variant of the Galaxy S8 with a bezel-less edge display 7 more_vertPokemon Go is still hiding secrets, says CEO closePokemon Go has hidden secrets that no one has found yet Pokemon Go CEO John Hanke says there’s hidden secrets in Pokemon Go that no one has discovered yet. In fact, Hanke says “we’ll see how it plays out over the next few weeks.” What could that mean? 8 more_vertOnePlus3T rumored to have 8GB of RAM closeOnePlus 3T might be first phone to feature 8GB of RAM The OnePlus 3T could be the first Android phone to feature a whopping 8GB of RAM. For reference, OnePlus launched its OnePlus 3 smartphone earlier this year with 6GB of RAM and Google’s new Pixel devices feature 4GB of RAM. 9 more_vertSamsung's new Nougat UX shown off closeHere’s an early look at Samsung’s new UX for Nougat, and it actually looks kind of good As Samsung often does, they’re refreshing their user experience and interface for Android 7.0 Nougat, and we’ve gotten our first look at their new design today. 10 more_vertGoogle lists new live cases closeGoogle Earth and Google Trends live cases appear at the Google Store Look what we have here: new live cases have shown up at the Google Store! Google is preparing to sell two new cases that’ll offer some unique flair for your smartphone. Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Phandroid.com, 2007-2016
CNET Reviews CNET 100 Appliances Audio Cameras Cars Desktops Drones Headphones Laptops Networking Phones Printers Smart Home Software Tablets TVs Virtual Reality Wearable Tech Web Hosting Forums News Apple Computers Crave Deals Google Internet Microsoft Mobile Photography Security Sci-Tech Tech Culture Tech Industry Photo Galleries Video Forums Video Apple Byte Carfection CNET Top 5 CNET Update Googlicious How To Netpicks Next Big Thing News On Cars Phones Prizefight Tablets Tomorrow Daily CNET Podcasts How To Appliances Computers Gaming Home Entertainment Internet Mobile Apps Phones Photography Security Smart Home Tablets Wearable Tech Forums Speed Test Smart Home Tour the CNET Smart Home Smart Home News Smart Home How To Best Smart Home Devices Cars Car Reviews Best Cars New Cars Used Cars Deals Cheapskate Best Tech Under $50 All Deals Tech Deals Non-Tech Deals Audio Deals Cell Phone Deals Desktop Deals Laptop Deals Hard Drive & Storage Deals Printer Deals Tablet Deals Camera Deals Monitor Deals Software Deals TV Deals Web Hosting VPN Services WordPress Hosting Domain Names Download Join CNET Member Benefits Sign In to CNET My Profile Forums Sign Out Australia China France Germany Japan Korea United Kingdom US Editions English Español HolidayBuyer's Guide CNET Mobile Google's Pixel phone delayed? Here's $50 in Play store credit Google's Pixel phone delayed? Here's $50 in Play store credit The company knows it has a problem meeting demand for the Pixel phone. Google's Pixel phone delayed? Here's $50 in Play store credit 0 Share: Mobile by Roger Cheng November 1, 2016 8:27 AM PDT @RogerWCheng Up Next Fantastic Beasts' Dan Fogler sees magic in tech Enlarge Image Google's Pixel phone isn't getting to some customers fast enough.Photo by Jason Cipriani/CNET Google is trying to make good on the Pixel delays. The company has struggled to meet demand for its phone, leading to long wait times for eager customers. In exchange, the company is offering $50 in credit to its Google Play store. Reddit users got an email saying their credit would arrive (also via email) once the phone was delivered. Google confirmed that the emails went out last Thursday and that customers should expect their Pixels this week. The Pixel and Pixel XL are the first phones for which Google had taken full control of the development process. Previous Google "flagship" phones fell under the Nexus brands and were considered joint partnerships with the company's manufacturer allies. While HTC constructed the Pixel phone, it's essentially a silent partner. First published November 1 at 7:06 a.m. PT. Update at 8:27 a.m. PT: Added Google's response. Tags Mobile Google CNET Review Google Pixel Phone With the help of an Assistant, Google's first in-house designed Pixel phone makes a kickass debut. $649.00 See it Related Stories You can now get rewards for using Samsung Pay Apple Pay taps into charitable donations Facebook wants to help improve Messenger bots Newegg's Black Friday deals start November 21 Close   Discuss: Google's Pixel phone delayed? Here's $50... Conversation powered by Livefyre Up Next: Fantastic Beasts' Dan Fogler sees magic in tech Exposed: AdultFriendFinder network hacked, 400 million accounts stolen Blame it on dirty security practices. Hackers easily crack passwords on adult dating and porn sites -- and even deleted account info was grabbed in the data breach. by Bridget Carey Close Drag CNET © CBS Interactive Inc.  /  All Rights Reserved. About CNET Privacy Policy Ad Choice Terms of Use Mobile User Agreement Help Center
12,588,085 members (88,845 online) Sign in Email Password   Forgot your password? Sign in using Search within: Articles Quick Answers Messages home articles Chapters and Sections> Search Latest Articles Latest Tips/Tricks Top Articles Beginner Articles Technical Blogs Posting/Update Guidelines Article Help Forum Article Competition Submit an article or tip Post your Blog quick answersQ&A Ask a Question about this article Ask a Question View Unanswered Questions View All Questions... Linux questions C# questions ASP.NET questions fabric questions SQL questions discussionsforums All Message Boards... Application Lifecycle> Running a Business Sales / Marketing Collaboration / Beta Testing Work Issues Design and Architecture ASP.NET JavaScript C / C++ / MFC> ATL / WTL / STL Managed C++/CLI C# Free Tools Objective-C and Swift Database Hardware & Devices> System Admin Hosting and Servers Java .NET Framework Android iOS Mobile SharePoint Silverlight / WPF Visual Basic Web Development Site Bugs / Suggestions Spam and Abuse Watch features Competitions News The Insider Newsletter The Daily Build Newsletter Newsletter archive Surveys Product Showcase Research Library CodeProject Stuff communitylounge Who's Who Most Valuable Professionals The Lounge   The Insider News The Weird & The Wonderful The Soapbox Press Releases Non-English Language > General Indian Topics General Chinese Topics help What is 'CodeProject'? General FAQ Ask a Question Bugs and Suggestions Article Help Forum Site Map Advertise with us About our Advertising Employment Opportunities About Us Articles » Web Development » HTML / CSS » HTML   Article Alternatives Comments (2) Add your own alternative version Tagged as DesignResponsiveWeb Stats 3.1K views 8 bookmarked Posted 1 Nov 2016 The Three R’s of Responsive Web Design Peter Leow, 1 Nov 2016 CPOL    4.50 (2 votes) 1 2 3 4 5 4.50/5 - 2 votes μ 4.50, σa 0.88 [?] Rate this: Please Sign up or sign in to vote. The Three R’s of Responsive Web Design Introduction Websites today serve not only traditional desktop monitors, but also televisions and handheld mobile devices like tablets and smartphones. Notwithstanding the myriad screen sizes, consumers, constantly connected and switching between devices anywhere anytime, expect the same degree of usability they experience across these devices. Therefore, it is both imperative and challenging for businesses to build a good multi-screen site that can deliver a consistently great user experience for all screens. That is especially true for smartphones, the fastest-growing devices in the multi-screen market, where screen space is at a premium. How can websites provide for such an enormous range of screens and keep up with new screens of the future? The answer lies in Responsive Web Design. In this article, I am introducing the three key methods of designing for responsible web. They are Retile, Replace, and Resize, which I aptly coin the “Three R’s of Responsible Web Design“. First, let’s grasp the realities and challenges of the new multi-screen world. Let’s Face It In a 2012 Google’s study on “Navigating the new multi-screen world: Insights show how consumers use different devices together“, it was revealed that most people carried out their online activities using multiple devices as summed up in the infograph in Figure 1: Figure 1: Customer Media Behavior (Source: Google)   Search Ranking Boost On 21 April 2015, Google rolled out the mobile-friendly update that boosts the search rankings for mobile-friendly web pages (Figure 2). Refer to Google’s FAQs for more information about the mobile-friendly update. Figure 2: Google Boosts Mobile-Friendly Sites’ Search Rankings Hot on Google’s heels, Bing announced on 14 May 2015 that they would be introducing their own version of mobile friendly ranking in the near future. Multi-Screen Friendly Options Mindful of the consumer media behavior in the new multi-screen world and the mobile-friendly-favoured search rankings, websites must now meet the needs of consumers on all screens — from TV to desktop to laptop to tablet to smartphone — at all times. Whatever screen the consumers happen to be using, they want it to work right out of the box. That is especially true for smartphones and tablets, where consumers expect the same content and user experience from bigger screens without unnecessary gestures such as pinch and slide. There are three basic methods you can adopt to implement a website that are multi-screen friendly: Separate URLs, Dynamic Serving, and Responsive Web Design. Separate URLs Each of the URLs hosts a different set of web pages optimized for a designated range of screen sizes. In this method, the web server detects the type of device that a user is using and redirects the request to the URL that host those web pages designed specifically for that device. Dynamic Serving A single URL hosting multiple sets of web pages each of which is optimized for a designated range of screen sizes. In this method, the web server detects the type of device that a user is using and deliver those web pages designed specifically for that device. Responsive Web Design A single URL that serves a common set of web pages that can render themselves differently on the fly in response to changes in screen size and orientation. With responsive web design, every web page is capable of automatically and dynamically detecting the size and orientation of its viewing device, and based on which, adopt the most optimal view to apply to that viewing device on the fly. Both the separate URLs and dynamic serving methods are resource-intensive and costly solutions as they have to create and maintain multiple codebases of the same content. Furthermore, tweaking of existing code or developing new code to cater to new devices as they emerge becomes inevitable in the long run. In other words, they are not future-proof. On the other hand, needing only a single URL, a single codebase, and having all the dynamic detection and responsive rendering carried out only on the client-side, i.e. the browsers, responsive web design is undoubtedly the most superior method for implementing multi-screen friendly website. Furthermore, it is also future-proof. The Three R’s of Responsive Web Design Putting a single HTML code across multiple screen sizes is feasible but not without changing its view for different screen sizes. A web page that luxuriously spans multiple columns across the screen of a desktop (Figure 3) will not fit well into the screen of a smartphone (Figure 4). Figure 3: A View on Desktops Figure 4: The Same View on Smartphones It is, therefore, necessary to design different views that optimized for the respective screens of smartphones, tablets, desktops, and larger desktops based on the same content. In this respect, I have identified three key methods of designing responsible web. They are Retile, Replace, and Resize, which I aptly coin the “Three R’s of Responsible Web Design“. Let’s meet them one by one… Retile On larger screens like those of desktops, there is abundant width to have multiple sections of contents placing side-by-side across the screen (Figure 3). On smaller screens like those of tablets and smartphones, however, it is commoner to place these sections of contents one above another (Figure 5) so as to maintain the legibility and usability of the web page. In other words, you have to re-position, i.e. retile, some sections of your web page as a way to optimize the view for different screen sizes. Figure 5: Re-tiled View for Tablets Replace On larger screens like those of desktops, a navigation bar usually displays horizontally across the screen (Figure 6). On smaller screens like those of tablets and smartphones, however, it is commoner to replace them with an icon that toggles the display of the navigation bar vertically (Figures 7 and 8). Figure 6: Horizontal Navigation Bar for Desktops Figure 7:  An Icon in place of Navigation Bar on Smartphones Figure 8: Navigation Bar Expanded Vertically on Icon Click Resize It is not unimaginable that dimensions of large elements such as headings and images will need to be change in order for them to fit into as well as look right on different screen sizes.  For example, the dimensions that look fine on the screen of a desktop go awry on that of a smartphone as shown in Figure 9 below: Figure 9: Oversized Elements on Smartphones Undoubtedly, you will have to resize those elements as a way to optimize the view for smartphones as shown in Figure 10. Figure 10: Optimally Re-sized Elements on Smartphones Media Queries To codify the three R’s of responsive web design, you will have to engage the CSS’s media queries at the various breakpoints where you want the changes to take place. A media query is a powerful CSS feature introduced in CSS3. It enables the same HTML content to be presented optimally over a wide range of devices based on conditions such as media type, viewport size, resolution, and orientation. A media query consists of a media type, such as screen and print, and zero or more media features, such as width and height. The media type and media features of a media query constitute the expression which resolves to either true or false based on its containing medium. Check out some examples of media queries below: @media screen {
  div {
    display: none
  }
} @media screen and (max-width: 768px) {
  div {
    display: block
  }
} @media screen and (min-width: 992px) {
  div {
    display: inline
  }
} @media screen and (min-width: 768px) and (max-width: 992px) {
  div {
    display: inline-block
  }
} The programmatic capability of CSS’s media queries combined with creative and innovative application of the three R’s of responsive web design, will enable you to put the same HTML content on devices of any screen features. Summary In this article, you have learned about the needs and rationale for multi-screen friendly websites. You have learned that the programmatic capability of CSS’s media queries combined with creative and innovative application of the three R’s of responsive web design, are keys to building multi-screen friendly websites. The post The Three R’s of Responsive Web Design appeared first on Peter Leow's Code Blog. License This article, along with any associated source code and files, is licensed under The Code Project Open License (CPOL) Share email twitter facebook linkedin reddit google+ About the Author Peter Leow Instructor / Trainer Singapore Check out my publications at http://www.amazon.com/author/peterleow Read my many articles at http://www.peterleowblog.com/ Follow me on twitter at https://twitter.com/peterleowblog “Live as if you were to die tomorrow. Learn as if you were to live forever.” ― Mahatma Gandhi 子曰："三人行，必有我师焉；择其善者而从之，其不善者而改之." You may also be interested in... Pro Mobile App Playbook Pro How 5 Companies Maintain Optimal .NET Performance Responsive Web Design Using Twitter Bootstrap SAPrefs - Netscape-like Preferences Dialog Responsive Web Design Generate and add keyword variations using AdWords API Comments and Discussions   First Prev Next Missing details gggustafson7-Nov-16 9:21 gggustafson 7-Nov-16 9:21  A little shy on the implementation. Greater detail or references to further explanations would have been very, very helpful. Interesting article.   Gus Gustafson Re: Missing details Peter Leow7-Nov-16 18:06 Peter Leow 7-Nov-16 18:06  Thank you. Peter Leow https://www.amazon.com/author/peterleow Last Visit: 31-Dec-99 19:00     Last Update: 14-Nov-16 9:22 Refresh 1 General    News    Suggestion    Question    Bug    Answer    Joke    Praise    Rant    Admin    Use Ctrl+Left/Right to switch messages, Ctrl+Up/Down to switch threads, Ctrl+Shift+Left/Right to switch pages. Go to top Permalink | Advertise | Privacy | Terms of Use | Mobile Web02 | 2.8.161110.1 | Last Updated 1 Nov 2016 Article Copyright 2016 by Peter Leow Everything else Copyright © CodeProject, 1999-2016 Layout: fixed | fluid
make-use-of-logo logo-background menu search search-start close email bookmark facebook google twitter pinterest stumbleupon whatsapp amazon youtube youtube label-rectangle triangle-long down PC & Mobile Windows Mac Linux Android iPhone and iPad Internet Security Technology News Lifestyle Entertainment Productivity Creative Gaming Browsers Social Media Finance Self Improvement Hardware Technology Explained Buying Guides Smart Home DIY Product Reviews Deals Giveaways Top Lists About About MakeUseOf Advertise Privacy Newsletter Chats Search for: Facebook Pinterest Twitter YouTube Search Popular Topics The Internet Windows iPhone and iPad Android Mac Gaming MakeUseOf The Best Websites on The Internet Internet The Best Websites on The Internet Rob Nightingale 8 Tips to Effectively Boost Your Wireless Router Signal Technology Explained 8 Tips to Effectively Boost Your Wireless Router Signal Dan Price Top Deals Search Open Menu Close Menu PC & Mobile Windows Mac Linux Android iPhone and iPad Internet Security Technology News Lifestyle Entertainment Productivity Creative Gaming Browsers Social Media Finance Self Improvement Hardware Technology Explained Buying Guides Smart Home DIY Product Reviews Deals Giveaways Top Lists About About MakeUseOf Advertise Privacy Newsletter Chats Facebook Facebook Facebook Facebook Search for: What Is a Smart TV & 6 of the Best On The Market Today Buying Guides What Is a Smart TV & 6 of the Best On The Market Today Mihir Patkar November 1, 2016 01-11-2016 9 minutes What Is a Smart TV & 6 of the Best On The Market Today Facebook Twitter Pinterest Stumbleupon Whatsapp Email Ads by Google With the holiday season just around the corner, it’s a great time to buy a new TV. Most stores will start sales soon, where you can expect to get some exciting deals on new televisions. It helps to know which TVs to look out for, so you don’t get blinded by a good price. Most televisions you look at now will be smart TVs. What is a smart TV? A smart TV is any television that can connect to and browse the Internet without needing external apparatus. You don’t need a smart TV 5 Reasons Why You Shouldn't Buy a Smart TV in 2016 5 Reasons Why You Shouldn't Buy a Smart TV in 2016 It's undeniable that smart TVs are now obsolete, and at this time, the choice to buy a smart TV would not be a smart thing to do. Here's why. Read More , to be honest, but that’s most likely what you will get. And you’ll need to know a few other common TV terms 8 Common Terms You Need To Know Before Buying Your Next TV 8 Common Terms You Need To Know Before Buying Your Next TV When you go out to buy a new television, you might be a little confused by the many options available, all the features they have, and the jargon you need to wade through. Read More as well. What Is a Smart TV? The concept of Smart TV has actually been around for quite some time. The first Smart TV related patent was filed in 1994, though it’s only in the last 5 years that we’ve seen features in commercial sets. There is no one answer which can describe exactly what a Smart TV is. Generally speaking, Smart TV refers to a trend of integrating Internet-connected technologies into a TV set; a convergence of computer-like features. More specifically, Smart TVs may have one or more of the following features, though not necessarily all – the term is used for marketing purposes, not as an international standard. Features vary by manufacturer and by age of the TV. My 4 year old Smart TV will have a lot less features than a new Smart TV bought this year, for instance, but they both adopt the moniker. Video Playback Via DLNA/USB. This is a much base level feature for Smart TVs and has been for some years now, though format support varies, particular on older devices that would play video through USB, but were restricted to FAT32 formatted drives and AVI files only. With DLNA streaming 6 UPnP/DLNA Servers for Streaming Media to Your Devices 6 UPnP/DLNA Servers for Streaming Media to Your Devices UPnP devices are able to see and communicate with one another, and one of the best uses for this technology to stream media around the house. Read More , a server application on the network can often take care of transcoding to compatible formats, but this isn’t foolproof, and a server machine is needed somewhere to do the actual conversion. Apps & Games; Angry Birds on your TV? That’s a thing now, along with catch-up and on-demand streaming such BBC iPlayer, Netflix, and YouTube. PVR/DVR Functionality; the ability to schedule and record shows without using a separate device. You may also be able to search for media across a variety of sources, similar to TiVo or Roku 6 Reasons Why You Need A Roku [Opinion] 6 Reasons Why You Need A Roku [Opinion] Electronics can be evil. A short time ago I wrote an article about using the Xbox 360 as a media center. I concluded that it wasn’t the best choice. Sensing my betrayal, the 360 promptly... Read More . Gesture & Voice Control; embedded Kinect or Wii Remote-like devices enable control of the TV from the sofa without using a traditional remote. Just wave your hand, or shout at the TV. I can’t comment on how effective these are as I havn’t tried them out, but if it’s anything like the Kinect then I expect it’s quite frustrating once the initial wow factor wears off. Social Networking; because you can’t ever have enough Facebook. Some will also have Skype video conferencing. Web Browsing. Smartphone Connectivity; for streaming media and sharing content to the big screen. Ads by Google 4K and UHD: High-resolution 4K or Ultra HD televisions are gaining popularity. Again, you don’t need 4K Why Buying A 4K TV Right Now Is A Waste Of Money Why Buying A 4K TV Right Now Is A Waste Of Money With an obvious price difference between the new generation of 4K TVs, and older Full HD models - do you really need 4K? We think not, and here's why. Read More unless you’re buying a TV over 80 inches and sitting 10 feet or more away from it. Don’t reject 4K if it’s fitting in your budget. But don’t extend your budget for 4K, or consider it a must-have feature. HDR: High Dynamic Range (HDR) is a new standard HDR TV: What It Is & Why You'll Need It in 2016 HDR TV: What It Is & Why You'll Need It in 2016 High Dynamic Range, or HDR, is shaping up to be the big TV buzzword for 2016. But what is it? Will it live up to the hype? Here's all you need to know. Read More in television technology that is catching on fast. HDR tech gives you better colors and contrast ratio, but only if the content you’re playing is also HDR compatible — and not much is, at the moment. 3D: 3D TVs are dead, plain and simple. No one is making content to take advantage of 3D TVs anymore, and it will slowly become obsolete. Don’t be swayed by 3D support in a smart TV Smart TV 3D: Is It All It's Cracked Up to Be? Smart TV 3D: Is It All It's Cracked Up to Be? If you're unfamiliar with smart TVs, now may be the time to catch up and see what you've been missing. With Smart TV 3D technology, you have even more options to consider. Read More , it’s not necessary. Once you know the basics differentiating between televisions, you can pick any of the models listed below. They’ll give you the best bang for the buck in their price range and features. Best Value for Money: Vizio P50-C1 ($999) or Vizio P65-C1 ($1,999) If your budget is $1,000 or your budget is $2,000, your choice is clear. Go with the Vizio P50-C1 or the Vizio P65-C1, respectively. Every reviewer thinks these are the best TVs in their price range. Both are full-array LED TVs, so the picture quality is substantially better than LCD-LED TVs in the same price. In fact, CNET praised it as the best picture quality they’ve seen at this price. Yup, better than models by Samsung, LG, and Sony. Most important among its many features: The TVs support 4K resolution with built-in upscaling Upscaling: How Does It Work and Is It Worth It? Upscaling: How Does It Work and Is It Worth It? Read More . At the moment, neither television offers HDR. However, a software upgrade promises to bring that soon. But perhaps most important is their “smart TV” tech. Vizio has integrated a Google Cast device into the TV, and called it SmartCast! That’s right, you don’t need to buy a separate Chromecast Google Chromecast Review and Giveaway Google Chromecast Review and Giveaway We're giving away a Google Chromecast, so read through our review, then join the competition to win! Read More . Plus, instead of a traditional remote control, you get a 6-inch Android tablet. Cast Netflix, Hulu, or whatever else to the TV and you’re good to go. It also means you can cast the tablet’s screen for apps that don’t support Chromecast, like Amazon Prime. Of course, you can use your own phone or tablet too. The only thing to keep in mind is that the 50-inch model has 60Hz refresh rate. If you like the “soap opera effect” on TV (demonstrated above), you should ideally have a refresh rate over 100Hz. In that case, consider the 55-inch P55-C1 model for $1,099. Built-In Roku: TCL S3800 40″ to 55″ ($250 to $613) One of our favorite media streaming devices Roku Streaming Stick Review and Giveaway Roku Streaming Stick Review and Giveaway All the features of a full Roku experience, in a small form factor that plugs straight into HDMI - does the Roku Streaming Stick deliver? Read on to find out and win one for yourself. Read More , Roku, has teamed up with television maker TCL. The result is a series of TVs that have the Roku TV platform built in, and come with a special remote control too. You don’t need to attach any external streaming device. The S3800 series goes up to 55-inch sizes with Full HD resolution, and you don’t need 4K at that size. The 28-inch and 32-inch models are 720p HD resolution. The TCL S3800 is all about ease of use. It’s the best way to cut the cord Cord Cutters: Ignore Set Top Boxes & Use A PC Instead Cord Cutters: Ignore Set Top Boxes & Use A PC Instead Ditching cable? Stay away from dedicated media center devices. Your spare PC makes for an excellent alternative because it's cheap to set up, more powerful, and forever flexible. Read More and still find life easy. The preloaded apps that Roku supports will give most services that anyone would want from their TV anyway. And it’s simple enough that your parents can use it. You should know that the TCL series of TVs don’t have the best picture quality in this price range, even though it’s full-array LED. For that, again, Vizio is the king. If you’re okay with adding a media streaming device like the Roku, I’d suggest picking up a Vizio E series TV, which comes with built-in Smartcast or Google Cast technology. TCL 40FS3800 40-Inch 1080p Roku Smart LED TV (2015 Model) TCL 40FS3800 40-Inch 1080p Roku Smart LED TV (2015 Model) Refresh Rate: 60Hz (Native), 120Hz Clear Motion Index (Effective) Buy Now At Amazon $269.99 Best Mid-Range: Vizio M series 43″ to 80″ ($510 to $4,500) The Wirecutter, CNET, Reviewed.com, What Hi-Fi, and every other respectable TV reviewer agrees. The Vizio M series of TVs was the best mid-range television in 2015, and probably still is in 2015. Its successor, the Vizio D series, hasn’t received reviews that are as promising and unanimous. The Vizio M series has all the basics you could want of a modern TV. The picture quality is top-notch, again beating anything in its class. In fact, an M series TV of $500 would beat a Samsung or LG of $750. The 2016 model has built-in Smartcast or Google Cast, like the P series, with a tablet remote control as well. You can still get a media streaming device The 8 Best Devices for Streaming Movies to Your TV The 8 Best Devices for Streaming Movies to Your TV There are several ways to stream media to your TV, and deciding which way is right for you can be overwhelming. Let us help you explore what's currently available. Read More for it if you want. It has 4K Ultra HD resolution, built-in Wi-Fi, 120Hz refresh rate, and five HDMI ports—not something you often see in mid-range TVs. The Vizio M series is also one of the few TV lineups to get praise for its sound. It doesn’t get very loud, mind you, but it’s clearer and richer than others. VIZIO M43-C1 43-Inch 4K Ultra HD Smart LED TV (2015 Model) VIZIO M43-C1 43-Inch 4K Ultra HD Smart LED TV (2015 Model) Refresh Rate: 120Hz (Effective) Buy Now At Amazon Picture Quality > Features: LG 55EG9100 OLED TV ($1,397) [UK] The LG 55EG9100 fails in many areas. For example, it does not have 4K Ultra HD support. The LG 55EG9100 does not support HDR. The LG 55EG9100 is curved, not flat, which seems gimmicky. The LG 55EG9100 also comes with WebOS 3.0, so you will probably need to spend more to get a Roku media streamer Which Roku Media Streamer Should You Buy? Which Roku Media Streamer Should You Buy? The current offering is split into five products – the Roku Streaming Stick, and the Roku 1, 2, 3, and 4. This article looks at what each product can offer, and tries to ascertain which... Read More . So why should you pay $1,400 for this TV? It’s the OLED screen, my friends. It’s real, and it’s spectacular. I got to see a movie on this TV, and nothing–nothing–I’ve watched has come close to it. The OLED screen is so far ahead of even the best full-array LED TVs, it’s not even a comparison. If you’re looking for the best picture quality possible without spending an ungodly amount of money, then this is the TV to get. If you’re trying to choose between a 65-inch 4K TV and this 55-inch Full HD TV, this is the TV to get. If you love your eyes and have the money, this is the TV to get. LG Electronics 55EG9100 Curved 55-Inch 1080p Smart OLED TV (2015 Model) LG Electronics 55EG9100 Curved 55-Inch 1080p Smart OLED TV (2015 Model) Smart Functionality: Yes, webOS 2.0 Buy Now At Amazon Too low to display The Best TV Today: LG OLED E6P ($4,997) LG has a monopoly on making OLED televisions right now. And OLED is the best display technology Everything You Need to Know About Television Technology Everything You Need to Know About Television Technology Before the days of mobile devices and laptops, our entertainment needs were mostly filled by one source, the television. Read More at the moment. So it should be no surprise that it makes the best TV you can buy today. And having a monopoly means you can charge whatever you feel like. The LG OLED E6P is mainly about bragging rights. Spending $5,000 on a television set is a little crazy. But hey, if you have the money, go for it. This too runs LG’s WebOS, so you might want a media streaming device to go with it. LG Electronics OLED65E6P Flat 65-Inch 4K Ultra HD Smart OLED TV (2016 Model) LG Electronics OLED65E6P Flat 65-Inch 4K Ultra HD Smart OLED TV (2016 Model) Smart Functionality: Yes, webOS 3.0 Buy Now At Amazon $3,997.00 Heck, even a Chromecast can make a smart media center How To Make Chromecast Your Smart Media Centre How To Make Chromecast Your Smart Media Centre At just $18, the Chromecast is an unmistakably great way to make your TV "smart", but it can feel a bit of a one-trick pony once the initial euphoria wears off. Read More . But if you’re spending 5K for a TV, I’m guessing you don’t really care about the additional expenditure of that streamer. Should You Buy One? If you’re in the market for a new TV, it’s actually going to be difficult to not buy a Smart TV. Regardless of whether you want the features or not, most new TVs are going to have some form of Smart TV functionality built in to varying degrees. It’s a similar situation to 3D – if you’re buying a good TV, then chances are it will also be 3D capable, purely because 3D features require good quality components. That said, if you already have a TV that you’re happy with, the new Smart TV features are certainly nothing worth upgrading for. If you already have a computer, an Apple TV, Xbox 360 (all great media center devices), or an iPad – these perform the same job better, and your Smart TV isn’t going to offer anything new. If you don’t already have a PC or other device hooked up to your TV, then you will undoubtedly find some value in a Smart TV. Do you have a Smart TV, and do you actually use some or all of the features? Why did you chose that manufacturer in particular? Are you going to buy a new TV this year, and do Smart TV features sound like something you might want? Let’s discuss in the comments section below. Original article written by James Bruce. Updated by Mihir Patkar on Sept 20, 2016 Previous PostThe Best USB-C Chargers of 2016: What’s Safe and What’s Dangerous?Next PostMake Sure You Enable This Amazon Echo Setting ASAP 19 comments Write a Comment iRikal November 1, 2016 at 2:30 pm Investing in a "smart tv" is inadvisable. The problem is not from the technology itself but on the support the manufacturer will provide you. As an example, SONY decided not to update it's "older" TVs to make them compatible to the new Youtube policies and as such, the app on the TV becomes obsolete. This is what happens when you purchase software on a hardware designed for something totally different. I say the dumbest TV with the best resolution is worth much more than the smartest TV that will become obsolete anyway. If you want to get some smarts on your TV, buy a Roku, Amazon Fire Stick, Google TV or Apple TV. That way, no matter what, you are much more likely to have your apps working for longer. Reply JP January 5, 2016 at 6:03 am There are options to wirelessly share a tablet screen to you tv for you about $20 or so. That should alleviate the desire for a smart tv and make way more sense. Reply Spider April 24, 2015 at 8:22 am Thanks for this article. I feel guilty just having talked a friend into buying a smart TV, and was about to buy one myself. The article has made me think of buying a HD LED straight TV instead and rather spend the money for the "smart" bit on a larger screen. I have a 10 year old HD ready Sony Trinitron CRT that is too heavy and takes up too much space, and is also a heavy power consumer, so a standard flat LED HD TV combined with my laptop will do the job nicely. Reply TheCRTProductions December 11, 2014 at 2:51 pm Back in 2005 our old black TV stopped working and we got a new 32" TV, it is a standard definition, 4:3 ratio screen CRT TV that doesn't connect to the internet, doesn't have useless apps, has great picture quality (like I say, quality and resolution are two separate things), and it works fine still. We won't be upgrading any time soon because the TV has lasted almost a decade and I wouldn't doubt if it lasts another. I'm not old, i'm still in high school, and I don't see any use whatsoever in a smart TV. By reading these articles it sounds like they last about 2-4 years, we can't afford that. Plus why would I want to watch a 240p Youtube/ Dailymotion video on a 1080p 3D smart TV? I'd rather watch regular satellite TV with real TV shows. Reply James Bruce December 14, 2014 at 9:28 am What YouTube videos are you watching at 240p?! The screen ratio is a pretty big thing. Personally, I don't watch broadcast TV - only movies, in 1080p - so 4:3 CRT would never work. But really, you're absolutely right - don't upgrade if you don't need to. Solid advice for any gadget purchase! Reply TheCRTProductions March 27, 2015 at 5:49 am I normally watch long (20- 40 minute) Youtube videos from people like Spocktra50 or Shango066 in 360p because I live in the boondocks Reply TheCRTProductions March 27, 2015 at 5:52 am And also I usually watch TV on a converter box, which you can set to crop the signal to a 4:3 ratio, which works with all stations (some already broadcasting like that) except for FOX. And my converter box has USB functionality so if I were to find a 1955 Motorola 21K32 by any chance and get it running, hypothetically I could download and watch some Jerry Sludger on it. Reply Ihearthim April 11, 2013 at 2:27 am Wow, great article. I was contemplating on buying a 47" Smart TV but I'm glad I read this article. I would've liked the internet options on the TV so that I can have less hassle with connecting devices to the tv but since the Smart TV's don't have an upgrade function, I will def pass! Thanks for helping me save lots of big bucks! All I want is a bigger tv, an upgrade from what I currently have. Time to go tv shopping again. Thank you again ;) Reply dsfjsdk dsf February 25, 2013 at 2:03 am Forgot to mention: Super cheap option - use a Apple TV, Boxee, etc. They give you access to Netflix, Hulu, etc, and if you jailbreak the Apple TV/install extra software on the others, you get web browsing too, I believe (don't quote me on it). Reply dsfjsdk dsf February 25, 2013 at 2:01 am Short Answer: You do NOT need one. Either put the saved $ toward a better regular TV, or buy/build a cheap PC and hook it up to your regular TV. The latter option ensures that you end up with ALL the capabilities of a PC (duh), with more powerful components and decent web browsers and peripherals. I checked out several of these "smart" TVs months ago. Horrible controls (trying typing on them, or using their pointers). This "smart" nonsense is the same as the "3D" crap. I've seen many 3D TVs - minimal 3D effects for maximum price tags. Pathetic attempts of the TV industry to gouge their customers instead of actually improving/innovating their product lines. Why the hell are TVs still 1080p, for example? Work on that issue, and the money will come as well. Reply James Bruce February 25, 2013 at 1:51 pm I have an active 3D TV and love it, though I've tried a few passive screens and the quality is absolutely appalling. Completely agree - smart TVs are probably a waste of money if you have literally any other modern device in the house. I think a big push of this years CES was ultra HD though, wasn't it? 4k pixels! Do you really think we need a higher resolution? I'd rather look at more engaging ways of diplaying content... VR headsets, wrap around projectors, that kind of thing. Reply Luis Gorospe January 20, 2013 at 6:58 pm Oh! I need one. Does it's come free? Reply Lisa Santika Onggrid January 14, 2013 at 4:02 pm No. I don't even use TV anymore since I got my computer, aside for occassional news (I get my daily dose of that from newspaper). Aside of smartphone connectivity and USB compatibility I don't think I need any feature the Smart TV genre touts. If you have computer with working internet connection then you're all set. No need for Smart TV. You don't need your whole life connected to the internet. Reply Faustin January 10, 2013 at 2:49 pm these are just decorations. It costed me a fortune to get a Samsung 32" and the only feature I was after was defective! A computer coupled to a creative mind is better of all! Reply susendeep dutta January 10, 2013 at 12:20 pm Smart TVs are just unintuitive in the first place and most part are just half baked or useless in other demographics of the world.Their menus are difficult to navigate using remote. I just want to refrain from buying any flat panel TVs as they are very bad for SD quality cable transmission.The will show every defects and have contrast level which are no problem in older CRTs. Moreover,what makes me refrain from buying these LCD/LED TVs is that all manufacturers are in the practice of panel price fixing which results in high prices of such TVs.I find these unreasonable. If it's better not to support any such companies for such type of practices,then I would like to choose a 27" CRT over flat TVs. Reply dragonmouth January 9, 2013 at 9:25 pm Just what I need - a TV that will tell me that I've watched too much of it. Reply Donovan Burns January 10, 2013 at 5:25 am It could pause your program until you do some yoga. Reply Scott Macmillan January 10, 2013 at 4:06 pm HaHa!!! Reply Chescatatum January 26, 2015 at 2:17 pm Great article James. For those who live outside US like me, you can access Netflix, Hulu and similar media stations on your Samsung Smart TV by using UnoTelly or similar tools. Reply Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Mihir Patkar 769 articles Mihir Patkar is a freelance writer on technology and life hacks, who firmly believes chocolate is the answer to any question. You can usually find him saying other such silly things on Twitter. Advertisement Latest Giveaways Moto G4 Plus Review and Giveaway Moto G4 Plus Review and Giveaway Riley J. Dennis November 11, 2016 11-11-2016 Lego Mindstorms EV3 Review and Giveaway Lego Mindstorms EV3 Review and Giveaway Christian Cawley November 8, 2016 08-11-2016 Elephone Elecam 360 Camera Review and Giveaway Elephone Elecam 360 Camera Review and Giveaway James Bruce November 4, 2016 04-11-2016 Advertisement Trending The Best Websites on The Internet Internet The Best Websites on The Internet Rob Nightingale November 10, 2016 10-11-2016 4 Smart Reasons to Avoid the Smart Home Trend Smart Home 4 Smart Reasons to Avoid the Smart Home Trend Joel Lee November 9, 2016 09-11-2016 You Should Uninstall Web of Trust Right Now Security Tech News You Should Uninstall Web of Trust Right Now Dave Parrack November 9, 2016 09-11-2016 Advertisement Related Articles Should You Buy an HDR 4K TV for Gaming? Gaming Should You Buy an HDR 4K TV for Gaming? Joel Lee November 8, 2016 08-11-2016 12 Ways to Make Kodi the Best Media Player for You Entertainment 12 Ways to Make Kodi the Best Media Player for You Rob Nightingale November 8, 2016 08-11-2016 5 Reasons to Install Kodi on Your Android Right Now Android 5 Reasons to Install Kodi on Your Android Right Now Dan Price October 27, 2016 27-10-2016 Advertisement Latest Deals Affiliate Disclosure: By buying the products we recommend, you help keep the lights on at MakeUseOf. Read more. Subscribe to Our Newsletter Email: Advertisement Scroll down for the next article © 2016 MakeUseOf. All Rights Reserved.
make-use-of-logo logo-background menu search search-start close email bookmark facebook google twitter pinterest stumbleupon whatsapp amazon youtube youtube label-rectangle triangle-long down PC & Mobile Windows Mac Linux Android iPhone and iPad Internet Security Technology News Lifestyle Entertainment Productivity Creative Gaming Browsers Social Media Finance Self Improvement Hardware Technology Explained Buying Guides Smart Home DIY Product Reviews Deals Giveaways Top Lists About About MakeUseOf Advertise Privacy Newsletter Chats Search for: Facebook Pinterest Twitter YouTube Search Popular Topics The Internet Windows iPhone and iPad Android Mac Gaming MakeUseOf The Best Websites on The Internet Internet The Best Websites on The Internet Rob Nightingale 8 Tips to Effectively Boost Your Wireless Router Signal Technology Explained 8 Tips to Effectively Boost Your Wireless Router Signal Dan Price Top Deals Search Open Menu Close Menu PC & Mobile Windows Mac Linux Android iPhone and iPad Internet Security Technology News Lifestyle Entertainment Productivity Creative Gaming Browsers Social Media Finance Self Improvement Hardware Technology Explained Buying Guides Smart Home DIY Product Reviews Deals Giveaways Top Lists About About MakeUseOf Advertise Privacy Newsletter Chats Facebook Facebook Facebook Facebook Search for: Google Just Outed an Unpatched Windows Vulnerability Security Tech News Google Just Outed an Unpatched Windows Vulnerability Dave Parrack November 1, 2016 01-11-2016 2 minutes Google Just Outed an Unpatched Windows Vulnerability Facebook Twitter Pinterest Stumbleupon Whatsapp Email Ads by Google Google has disclosed a zero-day vulnerability in Windows which is currently unpatched and being actively exploited in the wild. It’s far to say Microsoft is none too happy with this situation, claiming Google’s actions “puts customers at potential risk”. Sometime in early October, Google discovered serious vulnerabilities in both Windows and Flash. On October 21st, Google informed Microsoft and Adobe of the critical security issues 5 Ways to Protect Yourself from a Zero-Day Exploit 5 Ways to Protect Yourself from a Zero-Day Exploit Zero-day exploits, software vulnerabilities that are are exploited by hackers before a patch becomes available, pose a genuine threat to your data and privacy. Here is how you can keep hackers at bay. Read More in both products. On October 26th, Adobe updated Flash to fix the issue. But Microsoft still hasn’t fixed the issue lurking in the Windows kernel. Despite this, Google disclosed details of the vulnerabilities in a post published on the Google Security Blog on October 31st. This adheres to the company’s policy of publicly revealing such issues exist seven days after informing the vendor of the affected product(s). Microsoft Gets Upset With Google Google describes the Windows vulnerability as follows: “The Windows vulnerability is a local privilege escalation in the Windows kernel that can be used as a security sandbox escape. It can be triggered via the win32k.sys system call NtSetWindowLongPtr() for the index GWLP_ID on a window handle with GWL_STYLE set to WS_CHILD. Chrome’s sandbox blocks win32k.sys system calls using the Win32k lockdown mitigation on Windows 10, which prevents exploitation of this sandbox escape vulnerability.” Which likely offers enough information for hackers to figure out how to use the vulnerability to their advantage. This has obviously upset Microsoft, which told VentureBeat: “We believe in coordinated vulnerability disclosure, and today’s disclosure by Google puts customers at potential risk. Windows is the only platform with a customer commitment to investigate reported security issues and proactively update impacted devices as soon as possible. We recommend customers use Windows 10 and the Microsoft Edge browser for the best protection.” This Is Bad For Everyone Involved Adobe was able to patch the vulnerability quickly, but then it’s a lot easier to patch Flash than it is to patch Windows. So Microsoft may have a valid argument that such a speedy public disclosure is bad for everyone involved. That is apart from criminals trying to exploit the security holes. Ads by Google It should be noted that the Flash vulnerability is required to take advantage of the Windows vulnerability. At least in its current form. So, as long as you make sure you have the latest version of Adobe Flash Why Flash Needs to Die (And How You Can Get Rid of It) Why Flash Needs to Die (And How You Can Get Rid of It) The Internet's relationship with Flash has been rocky for a while. Once, it was a universal standard on the web. Now, it looks like it may be headed to the chopping block. What changed? Read More , you should be safe from harm for the time being. However, Microsoft still needs to patch the Windows vulnerability sooner rather than later. Did Google do the right thing disclosing this vulnerability so quickly? Does Microsoft have a valid argument that seven days isn’t long enough to patch such problems? Have you checked to make sure Adobe Flash is up to date? Please let us know in the comments below! Image Credit: Pirátská Strana via Flickr Previous PostHow Netflix Decides How to Spend Your MoneyNext PostYou Can Now Control Your Sonos With Spotify 6 comments Write a Comment Kyrido November 9, 2016 at 9:03 am Bye bye windows I'm moving to Mac ;) After so many years and windows were ions nothing changes. Windows will be windows. Reply Logan November 3, 2016 at 2:06 pm For the love of God... can we please get rid of Adobe Flash already? Reply David Bumpus November 2, 2016 at 12:51 pm It seems as if Microsoft was too busy preparing for all the events they had/have scheduled for the end of October and beginning of November to allocate the proper resources to fixing this issue in a timely manner. I also think that when another big player in the tech industry gives you a heads up about a security issue you should take that seriously and get on it right away. Reply Andreas November 1, 2016 at 8:56 pm I understand why Google did that. Adobe took it seriously. Microsoft should take these things seriously, but seems more happy with just collecting our personal data. That Adobe took something serious and Microsoft didn't is quite a paradox. Reply phillw November 1, 2016 at 2:30 pm Yup, Google told them gave them 7 days in that time savvy criminals could exploit it with 'Joe Public' totally unaware. So, M$... get your asses into gear, your finger out of the collective bum hole and get such issues fixed in hours... not days!!! Reply rhinkthank November 1, 2016 at 1:56 pm MS should get its shit together before blaming others of transparency. Reply Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Dave Parrack 1558 articles Dave Parrack is the Tech News and Entertainment editor at MakeUseOf. He hails from the UK, where he enjoys eating, drinking, and sleeping. Kinda like a cat. Advertisement Latest Giveaways Moto G4 Plus Review and Giveaway Moto G4 Plus Review and Giveaway Riley J. Dennis November 11, 2016 11-11-2016 Lego Mindstorms EV3 Review and Giveaway Lego Mindstorms EV3 Review and Giveaway Christian Cawley November 8, 2016 08-11-2016 Elephone Elecam 360 Camera Review and Giveaway Elephone Elecam 360 Camera Review and Giveaway James Bruce November 4, 2016 04-11-2016 Advertisement Advertisement Affiliate Disclosure: By buying the products we recommend, you help keep the lights on at MakeUseOf. Read more. Subscribe to Our Newsletter Email: Scroll down for the next article © 2016 MakeUseOf. All Rights Reserved.
This web site uses cookies to improve your experience. By viewing our content, you are accepting the use of cookies. To find out more and change your cookie settings, please view our cookie policy. Edition: Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan Go Videos Smart City Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security Apple more Data Centers Mobility IoT Enterprise Software Hardware AI, Automation, and Tech Jobs See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Newsletters All Writers Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out Go Menu Videos Smart City Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security Apple Data Centers Mobility IoT Enterprise Software Hardware AI, Automation, and Tech Jobs See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out us Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan AWS public cloud is twice as big as Microsoft, Google, IBM combined A new report into revenue for the third quarter shows what a significant lead Amazon Web Services has in the public cloud market. By Liam Tung | November 1, 2016 -- 13:42 GMT (06:42 PDT) | Topic: Cloud The Q3 2016 public cloud revenue chart reveals the strength of AWS. Image: Synergy Research Group Amazon Web Services is utterly dominating the competition, taking 45 percent of worldwide revenues for public cloud services, according to a new analysis. Microsoft and Google might be increasing public cloud revenues faster than AWS, but they've also got a long way to go to come close to catching up, a new analysis from Synergy Research Group shows. The combined revenues from Microsoft, Google, and IBM amount to less than 20 percent of worldwide infrastructure-as-a-service, or IaaS, revenues in Q3 2016, compared with AWS's 45 percent, the research firm reports. read full story Inside IBM's plan to become a cloud broker and even resell AWS, Microsoft Azure With the launch of cloudMatrix, IBM is pivoting from systems integration to services integration. And that means Big Blue will even resell customers Amazon Web Services, Microsoft Azure and Google Cloud Platform. Read More The analysis doesn't delve into the profitability of each firm's cloud business, though that's probably because AWS is the only public cloud outfit that discloses operating income each quarter. AWS last week reported an operating income of $861m for Q3 2016 on revenues of $3.2bn. With that result AWS has delivered an operating income of $2.18bn on revenue of $8.68bn in the first nine months of the year. AWS's operating income now overshadows Amazon's North America e-commerce business, which had year-to-date operating income of $1.54bn on revenue of $53.54bn. AWS's consecutive quarterly revenue gains this year put it on target to generate at least $12bn in revenues, with an operating income of around $3bn by the end of the year. Microsoft, by contrast, reports its commercial cloud revenue has an annual run rate of $13bn. However, that figure includes Azure, Office 365, and services. Google hasn't disclosed its revenue run rate and IBM puts its as-a-service run rate at $7.5bn. According to Synergy Research Group, the combined market for IaaS, platform-as-a-service, and managed private cloud was worth $8bn in the third quarter. IaaS is the biggest component, though PaaS is the fastest-growing segment. AWS also dominates PaaS revenues, with revenues about equal to its three largest rivals, Salesforce, Microsoft, and IBM. IBM, which is rebranding SoftLayer under the Bluemix brand, is leading the managed private cloud field, ahead of AWS, Rackspace, and NTT. Read more about Amazon Web Services Amazon posts disappointing Q3 results, but AWS continues to grow AWS cloud costs: Amazon hopes these tools can help fight budget blowouts AWS, VMWare announce strategic partnership, new hybrid cloud service Join Discussion Powered by Livefyre Add your Comment Related Stories Cloud Microsoft Azure: Cloud datacenter goes fully wind powered in landmark energy deal Big Data Analytics High performance computing (HPC): A look at what's next with TACC's Dan Stanzione Cloud Cloud will account for 92 percent of datacenter traffic by 2020 Cloud eBay, BigCommerce tighten platform integration for sellers × Thank You Please review our terms of service to complete your newsletter subscription I agree to the Terms of Use, Privacy Policy and Video Services Policy. I understand I will receive a complimentary subscription to TechRepublic's News and Special Offers newsletter, and the Daily Digest newsletter (you can opt out at any time). ACCEPT & CLOSE Newsletters You have been successfully signed up. To sign up for more newsletters or to manage your account, visit the Newsletter Subscription Center. See All See All ZDNet Connect with us © 2016 CBS Interactive. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | Cookies | Ad Choice | Advertise | Terms of Use | Mobile User Agreement Visit other CBS Interactive sites: Select SiteCBS CaresCBS FilmsCBS RadioCBS.comCBSInteractiveCBSNews.comCBSSports.comChowhoundCNETCollege NetworksGameSpotLast.fmMaxPrepsMetacritic.comMoneywatchmySimonRadio.comSearch.comShopper.comShowtimeTechRepublicThe InsiderTV.comUrbanBaby.comZDNet Topics All Authors Galleries Videos About ZDNet Meet The Team Site Map RSS Feeds Reprint Policy Manage | Log Out Log In to ZDNET | Join ZDNet Membership Newsletters Site Assistance
clock menu more-arrow Log In or Sign Up Log In Sign Up Tech Science Culture Cars Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker TL;DR Forums more Tech Apple Google Microsoft Apps Photography Virtual Reality All Tech Science Space Energy Health Environment All Science Culture Web TV Film Games Comics Music All Culture Cars Ride-Sharing Cars Mass Transit Aviation Rideables All Transportation Reviews Phones Laptops Cameras Tablets Headphones Smartwatches VR Headsets This is my Next All Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker TL;DR Forums ✕ Google Entertainment Tech Google is turning your phone into a magic wand for Fantastic Beasts tie-in New, 10 comments ‘It's leviOsa, not leviosA!’ by Chaim Gartenberg@cgartenberg Nov 1, 2016, 10:22am EDT share tweet Linkedin In case you haven’t heard, there’s a new Harry Potter movie coming out. We’re only a few weeks away now from the release of Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them, and Google is teaming up with Warner Bros. to help showcase the film with a series of Google service-based tie-ins. Turn on the flashlight with a Lumos spell The best of the Harry Potter integrations is that Google will allow you to turn your Android phones into a bona-fide magic wands. Using “OK Google” voice commands, you can now instruct your phone to turn on the flashlight with a Lumos spell, or shutter it with Nox. And of course, casting the Silencing Charm with Silenco will, logically, silence the ringer and notifications on the device. Honestly, I can’t see a single reason why Harry Potter spells shouldn’t immediately become the default control method for all voice commands going forward. Google Google is also adding tours of locations in Fantastic Beasts using Google Street View, allowing fans to virtually visit the Magical Congress of the USA, The Blind Pig speakeasy, and the apartment of some of the films main characters. Additionally, Google is planning a Fantastic Beasts Daydream VR experience for the Daydream View headset when it goes on sale later in November, along with a Fantastic Beasts sticker pack for use in Google Allo. Next Up In Entertainment Some 'Enhanced' games are having framerate issues on the PS4 Pro HBO has renewed Westworld for a second season Predicting Westworld: so it’s Lost The Walking Dead Redemption Club season 7, episode 4: Service The Martian VR Experience is coming to PSVR and Vive tomorrow Watch the first trailer for Disney's live-action Beauty and the Beast Now Trending MacBook Pro with Touch Bar review: a touch of the future This NES Classic Edition teardown shows off a simple gaming system Over 300 million AdultFriendFinder accounts have been exposed in a massive breach This Article has a component height of 10. The sidebar size is medium. Loading comments... The Latest Web US & World Tech Google will soon ban fake news sites from using its ad network by Nick Statt@nickstatt Today, Google announced that its advertising tools will soon be closed to websites that promote fake news, a policy that could cut off revenue streams for publications that peddle hoaxes on platforms like Facebook. The decision comes at a critical... New, 2 comments Circuit Breaker Gaming Entertainment Some 'Enhanced' games are having framerate issues on the PS4 Pro by Paul Miller Eurogamer has dug deep into PlayStation 4 Pro performance, and found a few flaws. While the vast majority of "PS4 Pro Enhanced" games run fine at higher resolutions (up to 4K), or with more advanced anti-aliasing and with other graphical... New, 3 comments Microsoft Good Deals Black Friday Microsoft’s Black Friday deals include Xbox One and Surface discounts by Chaim Gartenberg@cgartenberg Microsoft is offering some discounts on Black Friday at the Microsoft Store, and, as one might be able to guess, the deals center around Microsoft’s Surface PCs and Xbox One consoles, along with a few other Windows computers. Additionally,... New, 1 comment Circuit Breaker Tech Headphones Marshall mixes old and new with its latest Bluetooth headphones by Chaim Gartenberg@cgartenberg Today Marshall announced its newest top-of-the-line pair of Bluetooth headphones: the Marshall Mid Bluetooth. In essence, they take the look of the over-ear Marshall Monitor line, shrink them down to an on-ear size, and add the same hardware from... New, 0 comments US & World Tech Facebook What we know, and what we don’t, about Facebook’s effort to reduce hoaxes by Casey Newton@CaseyNewton Nearly a week after the US presidential election, Facebook continues to be roundly criticized for its role in spreading misinformation. In the wake of a close contest, some have said Facebook’s lax attitude toward hoaxes swung the election to... Report Tech Twitter The FBI just got its hands on data that Twitter wouldn’t give the CIA by Russell Brandom@russellbrandom The FBI has a new view into what’s happening on Twitter. Last week, the bureau hired Dataminr, a Twitter-linked analytics firm, to provide an “advanced alerting tool” to over 200 users. Twitter owns a 5 percent stake in Dataminr and provides it... Chorus Terms of Use Privacy Policy Communications Preferences Contact Tip Us Community Guidelines About Ethics Statement All Systems Operational Check out our status page for more details. Vox Media Advertise with us Jobs @ Vox Media © 2016 Vox Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved tweet share
News Entertainment Bollywood Hollywood TV Tech Gadgets Sports Football Cricket Education InTabloid.com News Entertainment Bollywood Hollywood TV Tech Gadgets Sports Football Cricket Education Tech Google Chrome for Android might be getting an Update for One-Handed Use By Mudit Gauniyal Posted on November 1, 2016 Google is planning to bring an update for its much used Browser, Google Chrome but that update is going to come for Smartphones only and that too for those which are running on Android OS. The tests are running over Google Chrome’s Developer Build version. As the days are passing we are watching that Smartphones are getting bigger and bigger. Now it’s difficult to find any “worth your money” device below 5 inches screen size and that’s true too. Majority of the Smartphone users prefer to use a device with a pretty big display (Forget Apple’s Claims saying that majority of the Smartphone users love to use a 4-inch Smartphone. We all know Apple SE was a big flop, the day it launched). But with big display comes “handling” problems too, not everyone’s hands are very big to hold it completely which makes it difficult to perform some tasks with only one hand free out of two. Watching this problem only it seems like Google will soon be releasing a new Chrome update for all its Android users who love to use their device with one hand only. AndroPolice wrote in a report that one of their authors found out that in the Google Chrome Developer’s edition some testing is going on which places its controls at the bottom of the screen whenever the person holds its device in one hand. This might look as a small change but this will help a lot of people as with a big device browsing the internet with one hand was really a tough task as if we’ll go to the top of its screen to search anything then we might lose the grip to our Smartphone and watch it falling. To counter this only Google seems to bring this new update in Chrome that when holding the phone in one of your hands, places the tab switcher just beside your thumb so that you can switch tabs without stretching your hands. We don’t know whether this might be hitting the stable version or not but we wish to watch it come real soon. Share this: Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Related Items:Chrome, Google, Google Chrome Recommended for you Google soon shutting Map Maker App, Integrating it in Google Maps Play Store gets Netbanking Support for India : Here’s how to Use it Google optimizing its Search results to help Mobile Sites rank better Click to comment Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Website Notify me of follow-up comments by email. Notify me of new posts by email. Post navigation Xiaomi Redmi 4, Redmi 4A Specs Leaked, estimated Price in India MIT Engineers using Spinach Engineering to track Explosives The LATEST 87 Featured Hyundai Tucson 2016 launched at Rs 18.99 lakh, check Prices and Variants 63 Bollywood The shoot of Ajay Devgn’s next, ‘Baadshaho’ delayed because of Demonetisation 72 TV Bigg Boss 10 November 14th Update : Tonight’s Shocking Nominations, Evictions POPULAR NOW 1.2K Vidyut Jamwal: I enjoy everything in Delhi, even peak summers! The New Age Action Hero of Bollywood, Vidyut Jamwal recently walked the ramp in... 1.1K Intex Cloud Scan FP at Rs. 3,999 with Fingerprint sensor Launched After the Cloud S9 launch a couple days ago, the Indian cell phone organization... 932 Gujarat Police Constable Exam Answer Keys from October 26 at www.ojas.gujarat.gov.in Gujarat Police’s recruitment (written exam) was conducted across the states on October 23. The... 626 NDTV banned for 1 day for revealing ‘sensitive’ details over Pathankot Attack coverage The I&B ministry announced that TV channel NDTV India will be taken off air for a day... 535 BlackBerry DTEK70 with QWERTY keypad Leaked : Release date, Price and Specs BlackBerry DTEK70 is another gadget from BlackBerry that has been leaked with Qwerty keypad.... What’s New Hyundai Tucson 2016 launched at Rs 18.99 lakh, check Prices and Variants The shoot of Ajay Devgn’s next, ‘Baadshaho’ delayed because of Demonetisation Bigg Boss 10 November 14th Update : Tonight’s Shocking Nominations, Evictions In a first, Pak admits Casualties at LoC; 7 Pakistani soldiers killed by Indian Army After 200 movies, Jackie Chan finally has an Oscar in his account Subscribe Contact Us About Us Disclaimer Privacy Policy Copyright © 2016 InTabloid. All Rights Reserved. To Top Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
null
In English На русском Հայերեն Full version November 1, 2016 - 18:05 AMT SHARE First-ever Google Tango phone boasts genuine AR gaming Tango, Google's depth-sensing tech, is ready to make its consumer debut: the first-ever Tango phone, the Lenovo Phab2 Pro, goes on sale for $499 on Tuesday, November 1, according to Engadget. To accompany the Phab2 Pro's launch, Google is announcing over 35 new Tango apps, all of which will be available in the Play Store on Tuesday. Tango first started life as a project within ATAP, Google's Advanced Technologies and Projects division. The idea was to integrate an array of sensors and cameras into a mobile device so that it could figure out its position relative to its surroundings. As reported earlier, Tango's 3D-mapping can be used to give directions in a museum, assist in home improvement projects and create cartoon worlds, but there are a few new ones that seem to be new. One of them is Crayola Color Blaster, which is described as a "zombie color-blasting game." Created by Legacy Games, the object here is to deal with incoming zombies by pelting them with paint. The zombies appear in an augmented reality view on the display, so it looks as if they're there in your actual living room. Next is Sockethead Games' Slingshot Island, which is pretty much as the name describes. Again utilizing augmented reality, you place a virtual island in your physical space, be it your dining table or your kitchen floor. From there, you'll use a slingshot to shoot projectiles at it in order to solve puzzles, like knocking an egg off a structure. The interesting thing here is that your entire phone is the motion controller. That means as soon as you aim your target, you actually move the phone around to establish the shot -- as if your entire phone is the slingshot itself. Of course, Tango has other uses besides gaming. You can use an app called Measure to measure anything in your home, which is useful for home decorating. Apps like Wayfair View or iStaging are great for visualizing the placement of your furniture. There are educational applications too, like Solar Simulator for exploring the planets in the solar system. SHARE PanARMENIAN.Net © 2000—2016
By using this service and related content, you agree to the use of cookies for analytics, personalised content and ads. Home News Weather Entertainment Sport Money More > Lifestyle Horoscopes Health & Fitness Food & Drink Cars Travel Dating news You are using an older browser version. Please use a supported version for the best MSN experience. Google reveals Microsoft Windows security flaw being 'actively exploited' by hackers Evening Standard 01/11/2016 Jamie Bullen Google has angered Microsoft by disclosing a security flaw in Windows which it warned is being “actively exploited" by hackers. The tech giant said in a post on its security blog that it informed Microsoft of the weakness in the kernel or core of the Windows operating system on October 21 but a fix is yet to be released. It said the flaw allows hackers to use a bug to escape what are known as security sandboxes, which are designed to isolate malicious code. The move sparked an angry response from Microsoft, which says Google could endanger Windows customers by revealing the vulnerability before an update to fix the problem has been issued. © Provided by Independent Print Limited It said in a statement: “We believe in co-ordinated vulnerability disclosure, and today's disclosure by Google could put customers at potential risk. “Windows is the only platform with a customer commitment to investigate reported security issues and proactively update impacted devices as soon as possible. "We recommend customers use Windows 10 and the Microsoft Edge browser for the best protection." Google said it made the disclosure to “protect users” as it waited before going public. It added the flaw is "particularly serious because we know it is being actively exploited". Google also revealed it had discovered a bug in Adobe's Flash software, although Adobe issued a fix for the problem on October 26. "We encourage users to verify that auto-updates have already updated Flash - and to manually update if not - and to apply Windows patches from Microsoft when they become available for the Windows vulnerability," Google's Threat Analysis Group said. Additional reporting by Press Association Go to MSN Home More in News Briton will be extradited to US over hacking charges Sky News Farage: Marine Le Pen has done a good job Huffington Post UK Trial hears Jo Cox was murdered 'by gunman repeating "Britain First"' The Guardian Mosul: Snipers, car bombs and trapped families Sky News Nazi memorabilia on offer at school car boot sale The Guardian Hero dog saves boy stuck in tumbler Press Association Up Next MiG-29 fighter jet crashes into sea Sky News More in News IVF mum marries donor after tracking him down and falling in love Mirror Tracking an elusive diary from Hitler's inner circle The New York Times £1bn Madonna becomes highest-grossing solo touring artist ever Evening Standard AdChoices AdChoices More from Evening Standard West Ham chairman David Sullivan hits back after Eggert Magnusson brands London Stadium 'unfit for football' Evening Standard England vs Spain: Joe Hart admits he needs to tone down pre-match antics Evening Standard ATP World Tour Finals: Order of play (Tuesday November 15), prediction, TV, Andy Murray world No1 permutations and betting odds Evening Standard Supermoon: London stargazers left frustrated after once-in-a-lifetime sight ruined by 'superclouds' Evening Standard Evening Standard More from Evening Standard Home News Weather Entertainment Sport Money Lifestyle Horoscopes Health & Fitness Food & Drink Cars Travel Dating © 2016 Microsoft Privacy & Cookies Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Anti-Spam Newsletter
Home Business All Companies Enterprise Comms Start-ups Discovery All Innovation Machines Earth Science Careers All Advice People Employers Jobs Life All Trending Gear Play Video All More Subscribe Advertise About Contact us BUSINESS DISCOVERY CAREERS LIFE VIDEO MORE Tweet Share Email ALL COMPANIES ENTERPRISE COMMS START-UPS Design thinking brought to a new level through VR Is Calexit in the works? Silicon Valley investors call for California independence Donald Trump: The shock president Silicon Valley disdains Skibbereen success: Death to small town syndrome And so it begins: Messenger expanding sponsored chats Leaders’ Insights: Anne O’Leary, Vodafone Ireland Samsung makes massive $8bn bet on connected cars Siemens closes in on $4.5bn Mentor Graphics deal Lies, damn lies and social media: Facebook defends role in US elections Weekend takeaway: Don’t be down in the Trumps Irish-based Hibernia Networks snapped up by GTT for $590m Google rubbishes EU claims that Android hurts mobile competition 412m AdultFriendFinder network accounts exposed in massive breach MHC Tech Law: When can you resell software? The five-minute CIO: Alex Stamos, CSO, Facebook India’s surprise rupee chop a dream for fintech companies What is the rest of the world searching about Donald Trump? Robots are primed to change industry… any day now Clever Virgin offer puts WhatsApp and Messenger centre stage Siro CEO: ‘Fibre is about enabling a greater future for Ireland’ Siro claims 36,500 FTTH homes as 1Gbps fibre race steps up a gear Eir CEO Richard Moat: ‘Telcos are turning into media companies’ The Big Upgrade: How to make Three plus O2 equal one network Virgin sends a fibre broadband boost to 2,000 homes in Tullamore Web Summit Lisbon shines a harsh light on Dublin’s rickety infrastructure Start-up of the week: Veri Integrated Training Dogpatch has a new patch – 40,000 sq ft extra space includes urban garden Female entrepreneurs welcomed for €500,000 start-up fund OpenBack wins €25,000 ESB Spark of Genius 2016 prize CurrencyFair raises €8m and bulks up leadership team ALL INNOVATION MACHINES EARTH SCIENCE Can you divide up the music budget evenly using maths? Ireland’s Edge line-up revealed ahead of Dingle STEAM showcase A game of two halves, but maths will be the real winner Can you logic your way to €1m? Lies, Boolean logic and crime scenes: Chapter One 10 changes of the future: Bye bye apps, hello robots and blockchain European AI expert Prof Barry O’Sullivan named SFI Researcher of the Year 2016 The 17 funniest animal photos of 2016 have been revealed 20 incredible women leading the way to scientific advancement 5 cool Christmas gift ideas for children learning to code Insulin pioneer Frederick Banting celebrated with Doodle Leaders’ Insights: Donnacha O’Riordan, MCCI BMW: ‘Supercomputers, AI and 5G crucial to make self-driving real’ ‘Harry Potter invisibility cloak’ developed for photonic chips Facebook’s AI revolution will start with Picasso-like photo filters Booking.com’s Gillian Tans: ‘AI is the future of travel’ China research team smashes quantum cryptography record New morphing aeroplane wing is covered by scale-like skin How many people could live on Earth? Forget a climate shift in centuries, more like decades, climatologists claim WeForest doubles crowdfunding target to empower Indian village World awaits birth of ‘baby dragons’ in Slovenia Gold and platinum discovered in south-east Irish streams The bees are still in trouble, so we are too ALL ADVICE PEOPLE EMPLOYERS JOBS In a dark week, we find light in career development Maths considered most difficult third-level STEM subject Interest in cybersecurity spikes due to US election Irish jobs dry spell creates opportunity for career growth College & Beyond event helps young women develop STEM careers How unusual recruitment methods attract better candidates I have just graduated. What do I do now? To close the tech skills gap, developing interest is essential What do you need to do to become a super boss? How do top companies attract top talent? Want a career in software? These are the most important skills Thinking about a career in marketing? An analytical mind is helpful 20 incredible women leading the way to scientific advancement Ireland’s Edge line-up revealed ahead of Dingle STEAM showcase Lorna Ross: Innovation is all about timing, not good ideas Fjord’s Mark Curtis: ‘Design thinking must not become a management fad’ Alan Siegel of Siegelvision reveals 3 things he uses to evaluate a brand Have we reached peak sharing economy? DocuSign opens new R&D operation in Dublin to counter cyber threats Aviva opens new digital hub creating 50 jobs in Galway Storyful plans job growth as it opens new Dublin office Hundreds of sci-tech jobs announced across 9 companies in Ireland IoT company Smartfrog to fill 35 new jobs in Dublin An AOL internship: More than just coffee and hackathons ALL GEAR PLAY TRENDING In wake of Donald Trump victory, Microsoft thinks we need a ‘digital reset’ Waking The Feminists: One year on How many selfies do you take before landing on the perfect one? Senan Byrne, Ireland’s biggest Vine star, reacts to its death Dublin City Marathon is getting faster, older and more male 10 amazing images that bagged wildlife photography awards Emoji alert: Breastfeeding, UFOs, vampires and hijabs on the way? WhatsApp ups its offering with GIF support on iOS 6 great gift ideas for lovers of Irish creativity Samsung pins its hopes on AI assistant in Galaxy S8 WhatsApp about to steal some of Snapchat’s ideas Huawei Mate 9 enters the fray as the Note7 smoke settles You can now recreate Ireland in Minecraft with OSI maps Can you recognise the main rooms from your favourite TV shows? ‘No Man’s Sky was a mistake’: Hello Games deletes inflammatory tweet (updated) Nintendo Switch: 6 games you can play on the console TV wars continue as Sky reveals mobile app Red Dead Redemption 2 finally confirmed for 2017 release Reports of your death have been greatly exaggerated – by Facebook Canada immigration website crashes as US deals with Donald Trump win Twitter reacts to Donald Trump winning US presidency Who will win the US presidential election? Google calling it first See how Earth’s population grew over time Interactive map shows over 35,000 fishing vessels at work on the world’s oceans ALL How can colleges ensure everyone gets a chance? Is ‘Peers Inc’ the latest industrial revolution? How social media helped save codebreaking’s true home David Hennessy: Making Three plus O2 equal one The working life is changing fast, companies need to catch up Nora Khaldi on being both a scientist and an engineer ADVERTISE SUBSCRIBE CONTACT ABOUT ENTERPRISE Mobile reigns supreme as desktop browsing finally left behind by Gordon Hunt 1 Nov 201684 Shares Mobile browsing. Image: GaudiLab/Shutterstock The gradual increase in mobile internet browsing has seen it overtake desktop for the first time ever in October – an inevitable, yet seminal moment in the industry. 51.3pc v 48.7pc. That’s the monthly tally of mobile devices against desktop devices used on the internet in October, the culmination of a seven-year changing of the guard. StatCounter’s latest figures show that mobile devices finally closed the gap and usurped desktop after an 18-month spell of very slow change. In mid-2015, a 10-point gap was established. This summer, it was reduced to little or nothing and now at last, the switch has happened. What does this mean? Websites that are not tailored for mobile, or better still entirely built for mobile browsing, will soon be left behind. “This should be a wake-up call especially for small businesses, sole traders and professionals in Ireland and across the world to make sure that their websites are mobile friendly. Many older websites are not,” commented Aodhan Cullen, CEO of StatCounter. Last year, one of Google’s better-known changes to its search algorithm – dubbed Mobilegeddon at the time – saw the search giant rank websites in order of their compatibility to the device of the person searching. As things stand, Google search results on both desktop and mobile are sourced from the same powerful index that decides what results you get when you search ‘Chinese restaurants San Francisco’, for example. However, if reports are accurate, that search in a few months’ time on desktop won’t be as up to date as the same search on mobile, as Google’s plans follow market trends and the near month-on-month decline of PC sales globally. “Mobile compatibility is increasingly important not just because of growing traffic but because Google favours mobile-friendly websites for its mobile search results,” added Cullen. Interestingly, despite the global figures showing mobile as the new king, both the UK and US remain desktop enthusiasts. In recent months, UK desktop devices browsing the internet grew out to 55.6pc of the market, with US desktop devices even more popular, at 58pc. In Ireland, too, the merge of 50/50 earlier this year has since seen desktop figures branch out up to almost 58pc, showing just how dominant mobile must be elsewhere in the world. The mobile revolution of recent years is speeding up as 2016 comes to a close. We are now at a point where the vast majority of merchants in Ireland can accept contactless payments and this will reach 100pc by 2020, said Philip Konopik, Visa country manager for Ireland. The biggest user of mobile payments in Europe is Turkey, with 91pc of consumers now using some form of mobile payment, followed by Denmark (89pc), Norway (87pc) and Israel (87pc). Ireland is not far behind in eighth place at 78pc, just ahead of Finland (77pc). Actually, the Irish market is an interesting case study of late. Mobile ad spend in the country has overtaken desktop-based ad spend for the first time, with the former rocketing by 67pc. The latest IAB PwC Online Adspend Survey for H1 2016 shows that digital ad spend has reached an all-time high of €216m, with €108.5m spent on mobile. Related: computer science, Mobile, search Gordon Hunt is a journalist at Siliconrepublic.com editorial@siliconrepublic.com You May Also Like You May Also Like Companies Mobile ad spend overtakes desktop for the first time 26 Oct 201632 Shares Hiring Now Join us to create the technology of tomorrow Innovation for mobility and the internet of things The largest employer in northwest Ireland Help us change the way money works Enterprise Google desktop search results could be out of date very soon 14 Oct 201694 Shares Machines Will current AI be illegal in the EU in 2018? 26 Oct 201660 Shares SUBSCRIBE TO OUR E-ZINE Sign up to receive weekly alerts bringing the best of Siliconrepublic.com straight to your inbox. Submit Email Innovation Irish computing group funded for oceanic research by US body 15 Jul 201616 Shares Play What is Nintendo’s next move after Pokémon Go? 18 Jul 20167 Shares Machines ‘Harry Potter invisibility cloak’ developed for photonic chips 4 days ago8 Shares Latest News European AI expert Prof Barry O’Sullivan named SFI Researcher of the Year 2016 9 minutes ago Web Summit Lisbon shines a harsh light on Dublin’s rickety infrastructure 22 minutes ago The 17 funniest animal photos of 2016 have been revealed 29 minutes ago Can you divide up the music budget evenly using maths? 32 minutes ago 412m AdultFriendFinder network accounts exposed in massive breach 1 hour ago Samsung makes massive $8bn bet on connected cars 2 hours ago MHC Tech Law: When can you resell software? 2 hours ago 20 incredible women leading the way to scientific advancement 2 hours ago 5 cool Christmas gift ideas for children learning to code 2 hours ago Siemens closes in on $4.5bn Mentor Graphics deal 2 hours ago Lies, damn lies and social media: Facebook defends role in US elections 2 hours ago Insulin pioneer Frederick Banting celebrated with Doodle 3 hours ago DocuSign opens new R&D operation in Dublin to counter cyber threats 3 hours ago Start-up of the week: Veri Integrated Training 4 hours ago Reports of your death have been greatly exaggerated – by Facebook 2 days ago Weekend takeaway: Don’t be down in the Trumps 2 days ago The five-minute CIO: Alex Stamos, CSO, Facebook 2 days ago Dogpatch has a new patch – 40,000 sq ft extra space includes urban garden 2 days ago In wake of Donald Trump victory, Microsoft thinks we need a ‘digital reset’ 2 days ago In a dark week, we find light in career development 2 days ago Leaders’ Insights: Donnacha O’Riordan, MCCI 2 days ago Irish-based Hibernia Networks snapped up by GTT for $590m 2 days ago Science and social responsibility: An ongoing discussion 2 days ago I have just graduated. What do I do now? 2 days ago More from Business Latest News Home About Contact Advertise Subscribe Privacy Policy All content copyright 2002-2016 Silicon Republic Knowledge & Events Management Ltd. Reproduction without explicit permission is prohibited. All rights reserved. Designed by Zero-G and Square1.io Silicon Republic Cookies Policy Our Website uses cookies to improve your experience. Please visit our Privacy Policy page for more information about cookies and how we use them. Close
InsideTimmies SyrupShop Community News Phones Phones Huawei passed on opportunity to manufacture Google’s Pixel smartphones, company executive confirms November 14, 2016 OnePlus 4 will feature 8GB, QHD display and more, according to new leak November 14, 2016 Force Touch-like feature could be coming to Samsung’s Galaxy S8 November 14, 2016 Top Canadian mobile stories from the past week November 13, 2016 VIEW ALL Tablets Tablets Surface Book i7 Review: One for the pros November 10, 2016 Dell is reportedly building an all-in-one Windows 10 mobile Continuum device November 9, 2016 iPad gains market share as the overall tablet market shrinks October 31, 2016 What to expect from Microsoft’s October 26th Windows event October 25, 2016 VIEW ALL Wearables Wearables Samsung tears down its own Gear S3 smartwatch to reveal what’s inside November 14, 2016 The water resistant Asus ZenWatch 3 is now available in Canada for $349.99 November 13, 2016 HTC Vive goes wireless with new, expensive upgrade kit November 11, 2016 Google says Cardboard app compatibility will soon come to the Daydream View November 10, 2016 VIEW ALL Accessories Accessories Apple will launch wireless AirPod headphones by November 19th according to European reseller November 10, 2016 Samsung Gear S3 smartwatch release date pushed to November 23rd in Canada November 10, 2016 Google’s Daydream View VR headset is now available in Canada for $99 November 10, 2016 GoPro recalls about 2,500 recently-launched Karma drones November 8, 2016 VIEW ALL Automotive Automotive Samsung makes largest overseas acquisition ever with Harman International purchase November 14, 2016 Montreal installs 50 electric vehicle charging networks across the city November 11, 2016 Vespa reveals plans to release an electric scooter called the Elettrica November 9, 2016 Tesla acquires automated manufacturing company to boost production November 8, 2016 VIEW ALL Games/Apps Games/Apps Here are all the apps that support the 2016 MacBook Pro’s Touch Bar and Touch ID November 14, 2016 Google’s new Play Music app is both smarter and prettier November 14, 2016 Nintendo Switch will cost $330 in Canada, according to Toys R Us leak November 14, 2016 Google Photos on Android can now generate animations while offline November 14, 2016 VIEW ALL Carriers Carriers Vidéotron once again snags top telecom provider in Quebec November 14, 2016 Rogers and Fido’s new EnRoute tool lets customers track technicians from their phone November 14, 2016 Public Mobile launches U.S. roaming options [Update] November 14, 2016 Top Canadian mobile stories from the past week November 13, 2016 VIEW ALL Plans Plans CRTC hearing on differential pricing for Canadian data plans begins this week October 31, 2016 Top Canadian mobile stories from the past week October 9, 2016 Reminder: Exclusive Chatr plans for ex-Mobilicity customers end on October 3 [Update] September 27, 2016 CRTC will implement wholesale access to fibre optic internet September 20, 2016 VIEW ALL Manufacturers Manufacturers Samsung makes largest overseas acquisition ever with Harman International purchase November 14, 2016 Asus to unveil Google Tango-enabled AR smartphone in January November 14, 2016 Google Assistant to launch third-party developer platform in December November 10, 2016 Tim Cook wrote a letter to Apple’s American employees following Trump’s presidential win November 10, 2016 VIEW ALL Reviews Phones Phones LG G5, six months later October 31, 2016 Asus Zenfone 3 review: The best mid-range camera experience October 22, 2016 Google Pixel review: The high-end Android you’ve been waiting for October 18, 2016 Pixel and Pixel XL Hands-on: Say goodbye to Nexus October 4, 2016 VIEW ALL Tablets Tablets Acer Switch Alpha 12 review: Not the affordable Surface Pro 4 alternative you’re looking for August 9, 2016 Samsung Galaxy Tab Pro S review: An overpriced first crack at the 2-in-1 crown May 25, 2016 Kindle Oasis review: The best e-reader is not worth the price of a high-end tablet May 4, 2016 9.7-inch iPad Pro Hands-on: Same tablet, smaller build March 21, 2016 VIEW ALL Wearables Wearables Fitbit Flex 2 review: The barebones tracker for the fitness rookie November 13, 2016 Charge 2 Review: Fitbit’s best tracker yet may not be the best fit for you October 12, 2016 PlayStation VR review: High-end virtual reality goes mainstream October 5, 2016 Pokémon Go Plus review: Professor Oak would not approve September 28, 2016 VIEW ALL Accessories Accessories AirPods review: Welcome to the wireless future September 19, 2016 Samsung Gear 360 review: Spherical eye September 4, 2016 Vancouver-based Hitcase’s rugged cases transform your iPhone into an action camera August 31, 2016 Gear 360 Hands-on: Samsung finally lets its 360 camera out to play August 2, 2016 VIEW ALL Automotive Automotive Android Auto 2.0 review: Google bridges the infotainment gap November 8, 2016 2016 Honda Civic infotainment review: CarPlay and Android Auto take over July 16, 2016 Android Auto review December 31, 2015 Review: Is going ‘Platinum’ enough for streaming in the 2016 Ford Explorer? November 30, 2015 VIEW ALL Games/Apps Games/Apps PlayStation VR review: High-end virtual reality goes mainstream October 5, 2016 Hands-on with the Gears of War 4 Limited Edition Xbox One S bundle October 4, 2016 Facebook introduces new Messenger ‘Lite’ app for Android aimed at emerging markets October 3, 2016 Science News & Discoveries keeps you up-to-date on the world of science [App of the Week] September 11, 2016 VIEW ALL Features Latest Latest Fitbit Flex 2 review: The barebones tracker for the fitness rookie November 13, 2016 RunGunJumpGun is a Canadian-developed game about running and gunning [Game of the Week] November 12, 2016 The rise of the synthetic personality: can chatbots be our friends? November 12, 2016 5 of the most horrific mobile games you can play on Halloween October 29, 2016 VIEW ALL Tête-à-tête Tête-à-tête Tête-à-Tête: HTC Vive vs. PlayStation VR – Which VR headset is more impressive? September 26, 2015 Tête-à-Tête: How are Apple, Samsung, and BlackBerry playing the enterprise game? March 5, 2015 Tête-à-Tête: Has John Chen lost his mind? January 25, 2015 Tête-à-Tête: What is the appeal of the BlackBerry Classic? December 15, 2014 VIEW ALL SyrupCast SyrupCast SyrupCast 95: Living the next four years in a virtual world November 11, 2016 SyrupCast 94: Why the big three don’t want to keep things neutral November 4, 2016 SyrupCast 93: Can Microsoft out Apple by being Apple? October 28, 2016 SyrupCast 92: Goodbye Guy, Hello Elon’s driverless future October 21, 2016 VIEW ALL Buyers’ Guide Buyers' Guide Amazon opens Black Friday Store with discounts on thousands of items November 1, 2016 Father’s Day Gift Guide for the Fitness dad June 17, 2016 Father’s Day gift guide for the Entertainment Dad June 15, 2016 Father’s Day gift guide for the Gamer Dad June 14, 2016 VIEW ALL Editorials Editorials Net neutrality vs. differential pricing: CRTC hearing discusses mobile internet in Canada November 7, 2016 What it’s like to be a Canadian at Google’s Indie Games Festival October 5, 2016 What Shomi’s closure means for the Canadian streaming market September 27, 2016 Vancouver’s Roadhouse Interactive closes shop, over 100 developers out of work September 21, 2016 VIEW ALL App/Game of the Week App/Game of the Week Learn five new things every day with Curiosity [App of the Week] November 13, 2016 RunGunJumpGun is a Canadian-developed game about running and gunning [Game of the Week] November 12, 2016 Get your sleep cycle on track with Pillow [App of the Week] November 6, 2016 Do a backflip in Pumped BMX 3 [Game of the Week] November 5, 2016 VIEW ALL Resources How-to’s How-to's How to get the most out of Google Assistant November 1, 2016 How to get the most of out the iPhone 7 Plus’ Portrait Mode October 29, 2016 How to return your Samsung Galaxy Note 7 through Canadian carriers October 11, 2016 How to charge Google Play purchases to your cell phone bill October 5, 2016 VIEW ALL Coverage Map Outage Map About About Us Contact & Tips Advertise Contests News Phones Phones Huawei passed on opportunity to manufacture Google’s Pixel smartphones, company executive confirms November 14, 2016 OnePlus 4 will feature 8GB, QHD display and more, according to new leak November 14, 2016 Force Touch-like feature could be coming to Samsung’s Galaxy S8 November 14, 2016 Top Canadian mobile stories from the past week November 13, 2016 VIEW ALL Tablets Tablets Surface Book i7 Review: One for the pros November 10, 2016 Dell is reportedly building an all-in-one Windows 10 mobile Continuum device November 9, 2016 iPad gains market share as the overall tablet market shrinks October 31, 2016 What to expect from Microsoft’s October 26th Windows event October 25, 2016 VIEW ALL Wearables Wearables Samsung tears down its own Gear S3 smartwatch to reveal what’s inside November 14, 2016 The water resistant Asus ZenWatch 3 is now available in Canada for $349.99 November 13, 2016 HTC Vive goes wireless with new, expensive upgrade kit November 11, 2016 Google says Cardboard app compatibility will soon come to the Daydream View November 10, 2016 VIEW ALL Accessories Accessories Apple will launch wireless AirPod headphones by November 19th according to European reseller November 10, 2016 Samsung Gear S3 smartwatch release date pushed to November 23rd in Canada November 10, 2016 Google’s Daydream View VR headset is now available in Canada for $99 November 10, 2016 GoPro recalls about 2,500 recently-launched Karma drones November 8, 2016 VIEW ALL Automotive Automotive Samsung makes largest overseas acquisition ever with Harman International purchase November 14, 2016 Montreal installs 50 electric vehicle charging networks across the city November 11, 2016 Vespa reveals plans to release an electric scooter called the Elettrica November 9, 2016 Tesla acquires automated manufacturing company to boost production November 8, 2016 VIEW ALL Games/Apps Games/Apps Here are all the apps that support the 2016 MacBook Pro’s Touch Bar and Touch ID November 14, 2016 Google’s new Play Music app is both smarter and prettier November 14, 2016 Nintendo Switch will cost $330 in Canada, according to Toys R Us leak November 14, 2016 Google Photos on Android can now generate animations while offline November 14, 2016 VIEW ALL Carriers Carriers Vidéotron once again snags top telecom provider in Quebec November 14, 2016 Rogers and Fido’s new EnRoute tool lets customers track technicians from their phone November 14, 2016 Public Mobile launches U.S. roaming options [Update] November 14, 2016 Top Canadian mobile stories from the past week November 13, 2016 VIEW ALL Plans Plans CRTC hearing on differential pricing for Canadian data plans begins this week October 31, 2016 Top Canadian mobile stories from the past week October 9, 2016 Reminder: Exclusive Chatr plans for ex-Mobilicity customers end on October 3 [Update] September 27, 2016 CRTC will implement wholesale access to fibre optic internet September 20, 2016 VIEW ALL Manufacturers Manufacturers Samsung makes largest overseas acquisition ever with Harman International purchase November 14, 2016 Asus to unveil Google Tango-enabled AR smartphone in January November 14, 2016 Google Assistant to launch third-party developer platform in December November 10, 2016 Tim Cook wrote a letter to Apple’s American employees following Trump’s presidential win November 10, 2016 VIEW ALL Reviews Phones Phones LG G5, six months later October 31, 2016 Asus Zenfone 3 review: The best mid-range camera experience October 22, 2016 Google Pixel review: The high-end Android you’ve been waiting for October 18, 2016 Pixel and Pixel XL Hands-on: Say goodbye to Nexus October 4, 2016 VIEW ALL Tablets Tablets Acer Switch Alpha 12 review: Not the affordable Surface Pro 4 alternative you’re looking for August 9, 2016 Samsung Galaxy Tab Pro S review: An overpriced first crack at the 2-in-1 crown May 25, 2016 Kindle Oasis review: The best e-reader is not worth the price of a high-end tablet May 4, 2016 9.7-inch iPad Pro Hands-on: Same tablet, smaller build March 21, 2016 VIEW ALL Wearables Wearables Fitbit Flex 2 review: The barebones tracker for the fitness rookie November 13, 2016 Charge 2 Review: Fitbit’s best tracker yet may not be the best fit for you October 12, 2016 PlayStation VR review: High-end virtual reality goes mainstream October 5, 2016 Pokémon Go Plus review: Professor Oak would not approve September 28, 2016 VIEW ALL Accessories Accessories AirPods review: Welcome to the wireless future September 19, 2016 Samsung Gear 360 review: Spherical eye September 4, 2016 Vancouver-based Hitcase’s rugged cases transform your iPhone into an action camera August 31, 2016 Gear 360 Hands-on: Samsung finally lets its 360 camera out to play August 2, 2016 VIEW ALL Automotive Automotive Android Auto 2.0 review: Google bridges the infotainment gap November 8, 2016 2016 Honda Civic infotainment review: CarPlay and Android Auto take over July 16, 2016 Android Auto review December 31, 2015 Review: Is going ‘Platinum’ enough for streaming in the 2016 Ford Explorer? November 30, 2015 VIEW ALL Games/Apps Games/Apps PlayStation VR review: High-end virtual reality goes mainstream October 5, 2016 Hands-on with the Gears of War 4 Limited Edition Xbox One S bundle October 4, 2016 Facebook introduces new Messenger ‘Lite’ app for Android aimed at emerging markets October 3, 2016 Science News & Discoveries keeps you up-to-date on the world of science [App of the Week] September 11, 2016 VIEW ALL Features Latest Latest Fitbit Flex 2 review: The barebones tracker for the fitness rookie November 13, 2016 RunGunJumpGun is a Canadian-developed game about running and gunning [Game of the Week] November 12, 2016 The rise of the synthetic personality: can chatbots be our friends? November 12, 2016 5 of the most horrific mobile games you can play on Halloween October 29, 2016 VIEW ALL Tête-à-tête Tête-à-tête Tête-à-Tête: HTC Vive vs. PlayStation VR – Which VR headset is more impressive? September 26, 2015 Tête-à-Tête: How are Apple, Samsung, and BlackBerry playing the enterprise game? March 5, 2015 Tête-à-Tête: Has John Chen lost his mind? January 25, 2015 Tête-à-Tête: What is the appeal of the BlackBerry Classic? December 15, 2014 VIEW ALL SyrupCast SyrupCast SyrupCast 95: Living the next four years in a virtual world November 11, 2016 SyrupCast 94: Why the big three don’t want to keep things neutral November 4, 2016 SyrupCast 93: Can Microsoft out Apple by being Apple? October 28, 2016 SyrupCast 92: Goodbye Guy, Hello Elon’s driverless future October 21, 2016 VIEW ALL Buyers’ Guide Buyers' Guide Amazon opens Black Friday Store with discounts on thousands of items November 1, 2016 Father’s Day Gift Guide for the Fitness dad June 17, 2016 Father’s Day gift guide for the Entertainment Dad June 15, 2016 Father’s Day gift guide for the Gamer Dad June 14, 2016 VIEW ALL Editorials Editorials Net neutrality vs. differential pricing: CRTC hearing discusses mobile internet in Canada November 7, 2016 What it’s like to be a Canadian at Google’s Indie Games Festival October 5, 2016 What Shomi’s closure means for the Canadian streaming market September 27, 2016 Vancouver’s Roadhouse Interactive closes shop, over 100 developers out of work September 21, 2016 VIEW ALL App/Game of the Week App/Game of the Week Learn five new things every day with Curiosity [App of the Week] November 13, 2016 RunGunJumpGun is a Canadian-developed game about running and gunning [Game of the Week] November 12, 2016 Get your sleep cycle on track with Pillow [App of the Week] November 6, 2016 Do a backflip in Pumped BMX 3 [Game of the Week] November 5, 2016 VIEW ALL Resources How-to’s How-to's How to get the most out of Google Assistant November 1, 2016 How to get the most of out the iPhone 7 Plus’ Portrait Mode October 29, 2016 How to return your Samsung Galaxy Note 7 through Canadian carriers October 11, 2016 How to charge Google Play purchases to your cell phone bill October 5, 2016 VIEW ALL Coverage Map Outage Map About About Us Contact & Tips Advertise Contests Close iOS 10.2 beta adds 72 new emoji Samsung Galaxy S8 could feature 90 percent screen-to-body ratio Google is finally cracking down on apps that illegally boost their rankings in the Play Store Patrick O'Rourke November 1, 2016 9:59am Everyone has had this happen before. You launch the Play Store and navigate over to the top listings section, hoping to find an app actually worth downloading. Instead, you’re unfortunately greeted with a variety of apps you’ve never heard of and that when you actually download them, they don’t seem to work properly and instantly ask you for an in-app purchase unlock. Then you probably wonder to yourself, “why is this in the top listings anyways?” This is one of the dangers of the open nature of Android’s app store and its relatively lax — at least when compared to Apple’s iOS App Store — review policy. According to Google, however, this issue will quickly become a problem of the past thanks to new efforts to remove apps trying to game the system In a recent blog post, Google details that while it has always tried to maintain a high level of quality in the Play Store when it comes to app discoverability. It has noticed that some publishers are playing the App Store’s alogirthm system to increase their app’s ranking. Methods of boosting an app’s ranking include generating a significant number of installs via fraudulent methods and posting fake five star reviews reviews. Googel’s post reminds app developers and publishers that utilizing these methods in order to boost an app’s ranking is a violation of Google’s Developer Policy. To combat this, Google says it’s rolling out new back-end Play Store features that are able to detect when an app is being boosted in an unfair way, though doesn’t detail exactly how it’s going to know when app creators are being dishonest. “if an install is conducted with the intention to manipulate an app’s placement on Google Play, our systems will detect and filter it. Furthermore, developers who continue to exhibit such behaviors could have their apps taken down from Google Play,” reads a section from the blog post. It’s unclear how effective Google’s detection methods will be, though given the sometimes disparate state of the Play Store, it will almost certainly play a role in bringing more order to the company’s sometimes confusing app marketplace. SourceGoogle ViaAndroid Authority LeTricolore I’m not sure if I’d use the word “illegally” in the title, since I don’t think what’s going on has anything to do with law, but I’m glad Google is finally doing this. Mr_Smoosh Perhaps a happy side effect of the Pixel phone program, (as opposed to Nexus) will be Google cleaning up its ecosystem in order to compete on the whole user experience. fred “the open nature of Android’s app store” What open nature? Google still control what gets in just like Apple. Android is open, but not its play store. What makes Android open is that you can bypass the play store to install apps if you don’t like Google’s job. JD Oh no all those Blackberry apps! Pingback: techradar : Google is finally tackling spam apps in the Play Store() Get Updates Sign-up for MobileSyrup news sent straight to your inbox Categories News Reviews Features Resources Contests Contact About Us Advertise Jobs Social Twitter Pinterest Facebook RSS Google+ Instagram YouTube Search Get Updates © 2016 MobileSyrup.com. Privacy | Terms of Use
Tech Insider BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 This ex-Googler's startup is powered by 'emissaries' who provide insight into their former employers Avery Hartmans Nov. 1, 2016, 9:43 AM 2,394 facebook linkedin twitter email print David Hammer, founder and CEO of Emissary. Emissary David Hammer spent six years at Google, working under Sundar Pichai and Marissa Mayer and creating products like DoubleClick Bid Manager, a digital advertising tool.  But after a successful tenure at the company, Hammer decided to strike out on his own, launching his own company for salespeople and securing $12 million in funding from investors like The New York Times, GV, and Canaan Partners.  "You won't hear me say a negative thing about Google; it was a great place for me," Hammer told Business Insider. "I think ultimately, part of [the decision to leave] was the recognition that what I wanted to build was a little bit harder to build at Google. We really believe on some level that the way to build this best would be outside of any traditional large company." Hammer started working on Emissary, a platform that connects salespeople with experts — called emissaries — who worked at major corporations like Samsung and Coca Cola. Those emissaries provide insight about their previous employers, like company culture, the key decision-makers within the company, and how the company typically makes important buying decisions. Making the sales process less 'exhausting' Hammer said the idea for the company came to him while he was still working at Google, beginning with a central question: "What do we know that's in people's heads that sits outside of our organization? What do we not know?" Up until now, Hammer says, the only way to get that type of information was by building personal relationships over time and trolling through LinkedIn to get access to the right people.  But with Emissary, Hammer says the process is much more streamlined and much less "exhausting." The company has built a hand-selected marketplace of more than 5,000 people that the company vets through its proprietary technology. Then, those people are matched with salespeople at organizations like tech firms and media companies.  "Our mission is that we think every B2B salesperson should be matching with an emissary and every emissary should be matched with a B2B salesperson," Hammer said.  The company publicly launched Monday and announced a $10 million Series A, led by Canaan Partners and G20 Ventures. Emissary's total funding is now at $12 million after a $2 million seed round with participation from GV — Google parent company Alphabet's venture arm — and The New York Times. SEE ALSO: This startup is building a smart work assistant on Slack that could take on Salesforce NOW WATCH: A hacker reveals a simple way to come up with a strong password that's easy to remember Loading video... More: Emissary David Hammer Google Alphabet Sales Salesforce facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru This ex-Googler's startup is powered by 'emissaries' who provide insight into their former employers This ex-Googler's startup is powered by 'emissaries' who provide insight into their former employers David Hammer spent six years at Google, working... Recommended For You Featured As healthcare costs rise and patients demand better care, hospitals turn to new technologies More "Digital Industry Insider" » Brothers share what it was like quitting their corporate jobs to sell ties on the beach and cofound Vineyard Vines, a company worth nearly $1 billion More "Transformations" » Get Tech Insider Emails & Alerts Sign-Up Learn More » Tech Select Tech Chart Of The Day Business Insider Select 10 Things In Tech You Need To Know Mobile Insights BII Mobile Insights More Featured Business Insider Select Tech Select Tech Chart Of The Day Markets Chart Of The Day 10 Things Before the Opening Bell Instant MBA Business Insider Events BI Intelligence Daily Digital Industry Insider Finance Markets Select Your Money Select Smart Investor Finance Insider Strategy Strategy Select Advertising Select Retail Select Careers Select 10 Things You Need To Know In Advertising Politics Politics Select Military Select Life Life Select Education Select Entertainment Select Breaking News Tech Enterprise Select Science Select Mobile Chart Of The Day E-Commerce Chart Of The Day Payments Chart Of The Day Digital Media Chart Of The Day IoT Chart of the Day Fintech Briefing Charts of the Day Sports Chart Of The Day Top 10 Things 10 Things In Tech You Need To Know Closing Bell Sports Sports Research from BI Intelligence The Internet of Everything The Future of Financial Services Digital Media Ad Revenue: The path to $100 billion The Future of Retail Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2016 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR
more_vert androidAndroid App facebookFacebook gplusGoogle + twitterTwitter youtubeYouTube rssRSS Feed search close android facebook gplus twitter youtube rss whatshotNews starsReviews phone_androidPhones tabletTablets appsApps gamesGames network_cellCarriers forumForums attach_moneyDeals Download the App Our Team Tip Us Google tightening security on the Play Store to fight spam and fraud +4,992 Ashley King Nov 1st, 2016 Google has an uphill battle to fight against app spammers who seek to game Google’s rankings. They’ve announced several new enhancements employed to protect the Google Play Store from various types of fraud including fraudulent installs, fake reviews, and incentivized ratings. These practices are against the Google Play Developer Policy, so Google’s advanced steps against manipulation are warranted. The company says a new system can detect fraudulent installs to manipulate an app’s placement in rankings and these installs will be filtered. Google also mentions that developers that engage in these practices will have their apps removed from Google Play altogether. For the most part, Google’s systems are automated and it says developers who aren’t engaging in these fraudulent practices have nothing to worry about. However, if you are an app developer and you use a third-party marketing service to help bring more awareness to your apps, Google recommends you make sure they’re following the Google Play Developer Policy to a tee to avoid being affected by these new efforts to combat rank manipulation. local_offer    Google   Google Play Store   Auto-load comments: Off On View comments (1) stars Further Reading Google Play Music gets smart redesign Project ARA Q&A The Verizon Pixel XL is delayed again The Play Store sees another update Verizon launches BOGO deal stars Popular this Weeklaunch 1 more_vertThis may be the Moto X 2017 closeHere’s our first look at the 2017 Moto X The Moto X 2017 may be alive and well as a new image has appeared which shows off the device’s metal body and camera cutout. 2 more_vertExclusive: Project ARA specifications, design closeExclusive: Project ARA specifications, design and photos Today’s exclusive Google Project ARA post reveals the phone’s spec sheet and 40 images which show off the phone’s unique modular design. 3 more_vertZTE wants to step up and fill the Nexus gap closeZTE wants to fill the gap left behind with the end of Nexus devices With the end of the Nexus line, there’s now a void in stock Android devices in the $400 range. ZTE is hoping to step up and fill those boots and it wants to know why you prefer stock Android devices. 4 more_vertGoogle fixing Android's fragmentation issues? closeGoogle might have a master plan to solve Android’s fragmentation issues once and for all Android’s biggest problem has always been and always will be fragmentation, though it’s nothing you can really fault Google for. But it seems the company may have a plan to change all of that. 5 more_vertGoogle hates Quick Charge closeGoogle doesn’t want you to have Quick Charge on your next smartphone Future Android updates may require manufacturers to ditch proprietary USB Type-C rapid charging technology. 6 more_vert6.3-inch Galaxy S8 plus in the works closeSamsung Galaxy S8 ‘plus’ to feature 6.3-inch bezel-less display Samsung may be planning to introduce a 6.3-inch variant of the Galaxy S8 with a bezel-less edge display 7 more_vertPokemon Go is still hiding secrets, says CEO closePokemon Go has hidden secrets that no one has found yet Pokemon Go CEO John Hanke says there’s hidden secrets in Pokemon Go that no one has discovered yet. In fact, Hanke says “we’ll see how it plays out over the next few weeks.” What could that mean? 8 more_vertOnePlus3T rumored to have 8GB of RAM closeOnePlus 3T might be first phone to feature 8GB of RAM The OnePlus 3T could be the first Android phone to feature a whopping 8GB of RAM. For reference, OnePlus launched its OnePlus 3 smartphone earlier this year with 6GB of RAM and Google’s new Pixel devices feature 4GB of RAM. 9 more_vertSamsung's new Nougat UX shown off closeHere’s an early look at Samsung’s new UX for Nougat, and it actually looks kind of good As Samsung often does, they’re refreshing their user experience and interface for Android 7.0 Nougat, and we’ve gotten our first look at their new design today. 10 more_vertGoogle lists new live cases closeGoogle Earth and Google Trends live cases appear at the Google Store Look what we have here: new live cases have shown up at the Google Store! Google is preparing to sell two new cases that’ll offer some unique flair for your smartphone. Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Phandroid.com, 2007-2016

Breaking News Day at a glance Weather Horoscopes Ireland Business World Showbiz #Discover Sport Tech Jobs Property Login Trump presidency Children's Hospital Oscar Pistorius Public-sector pay Syria Google upsets Microsoft by revealing 'active' flaw in Windows PreviousNext 01/11/2016 - 13:08:21Back to Business Home Google has exposed a security flaw in Microsoft Windows, warning that it is already being “actively exploited” by hackers. The internet giant said in a post on its security blog that it informed Microsoft of the weakness in the kernel or core of the Windows operating system on October 21, but a fix is yet to be released. (Marcio Jose Sanchez/AP) The bug can be used to escape what are known as security sandboxes, which are designed to isolate malicious code. However, the declaration has angered Microsoft, which says Google could endanger Windows users by revealing the vulnerability before an update to fix the problem has been issued. “We believe in co-ordinated vulnerability disclosure, and today’s disclosure by Google could put customers at potential risk,” the Windows developer said in a statement. (John Stillwell/PA) “Windows is the only platform with a customer commitment to investigate reported security issues and proactively update impacted devices as soon as possible. “We recommend customers use Windows 10 and the Microsoft Edge browser for the best protection.” Google said the flaw is “particularly serious because we know it is being actively exploited” and, as part of its bug disclosure policy on active flaws, waits only seven days before going public with its findings, rather than the normal 60 days. Google said it did this to “protect users”. (Michel Euler/AP) Google also revealed it had discovered a bug in Adobe’s Flash software, although Adobe issued a fix for the problem on October 26. “We encourage users to verify that auto-updates have already updated Flash – and to manually update if not – and to apply Windows patches from Microsoft when they become available for the Windows vulnerability,” Google’s Threat Analysis Group said. KEYWORDS: Blog, Bug, cyber security, Flaw, Google, Hacking, Security, Windows 10   send us stuff PreviousNext Join the conversation - comment here House Rules for comments - FAQ - Important message for commenters Download our app Landmark Digital Ltd, Company Number 523737, Linn Dubh, Assumption Road, Blackpool, Cork. T23 RCH6 +353 21 4802214 desk@breakingnews.ie News Ireland World Business Tech Weather News Archives Showbiz News Lotto Horoscopes #Discover Main Topics Authors Competitions RSS Sport News Soccer GAA Rugby Other Sports Other Contact Us Send us Stuff Using the Site Licence Our Content Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Cookie Policy © BreakingNews.ie 2016. Subscribe To News Alerts Subscribe Menu Show/Hide Left Push Menu Home Ireland #Discover Showbiz Sport World Weather Business Tech Horoscopes Lotto Other Contact Us Using the Site Licence Our Content Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Cookie Policy
Dienstag, 15.11.2016 Börsentäglich über 12.000 News von 551 internationalen Medien Indizes Kurs % News 24 h / 7 T Aufrufe 7 Tage Aktien Kurs % News 24 h / 7 T Aufrufe 7 Tage Xetra-Orderbuch Devisen Kurs % Rohstoffe Kurs % Passende Knock-Outs zu Ihrer Suchanfrage (Anzeige) Erweiterte Suche Ad hoc-Mitteilungen Startseite Nachrichten Aktienkurse Fonds Anleihen Derivate Rohstoffe Devisen Watchlist Aufklappen Schliessen Nachrichten»Mobile and Tablet Internet Usage Exceeds Desktop for First Time Worldwide - StatCounter 01.11.2016 | 14:32 (8 Leser) Schrift ändern: (0 Bewertungen) Business Wire·Mehr Nachrichten von Business Wire Mobile and Tablet Internet Usage Exceeds Desktop for First Time Worldwide - StatCounter Increased traffic plus Google search rankings stress importance of mobile friendly websites Post-Brexit implications for UK business Internet usage by mobile and tablet devices exceeded desktop worldwide for the first time in October according to independent web analytics company StatCounter. Its research arm, StatCounter Global Stats finds that mobile and tablet devices accounted for 51.3% of internet usage worldwide in October compared to 48.7% by desktop. Chart: http://gs.statcounter.com/press/mobile-and-tablet-internet-usage-exceeds-desktop-for-first-time-worldwideg1 "This should be a wake up call especially for small businesses, sole traders and professionals to make sure that their websites are mobile friendly. Many older websites are not," commented Aodhan Cullen, CEO, StatCounter. "Mobile compatibility is increasingly important not just because of growing traffic but because Google favours mobile friendly websites for its mobile search results." He pointed out that Google recently launched a tool where businesses can test their website mobile performance. Despite the rapid growth of mobile devices, desktop is still the primary mode of internet usage in mature markets such as the US and UK. However, Cullen warned, "Post-Brexit, UK businesses should be aware, as they look to increase trade outside the EU, that India for example has over 75% internet usage through mobile devices." In the UK desktop is on 55.6% with mobile and tablet on 44.4%. In the US desktop still accounts for 58% of internet usage compared to 42% for mobile and tablet. Chart UK: http://gs.statcounter.com/press/mobile-and-tablet-internet-usage-exceeds-desktop-for-first-time-worldwideg2 Chart US: http://gs.statcounter.com/press/mobile-and-tablet-internet-usage-exceeds-desktop-for-first-time-worldwideg3 Other individual country stats available at: http://gs.statcounter.com/desktop+mobile+tablet-comparison-ww-monthly-201610-201610-bar StatCounter Global Stats data is based on over 15 billion page views per month to over 2.5 million websites. Further information: http://gs.statcounter.com/faq StatCounter's (http://statcounter.com) core business is to provide companies, agencies, bloggers, self-employed and charities with data to measure activity on their website, blog or forum. Key features include a free option, ease of use, independence and ability to view individual visitors in real time. Ends View source version on businesswire.com: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20161101006052/en/ Contacts: Simpson Consulting Ronnie Simpson, ronnie@simpsonconsulting.ie; Mobile: +353 86 855 9410 © 2016 Business Wire Sie erhalten auf FinanzNachrichten.de kostenlose Realtime-Aktienkurse von  und  mit der Push-Technologie von   Wie bewerten Sie die aktuell angezeigte Seite?sehr gut123456schlechtProblem melden Google+ Seite Nachrichten • Aktienkurse • DAX • Xetra-Orderbuch • Watchlist Ad hoc-Mitteilungen • Nachrichten Börsen • Aktien-Empfehlungen Branchen • Medien • Nachrichten-Archiv Impressum | AGB | Disclaimer • Presse • Mediadaten RSS-News von FinanzNachrichten.de kostenlos für Ihren Browser und Ihre Homepage
News London Crime London Mayor Politics Transport Food for London Business Comment Football Arsenal Chelsea Crystal Palace Tottenham Watford West Ham Other sport Going Out Restaurants Pubs & Bars Arts Theatre Film Music Great Days Out Events & Attractions Lifestyle Fashion ES Best Food & Drink Beauty Health & Fitness Travel Design ES Magazine Showbiz Staying In Strictly Come Dancing The X Factor Homes & Property Property News Area Guides Home & Garden Luxury ES Magazine Sign in Register Benefits User policies News Food for London London Crime Politics Transport Education Health Technology Mayor of London Comment Londoner's Diary Football Arsenal Chelsea Tottenham Hotspur Crystal Palace Watford West Ham Transfer News Premier League Championship Sport Rugby Union Tennis Cricket Showbiz Strictly Come Dancing The X Factor One Direction Taylor Swift Kim Kardashian Top Gear Going Out Theatre Awards Restaurants Bars, Pubs & Clubs Arts Theatre Film Music Comedy Events & Attractions Great Days Out Tickets Staying In TV and film Tech and Gaming Music Streaming Books Puzzles & Games Crosswords Competitions Lifestyle Fashion Food & Drink Beauty Health & Fitness Travel Design ES Magazine Dating Motors Shopping ES Best ES Shop Travel Offers Business & Money Money Transfers Business Directory Health insurance Homes & Property Property news Area guides Home & garden Luxury Follow us: We use cookies to enhance your visit to our site and to bring you advertisements that might interest you. Read our Privacy and Cookie Policies to find out more. News Technology Google reveals Microsoft Windows security flaw being 'actively exploited' by hackers Jamie Bullen Tuesday 1 November 2016 13:32 BST Breach: Google has warned hackers are exploiting a security flaw in Microsoft Windows Yui Mok/PA Wire Google has angered Microsoft by disclosing a security flaw in Windows which it warned is being “actively exploited" by hackers. The tech giant said in a post on its security blog that it informed Microsoft of the weakness in the kernel or core of the Windows operating system on October 21 but a fix is yet to be released. It said the flaw allows hackers to use a bug to escape what are known as security sandboxes, which are designed to isolate malicious code.  The move sparked an angry response from Microsoft, which says Google could endanger Windows customers by revealing the vulnerability before an update to fix the problem has been issued.  It said in a statement: “We believe in co-ordinated vulnerability disclosure, and today's disclosure by Google could put customers at potential risk. “Windows is the only platform with a customer commitment to investigate reported security issues and proactively update impacted devices as soon as possible. "We recommend customers use Windows 10 and the Microsoft Edge browser for the best protection." Google said it made the disclosure to “protect users” as it waited before going public. Read more Google gambles on superhero tech with Eyefluence takeover Google Pixel smartphone sees Londoners queue from 6am for iPhone rival How the Google Campus creche is revolutionising workplace childcare It added the flaw is "particularly serious because we know it is being actively exploited". Google also revealed it had discovered a bug in Adobe's Flash software, although Adobe issued a fix for the problem on October 26.  "We encourage users to verify that auto-updates have already updated Flash - and to manually update if not - and to apply Windows patches from Microsoft when they become available for the Windows vulnerability," Google's Threat Analysis Group said. Additional reporting by Press Association More about: Google Microsoft Windows Technology Reuse content Comments Most Popular Video Sponsored Features Follow us: All Topics All Authors Archive Terms of use Contact Us Privacy policy Cookie policy Code of Conduct & Complaints Advertisers Promotion rules Contributors Syndication Business Connections Homes & Property Jobs London Live The Independent This is London Magazine indy100 Install our apps Close We have noticed that you are using an ad blocker. Free access to Standard.co.uk’s comprehensive package of news, sport and entertainment relies on advertising revenue. This allows us to invest in the best writers, pictures and videos. To continue viewing the site please disable your ad blocker for Standard.co.uk. Need help to do this? Thank you for your support. How to disable your ad blocker for standard.co.uk Adblock / Adblock Plus Click the Adblock/Adblock Plus icon, which is to the right of your address bar. On Adblock click "Don't run on pages on this domain". On Adblock Plus click "Enabled on this site" to disable ad blocking for the current website you are on. If you are in Firefox click "disable on standard.co.uk". Firefox Tracking Protection If you are Private Browsing in Firefox, "Tracking Protection" may cause the adblock notice to show. It can be temporarily disabled by clicking the "shield" icon in the address bar. Ghostery Click the Ghostery icon. In versions before 6.0 click "whitelist site". In version 6.0 click "trust site" or add standard.co.uk to your Trusted Site list. In versions before 6.0 you will see the message "Site is whitelisted". Click "reload the page to see your changes". uBlock Click the uBlock icon. Then click the big power button to whitelist the current web site, and its state will be remembered next time you visit the web site. Then reload the page. Close Thank you for supporting standard.co.uk Continue to our site
Whoops! It looks like portions of our site are being blocked! Check your browser settings or contact your network administrator. The Consumerist Guide To Your 2016 Ballot Initiatives Share on Facebook Share on Twitter RSS Feed Tweet Share The Consumerist Guide To Your 2016 Ballot Initiatives Image courtesy of C x 2 November 1, 2016 8:30 am EST By Kate Cox@kcoxdc fifty nifty politics elections guides voting We’re almost there: at long last, after one of the frankly just-plain weirdest years of news most of us can remember, Election Day is finally drawing nigh nationwide. And while the candidates at the top of the ticket have definitely captured most of the metaphorical air in the national room, there’s far more than just that at stake this year for most voters. In addition to selecting candidates for dozens of federal, state, and local offices, voters have a wide array of state and local ballot initiatives to choose from this year. Many of those directly address major consumer issues of many kinds. So we’re helping you break those down, with a state-by-state guide. Right up top, let us mention: this guide is not fully comprehensive. Many states have state-level constitutional amendments or other state-level questions and initiatives not related to consumer issues on their ballots, which we do not include. This is not a full breakdown of every ballot, and county, municipal, or other local-level issues may appear on your ballot too. Likewise, Consumerist does not intervene in any political campaign, either on behalf of or in opposition to, any candidate for public office. We’re not talking about the people you could vote in or out. We strongly encourage you to use your state Board of Elections or Secretary of State website — or a site like Ballotpedia — to look up your full, local-level sample ballot before you vote. Wherever possible, we have linked directly to the official tools or instructions each state provides for doing that. If your state, county, or town resources are less-than-helpful in retrieving your sample ballot, you can also just straight-up try Google. Searching Google for [state name] sample ballot or even just 2016 sample ballot in the U.S. will bring up a retrieval box to let you find yours, like so: What Google retrieves may not be as comprehensive as official government-provided tools, but it’s better than nothing. So, with all that said, after casting a high-level eye over the U.S., what are we seeing? The hottest question this year is most definitely the topic of who can toke. Initiatives to decriminalize, regulate, tax, or legalize either medical or recreational marijuana use are popping up all over. State-wide initiatives related to marijuana appear on the ballot this year in nine states: Arizona, Arkansas, California, Florida, Maine, Massachusetts, Montana, Nevada, and North Dakota. Also a pressing issue for 2016? Minimum wage increases. Four states — Arizona, Colorado, Maine, and Washington — have ballot measures this year seeking to raise the minimum wage in the state to $12 or higher. Other consumer topics we’re seeing addressed at the state level this year include energy/utility regulation (Florida and Nevada), predatory lending (South Dakota), shopping bags (California), and animal (livestock) welfare (Massachusetts). Want to know what’s on tap in your home turf this year? We’ve had a look at all 50 states and D.C., so scroll on down. STATE BY STATE ALABAMA None of the state-level questions or referenda on the Alabama ballot pertain to consumer issues. Alabama residents can use the county-level links on the AL Secretary of State site to look up full local ballots for 2016. ALASKA None of the state-level questions on the Alaska ballot pertain to consumer issues. Alaska residents can view their sample ballot, sorted by House District, on the AK state government site. ARIZONA Arizona has two initiatives on the statewide ballot. Both are consumer-issues items. Proposition 205 proposes to legalize the recreational use and ownership of marijuana by adults ages 21 and over, and to create a regulatory body and a taxation scheme for marijuana sales and use. A YES vote supports enacting the law, which would permit sales beginning March 1, 2018. A NO vote does nothing and maintains the status quo. Proposition 206 proposes raising the minimum wage gradually to $12 by the year 2020 (starting on Jan. 1, 2017), and also guarantees all workers in the state a right to a certain amount of paid sick leave per year. A YES vote supports enacting the law. A NO vote does nothing and maintains the status quo. Arizona residents can view state voter information on the AZ Secretary of State site or search for [county name] Arizona sample ballot online for local information. ARKANSAS Arkansas has five questions on the statewide ballot. The consumer-issues items include: Issue 6 proposes to amend the state constitution to legalize medical use of marijuana for 17 specific health conditions, create a state commission, and set up a taxation scheme for it. A YES vote supports the amendment and makes it effective as of November 9 (with each provision having between 45 and 180 days to become effective thereafter). A NO vote does nothing and maintains the status quo. Issue 7 also proposes to legalize the medical use of marijuana, but without amending the state constitution. The statute that would be enacted by Issue 7 would legalize medical marijuana as a treatment for 56 health conditions, would make it regulated by the Department of Health, and would set up a different taxation scheme for it than Issue 6 would. A YES vote supports the law. A NO vote does nothing and maintains the status quo. [UPDATE: Since the draft of this article was completed, the Arkansas State Supreme Court has invalidated Amendment 7, ruling that it did not actually receive enough signatures to appear. Although it will still physically be on the ballot — since those are all already printed — any votes for or against it will not be tallied.] Arkansas residents can use this tool to look up their full local ballot for 2016. CALIFORNIA California has 18 questions on the statewide ballot. The consumer-issues items include: Proposition 64 seeks to legalize the use of recreational marijuana for adults ages 21 and over, and to establish a regulatory body, licensing criteria, and taxation scheme for cultivation and sales. A YES vote supports the law, most provisions of which would start on January 1, 2018. A NO vote changes nothing and maintains the status quo. Proposition 67 is a veto referendum determining whether an existing state law on the books, pertaining to mandatory fees for the use of plastic shopping bags, can go into effect. A YES vote keeps the law in place and supports enacting it. A NO vote supports overturning the law. California also has a second bag-related question on the ballot this year, Proposition 65, which proposes redirecting the revenue generated by bag taxes to a special fund. California residents receive sample ballots by mail, or can view most county-level sample ballots online. COLORADO Colorado has nine questions on the statewide ballot. The consumer-issues items include: Amendment 70 proposes to amend the state constitution in order to raise the minimum wage gradually to $12 by 2020. A YES vote adopts the amendment, to become effective within 30 days of the election. A NO vote rejects it, and maintains the status quo. Colorado residents can view state voter information on the CO state government site or search for [county name] Colorado sample ballot online for local information. CONNECTICUT There are no state-level consumer-issues questions or referenda on the Connecticut ballot. Connecticut residents can visit the CT Secretary of State site to view town-level full local ballots for 2016. DELAWARE There are no state-level consumer-issues questions or referenda on the Delaware ballot. Delaware residents can use this tool to look up their full local ballot for 2016. DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA (WASHINGTON, DC) None of the not-quite-a-state-level questions or referenda on the D.C. ballot pertain to consumer issues. District of Columbia residents can view sample ballots for all wards in this document (PDF). FLORIDA Florida has four proposed constitutional amendments on the statewide ballot. The consumer-issues items include: Amendment 1 pertains to the use and subsidization of solar energy. A YES vote supports adding language to the state constitution banning state or local laws that subsidize home solar energy use. A NO vote changes nothing and maintains the status quo. Consumers Union, the policy and mobilization arm of Consumerist’s parent company, Consumer Reports, opposes Amendment 1, arguing that it is funded by large utility companies, is misleading, and would create significant barriers to home solar adoption. Amendment 2 proposes expanding the state’s medical marijuana laws to explicitly allow doctors to prescribe marijuana as a treatment for patients suffering from a broader range of illnesses and conditions than currently. A YES vote supports adding the language to the state constitution. A NO vote changes nothing and supports the status quo. Florida residents can use the county-level links on the FL Secretary of State site to look up full local ballots for 2016. GEORGIA None of the state-level questions or referenda on the Georgia ballot pertain to consumer issues. Georgia residents can use this tool to look up their full local ballot for 2016. HAWAII None of the state-level questions or referenda on the Hawaii ballot pertain to consumer issues. Hawaii residents can use this tool to look up their full local ballot for 2016. IDAHO None of the state-level questions or referenda on the Idaho ballot pertain to consumer issues. Idaho residents can view state voter information on the ID Secretary of State website, or search for [county name] Idaho sample ballot online for local information. ILLINOIS None of the state-level questions or referenda on the Illinois ballot pertain to consumer issues. Illinois residents can view state voter information on the state’s Board of Elections website, or search for [county name] Illinois sample ballot online for local information. Voters registered in Chicago can also visit the city’s Board of Elections site. INDIANA None of the state-level questions or referenda on the Indiana ballot pertain to consumer issues. Indiana residents can use this tool to look up their full local ballot for 2016. IOWA There are no state-level consumer-issues questions or referenda on the Iowa ballot. Iowa residents can view state voter information on the IA Secretary of State website, or search for [county name] Iowa sample ballot online for local information. KANSAS None of the state-level questions or referenda on the Kansas ballot pertain to consumer issues. Kansas residents can view state voter information on the KS Secretary of State website, or search for [county name] Kansas sample ballot online for local information. KENTUCKY There are no state-level consumer-issues questions or referenda on the Kentucky ballot. Kentucky residents can use the KY Secretary of State site to look up full local ballots for 2016. LOUISIANA None of the state-level questions or referenda on the Louisiana ballot pertain to consumer issues. Louisiana residents can use these tools on the LA Secretary of State site to retrieve their full local ballot for 2016. MAINE Maine has six referendum questions on the statewide ballot. The consumer-issues items include: Question 1 proposes to legalize recreational marijuana use and ownership up to 2 1/2 oz for residents ages 21 and up, and would create a regulatory and taxation scheme under which recreational marijuana could be sold and used in the state. A YES vote supports enacting the proposed law 30 days after the election. A NO vote does nothing and maintains the status quo. Question 4 proposes to raise the state minimum wage gradually to $12 by 2020, including increases in the minimum wage for workers who receive tips, bringing tipped and non-tipped workers to wage parity eventually. A YES vote supports enacting the proposed law 30 days after the election. A NO vote does nothing and maintains the status quo. Maine residents can use this tool to look up their full local ballot for 2016. MARYLAND None of the state-level questions or referenda on the Maryland ballot pertain to consumer issues. Maryland residents can use this tool to look up their full local ballot for 2016. MASSACHUSETTS Massachusetts has four referendum questions on the statewide ballot. The consumer-issues items include: Question 3 proposes to prohibit raising certain farm livestock from being held or raised in tightly confined spaces. A YES vote approves of the measure and kicks it to the legislature. A NO vote does nothing and maintains the status quo. Question 4 proposes to legalize recreational use and ownership of marijuana in certain amounts (1 oz in public, 10 oz at home) and to create a commission to tax and regulate it similarly to state regulation of alcohol. A YES vote supports the proposal, which would, if enacted, take effect in December. A NO vote opposes it, and maintains the status quo. Massachusetts residents can use this tool to look up their full local ballot for 2016. MICHIGAN There are no state-level consumer-issues questions or referenda on the Michigan ballot. Michigan residents can use this tool to look up their full local ballot for 2016. MINNESOTA None of the state-level questions or referenda on the Minnesota ballot pertain to consumer issues. Minnesota residents can use this tool to look up their full local ballot for 2016. MISSISSIPPI There are no state-level consumer-issues questions or referenda on the Mississippi ballot. Mississippi residents can view their sample ballot for 2016 on the MS Secretary of State site. MISSOURI None of the state-level questions or referenda on the Missouri ballot directly pertain to consumer issues. Indirectly, however, the Missouri ballot has several measures on it related to sales and use taxes. Amendment 3, which seeks to increase the cigarette tax by $0.60, and Proposition A, which seeks to increase the cigarette tax by $0.23, are in direct conflict. The Missouri attorney general believes that, if both pass, the court will sort it out. Missouri residents can use this tool to look up their full local ballot for 2016. MONTANA Montana has four referendum questions on the statewide ballot. The consumer-issues items include: Initiative 182, the Montana Medical Marijuana Initiative, proposes to repeal the existing three-patient limit on medical marijuana providers in the state and would permit more physicians to prescribe marijuana to more patients. A YES vote refers the issue to the state legislature to take up and create law on. A NO vote does nothing and maintains the status quo. Montana residents can use this tool to look up their full local ballot for 2016. NEBRASKA None of the state-level questions or referenda on the Nebraska ballot pertain to consumer issues. Nebraska residents can retrieve their full 2016 sample ballots on the NE Secretary of State site. NEVADA Nevada has four referendum questions on the statewide ballot. The consumer-issues items include: Question 2 would legalize the recreational use of marijuana in the amount of one ounce or less, for adults ages 21 and over. A YES vote sends the proposal to the state legislature to consider making law. A NO vote does nothing and maintains the status quo. Question 3 would deregulate the Nevada electric utility market through an amendment to the state constitution. A YES vote approves of the measure and would force it to appear again on the 2018 ballot before becoming approved. A NO vote does nothing and maintains the status quo. Nevada residents can use this tool to look up their full local ballot for 2016. NEW HAMPSHIRE There are no state-level consumer-issues questions or referenda on the New Hampshire ballot. New Hampshire residents can use the NH Secretary of State site to look up their full local ballot for 2016 by town. NEW JERSEY None of the state-level questions or referenda on the New Jersey ballot pertain to consumer issues. New Jersey residents can view the full voters’ guide to their ballots on the NJ Secretary of State website, search for [county name] New Jersey sample ballot online for local information. NEW MEXICO None of the state-level questions or referenda on the New Mexico ballot pertain to consumer issues. New Mexico residents can use this tool to look up their full local ballot for 2016. NEW YORK There are no state-level consumer-issues questions or referenda on the New York ballot. New York residents can view state voter information on the state’s Board of Elections website, or search for [county name] New York sample ballot online for local information. Voters registered in the five boroughs of New York City can also visit the city’s Board of Elections site. NORTH CAROLINA There are no state-level consumer-issues questions or referenda on the North Carolina ballot. North Carolina residents can use the state board of elections site to look up their full local ballot for 2016; there are instructions here for the necessary steps. NORTH DAKOTA North Dakota has two constitutional measures and three initiated constitutional measures on the statewide ballot. The consumer-issues items include: Initiated Statutory Measure No. 5 would legalize strictly regulated medicinal use of marijuana. Qualified patients could purchase amounts up to 3 oz or, if living more than 40 miles from the nearest registered dispensary, grow small amounts legally at home. A YES vote approves the law; a NO vote rejects it and maintains the status quo. North Dakota residents can view state voting information on the ND Secretary of State site or search for [county name] North Dakota sample ballot online for local information. OHIO There are no state-level consumer-issues questions or referenda on the Ohio ballot. Ohio residents can use this tool to look up their full local ballot for 2016. OKLAHOMA Oklahoma has seven questions on the statewide ballot. The consumer-issues items include: State Question 779 proposes to amend the state Constitution in order to raise the state sales and use tax by 1% to fund education in a specific way. A YES vote approves of the proposal and adds the language; a NO vote maintains the status quo. State Question 792 proposes to repeal a section of the state Constitution pertaining to alcohol sales and to restructure alcohol sales laws so that beer and wine can be sold in grocery stories and to revamp alcohol licenses in the state. A YES vote approves of the proposal; a NO vote maintains the status quo. Oklahoma residents can use this tool to look up their full local ballot for 2016. OREGON None of the state-level questions or referenda on the Oregon ballot pertain to consumer issues, although at least four counties do have measures pertaining to marijuana sales and/or taxation on theirs. Oregon residents can view the full voters’ guide to their ballots on the OR Secretary of State website. PENNSYLVANIA None of the state-level questions or referenda on the Pennsylvania ballot pertain to consumer issues. Pennsylvania residents can view state voter information on the state’s voter resource center website, or search for [county name] Pennsylvania sample ballot online for local information. RHODE ISLAND None of the state-level questions or referenda on the Rhode Island ballot pertain to consumer issues. Rhode Island residents can use this tool to look up their full local ballot for 2016. SOUTH CAROLINA There are no state-level consumer-issues questions or referenda on the South Carolina ballot. South Carolina residents can use this tool to look up their full local ballot for 2016. SOUTH DAKOTA South Dakota has three statewide initiated measures and two referred laws on the statewide ballot. The consumer-issues items include: Initiated Measure 21 proposes to prohibit state-licensed payday, title, and other short-term loan lenders from imposing interest rates greater than 36%. A YES vote enacts the law and imposes penalties; a NO vote maintains the status quo. Additionally, proposed state Constitutional Amendment U also seeks to restrict the interest rates on all lending to 18% if no written agreement exists. Where a written agreement does exist, the amendment would not restrict the terms. A YES vote changes the language in the state constitution; a NO vote maintains the status quo. South Dakota residents can use this tool to look up their full local ballot for 2016. TENNESSEE There are no state-level consumer-issues questions or referenda on the Tennessee ballot. Tennessee residents can use this tool (also in app form) to look up their local ballot for 2016. TEXAS There are no state-level consumer-issues questions or referenda on the Texas ballot. Texas residents can visit the TX Secretary of State elections website to look up their ballot for 2016. UTAH There are no state-level consumer-issues questions or referenda on the Utah ballot. Utah residents can use this tool to look up their full local ballot for 2016. VERMONT There are no state-level consumer-issues questions or referenda on the Vermont ballot. Vermont residents can use this tool to look up their full local ballot for 2016. VIRGINIA None of the state-level questions on the Virginia ballot pertain to consumer issues. Virginia residents can use this tool to look up their full city or county ballot for 2016. WASHINGTON Washington has six statewide initiatives and two advisory votes on the statewide ballot. The consumer-issues items include: Initiative Measure No. 1433 proposes to increase the state minimum wage gradually to $13.50 by 2020. A YES vote enacts the law and increases minimum wage; a NO vote maintains the status quo. Initiative Measure No. 1501 proposes to increase the penalties for identity theft and consumer fraud targeted at seniors or vulnerable individuals. A YES vote enacts the law and increases the penalties; a NO vote maintains the status quo. Washington residents can look up their full local ballot information for 2016 on this site. WEST VIRGINIA There are no state-level consumer issues questions or referenda on the West Virginia ballot. West Virginia residents can visit the WV Secretary of State website to read more about their local ballot for 2016. WISCONSIN There are no state-level consumer issues questions or referenda on the West Virginia ballot. Wisconsin residents can use this tool to look up their full local ballot for 2016. WYOMING None of the state-level questions on the Wyoming ballot pertain to consumer issues. Wyoming residents can visit the WY Secretary of State website to read more about their ballot for 2016. Was this helpful? We’re a non-profit! You can get more stories like this in our twice weekly ad-free newsletter! Click here to sign up. November 1, 2016 By Kate Cox@kcoxdc fifty nifty politics elections guides voting Tell a friend: Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pocket (Opens in new window) Click to email (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Related how will everyone know i voted? Court Says Ballot Selfies Are Illegal In New York, At Least For This Election keep that boulder rolling Another Set Of Colorado Counties Vote To Toss Restrictive Law, Permit Municipal Broadband not today Ohio Voters Just Say No To Legalized Recreational Marijuana something for everyone Here’s Where Voters Can Score Election Day Freebies & Deals Delaying The Ban California’s Plastic Bag Ban Delayed, Must Now Face November 2016 Referendum Vote Previous Get Ready For Cashew Prices To Go Up Amid Spike In Popularity Next Meijer Ditches Plus-Size Department To Attract More Plus-Size Customers: Wait, What? Part of  Founded in 2005, Consumerist is an independent source of consumer news and information published by Consumer Media LLC, a not-for-profit subsidiary of Consumer Reports. Donate About Us Connect With Us No Commercial Use Policy Privacy Policy User Agreement Work With Us Want Consumerist in your inbox? We will not sell or rent your email Feed Google+ Twitter Facebook Next Up: Meijer Ditches Plus-Size Department To Attract More Plus-Size Customers: Wait, What? Return to Top Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
NCAA FB Top 25 CLOSE NFL NCAA FBTop 25 AAC ACC Big 12 Big Ten Conference USA Independents Mid-American Mountain West Pac-12 SEC Sun Belt Big Sky Big South CAA Ind-FCS Ivy MEAC Missouri Valley Northeast Ohio Valley Patriot League Pioneer Southern Southland SWAC NBA NCAA BKTop 25 AAC ACC American East Atlantic 10 Atlantic Sun Big 12 Big East Big Sky Big South Big Ten Big West CAA Conference USA Horizon Ivy MAAC MAC MEAC Missouri Valley Mountain West Northeast Ohio Valley Pac-12 Patriot League SEC Southern Southland Summit League Sun Belt SWAC WAC West Coast NHL NASCARSprint Cup GolfPGA SoccerFeatured SoccerEPL TennisMen's NCAA FB Scores ☰ FOXSPORTS HOME SPORTS NFL MLB NASCAR NCAA FB Soccer UFC Golf NBA NHL NCAA BK Motor Racing Tennis WWE Olympics Boxing Horse Racing Other Sports WATCH FANTASY MORE Search SEARCH Search VIEW FULL LIST » Sign In Profile & Email Settings Account Info & Linking Sign Out College Football MENU Home Top Headlines Home Scores Polls Standings Schedule Stats Teams Conferences Players Video BACK All Videos Game of the Week Heisman ® Hopefuls Recruiting Galleries Big Ten Network Gear Odds Predictions Fantasy News The Huddle MORE BACK ? FOXSPORTS P.J. Fleck proves he's more than energy and cliches in Western Michigan's 8-0 start He's known for his zany exploits. But Fleck has proven he's also a heck of a coach By Aaron Torres Nov 1, 2016 at 9:01a ET 0 Shares Do a quick Google search of Western Michigan football coach P.J. Fleck, and the same four or five themes seem to pop up in every search result. He once jumped into a frozen lake for charity. He’s walked on hot coals and broken glass to fire up his team. He’s full of clever catchphrases like “Row the Boat” and when asked how his day is going, he never responds by saying “I’m doing well,” but instead by saying “I’m doing elite.” Basically, if you judged Fleck based solely on Google, you’d think of him as no more than a never-ending stream of Red Bull-infused coaching clichés, some kind of Tony Robbins with a whistle around his neck. Yet in getting Western Michigan off to an 8-0 start -- one of only five undefeated teams left in college football entering Tuesday night’s game at Ball State -- he’s proven to be something else: a darn good coach. Not just a motivator or hype man, but the architect of one of college football’s most consistent mid-major programs over the last four years. “This team has been through a lot,” Fleck told FOXSports.com late last week. “Most of our leaders went through a 1-11 season [back in 2013]. So they’ve embraced their past to create their futures.” And in talking about Fleck and Western Michigan, that’s the most interesting part of the Broncos' journey. Not just their 8-0 record or No. 17 ranking in the AP Poll -- the highest in school history. But instead, how they got there. Western isn’t Boise State or Navy, a consistently good program for years, or even a Houston, which has had peaks and valleys but spit out a 13-win season in 2011 under Kevin Sumlin. Instead, it was just 2013 -- Fleck’s first year at the school -- that the Broncos bottomed out, and went 1-11. “Year one was just learn the culture,” Fleck said. “We couldn’t even build a foundation here; we had to break the foundation, and then dig, dig, dig the foundation. And when you’re 1-11 you dig down deep, a lot, and it’s deeper than you ever thought you’d have to dig. But we were going to do whatever we felt necessary in year one. We bottomed it out, where we could start completely over. And that’s what we did.” For Fleck that culture was doing everything from establishing Western’s recruiting base (“We recruit six hours from the school,” he said), to even more simplistic things, like how his players would act. Guys would be on time. They would go to class. They would be active in the community and respectful to others. It sounds simple, but for many players it wasn’t. Western had more than 40 guys leave the program following the first season, some 25 or so who graduated and over a dozen more who simply couldn’t cut it. While it didn’t quite produce a Bo Schembechler-esque “Those who stay will be champions” rallying cry, it did establish that those who did stay had bought in hook, line and sinker. “You’ve got one year to lay the groundwork for exactly how your program will run, and how everybody has to be accountable,” Fleck said. “You get one shot, truly, at building that.” And it was at that moment that the turnaround in Kalamazoo began and where the march toward 8-0 -- where Western joins Alabama, Michigan, Clemson and Washington as the only unbeaten FBS teams -- really did start. Despite the 1-11 record, Fleck signed the greatest recruiting class in the history of the MAC that winter, a group that included a slew of players with Big Ten offers. And the Broncos haven’t really slowed down since. In Fleck’s second season, Western matched the previous year’s win total (of one) within two weeks, and doubled it within three, on its way to an 8-5 record overall. Last year, the Broncos went 8-5 again, beating Middle Tennessee State in the Bahamas Bowl for their first postseason victory in school history. This year, it was about taking that bowl win and growing from there. Not just figuratively, but to use one of those clichés that Fleck has become Google-famous for, literally as well. “Bamboo, we used that as a symbol of this year,” Fleck said. “Bamboo takes three years to grow underground, you don’t see anything at the surface for four years. The first three years, bamboo is all root system, and we kind of used that as an example for our first three years, we’ve been building the root system. And then I said ‘in year four, it can grow anywhere from 90 to 100 feet and shoot up, and then it goes everywhere.’” He continued. “That was our theme back in January,” Fleck said. “We are the bamboo tree. This year four, we have to prepare you for this type of pressure, because it’s coming.” And when Fleck says “pressure” he means it. With the foundation well-established, a winning culture built and expectations high, this year has been about putting his team in pressure situations every day, taking a good team and making it potentially great. He gives an example from the preseason. “Our field goal kicker [freshman Butch Hampton] had never made a field goal when his team wasn’t down 35 points,” Fleck said. “One of the best [high school] kickers in the country, but his team wasn’t very good.” “So we get him out there and we make this bet with him,” Fleck said. “He has this nice, flowing, mullet, and I said ‘OK, put your mullet on the line with this one kick.” Fleck placed the ball down, and in front of the whole team, Hampton lined up and booted the ball from 50 yards out. The kick had the distance, but missed a foot to the left. “So now I’m going to shave this kid’s head,” Fleck said. “But, I wanted to put even more pressure on him.” Fleck gave Hampton another chance at a kick, but backed it up and this time, to quote Fleck, “made him put more skin in the game.” Not only was Hampton’s mullet on the line, but another player’s too. Hampton lined up and missed again. Fleck grabbed the clippers, and the two mullets fell lifelessly to the ground. But while that sounds bad -- two missed kicks under pressure in practice -- it isn’t. Hampton took the lesson and thrived under pressure, making three field goals in the team’s shocking 22-21 opening weekend win over Northwestern. That victory launched Western Michigan to its 8-0 start. Of course, with success comes other pressure, this time not just from within the program, but outside as well. With every win, Fleck’s name becomes more and more popular within coaching searches for vacant jobs at Power 5 schools. It’s just a part of the deal, and Fleck gets it. He also refuses to place his attention anywhere other than his team and its next opponent. “I put 100 percent of my energy into whatever I’m doing, right at the moment,” he said. “Western Michigan gets 100 percent of me every day, my players get 100 percent of me every day, my staff gets 100 percent of me every day, and the community here in Kalamazoo gets 100 percent of me, and that’s all I can control.” As for the mounting expectations, he and his team are ready to take those head-on as well. “In terms of the players' part, we make sure and not ignore what’s going on,” Fleck said. “We inform them on what’s going on, we celebrate on a Sunday for about a minute and a half as a football team, before we move on. We celebrate the ranking, we celebrate the win, but that’s it. We end it after that.” It’s safe to say there’s been plenty to celebrate this year in Kalamazoo. As it turns out, the Broncos aren’t all about walking on hot coals and well-worn clichés. They’re about winning as well. 5 view gallery gallery: Here's how 4 undefeated college football teams lost on Saturday Photo: Erich Schlegel 0 Shares Western Michigan Broncos Play FOX College Football Pick'em Game View Comments Hide Comments P.J. Fleck proves he's more than energy and cliches in Western Michigan's 8-0 start UP NEXT : P.J. Fleck proves he's more than energy and cliches in Western Michigan's 8-0 start UP NEXT : FOXSports.com > Contact Us | Press | Jobs | RSS | Site Map | Shop Follow FOX Sports > Facebook | Twitter | Instagram | YouTube | Tumblr Other FOX Sites > FS1 | FOX | FOX News | 21st Century Fox | FOX Supports | FOX Deportes Statistical Information provided by: STATS ©2016 Fox Sports Interactive Media, LLC. All rights reserved. Use of this website (including any and all parts and components) constitutes your acceptance of these New Terms of Use and New Privacy Policy. Advertising Choices | EULA
TechRadar The source for Tech Buying Advice Search RSS Reviews How To Phones TVs Laptops Deals Photography More Car Tech Wearables Tablets Components Audiovisual Gaming Computing Downloads News Pro Trending MacBook Pro Nintendo Switch Google Pixel iOS 10.1 PS4 Pro Early Black Friday Deals How To How to simplify your life with your smartphone How to simplify your life with your smartphone By David Nield How To  Make more of your time Shares The facts may show there are still 24 hours in every day, but for many of us those days are feeling more compressed and hectic than ever, which is why anything that frees up even a little bit of time can feel so valuable. Enter your trusty smartphone - the pocket companion that manages your life and connects you to the web. It can also be used for some time-saving, life-simplifying hacks, if you know the right tools to use... Scheduling apps You should already have Apple Calendar or Google Calendar on your phone and these default tools know more time-saving tricks than you might think - add locations to your events, for example, and Google Calendar alerts you when it's time to set off for them, taking into account current traffic conditions. Outside of the big two, the likes of Fantastical for iPhone and Today Calendar for Android help you stay on top of your schedule with features such as smart reminders and options to add events with natural language ("pick up the kids at seven"). There are a number of other calendar alternatives around, including Microsoft's Outlook for iOS and Android, so there's no excuse for having a disorganised diary on your mobile. To do list apps You've no doubt got a million and one things to do, so how do you make sure everything gets ticked off in good time? With a clever to do list app, that's how, and fortunately there are plenty to pick from as well as the default options that come with your phone (look for Reminders on iOS or Google Keep on Android). Wunderlist for iOS and Android features some powerful options wrapped in an appealing interface, while Clear is one of the top picks on iOS because of the intuitive way it prioritises what you need to get done next. Any.Do is another app well worth checking out for iOS and Android - you can manage your tasks by time, sync them across all of your devices, and split them up into multiple (shared or private) lists. Quick food and quick recipes Food is something you can't cut out of your schedule - assuming you want to stay fit and healthy - but there are ways to make mealtimes simpler and more efficient. Apps like Just Eat can make takeaways much more straightforward and you can get fresh food straight to your door with just a few taps (and no washing up either). Some outlets, including Domino's, have apps of their own you can use. If you're cooking something up at home then your phone can help here too - take BigOven, for example, which has hundreds of thousands of recipes to choose from and can sort them based on the time you can spare or the ingredients you've got handy. Meanwhile the rather brilliant Tender for iOS lets you find perfect recipes by swiping, just like the more well-known Tinder lets you find dates. Automating tasks Get the IFTTT (If This Then That) app installed on your iPhone or Android handset and you can create all kinds of automated tasks to increase your productivity and make life simpler - everything from posting pictures to Instagram and Facebook at the same time to setting an alarm alert if it's going to be snowy tomorrow (and you need to leave for work earlier). IFTTT can set up price alerts for your online shopping, help you stick to a dedicated sleep schedule more easily, move important emails into other apps without you having to do it manually, and plenty more besides. For something even more comprehensive (and slightly more difficult to master) on your phone, try Workflow for iOS or Tasker for Android. Apps to stay organised Get the right organisation app on your phone and you can dump anything and everything into it - from shopping lists to notes for your next novel to the combination code for your bike lock. It beats having dozens of Post-it notes strewn around the house. If you're after one such app then Evernote is perhaps the most complete and well-known of the bunch. You can dump photos, text, audio files and pretty much anything you like into Evernote on your phone and then access all that material from any of your devices or through a web browser. If Evernote doesn't quite feel right for your needs then Microsoft OneNote is one of the most impressive alternatives: again, the beauty of the app is its lack of structure and the way you can configure it to suit your own needs. Read-it-later apps There certainly aren't enough hours in the day to read everything that appears on the web, but what you can do is use your phone to stay on top of your reading list when you get five minutes spare. Instapaper for iOS and Android lets you save articles to read later and converts them into an attractive, ad-free, easy-on-the-eyes format too. Pocket for iOS and Android is similar to Instapaper but can handle more types of link (including videos) and doesn't change around the web page layout as much. Both apps let you sync articles between devices so you can catch up wherever you happen to be and whatever device you happen to be using. The newer Stash for iOS and Android is worth a mention too - it uses artificial intelligence to automatically categorise your saved articles for you. Hopefully by installing even just a few of the apps listed above you should find yourself with more time and a simplified lifestyle. Don't forget to thank your smartphone. This article was brought to you in association with Tesco Mobile Related articles A guide to Minecraft: Education Edition Pokemon Go updates: everything you need to know about what's coming next HoloLens for tanks will augment the reality of war Huawei Fit leaks with e-ink screen and heart rate smarts See more how-to articles Load Comments Tech deals, prizes and latest news Get the best tech deals, reviews, product advice, competitions, unmissable tech news and more! No spam, we promise. You can unsubscribe at any time and we'll never share your details without your permission. Most Popular Most Shared 1 15 best laptops you can buy in 2016 2 PS4 vs Xbox One: which is better? 3 iOS 10 problems: Here's how to fix the most common issues 4 Best phone 2016: the 10 top smartphones we've tested 5 10 best Bluetooth speakers available today 1 Spotify could be filling your computer's storage up with junk 2 MIT let an AI loose on the web - what could possibly go wrong? 3 Watch out for the iPhone’s 911 bug 4 Think iPhones are too expensive? Apple starts selling them for 15% off 5 Best smartwatches that may be worth picking up on Black Friday TechRadar is part of Future plc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. Visit our corporate site. Terms and conditions Privacy policy Cookies policy Advertise with us © Future Publishing Limited Quay House, The Ambury, Bath BA1 1UA. All rights reserved. England and Wales company registration number 2008885.
Tech Insider BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 Google says it's 'so sorry' for late delivery of its new Pixel smartphones Hannah Roberts Nov. 1, 2016, 8:39 AM 3,217 facebook linkedin twitter email print Customers who ordered Google's new Pixel smartphone from the Google store may have to wait longer than they thought to get it.Google Google Pixel customers who ordered directly from the Google store will have to wait longer than they expected to get their hands on it. The company is giving affected customers $50 (£41) to spend on the Google Play Store. Delays could be extended into December, according to posts from affected customers on an Android Central forum. Google began taking orders on October 4.  Business Insider has reached out to the company to find out how many customers have been affected. In an email to those affected, Google wrote: "it’s going to take a little longer for you to receive your package than we expected ... we're so sorry."  In a statement, Google said "frankly pre-order demand has exceeded our expectations. We’re working to restock our inventory as soon as possible," but a spokesperson blamed the delivery delays on "a shipment glitch that has since been resolved," TechCrunch reported.  The Pixel XL is currently listed as out of stock on the Google store in all three colours, while the Pixel only has the "quite black" version in stock. Carphone Warehouse, the only UK retailer selling the Pixel, has both models available apart from "really blue" which is not an option at all on the site. Disclosure: This author used to be an employee at Google and currently owns Alphabet stock. NOW WATCH: Scientists have discovered why American honey bees are turning into zombies Loading video... More: Google Pixel Google facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru Google says it's 'so sorry' for late delivery of its new Pixel smartphones Google says it's 'so sorry' for late delivery of its new Pixel smartphones Google Pixel customers who ordered directly... Recommended For You Featured As healthcare costs rise and patients demand better care, hospitals turn to new technologies More "Digital Industry Insider" » Brothers share what it was like quitting their corporate jobs to sell ties on the beach and cofound Vineyard Vines, a company worth nearly $1 billion More "Transformations" » Get Tech Insider Emails & Alerts Sign-Up Learn More » Tech Select Tech Chart Of The Day Business Insider Select 10 Things In Tech You Need To Know Mobile Insights BII Mobile Insights More Featured Business Insider Select Tech Select Tech Chart Of The Day Markets Chart Of The Day 10 Things Before the Opening Bell Instant MBA Business Insider Events BI Intelligence Daily Digital Industry Insider Finance Markets Select Your Money Select Smart Investor Finance Insider Strategy Strategy Select Advertising Select Retail Select Careers Select 10 Things You Need To Know In Advertising Politics Politics Select Military Select Life Life Select Education Select Entertainment Select Breaking News Tech Enterprise Select Science Select Mobile Chart Of The Day E-Commerce Chart Of The Day Payments Chart Of The Day Digital Media Chart Of The Day IoT Chart of the Day Fintech Briefing Charts of the Day Sports Chart Of The Day Top 10 Things 10 Things In Tech You Need To Know Closing Bell Sports Sports Research from BI Intelligence The Internet of Everything The Future of Financial Services Digital Media Ad Revenue: The path to $100 billion The Future of Retail Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2016 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR
Toggle navigation Toggle search All your technology ... Menu Skip to content Home News About Us Contact US Privacy Search: All your technology news in one place! News from Apple, Google, Microsoft and more! Google Pixel XL Owner Highlights Manufacturing Defect – Android Headlines Posted on November 1, 2016 by Android Headlines Google’s Pixel smartphones are the company’s hottest Android-powered devices on the market right now, especially since they are the only premium phones offered by Google in 2016 after retiring the Nexus series. Both the Pixel and Pixel XL give plenty … DEAL: Verizon Promo Code Knocks 20% Off Phones, Brings 32GB Pixel XL to $615Droid Life (press release) (blog) Googler Ian Lake comments on why fingerprint swipe gestures aren’t supported on last year’s NexusesAndroid Police Google Pixel Rooted By Chainfire: Will It Be Available To The Public Soon?Tech Times Phandroid.com -TmoNews -CNET -Patently Apple all 188 news articles …read more wrote 21353 posts Post navigation ← Older Newer → All your technology news in one place! News from Apple, Google, Microsoft and more! Archives Archives Select Month November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 July 2014 June 2014 Recent News MacBook Pro Reviews fly in while Apostle Schiller continues to Warns us of the Evils of a Touch Display on Macs – Patently Apple Here’s what Snapchat Spectacles video looks like – CNET FriendFinder Investigates Report of Breached Accounts – Wall Street Journal As AMD mulls GPU for 32-core Zen chip, it develops software tools – PCWorld New MacBook Pro With Touch Bar Reviews Are Mixed – AppAdvice Subscribe to our Newsletter Email * © 2016 All your technology news in one place! - Powered by WordPress - Melany theme by deshack
Search Engine Roundtable     Home Browse by Categories Browse By Dates Search » Turn Off Mobile Site [X] Close Home > Google News > Google Maps > Google Maps Tests See Web Results Link In Local Results Google Maps Tests See Web Results Link In Local Results Nov 1, 2016 • 7:44 am | (0) by Barry Schwartz | Filed Under Google Maps Prev Story Next Story Our maps sleuth spotted yet another test with Google Maps, Sergey Alakov posted on Twitter Google testing a "see web results" button in the Google Maps local results section. If you click on that button, you are taken to the web results and out of the local results. Sergey wrote, "Google is testing hidden web results in local finder? After clicking "See Web Results" user is sent to SERP." Personally, I cannot replicate this but I do believe at some point in the Google local results history, Google did have a button to go check out the web results. Here is a screen shot you can click on to enlarge: Forum discussion at Twitter. Prev Story Next story Tweet This Previous story: Daily Search Forum Recap: October 31, 2016   Comments: No comments. blog comments powered by Disqus The pulse of the search community Subscribe Subscribe options ADVERTISERS Search buzz Video 11/11/2016 08:39 am Subscribe More videos Video Details Browse by: Browse by Date Find by Category Discover by Author Scan Most Recent See Comments View Tag Cloud SEM FORUM THREADS WebmasterWorld Forums Best Practices for Indexable Progressive Web Apps (PWAs) Facebook Messenger 1.3 Now Allows Sponsored Messages Digital Point Forums Quick logo contest @$10 (example included) best craigslist clone script for high traffic? bad experiences so far Sponsored links Best SEO Company Link Penalty Recovery £200 includes locating & contacting Submit a Thread Forum Search Awards About Us Seals Advertise Contact Full Site The content at the Search Engine Roundtable are the sole opinion of the authors and in no way reflect views of RustyBrick ®, Inc Copyright © 1994-2016 RustyBrick ®, Inc. Web Development All Rights Reserved. This work by Search Engine Roundtable is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 United States License. Creative Commons License
Search Engine Roundtable     Home Browse by Categories Browse By Dates Search » Turn Off Mobile Site [X] Close Home > Google News > Google Maps > Google Maps Issue Didn't Show Store Hours For Some Businesses Google Maps Issue Didn't Show Store Hours For Some Businesses Nov 1, 2016 • 7:59 am | (0) by Barry Schwartz | Filed Under Google Maps Prev Story Next Story A Google My Business Help thread has a business complaining that their store hours are not coming up in the Google local listing profile. Later on, Google said they fixed the issue. Supposedly, some business categories did not show business hours, so Google decided to change it to show it for this business category. Helmut Geissler, a Google top contributor wrote in the thread: There are some issues for certain kind of business categories regarding the displayed opening hours and google is aware it and working but on normalizing the kind of dealing with hours. Later on, Google's Marissa Nordahl explained: Basically the issue is that the hours are displaying at all - since your category is Import Export Company, we don't display store hours on Maps or Search. It looks like you were able to see the hours on Maps and that is incorrect. We are currently working to normalize this and you shouldn't see store hours for your location on either Maps nor Search soon. Interesting, don't you think? Forum discussion at Google My Business Help. Prev Story Next story Tweet This Previous story: Bing Sends Out Survey About Google Search Console?   Comments: No comments. blog comments powered by Disqus The pulse of the search community Subscribe Subscribe options ADVERTISERS Search buzz Video 11/11/2016 08:39 am Subscribe More videos Video Details Browse by: Browse by Date Find by Category Discover by Author Scan Most Recent See Comments View Tag Cloud SEM FORUM THREADS WebmasterWorld Forums New Form of AdSense Abuse and Spam Attack Best Practices for Indexable Progressive Web Apps (PWAs) Digital Point Forums How can I tell how much time I have left to become established? Best ad networks to AdSense to raise calories per click to $ 50 Sponsored links Best SEO Company Link Penalty Recovery £200 includes locating & contacting Submit a Thread Forum Search Awards About Us Seals Advertise Contact Full Site The content at the Search Engine Roundtable are the sole opinion of the authors and in no way reflect views of RustyBrick ®, Inc Copyright © 1994-2016 RustyBrick ®, Inc. Web Development All Rights Reserved. This work by Search Engine Roundtable is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 United States License. Creative Commons License
Search Engine Roundtable     Home Browse by Categories Browse By Dates Search » Turn Off Mobile Site [X] Close Home > Google News > Google SEO > Google: Add Two Verification Methods As A Failsafe Google: Add Two Verification Methods As A Failsafe Nov 1, 2016 • 8:06 am | (3) by Barry Schwartz | Filed Under Google Search Engine Optimization Prev Story Next Story A Google Webmaster Help thread has Google's John Mueller recommending to one webmaster that it might be a good idea to verify your web site within Google Search Console more than just one way. Most people use the file upload method, but if Google cannot access the file when they randomly check to see if they should verify the site - then the verification status can be lost. I should add, this is rare but does happen. So John Mueller recommended to use two or more methods to verify your site with Google Search Console. Google offers several verification methods including: HTML file upload Domain name provider HTML tag Google Analytics tracking code Google Tag Manager container snippet Google Sites Blogger John Mueller wrote: One thing you can also do is verify using multiple methods at the same time (eg, file & DNS). This would make the verification status more fail-safe, since both of those methods would need to break for the status to fall. Not a bad idea, don't you think? Forum discussion at Google Webmaster Help. Prev Story Next story Tweet This Previous story: Google Maps Issue Didn't Show Store Hours For Some Businesses   Comments: Wouter Blom - www.Stramark.nl 11/01/2016 02:41 pm I never have experience a non verified Search Console. And if it happens it is not that big of a problem. I generaly use "Google Analytics" as a verification methode Randy Milanovic 11/01/2016 03:36 pm Always Tag and Analytics. Wiki 11/02/2016 06:18 pm It is good idea to verify with multiple options. Today after reading this i verified my website with 3 different methods. Thanks for sharing it. blog comments powered by Disqus The pulse of the search community Subscribe Subscribe options ADVERTISERS Search buzz Video 11/11/2016 08:39 am Subscribe More videos Video Details Browse by: Browse by Date Find by Category Discover by Author Scan Most Recent See Comments View Tag Cloud SEM FORUM THREADS WebmasterWorld Forums New Form of AdSense Abuse and Spam Attack Best Practices for Indexable Progressive Web Apps (PWAs) Digital Point Forums How can I tell how much time I have left to become established? Best ad networks to AdSense to raise calories per click to $ 50 Sponsored links Best SEO Company Link Penalty Recovery £200 includes locating & contacting Submit a Thread Forum Search Awards About Us Seals Advertise Contact Full Site The content at the Search Engine Roundtable are the sole opinion of the authors and in no way reflect views of RustyBrick ®, Inc Copyright © 1994-2016 RustyBrick ®, Inc. Web Development All Rights Reserved. This work by Search Engine Roundtable is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 United States License. Creative Commons License
Search Engine Roundtable     Home Browse by Categories Browse By Dates Search » Turn Off Mobile Site [X] Close Home > Google News > Google Maps > Google Local Pack: Three Red Pins & One Blue Pin Google Local Pack: Three Red Pins & One Blue Pin Nov 1, 2016 • 8:14 am | (2) by Barry Schwartz | Filed Under Google Maps Prev Story Next Story We've seen the blue pins in the Google Maps results before but now Google is able to display three red pins showing off the local pack results and one additional blue pin, when relevant. Another one from Sergey Alakov via Twitter where he said " here is an interesting one. the relevant blue pin is displayed even when business is not in the 3pack." Here is his tweet and image: @mblumenthal @jenstar @rustybrick here is an interesting one. the relevant blue pin is displayed even when business is not in the 3pack pic.twitter.com/dE9uLR4Z5E— Sergey Alakov (@sergey_alakov) October 31, 2016 Here is the one I was able to replicate, not, right behind the blue pin, you should be able to make out a red pin for the other local pack listing: Mike Blumenthal said he "saw this the other day," as well. Forum discussion at Twitter. Prev Story Next story Tweet This Previous story: Google: Add Two Verification Methods As A Failsafe   Comments: Arpan Basu 11/01/2016 12:58 pm it's means red pin for my previous address and blue was current location O Rly 11/01/2016 11:17 pm Add more colors to confuse the user as to which are paid listings and organic. It is bad enough that the paid purple pins take precedent over their organic counterparts, which basically guarantees all map traffic will end up being paid rather than organic. blog comments powered by Disqus The pulse of the search community Subscribe Subscribe options ADVERTISERS Search buzz Video 11/11/2016 08:39 am Subscribe More videos Video Details Browse by: Browse by Date Find by Category Discover by Author Scan Most Recent See Comments View Tag Cloud SEM FORUM THREADS WebmasterWorld Forums Best Practices for Indexable Progressive Web Apps (PWAs) Facebook Messenger 1.3 Now Allows Sponsored Messages Digital Point Forums Part time job Options Questions about Movies niche Sponsored links Best SEO Company Link Penalty Recovery £200 includes locating & contacting Submit a Thread Forum Search Awards About Us Seals Advertise Contact Full Site The content at the Search Engine Roundtable are the sole opinion of the authors and in no way reflect views of RustyBrick ®, Inc Copyright © 1994-2016 RustyBrick ®, Inc. Web Development All Rights Reserved. This work by Search Engine Roundtable is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 United States License. Creative Commons License
Engadget Login Home Gear Gaming Culture Entertainment Science Video Reviews Public Access Buyer's Guide Log in Sign up Show More Results Engadget 3 related articles Login Samsung Pay rewards program encourages you to shop Moto Z Play review: Buy it for the battery life Chinese media: Trump's trade war will hurt Apple and Boeing Latest in Gear New York City's free gigabit WiFi comes to Brooklyn 47m ago View Airliner's near miss with drone injures two crew members 2h ago View Samsung Pay rewards program encourages you to shop 3h ago View Sony Pictures will stream live VR with Nokia's Ozo camera 3h ago View Image credit: save Save share The first Google Tango phone launches with over 35 new apps Google goes all in with its depth-sensing tech. Nicole Lee , @nicole 11.01.16 in Mobile Comments 1186 Shares Share Tweet Share Save It's been years in the making but Tango, Google's depth-sensing technology, is ready to make its consumer debut. That's because today is when the first Tango phone, the Lenovo Phab2 Pro, goes on sale for $499. To accompany the Phab2 Pro's launch, Google is announcing more than 35 new Tango apps, all of which will be available in the Play Store today. I had a chance to play around with several of them, as well as speak with a few app developers and delve further into the future of Tango. And that includes Tango's relationship with Daydream, another well-known Google project. Tango started life as a project within Google's Advanced Technologies and Projects division, or ATAP. The idea was to integrate an array of sensors and cameras into a mobile device so that it could figure out its position relative to its surroundings. We've already seen how Tango's 3D-mapping can be used to give directions in a museum, assist in home improvement projects and create cartoon worlds, but there are a few new use cases that caught my eye. One of them is Crayola Color Blaster, which is described as a "zombie color-blasting game." Created by Legacy Games, the object here is to deal with incoming zombies by pelting them with paint. The zombies appear in an augmented-reality view on the display, so it looks as if they're in your actual living room. It's a very active game -- indeed, I found myself wandering around from one area of the room to the other just to get enough distance between me and the color-hungry undead. Even more so than Pokemon Go, this felt like a real augmented-reality game. Arielle Lehrer, CEO of Legacy Games, said the game was conceived as just a coloring book in real space until they figured out there was so much more you could do with the technology. "We started to think about the magic window idea of Tango," said Andrew Duncan, the game's lead designer. "Anywhere you look, you change the environment. It really plays in any space." Next, I played with Sockethead Games' Slingshot Island, which is pretty much as the name describes. Again using augmented reality, you place a virtual island in your physical space, be it your dining table or kitchen floor. From there, you'll use a slingshot to lob projectiles at it in order to solve puzzles, like knocking an egg off a structure. The interesting thing here is that your entire phone is the motion controller. That means as soon as you aim your target, you move the handset around to establish the shot -- as if your entire phone is the slingshot itself. I also demoed a couple of titles that didn't use augmented reality. One was Hot Wheels Track Builder, in which I could race toy cars down tracks of my own creation. I picked pieces up and dropped them in place by moving the phone. It's once again using the idea of the phone as the controller. Another was Ghostly Mansion, where I collected clues in a virtual room by walking around a physical space. I could lean down to open a drawer or lift the phone up to grab a picture on the wall. Of course, Tango has uses besides gaming. You can use an app called Measure to measure anything in your home, which is useful for home decorating. Apps like Wayfair View or iStaging are great for visualizing the placement of your furniture. There are educational applications too, like Solar Simulator for exploring the planets in the solar system. A few years after its debut, Tango graduated to become its own project division in 2015. Now, it's organized under Daydream, Google's VR initiative. It doesn't take much imagination to see how useful depth-sensing and 3D-mapping would be in virtual reality. Indeed, the combination of the two technologies could perhaps lead to a standalone headset in the future. "A lot of the work we're doing will enable inside-out tracking in VR," said Johnny Lee, Tango's director of engineering. "There's no product that we can talk about. But as Tango matures, as Daydream matures, there's an obvious crossroads that we're excited about." But before integrating that tech into VR, Google thought it was important to buildTango into phones first. "There are still a lot of phones being manufactured today," said Lee. "We feel like this form factor is one that we'll have with us for quite awhile." One of the reasons Randall Eike, CTO of Sockethead Games, was drawn to Tango is he felt that smartphones are a lot more accessible than VR headsets. "A VR headset isn't something you whip out of your pocket at a Starbucks," he said, whereas everyone has a smartphone. "There's a chance [Tango] will be more ubiquitous than VR." Lee shares the sentiment. He thinks of Tango in the same way as GPS; we were able to get through our lives before it came along, but now we can't imagine our phones without it. The spatial reasoning and depth sensing allowed by Tango, he said, will be just as important. "I believe there is a whole new suite of experiences that are possible. The way we interact with our computers will change." Plus, he said, the rise of Pokemon Go shows that the public is a lot more accepting of augmented-reality apps than it used to be, which is good news for Tango. Google is so bullish on Tango that it has already built up a pipeline of partners. In other words, look forward to more Tango-enabled phones next year. According to the company, these devices will be offered with a range of designs, form factors and price points. So if you're wary of the giant 6.4-inch screen on the Phab2 Pro, maybe wait a few months for a more compact alternative. "This is not just a research product. It's a product in the market today," said Nikhil Chandhok, Tango's product director. "Should every phone have GPS? Yes. Should every phone have a camera? Yes. Should every phone have inside-out tracking? Yes," Chandhok continued. "Every phone should have it." In this article: av, gaming, gear, google, interview, lenovo, lenovphab2pro, mobile, phab2pro, ProjectTango, tango By Nicole Lee @nicole Raised in the tropics of Malaysia, Nicole Lee arrived in the United States in search of love, happiness, and ubiquitous broadband. That last one is still a dream, but two out of three isn't bad. Her love for words and technology reached a fever pitch in San Francisco, where she learned you could make a living writing about gadgets, video games, and the Internet. Truly, a dream come true. Other interests include baseball, coffee, cooking, and chasing after her precocious little cat. 1186 Shares Share Tweet Share Save Comments Sign In 8m 8m ago in Art Dissecting the alien language in 'Arrival' Or, how filmmakers coded (and decoded) those mysterious circles. By T. Seppala,  8m ago save Save share View 47m 47m ago in Internet New York City's free gigabit WiFi comes to Brooklyn It's only in Bed-Stuy for now, but it's a start. By J. Fingas,  47m ago save Save share View 1h 1h ago in AV National Geographic's 'Mars' is like a SpaceX infomercial But it's also a semi-realistic look at how we could reach the red planet. By D. Hardawar,  1h ago save Save share View 1h 1h ago in Transportation Google's self-driving cars master tricky three-point turns And it only took several thousand tries per week. By A. Dalton,  1h ago save Save share View 2h 2h ago in Robots Airliner's near miss with drone injures two crew members The Canadian flight had to take evasive maneuvers. By J. Fingas,  2h ago save Save share View More Stories From around the web About About Engadget About Our Ads Advertise Brand Kit Contact Us RSS Feed Sections Reviews Gear Culture Entertainment Gaming Science Public Access Video Podcasts Deals Contribute Public Access Send us a tip! Support International Español 繁體中文 简体中文 日本版 Deutschland UK Apps Android iPhone iPad Join Our Newsletter Subscribe Follow Us © 2016 AOL Inc. All rights reserved. Reprints and Permissions Privacy Policy Terms of Use Trademarks Advertise ear icon eye icon text file
clock menu more-arrow Log In or Sign Up Log In Sign Up Tech Science Culture Cars Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker TL;DR Forums more Tech Apple Google Microsoft Apps Photography Virtual Reality All Tech Science Space Energy Health Environment All Science Culture Web TV Film Games Comics Music All Culture Cars Ride-Sharing Cars Mass Transit Aviation Rideables All Transportation Reviews Phones Laptops Cameras Tablets Headphones Smartwatches VR Headsets This is my Next All Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker TL;DR Forums ✕ Circuit Breaker Google Apps The first Google Tango phone delivers true augmented reality gaming New, 11 comments The Lenovo Phab 2 Pro is shipping now by Nick Statt@nickstatt Nov 1, 2016, 9:00am EDT share tweet Linkedin If it weren’t for Pokémon Go, augmented reality might have stayed another forlorn futurist technology the public paid little attention to. Instead, the AR mobile game from developer Niantic Labs, a former Google subsidiary, catapulted the technology to hundreds of millions of smartphone owners around the world. Now a few months after the game’s launch, the first fully capable AR smartphone has started shipping. It’s Lenovo’s Phab 2 Pro, and under the hood it contains the hardware and software neccesary to use Google’s Tango AR technology. Pokémon Go didn’t accelerate Tango’s consumer timeline, which has been in place since the team began discussions with Lenovo last year. "Actually I think Pokémon Go took everyone by surprise, including Niantic," Tango chief Johnny Lee, who spoke to members of the press at a roundtable event last week, says with a laugh. "Pokemon Go certainly made the conversation a lot easier with partners." "Pokemon Go certainly made the conversation a lot easier with partners." Jokes aside, Lee thinks the game proved the strength of AR, despite only using a rudimentary version of the tech. (Pokémon Go didn't map your surroundings. It just haphazardly plunked down a virtual creature square in the middle of the screen.) Niantic’s creation showed people how powerful an experience can be when you plant software in the real world and let people interact with one another. "It’s the idea that you can use physical space in a shared context," Lee adds. "The location-tracking capabilities of Tango can be the same vehicle for shared context between people." With the Phab 2 Pro, which is now selling for $499, Lenovo and Google are trying to prove that AR can and should become an integral component of modern smartphones. Lee thinks of Tango’s technology much like GPS, which transformed the utility of mobile phones and, years later, helped give birth to services like Uber. If AR is equally transformative in letting our devices understand physical spaces and "see" the world, it could help reshape entire industries, from gaming to retail to real estate. The Phab 2 Pro is just the beginning We’re a ways away from that point, stuck between the extremes of Microsoft’s $3,000 prototype HoloLens headset and Niantic’s free-to-play Pokémon Go. The Tango team wants to create a middle ground for both hardware and software, and it thinks the Phab 2 Pro is the place to start. To its credit, Lee’s division has progressed over the last two years from developer kit tablets to oversized retail smartphones. But the applications for AR are still quite limited. Many of them revolve around mobile gaming, using the Phab 2 Pro’s extra sensors and camera capabilities to turn living rooms into virtual play spaces. Down the line, Google wants to put Tango technology into many more phones and to expand how we think of AR. By next year, Lee says there will be more devices — and not just Lenovo’s — containing the necessary hardware to 3D map our surroundings. Until then, we’re stuck with the Phab 2 Pro. It’s not a bad phone by any means. It’s just a very niche device that’s impractical for a vast majority of smartphone owners. At $500, it’s cheaper than an iPhone or Google’s Pixel. Yet with a 6.4-inch display, the Phab 2 Pro can hardly be held with one hand. It barely fits in even large-sized pant pockets. No amount of nifty AR tech will sell people a phone that’s cumbersome to use for even the most basic of tasks. That might be okay. Google and Lenovo both understand that the Phab 2 Pro will act as more of a proof of concept than a device designed to sell millions of units. In that context, the phone excels. Its large display and powerful camera allows you to view huge swaths of a room with virtual objects overlaid over the scenery. Many of the early Tango apps also make use of gesture control and other real-world movements to avoid forcing users to place their fingers on the touchscreen. This way, the scene can play out on the screen without any interference. I tried a number of apps, all of which go live today on the Google Play Store, that were designed specifically for Lenovo’s Tango-equipped phone. (Some were created as part of Google's Tango App Incubator program.) There’s a Hot Wheels game made by Mattel that creates a virtual test track to send race cars down. Another game, Slingshot Island from developer Sockethead Games, plants a floating landmass in the middle of a room. You’re tasked with toppling structures on the island’s surface using a gyroscope-powered slingshot mechanic, much like Angry Birds. There’s also Towers for Tango, a business simulation game that places an small city on the table in front of you and lets you employ workers, build additions to apartment complexes, and grow the local economy. The games are neat, and also a little gimmicky, but the technology is certainly there. It’s remarkable to see entire 3D worlds play out in the camera viewfinder, and many of the Tango games force you to get up and move around as much as possible. It’s clear AR succeeds at getting users to stand up and get mobile, and I found myself walking in circles to inspect other parts of a virtual scene and even crouching down to try and get eye level with some objects and architecture. AR succeeds at getting users to stand up and get mobile Of the 35 or so Tango apps now available, a small handful have practical business purposes. There are a few apps, including one from Autodesk and another from Lowe’s, that let you place virtual furniture and appliances in your home to help visualize a purchase without having to pull out a tape measure. These applications, while boring at first glance, show the potential of AR to move beyond gaming and into industries where 3D mapping can truly transform how companies do business. Imagine being able to know exactly how an art print or new couch looks in your apartment, and not just by the measurement numbers, but with a virtual representation of the finished scene. Until there's more devices out there with Tango tech — and thats not happening until next year, at least — this all feels very much like an experimental test phase for AR. But developers don't seem too discouraged. That's both because Pokémon Go proved there's an appetite for these type of mobile experiences, and Google is convinced it's only a matter of time before every phone makes the jump to 3D mapping. "This is something that is not going to go away," says Legacy Games CEO Ariella Lehrer, whose company is making a kid-friendly zombie game called Crayola Color Blaster. "This ability to understand space is coming, and I think the market is going to be very large." An early look at the Lenovo Phab 2 Pro Next Up In Circuit Breaker Some 'Enhanced' games are having framerate issues on the PS4 Pro Marshall mixes old and new with its latest Bluetooth headphones How much should the Nintendo Switch cost? I'd rather tie my own shoes than pay $720 for Nike's self-lacing sneakers LuMee launched its new selfie phone case in coordination with the supermoon BenQ’s new 240Hz monitor is designed for e-sports Now Trending MacBook Pro with Touch Bar review: a touch of the future Mossberg: New MacBook Pro is a fast, slim tweener This NES Classic Edition teardown shows off a simple gaming system Over 300 million AdultFriendFinder accounts have been exposed in a massive breach Two-thirds of the world's internet users live under government censorship: report This Article has a component height of 24. The sidebar size is long. Loading comments... The Latest Web US & World Tech Google will soon ban fake news sites from using its ad network by Nick Statt@nickstatt Today, Google announced that its advertising tools will soon be closed to websites that promote fake news, a policy that could cut off revenue streams for publications that peddle hoaxes on platforms like Facebook. The decision comes at a critical... New, 2 comments Circuit Breaker Gaming Entertainment Some 'Enhanced' games are having framerate issues on the PS4 Pro by Paul Miller Eurogamer has dug deep into PlayStation 4 Pro performance, and found a few flaws. While the vast majority of "PS4 Pro Enhanced" games run fine at higher resolutions (up to 4K), or with more advanced anti-aliasing and with other graphical... New, 3 comments Microsoft Good Deals Black Friday Microsoft’s Black Friday deals include Xbox One and Surface discounts by Chaim Gartenberg@cgartenberg Microsoft is offering some discounts on Black Friday at the Microsoft Store, and, as one might be able to guess, the deals center around Microsoft’s Surface PCs and Xbox One consoles, along with a few other Windows computers. Additionally,... New, 1 comment Circuit Breaker Tech Headphones Marshall mixes old and new with its latest Bluetooth headphones by Chaim Gartenberg@cgartenberg Today Marshall announced its newest top-of-the-line pair of Bluetooth headphones: the Marshall Mid Bluetooth. In essence, they take the look of the over-ear Marshall Monitor line, shrink them down to an on-ear size, and add the same hardware from... New, 0 comments US & World Tech Facebook What we know, and what we don’t, about Facebook’s effort to reduce hoaxes by Casey Newton@CaseyNewton Nearly a week after the US presidential election, Facebook continues to be roundly criticized for its role in spreading misinformation. In the wake of a close contest, some have said Facebook’s lax attitude toward hoaxes swung the election to... Report Tech Twitter The FBI just got its hands on data that Twitter wouldn’t give the CIA by Russell Brandom@russellbrandom The FBI has a new view into what’s happening on Twitter. Last week, the bureau hired Dataminr, a Twitter-linked analytics firm, to provide an “advanced alerting tool” to over 200 users. Twitter owns a 5 percent stake in Dataminr and provides it... Chorus Terms of Use Privacy Policy Communications Preferences Contact Tip Us Community Guidelines About Ethics Statement All Systems Operational Check out our status page for more details. Vox Media Advertise with us Jobs @ Vox Media © 2016 Vox Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved tweet share
ClickZ ClickZ Intelligence ClickZ Learn ClickZ Live header-ad-slot November 15, 2016 Search Engine Watch Home Industry SEO PPC Analytics Social Local Mobile Video Content Development Reports Toggle navigation Home Industry SEO PPC Analytics Social Local Mobile Video Content Development Reports Three reasons you might not need Google AMP after all Mobile SEO 01 Nov 16 | Ben Jacobson Facebook0 Linkedin61 Google+22 Twitter 83 Mobile devices currently account for more than half of all internet use on a global level, and yet, many websites are still not mobile-friendly. Even those that are designed to look good on smaller screens still run the risk of loading slowly as a result of poor image optimization or heavy reliance on JavaScript and other large files. Smartphones have less powerful hardware and network connections than desktop and laptop devices, and Google wants to be sure that the websites they refer people to meet user expectations. The data shows that 40% of people abandon websites that take more than three seconds to load. AMP, which is short for Accelerated Mobile Pages, is Google’s answer. How does AMP work? AMP works by limiting the types of elements that web publishers can use, to ensure the pages can be downloaded and displayed quickly. Google’s servers then cache the web’s AMP-powered pages, and they pre-render in the background while people are still perusing their search results, to further help minimize page rendering times. Using this protocol, pages cannot become too bloated with tracking scripts and ads. By controlling the amount of JavaScript and only allowing limited HTML and CSS, Google says they can load websites up to 85% faster. Do you actually need AMP? What Google won’t tell you, of course, is that you may not actually need AMP to maximize your site’s speed. The company has too much riding on the success of the AMP initiative to admit that it’s redundant – at best – in many situations. In fact, if you’ve already been doing everything you can to improve your site’s mobile loading speed, then implementing AMP may involve more disadvantages for you than advantages. Does your site have a lot of pages that aren’t articles? Do you depend on third-party tools for lead capture or audience tracking? Do you monetize your site using an ad engine that isn’t among the relatively few supported by AMP? If you answered yes to any of the above questions, then when it comes to maximizing speed, you’re probably better off using your own knowhow and infrastructure, as opposed to Google’s. There are even mobile-oriented website building tools, such as Duda, that can do everything AMP does, but without many of the disadvantages. Here are three situations in which AMP isn’t for you: 1) You’re already using a content delivery network (CDN) When you use a CDN to host your image files and other content, your audience queries are routed to the networked server that’s physically closest to each site visitor. Many CDNs also use smart file caching rules, sophisticated session routing optimization algorithms, purging of unused files and built-in image compression to minimize load times. This is extremely effective for speeding sites up, in many cases reducing latency by up to 50%. Even if you don’t feel the need to invest in a CDN, though, there’s a lot you can do on your own to minimize the bandwidth demands of your images and code. You can implement “lazy loading,” or deferred loading of images, so that your audience can begin reading your content before each image appears on the page. In addition, tools like CompressJPEG or CompressPNG can dramatically reduce your image file sizes. With these solutions in place, you can feel good about sidestepping AMP. Share this article Facebook0 Linkedin61 Google+22 Twitter 83 Related articles Google’s mobile-first index: how to prepare your business Why local matters, even for national advertisers How Black Friday can lead to valuable organic search opportunities Reader survey: calling all mobile marketing technology firms, agencies & service providers 2) You’ve already adjusted the code on the mobile version of your site Mobile-friendliness is about much more than designing for smaller screens. One of the ways AMP minimizes page load times is by disabling plugins and other JavaScript assets. This ensures that there isn’t much code that needs to download to the visitor’s web browser before the page is viewable. But you don’t need AMP to disable your most sluggish mobile-unfriendly plugins and other JavaScript-powered components. If you’re working in WordPress, then this isn’t actually so hard to set up. All you need to do is adjust your theme’s functions.php file to include some “dequeue” commands by adding a code snippet along the lines of: if(wp_is_mobile()){ wp_dequeue_script( ‘cufon_handle’ ); } This particular function will determine if the visitor is on a mobile device, and if so, will disable the Cufon plugin, a useful font replacement tool. Add additional versions of this code to account for all the plugins and scripts you want to disable. Keep in mind, though, that in order to dequeue a script, it must first be enqueued. If it is not, this solution will have no effect. 3) Your site’s mobile version only has a single CSS reference Style sheets, as powered by CSS files, are generally relatively small, but if you have several of them, then your audience’s devices will need to query your servers for each one separately. Often, it’s the query volume, rather than the weight of the files, that can slow down content loads. The solution is to consolidate all of your style sheets into one master CSS resource. To get started with this, set your website code to reference an external CSS file called from your CDN, rather than placing the CSS in-line through all the pages on the website. Then, use a tool like CSS Minify to clean up your CSS file before hosting it on your CDN. In this sense, CSS files are similar to images. They should be consolidated, compressed, minified and hosted via a CDN. With all this in place, you’ll kill code bloat and unlock faster load times, once again negating the need for AMP. To AMP or Not to AMP? If you’re already doing everything you can to reduce the number and sizes of resources required to load your content, then your pages might be as fast as they ever will be. However, speed isn’t to be taken too lightly. As long ago as 2012 – before the dominance of the mobile web, mind you – Amazon estimated that each second of added load time per page costs the ecommerce giant some $1.6 billion in annual sales. If you’re struggling to get your page load times down to within four or so seconds, which is where it should be for the optimal user experience, then you may want to consider using AMP. At this time, Google doesn’t officially consider AMP implementations to be a ranking signal, although some websites have started to see lower click-through rates since AMP pages have started aggregating in mobile SERPs. Carefully consider the costs and benefits of using AMP for mobile speed before you dive in – you may be giving up more than you need to. Want to stay on top of the latest search trends?Get top insights and news from our search experts. Email* This iframe contains the logic required to handle AJAX powered Gravity Forms. Related reading Guide to 301 redirects and canonical tags When you need to redirect a website or individual webpage to a different location, there are a number of different tactics you can employ. SEO 10 Nov 16 | Christopher Ratcliff This is how Google will present the results of the 2016 US election… By presenting an animated gif of everybody screaming and crying? More News SEO 08 Nov 16 | Christopher Ratcliff A Penguin 4.0 recovery case study We’ve had time for the dust to settle after the real-time Penguin 4.0 update was released. SEO 08 Nov 16 | Marcela De Vivo 10 useful tools for writing compelling content for SEO Almost 93% of all online experiences begin with a search engine and 70% of the links that people click are organic.* Content SEO 07 Nov 16 | Alice Clarke Tags accelerated mobile pages | AMP | Google | mobile Web Sign up for SEW Daily Daily news and insights about search engine marketing, SEO and paid search. Email Address Visit us on: rhc-mpu-ad-slot1 Comments rhc-mpu-ad-slot2 Most Popular Say goodbye to Google: 14 alternative search engines Say goodbye to Google with these 14 alternative search engines, covering everything from information, images, videos, facts and stats. Oh and Gifs. This is how Google will present the results of the 2016 US election… By presenting an animated gif of everybody screaming and crying? How to write meta title tags for SEO (with good and bad examples) What is a title tag? How do you write one? Why are title tags important? Do they actually help with search engine optimisation? Going over to the duck side: a week using DuckDuckGo I’ve heard about DuckDuckGo a few times over the years, mostly as a name uttered in hushed whispers behind closed doors – “You don’t have to use Google. There is another way.” Want to stay on top of the latest search trends?Get top insights and news from our search experts. Email* This iframe contains the logic required to handle AJAX powered Gravity Forms. Click here to advertise with us Powered By ClickZ Group Limited All rights reserved 1 Hammersmith Broadway London, W6 9DL editorial@clickz.com CATEGORIES Industry SEO PPC Analytics Social Local Mobile Video Content Development Home About SEW Contact SEW Advertise on SEW Site Map Website Terms of Use Copyright & Licensing Privacy policy Cookie & Privacy Policy Friend's email Message  https://searchenginewatch.com/2016/11/01/three-reasons-you-might-not-need-google-amp-after-all/ Send × Want to stay on top of mobile marketing trends? Get top insights and news from our mobile marketing experts.Delivered to you daily, straight to your inbox. Email* This iframe contains the logic required to handle AJAX powered Gravity Forms. No thanks, I am not interested No thanks. Ask me later please Close
Engadget Login Home Gear Gaming Culture Entertainment Science Video Reviews Public Access Buyer's Guide Log in Sign up Show More Results Engadget 3 related articles Login Samsung Pay rewards program encourages you to shop Moto Z Play review: Buy it for the battery life Chinese media: Trump's trade war will hurt Apple and Boeing Latest in Gear New York City's free gigabit WiFi comes to Brooklyn 47m ago View Airliner's near miss with drone injures two crew members 2h ago View Samsung Pay rewards program encourages you to shop 3h ago View Sony Pictures will stream live VR with Nokia's Ozo camera 3h ago View Image credit: save Save share The first Google Tango phone launches with over 35 new apps Google goes all in with its depth-sensing tech. Nicole Lee , @nicole 11.01.16 in Mobile Comments 1186 Shares Share Tweet Share Save It's been years in the making but Tango, Google's depth-sensing technology, is ready to make its consumer debut. That's because today is when the first Tango phone, the Lenovo Phab2 Pro, goes on sale for $499. To accompany the Phab2 Pro's launch, Google is announcing more than 35 new Tango apps, all of which will be available in the Play Store today. I had a chance to play around with several of them, as well as speak with a few app developers and delve further into the future of Tango. And that includes Tango's relationship with Daydream, another well-known Google project. Tango started life as a project within Google's Advanced Technologies and Projects division, or ATAP. The idea was to integrate an array of sensors and cameras into a mobile device so that it could figure out its position relative to its surroundings. We've already seen how Tango's 3D-mapping can be used to give directions in a museum, assist in home improvement projects and create cartoon worlds, but there are a few new use cases that caught my eye. One of them is Crayola Color Blaster, which is described as a "zombie color-blasting game." Created by Legacy Games, the object here is to deal with incoming zombies by pelting them with paint. The zombies appear in an augmented-reality view on the display, so it looks as if they're in your actual living room. It's a very active game -- indeed, I found myself wandering around from one area of the room to the other just to get enough distance between me and the color-hungry undead. Even more so than Pokemon Go, this felt like a real augmented-reality game. Arielle Lehrer, CEO of Legacy Games, said the game was conceived as just a coloring book in real space until they figured out there was so much more you could do with the technology. "We started to think about the magic window idea of Tango," said Andrew Duncan, the game's lead designer. "Anywhere you look, you change the environment. It really plays in any space." Next, I played with Sockethead Games' Slingshot Island, which is pretty much as the name describes. Again using augmented reality, you place a virtual island in your physical space, be it your dining table or kitchen floor. From there, you'll use a slingshot to lob projectiles at it in order to solve puzzles, like knocking an egg off a structure. The interesting thing here is that your entire phone is the motion controller. That means as soon as you aim your target, you move the handset around to establish the shot -- as if your entire phone is the slingshot itself. I also demoed a couple of titles that didn't use augmented reality. One was Hot Wheels Track Builder, in which I could race toy cars down tracks of my own creation. I picked pieces up and dropped them in place by moving the phone. It's once again using the idea of the phone as the controller. Another was Ghostly Mansion, where I collected clues in a virtual room by walking around a physical space. I could lean down to open a drawer or lift the phone up to grab a picture on the wall. Of course, Tango has uses besides gaming. You can use an app called Measure to measure anything in your home, which is useful for home decorating. Apps like Wayfair View or iStaging are great for visualizing the placement of your furniture. There are educational applications too, like Solar Simulator for exploring the planets in the solar system. A few years after its debut, Tango graduated to become its own project division in 2015. Now, it's organized under Daydream, Google's VR initiative. It doesn't take much imagination to see how useful depth-sensing and 3D-mapping would be in virtual reality. Indeed, the combination of the two technologies could perhaps lead to a standalone headset in the future. "A lot of the work we're doing will enable inside-out tracking in VR," said Johnny Lee, Tango's director of engineering. "There's no product that we can talk about. But as Tango matures, as Daydream matures, there's an obvious crossroads that we're excited about." But before integrating that tech into VR, Google thought it was important to buildTango into phones first. "There are still a lot of phones being manufactured today," said Lee. "We feel like this form factor is one that we'll have with us for quite awhile." One of the reasons Randall Eike, CTO of Sockethead Games, was drawn to Tango is he felt that smartphones are a lot more accessible than VR headsets. "A VR headset isn't something you whip out of your pocket at a Starbucks," he said, whereas everyone has a smartphone. "There's a chance [Tango] will be more ubiquitous than VR." Lee shares the sentiment. He thinks of Tango in the same way as GPS; we were able to get through our lives before it came along, but now we can't imagine our phones without it. The spatial reasoning and depth sensing allowed by Tango, he said, will be just as important. "I believe there is a whole new suite of experiences that are possible. The way we interact with our computers will change." Plus, he said, the rise of Pokemon Go shows that the public is a lot more accepting of augmented-reality apps than it used to be, which is good news for Tango. Google is so bullish on Tango that it has already built up a pipeline of partners. In other words, look forward to more Tango-enabled phones next year. According to the company, these devices will be offered with a range of designs, form factors and price points. So if you're wary of the giant 6.4-inch screen on the Phab2 Pro, maybe wait a few months for a more compact alternative. "This is not just a research product. It's a product in the market today," said Nikhil Chandhok, Tango's product director. "Should every phone have GPS? Yes. Should every phone have a camera? Yes. Should every phone have inside-out tracking? Yes," Chandhok continued. "Every phone should have it." In this article: av, gaming, gear, google, interview, lenovo, lenovphab2pro, mobile, phab2pro, ProjectTango, tango By Nicole Lee @nicole Raised in the tropics of Malaysia, Nicole Lee arrived in the United States in search of love, happiness, and ubiquitous broadband. That last one is still a dream, but two out of three isn't bad. Her love for words and technology reached a fever pitch in San Francisco, where she learned you could make a living writing about gadgets, video games, and the Internet. Truly, a dream come true. Other interests include baseball, coffee, cooking, and chasing after her precocious little cat. 1186 Shares Share Tweet Share Save Comments Sign In 8m 8m ago in Art Dissecting the alien language in 'Arrival' Or, how filmmakers coded (and decoded) those mysterious circles. By T. Seppala,  8m ago save Save share View 47m 47m ago in Internet New York City's free gigabit WiFi comes to Brooklyn It's only in Bed-Stuy for now, but it's a start. By J. Fingas,  47m ago save Save share View 1h 1h ago in AV National Geographic's 'Mars' is like a SpaceX infomercial But it's also a semi-realistic look at how we could reach the red planet. By D. Hardawar,  1h ago save Save share View 1h 1h ago in Transportation Google's self-driving cars master tricky three-point turns And it only took several thousand tries per week. By A. Dalton,  1h ago save Save share View 2h 2h ago in Robots Airliner's near miss with drone injures two crew members The Canadian flight had to take evasive maneuvers. By J. Fingas,  2h ago save Save share View More Stories From around the web About About Engadget About Our Ads Advertise Brand Kit Contact Us RSS Feed Sections Reviews Gear Culture Entertainment Gaming Science Public Access Video Podcasts Deals Contribute Public Access Send us a tip! Support International Español 繁體中文 简体中文 日本版 Deutschland UK Apps Android iPhone iPad Join Our Newsletter Subscribe Follow Us © 2016 AOL Inc. All rights reserved. Reprints and Permissions Privacy Policy Terms of Use Trademarks Advertise ear icon eye icon text file
null
Menu Search Follow Us Facebook Instagram Twitter Youtube Flipboard LinkedIn Google+ RSS More Youtube Flipboard LinkedIn Google+ RSS Got a tip? Let us know. News Channels Startups Mobile Gadgets Enterprise Social Europe Asia Crunch Network Unicorn Leaderboard Gift Guides All Topics All Galleries All Timelines Video Shows Apps News Crunch Report Disrupt SF 2016 Gadgets Reviews Interviews TC Features All Shows All Videos Events TechCrunch Events Disrupt Startup Battlefield Crunchies Meetups International City Events Hackathon Include NFL’s 1ST and Future TechCrunch Store News About Mobile World Congress CES All Events Crunchbase Trending Tesla Google Facebook News Startups Mobile Gadgets Enterprise Social Europe Message Us Search TechCrunch Search TechCrunch Search Search × Hi! You are about to activate our Facebook Messenger news bot. Once subscribed, the bot will send you a digest of trending stories once a day. You can also customize the types of stories it sends you. Click on the button below to subscribe and wait for a new Facebook message from the TC Messenger news bot. Thanks, TC Team Disrupt LondonCo-founder Of DeepMind, Mustafa Suleyman, To Speak At Disrupt London Save £250 On Tickets Now Google Hoping to beat rivals, Google Play Music starts using your location & activity to recommend tunes Google says there are now 2 billion active Chrome installs Google responds to EU antitrust charges against Android Browse more... Google launches Tango AR smartphone system Posted Nov 1, 2016 by Lucas Matney (@lucas_matney) 0 SHARES Next Story Marc Andreessen joins board of Dialpad, the desk phone killer After more than two years of tinkering and finessing, today Google finally officially launched its Tango smartphone augmented reality system to the masses. Right now, it’s only available on Lenovo’s $499 Phab2 Pro, which arrives in stores in the US today, but you can expect to see this in a bunch of Android phones in the next year or so. About 35 applications are launching with Tango support at launch. I had a chance to demo about a dozen of them and results were mixed. Developers are really still figuring out what these cameras are good for and some might be trying a bit too hard to capitalize on the depth-sensing feature. There are certainly some ground-breaking apps in early infancy. For gamers, Tango certainly offers a chance to have a more intense gaming session. Titles like Crayola Color Blaster show the ability of games to capitalize on larger playing spaces while utilizing the technology’s tracking abilities. What were ultimately most intriguing were the non-gaming apps. iStaging allows you to position furniture in your home and see what a new lamp would look like on your desk. This app was one of the most effective in highlighting how much better Tango’s mapping has gotten over the past several months. Matterport’s Scenes app allows users to capture their spaces in volumetric 3D, what that’s actually useful for is a bit limited in scope, but visually it’s really freaking cool and highlights just how sophisticated even Tango’s first effort is. The future of fruit photography is bright on #Tango pic.twitter.com/yRzzaslfeT — lucas matney (@Lucas_Matney) November 1, 2016 Tango has tellingly undergone some organizational changes within Google since it was first introduced. The program is now operated directly alongside Google Daydream, the company’s central smartphone virtual reality effort. It’s clear that there’s very little intention to keep these programs separate for too long. The opportunities offered by Tango in terms of inside-out positional tracking would offer VR a major boon if a smartphone is launched that is Tango and Daydream compatible. For all its notoriety and specialty, Tango is a feature bound for mass consumption. Depth sensing cameras are a feature that will inevitably land on smartphones with the clear use cases becoming most apparent after we all readily have access to them. Tango is starting with a rather tepid launch on a single Lenovo phablet, but the quality experience is certainly there. 0 SHARES Advertisement Advertisement Crunchbase Google Founded 1998 Overview Google is a multinational corporation that is specialized in internet-related services and products. The company’s product portfolio includes Google Search, which provides users with access to information online; Knowledge Graph that allows users to search for things, people, or places as well as builds systems recognizing speech and understanding natural language; Google Now, which provides information … Location Mountain View, CA Categories Search Engine, Blogging Platforms, Ad Network, Email, Video Streaming, Software, Information Technology Website http://www.google.com/ Full profile for Google Newsletter Subscriptions The Daily Crunch Get the top tech stories of the day delivered to your inbox TC Weekly Roundup Get a weekly recap of the biggest tech stories Crunchbase Daily The latest startup funding announcements Enter Address Subscribe Latest Crunch Report Snapchat Starts Selling Spectacles | Crunch Report Watch More Episodes Google Popular Posts Featured Stories Facebook chose to fight fake news with AI, not just user reports 3 hours ago | Josh Constine The best things you can do with the MacBook Pro’s Touch Bar right now 9 hours ago | Brian Heater Apple looks ahead with the new MacBook Pro 11 hours ago | Brian Heater Microsoft announces Visual Studio for Mac will launch in November 14 hours ago | John Biggs Latest From TechCrunch A real teen’s take on Snapchat’s hot new Spectacles 52 minutes ago | Daniel Singer Adobe makes big bets on AI and the public cloud 1 hour ago | Frederic Lardinois GoodLands partners with ESRI to launch the Catholic Geographic System 1 hour ago | Sam O'Keefe xAd raises $42.5M more, buys WeatherBug to boost location-specific marketing 3 hours ago | Ingrid Lunden Comment moderation powered by Up Next Marc Andreessen joins board of Dialpad, the desk phone killer Posted Nov 1, 2016 CrunchBoard Job Listings Infrastructure Engineer Tango at The Sourcery (Mountain View, CA, United States) Senior Software Engineer @ Pared at The Sourcery (San Francisco, CA, United States) Software Engineer @ Pared at The Sourcery (San Francisco, CA, United States) Technical Content Writer @ Pantheon at The Sourcery (San Francisco, CA, United States) Staff Software Engineer @ Lending Home at The Sourcery (San Francisco, CA, United States) More from CrunchBoard Advertisement TechCrunch News Video Events Crunchbase TechCrunch Store About Staff Contact Us Advertise With Us Send Us A Tip International China Europe Japan Follow TechCrunch Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Youtube Pinterest Tumblr Instagram StumbleUpon Feed TechCrunch Apps iOS Android Windows 8 Subscribe to The Daily Crunch Latest headlines delivered to you daily Subscribe to <span class="no-mobile">Subscribe to </span>The Daily Crunch Enter Email Address Subscribe © 2013-2016 AOL Inc. All rights reserved. Aol Tech Privacy Policy About Our Ads Anti Harassment Policy Terms of Service Powered by WordPress.com VIP Fonts by News Startups Mobile Gadgets Enterprise Social Europe Asia Crunch Network Unicorn Leaderboard Gift Guides All Galleries All Timelines Videos Apps News Crunch Report Disrupt SF 2016 All Shows All Videos Events Disrupt Startup Battlefield Crunchies Meetups International City Events Hackathon Include NFL’s 1ST and Future TechCrunch Store All Events Crunchbase Message Us Most Popular Facebook chose to fight fake news with AI, not just user reports 3 hours ago by Josh Constine India’s tech bubble is about to burst 4 hours ago by Contributor Apple looks ahead with the new MacBook Pro 11 hours ago by Brian Heater A real teen’s take on Snapchat’s hot new Spectacles 52 minutes ago by Daniel Singer xAd raises $42.5M more, buys WeatherBug to boost location-specific marketing 3 hours ago by Ingrid Lunden I refuse to review Snapchat Spectacles — but I’m glad to have my hands back Nov 12, 2016 by Matthew Panzarino Why the next great SaaS company will look nothing like Salesforce yesterday by Aaref Hilaly Microsoft announces Visual Studio for Mac will launch in November 14 hours ago by John Biggs GE Digital snags ServiceMax for $915 million 4 hours ago by Ron Miller Is Netflix Disney’s next big buy and is Reed Hastings its next CEO? 20 hours ago by Peter Csathy
