  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health     Science Money Video Travel Columnists Latest Headlines Science Pictures Discounts My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Android inventor Andy Rubin to take on Apple and Google with new smartphone and 'home AI' products Rubin left Google two years ago and has been setting up new firm Believed he has around 40 employees, many from Apple and Rubin Phone will allow users to plug in new modules such as a 3D camera  By Mark Prigg For Dailymail.com Published: 17:23 EST, 13 January 2017 | Updated: 17:36 EST, 13 January 2017 e-mail 34 shares 4 View comments The inventor of Android is set to re-enter the phone market - and believes he can take on Apple and Google. Andy Rubin has recruited over 40 people to his new firm, to be called Essential, according to Bloomberg. It aims to build an entire technology ecosystem using AI - from phones and smart home gadgets to app stores. Scroll down for video   Andy Rubin has recruited over 40 people to his new firm, to be called Essential, according to Bloomberg. It aims to build an entire technology ecosystem from phones to app stores and smart home gadgets.  ANDY RUBIN'S CAREER  Born in 1963, New Yorker Any Rubin worked on the first generation of wireless digital assistants, known as PDA. In December 1999 he launched Danger, creator of the Hiptop, a proto-smartphone, which was later bought by Microsoft.  Rubin cofounded Android in 2003 and sold it to Google in 2005, moving to the firm. In December 2013, Rubin started management of the robotics division of Google, before leaving on 30 October 2014 to start an incubator for hardware startups. Rubin and his wife, Rie, also own and operate Voyageur du Temps, a bakery in Los Altos, CA.   'Armed with about a 40-person team, filled with recruits from Apple Inc. and Alphabet Inc.'s Google, Rubin is preparing to announce a new company called Essential and serve as its Chief Executive Officer, according to people familiar with the matter,' Bloomberg said. A search in LinkedIn reveals several of the employees, including Niccolo De Masi, the ex-CEO of Glu Mobuile, who is listed as the firm's President & COO.  Rubin also recently hired Andy Fouché from Magic Leap, a Google backed firm developing AR glasses.  Bloomberg claims Essential will produce an range of both home and mobile products, and Rubin discussed his handset plans with Sprint executives at the recent CES show. Rubin registered Essential Products Inc. with California regulators in November 2015, and in late 2016, the company registered 'Essential' with the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office. There, it listed smartphones, tablets, accessories and 'computer operating software for mobile phones' among its goods and services.  According to Bloomberg, the handset will be aimed at the luxury end of the market, and could be expanded using plug in modules.  RELATED ARTICLES Previous 1 Next The biggest storm in the universe: Stunning new NASA image... ISIS is increasingly modifying home drones to drop bombs -... Google lets you book an Uber from within Maps - even if you... Is it really worth paying £280 for the Switch? MailOnline... Share this article Share 34 shares Bloomberg claims Essential will produce an range of both home and mobile products, and Rubin (pictured) discussed his handset plans with Sprint executives at the recent CES show. Rubin is aiming to put the phone on sale around the middle of this year for a price close to that of an iPhone 7 ($649), a person familiar with the matter told Bloomberg, although they admitted 'all of the plans are still in flux'. Rubin is convinced AI is the next big change to ripple through the technology industry.  'New computing platforms happen every 10 to 12 years,' he said at the Bloomberg Technology Conference in June.  RUBIN'S DOG TAKES ON A ROBOT   While at Google's Rubin's dog hit the headlines after taking on a robot. A feisty terrier has taken on Boston Dynamics' 'Spot' dog by barking at it and even giving chase, showing that in the event of a robot uprising, dogs will still be man's best friend.The dog, named Cosmo, is said to belong to Andy Rubin, the co-founder of Android, who has previously managed the robotics program at Google. Google acquired Boston Dymamics, which makes numerous sized robotic animals in differing sizes, including Spot, which can run, climb stairs, jog next to its owner and even cope with being kicked. He believes that AI in the future will go one step further - being so powerful that it underpins every connected device. Mr Rubin said a combination of quantum computing and AI advancements could yield a conscious intelligence that would control every internet-enabled gadget.  'If you have computing that is as powerful as this could be, you might only need one. 'It might not be something you carry around; it just has to be conscious.' While Mr Rubin's claims are currently theoretical, his investment fund, Playground Global, is investing $300 million in companies trying to make this future of AI a reality. One of the companies his fund is investing in, is a quantum computing firm. Its name has not been disclosed. The company is made up of researchers who may one day be able to commercialise quantum devises using standard manufacturing processes, which could massively boost processing power.  Mr Rubin said: 'In order for AI to blossom and fulfill consumer needs, it has to be about data. 'That's where robotics come in - robots are walking mobile sensors, who can sense their environment and interact and learn from those interactions.'  Foxconn is in talks to manufacture Rubin's new smartphone, according to people familiar with the matter. At least one prototype of Rubin's phone boasts a screen larger than the iPhone 7 Plus's (5.5-inches) but has a smaller overall footprint because of the lack of bezels, one of the people said.   Share or comment on this article e-mail 34 shares Most watched News videos Gloria Williams waves extradition for kidnapping Kamiyah Mobley Kitesurfer unaware of great white shark swimming below Disgusting moment cyst puss eruption covers cell phone Enraged kick-boxer strikes husband's mistress NINE times 2017's luckiest man: Pedro Grendene Bartelle win's $3.5m Man takes his cat Weston Sledding in the snow Sheep attack shepherd after being frightened by a car in Germany She's falling for him? Girl gets 'pushed off ledge in prank' video Black PhD student is beaten and cuffed by police Female bullfighter is mounted by young bull NYPD searching for six teens who beat up a woman in Brooklyn Semi truck clips snow plow in Spanish Fork Canyon 'Liberal snowflake' Hollywood stars come under fire for... US Army soldier based at Fort Hood is found dead - making... Opera star Andrea Bocelli backs out of singing at Trump's... Did she know? Cops says teen suspected she was kidnapped as... Reunited at last! Teen meets her biological parents for... Meghan meets Kate: Prince Harry 'has introduced his... Did D.B. Cooper work for BOEING? New analysis found on... 'I was in a bathrobe NAKED underneath and they pushed me... Zoe Saldana says 'cocky and arrogant' Hollywood actors... You're hired: Two soldiers do their best Donald Trump and... EXCLUSIVE: Shock for Harry's girl: Meghan Markle's BROTHER... Man 'catches married female dance teacher, 38, having sex... MOST READ NEWS Previous Next ● ● ● Comments (4) Share what you think Newest Oldest Best rated Worst rated  View all The comments below have not been moderated.  View all The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline. Add your comment Enter your comment By posting your comment you agree to our house rules. Submit Comment Clear Who is this week's top commenter? Find out now More top stories Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail Download our iPhone app Download our Android app Today's headlines Most Read First came Fitbit exercise trackers for humans... now 'Fitbark' claims to be the way to get your FAT FIDO... The MEGASHARK died out because it was a picky eater: Researchers say megalodon was unable to change its diet... Our microbe ancestors revealed: Scientists may have finally found where complex life came from What Earth will look like in 250 million years: Simulations show new MEGACONTINENT called Amasia... Incredible images reveal how eruptions from Alaska's Bogoslof volcano have transformed the island in just... Is this how the dinosaurs REALLY died out? Researchers reconstruct the dark and frozen conditions on Earth... Screen time is GOOD for teen brains: Why 257 minutes is the 'sweet spot' before computers damage mental... What's REALLY in your sushi? Study finds almost half of fish are mislabeled in restaurants Can YOU recognise cities around the world just by sound? Fascinating interactive quiz may baffle even... Want to stick to your New Year resolutions? Move house, say scientists  Breakthrough in fixing a broken heart: Researchers use stem cells to regenerate the outer layer of organ in... SpaceX finances 'on a knife edge' following disastrous rocket explosion - and Elon Musk is relying on... Android inventor Andy Rubin to take on Apple and Google with new smartphone and 'home AI' products ISIS is increasingly modifying home drones to drop bombs - and US troops say they now see them in Mosul... Space mountain: Astronaut shares stunning out of this world shot of the Rockies from the ISS MORE HEADLINES The biggest storm in the universe: Stunning new NASA image reveals Jupiter's 'great red spot' megastorm in unprecedented detail Incredible images reveal how eruptions from Alaska's Bogoslof volcano have transformed the island in just two decades Is this how the dinosaurs REALLY died out? Researchers reconstruct the dark and frozen conditions on Earth after asteroid megastrike The MEGASHARK died out because it was a picky eater: Researchers say megalodon was unable to change its diet after its favourite whales died out Is it really worth paying £280 for the Switch? MailOnline gives its verdict on Nintendo's latest console ISIS is increasingly modifying home drones to drop bombs - and US troops say they now see them in Mosul every DAY Our microbe ancestors revealed: Scientists may have finally found where complex life came from You've been feeding your cat wrong: Scientists say you should give it food 5 TIMES a day to stop it getting fat The terrifying moment a rattlesnake attacks a rat is captured in slow-motion for the first time Breakthrough in fixing a broken heart: Researchers use stem cells to regenerate the outer layer of organ in groundbreaking research Did complex life come from BACTERIA? Researchers say virus infections could have sparked them being reprogrammed to become animal cells Want to stick to your New Year resolutions? Move house, say scientists  MOST READ IN DETAIL     Femail Today PICTURE EXCLUSIVE Kourtney Kardashian, 37, wears a sheer bra for late-night rendezvous with former flame Justin Bieber, 22 The May-December duo Bikini-clad Billie Lourd holds hands with Taylor Lautner on sunshine break after the death of mother Carrie Fisher In mourning for her mother and grandmother PICTURE EXCLUSIVE Kristin Cavallari relaxes in a bikini as she hires a yacht to celebrate Jay Cutler's 30th She has three young children Looking bootyful! Kim Kardashian shows off her shapely rear in a form fitting white dress in Dubai She's officially back at work Revealed: Kim Kardashian told police how masked thug grabbed her while she was NAKED under bathrobe during $10m Paris robbery  Katy Perry debuts dramatic blonde dye-job as she surprise Orlando Bloom with a secret 40th birthday bash in Palm Springs Surprising her beau  Church time! Gwen Stefani, 47,  is a model mom in plaid as she attends worship services with her three sons Quality family time One piece wonder! Kelly Bensimon, 49, flaunts her figure in sexy black one piece with hip side cutouts Proves you don't need a bikini to look sexy Katie Holmes and daughter Suri don floral ensembles to shop for groceries The 38-year-old actress filled her shopping cart with essentials  Prince George 'WON'T attend the same school as his father as Kate and William opt for smaller, more discreet pre-prep closer to Kensington Palace'  Getting pizza all over her frock, 'shooing away' a waitress and interrupting interviews: Nicole Kidman's 'bizarre behaviour' at the Golden Globes revealed 'I don't want to be at the center of attention': Amanda Seyfried opens up about her upcoming wedding to Thomas Sadoski as she stuns on Vogue Australia cover Packing up! Anti-Trump protesters plan demonstration outside the New York City home of Ivanka Trump and Jared Kushner to 'Help Ivanka Move'  'I will be ok!' Priyanka Chopra updates fans on Twitter after dangerous fall on Quantico set left her with concussion Was hospitalized after nasty incident  Ariana Grande showcases her slender pins in sexy Instagram to promote her Dangerous Woman Tour Shared the sultry shots on social media  Meghan meets Kate: Prince Harry 'has introduced his girlfriend to Duchess of Cambridge at Kensington Palace'  Also met Charlotte  Want some presidential neighbors? House just one block away from the Obamas and Ivanka's future homes in a DC suburb hits market for $5.75m Hello YELLOW! It lit up the red carpet at the Golden Globes and Emma Stone's dress in La La Land made quite a splash, now you can brighten your wardrobe 'No greater blessing than family!' Ciara's boy supports stepdad Russell Wilson's team... while his birth father Future backs the other side Prince William will give up his career as a helicopter pilot to become a full-time royal - but still won't do as much as his 68-year-old father  Wet 'n' wild! Alessandra Ambrosio displays her flawless physique in very tiny black bikini as she enjoys a dip in the sea in Brazil The Queen and Prince Philip are joined by Lord Snowdon's son as they attend church at Sandringham - just two days after the royal photographer's death Moving Swift-ly on? Giggling Tom Hiddleston is spotted bidding farewell to a mystery brunette during evening stroll back in London Taylor Swift's ex My nerve-shredding odyssey to adopt my little girl: As Nicole Kidman's new movie highlights India's orphanages, one mother shares her story 'I'm not talking about pee-pee': Alec Baldwin mercilessly mocks Trump over Russian golden shower scandal with stream of bathroom humor jokes on SNL Zoe Saldana says 'cocky and arrogant' Hollywood actors 'bullied' Donald Trump during the election Words of support from the actress  Wrestling legend Jimmy 'Superfly' Snuka dies aged 73 days after murder charge was dropped over death of his ex-girlfriend  He had stomach cancer 'He wants to be emperor': How Mark Zuckerberg 'quotes Greek legend' to Facebook staff as friends say he is primed to run for president in 2024 'People need to see a new side to pregnancy': Pregnant lesbian hits out at online bullies who criticized her for looking 'masculine' and wearing 'boy clothes'  How to dress like a grown up: Dry January should apply to clothes shopping too!  Your wardrobe is a team - all items must work together to survive 'She is smitten': Amber Heard said to be besotted with billionaire Elon Musk... as she prepares for 'new chapter' following Johnny Depp divorce 'We are beautiful the way we are': Photographer captures images of 40 'real' women in their underwear in bid to change perceptions  Dressed down Kylie Jenner giggles as she enjoys a night out at a burger joint with boyfriend Tyga Kylie proves she's a cheap date PJ-clad Jessica Alba kisses husband Cash Warren at his birthday bash The 35-year-old Golden Globe nominee puckered up Making a stellar appearance! Nicole Richie snuggles up in star-spangled unicorn onesie at pyjama party Celebrating Cash Warren's 38th birthday  'Pajama jammy jam!' Kourtney Kardashian cuddles up to Kim's bestie Chrissy Teigen at Cash Warren's star-studded PJ party Best of friends How to look as good as the French in lingerie: The secret's a whole new way of thinking about your body shape  In Paris, lingerie is not just underwear   Couples reveal what changed most after they moved in together (and their sometimes bizarre ways of making their relationships work)   Amanda Seyfried shows off her bump in a grey sweater on outing with fiancé Thomas Sadoski She confirmed her first pregnancy in November A royal faux pas? The Crown's Matt Smith spotted smoking 'suspicious looking cigarette' outside a London pub while on a night out with pals  'Back in action': Yolanda Hadid shares behind the scenes shot as she joins daughter Gigi on Tommy Hilfiger shoot Sneak peek 'Spray tan lyfe!' Ashley Graham strips down to her bikini as she flaunts her freshly tanned figure The plus-size stunner is a positive body image activist Celebs celebrate the closure of Ringling Bros. circus with PETA activist Pamela Anderson claiming victory that the 'saddest show on earth' is finishing after 146 years  She's back! Kim Kardashian is her old self again as she sits astride a buggy and poses with a falcon on Dubai modelling shoot Posing up a storm It's Kueen Kim! Kardashian is treated to a dance display as she gets the royal welcome in Dubai She is doing a make-up tutorial in the Middle East Lewis Hamilton turns heads in bright yellow hoodie while arriving at LAX... as Mercedes is set to clarify its position on Valterri Bottas' proposed switch  Always camera ready! Jennifer Lopez turns shopping trip into a modelling shoot as she poses against a wall  She's always camera-ready Tamara Ecclestone shares cute pictures of her daughter Sophia, 2, showing off her skiing skills before enjoying a pony ride in Gstaad F1 heiress Nip and tuck with Dr Tracy Mountford: Is there such a thing as a non-surgical eyelift?   Often, a surgical eyelift or a brow lift (or a gives the most long-lasting result Three generations of Beckham! David returns to Old Trafford with son Cruz and dad Ted as the trio watch Manchester United take on Liverpool Soccer game outing 'Disclaimer: I am not Deadpool!' Meet the OTHER Ryan Reynolds, a 29-year-old mayor of a tiny village in upstate New York He's not the actor Beefcake in Milan! Paris Hilton cosies up to muscle-bound models at Plein Sport runway show The reality TV icon turns 36 next month PJ-clad Jessica Alba plays beer pong at husband Cash Warren's birthday bash The 35-year-old Golden Globe nominee shared a clip Bare-faced beauty! Chloe Moretz keeps it casual in ripped sweatshirt and leggings The 19-year-old actress proved she doesn't need make-up or fancy clothes How YOU can shift your midlife middle! FEMAIL meets the trainer who says she has the secret, especially if you hate the gym, and promises results in SEVEN days Judy Garland slashed her own throat with a razor in the grip of chronic drug addiction, reveals her ex-husband  Sid Luft once found her semiconscious Anguish for George Michael's family as police hunt for more visitors to star's home before his death and former lover reveals addiction to COCA-COLA 'You just don't feel sexy!' The Hills star Audrina Patridge dishes on her love life after birth of baby daughter Kirra Motherhood secrets Brad Pitt looks relaxed as he hangs out with Sting and Chris Cornell at star-studded EB disease benefit in Malibu Saturday night in California 'Do you love her and do you know she wants to marry you?' How President Obama's advice for marital bliss brought together two grooms  Thrill seeker! Ariel Winter squeals with delight as she takes her niece to Disneyland on her sixth birthday She was treating her niece to a day out Wealthy Chinese and Russian couples snap up replicas of Princess Diana's sapphire and diamond engagement ring  Orders have soared Plaid to see you! Pregnant Natalie Portman covers her large baby bump in a stylish checked jacket as she goes for leisurely park stroll Hunky dory: Hollywood heartthrobs Chris Hemsworth and Matt Damon catch up over dinner in LA with Chris' wife Elsa Pataky Outside LA's Catch  He doesn't do things by halves! Rocco Ritchie can't contain his laughter as he breaks his skateboard in two while out and about in London Mariah Carey sports plunging LBD as she and toyboy Bryan Tanaka step out in London Has been enjoying time across the pond and a break from social media How Melania Trump dazzled her way to the (very) White House: Glamorous Slovenian has been rehearsing for years to become America's First Lady 'Thanks Uncle Snoop!' Miley Cyrus poses by a marijuana bar at weed-themed birthday party for boyfriend Liam Hemsworth Was a 'joint' shindig  Some helping hands! Blac Chyna heads to the mall with TWO nannies to help look after son King Cairo and baby Dream Family shopping trip  Kim Kardashian's former bodyguard breaks his silence on Paris robbery and says he's 'not avoiding anything' about the heist or WHY he was sacked Blac Chyna in the red? Star threatened with lawsuit for $3million in 'unpaid fees' as 'longtime managers' claim she 'cut them out' of lucrative deals Bottoms up! Kirsten Dunst flaunts her toned pins and perky derriere in skintight denims as she hides her jaw-dropping engagement ring in LA 'Observe the moment you feel truly happy': Chloe Lattanzi pens inspirational quote while flaunting cleavage after $415,000 Barbie doll transformation Heard what James said? Pierce Brosnan looks stern during press conference... after chatshow host Corden labels him 'rudest' celebrity Lindsay Lohan cuts a chic figure in a quirky dog print co-ord as she enjoys a night out with a male friend in Milan   With Italian reality star Tommaso Zorzi Spellbinding! Jessica Biel shows off her shapely legs in cut-out skirt as she attends premiere party for Just Add Magic Married to Justin Timberlake Love is in the air! Matthew McConaughey looks casually cool in a stylish camel coat as he and wife Camilla Alves jet over to New York City At the airport Christina Milian flaunts her ample cleavage in a saucy ensemble as she parties with BFF Karrueche Tran Heading out to Bootsy Bellows on the Sunset Strip Piers Morgan will interview former Ukip leader Nigel Farage on Life Stories... and declares that it will be the 'best TV' viewers have ever seen Fun for all the family! Vanessa Paradis and new boyfriend Samuel Benchetrit appear downcast as they take Lily Rose Depp for a day of shopping in Paris Run Daniel, run! James Bond star Craig makes a dash for it through the busy streets to make it to the New York Theater in time for his performance in Othello 'Happy birthday, Uncle!' Chris Hemsworth's four-year-old daughter makes a cute card for uncle Liam as the actor celebrates turning 27  Messages poured in  Lily James cuts a concerned figure as she talks on the phone...after boyfriend Matt Smith is spotted 'smoking suspicious cigarette'  Downton Abbey actress Suki Waterhouse flaunts her tanned and toned physique in a skimpy bikini as she jogs along the beach in Mexico Went for a run Young model admits Crohn's disease has 'torn apart' her life - as she says the debilitating illness has caused her to lose her social life, car and even her career Tina Fey pays tribute to Carrie Fisher as she appears in hologram form on Saturday Night Live Admits she was 'nervous' about the gig Lisa Rinna, 53, sizzles in skintight leather trousers alongside her model daughter Delilah, 18, as they dine in LA The former Days Of Our Lives actress  Victoria Beckham 'takes legal action to block Spice Girls reunion'... as Geri Horner announces she's leaving GEM to focus on her family Woman in white! Zoe Kravitz keeps it crisp at Elle's Women in Television event as she displays her svelte figure in an all-white ensemble from tip to toe Sylvester Stallone's daughters Sophia, 20, and Sistine, 18, sizzle in black ensembles alongside their mother Jennifer at star-studded Dolce & Gabbana party Candace Cameron Bure showcases new darker auburn locks in plunging gown at Hallmark party The actress showcased her stunning new hair  'Falcons got Future!' Ciara's ex pops up on the sidelines as her husband Russell Wilson plays losing NFL game A photo emerged on Twitter  'He's our little mascot': Dev Patel reveals the close bond he developed with eight-year-old Sunny Pawar on the set of Lion  Lot of love Orange you glad she came! Shailene Woodley sizzles in vibrant statement coat at star-studded Elle's Women in Television bash Make-up free Kate Hudson bundles up in all black with red cap as she steps out with Kurt Russell in Beverly Hills Almost Famous star opted for comfort  Progress report! Justin Bieber checks in on protégé Madison Beer over dinner at trendy Catch LA The Baby singer wore a Supreme sweatshirt 'It's an uphill struggle': Sienna Miller reveals she hasn't filmed a movie for a year claiming there 'aren't many great roles for women' White hot! Hailey Baldwin shows off her taut tummy wearing white mesh in stunning retro swimsuit shots Flaunted her fabulous physique  Julianne Hough puts her abs on display in red sports bra as she and brother Derek hit the gym Are a pair of very toned siblings  Classic colors! Reese Witherspoon and Nicole Kidman shine in black and white ensembles at Elle's Women in Television celebration Stunned in black  Pajama party! Chrissy Teigen and John Legend rock ridiculous chicken themed onesies in hilarious snaps Couple showed off their outlandish get-ups  'Good luck daddy' Tom Brady shares a sweet kiss with his daughter ahead of critical Patriots game His own little good luck charm  Smitten by the fantasy castle in Kate and Wills' Alpine playground: Why this gorgeous 'palace-rated' hotel in glitzy Courchevel is the stuff of dreams From Hollywood to Bollywood! Ruby Rose reveals she has ambitions to cut it in Asian market New film xXx: Return of Xander Cage is out 'My babies': Blac Chyna cuddles up to newborn daughter Dream and King Cairo in sweet Instagram video Shared the endearing clip with her fans Another baby on the way! Jeff Goldblum, 64, is expecting second child with wife Emilie Livingston, 33 Pair announced exciting news on Instagram  EXCLUSIVE: Shock for Harry's girl: Meghan Markle's BROTHER is arrested and charged with holding a gun to his girlfriend's head 'in violent, drunken row' Pink throws daughter Willow Sage celebratory 'big sister party' as she lovingly cradles newborn son Jameson Moon Opera star Andrea Bocelli backs out of singing at Trump's inauguration after receiving death threats Was rumored to be one of the acts performing  Spot the rock! Kate Mara flashes ring as it emerges she is engaged to Fantastic Four co-star Jamie Bell The band was glinting on her left hand  'I wish R.I.P. meant Return If Possible': Celine Dion unveils powerful new a cappella song in tribute to late husband Rene one year after his death 'HAPPY Z DAY'! Taylor Swift celebrates Zayn Malik's birthday by teasing their Fifty Shades Darker music video Sneak peak Khloe Kardashian's trainer spills the secrets to getting the reality star's enviable body - including countless squats, 'sled pushing' and intense boxing Fierce fashion instincts! Mandy Moore rocks chic animal print gown at Elle's Women in Television honors Joined ladies of the small screen Seeking comfort from her sister! Bella Hadid visits Gigi in snowy NYC after her ex The Weeknd is spotted kissing Selena Gomez Supportive family unit 'Grooming day!': Jenna Dewan Tatum shows off flawless make-up free face during futuristic-like skin session Has radiant skin 'Current mood': Naomi Watts shares flashack photo of herself as a bored schoolgirl in Brides of Christ as she complains about being on set past midnight  Back in a skintight minidress! Kim Kardashian is curvy in a cream number as she continues touring Dubai after $1,600 makeup masterclass Selena Gomez and The Weeknd's romance didn't break the friend code with Bella Hadid... because 'they're only acquaintances' Did she break the rules? Pretty in pink! Lindsay Lohan steps out in sexy silky ensemble in Milan The 30-year-old former wild-child was spotted looking pretty in pink as she left her hotel in Italy Girls' shopping trip! Katie Holmes takes daughter Suri Cruise to children's clothing store in LA Spent some quality time with her children  Channing Tatum and wife Jenna Dewan coordinate in baseball hats with jeans while running errands with daughter Everly, three Enjoyed family time  'Revenge Body? It's a no from me': Young woman who battled an eating disorder for six years says Khloe Kardashian's new show is 'a step backward'  Lamar Odom says the first he knew of his near fatal drugs overdose was waking up to find Khloé Kardashian at his side in hospital Scary realization  Fits like a glove! Viola Davis stuns in form-fitting teal dress during the London preview of Fences Golden Globe winner can command attention Back to where it all began! Megan Marx and Tiffany Scanlon confirm they are moving to Bali together as they reveal their unusual packing list PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Victoria Beckham wraps up in winter white polo neck as she enjoys girly day shopping with daughter Harper Returned from vacation 'She was her enemy': Elizabeth Taylor 'disliked' Sophia Loren as she feared the siren could steal love Richard Burton away, new book claims One Direction's Louis Tomlinson praises former bandmate Zayn Malik as he wins two nominations at 2017 BRIT Awards Richard Gere and longtime friend the Dalai Lama are spotted in deep conversation in India on the final day of religious event Kalachakra She's back! Mandy Moore returns as Rapunzel in new Tangled: Before Ever After trailer Sneak peak for the sequel released  'I don't apologize': Toby Keith defends his decision to perform at Donald Trump's  inauguration... as Jennifer Holliday backs out Mad about plaid! Melissa McCarthy, 46, shows off thinner frame in bright pantsuit as she reacts to Gilmore Girls' shocking conclusion Press tour  Susan Sarandon looks chic in all black as she attends panel for docu-series Killing Richard Glossip  Hit the stage as part of the panel  Blushing beauty! Karrueche Tran shows off feminine style in pleated dress as she joins Claws co-stars at the TNT TCAs Stunning shape  Getting ready for Washington DC! Caitlyn Jenner grabs a coffee as she prepares for her appearance at Donald Trump's inauguration Rocked a knitted top Celebrities come under fire from Trump supporters for 'pathetic' and 'uncool' video singing 'I Will Survive' before the Donald's inauguration Move over sisters! Kendall Jenner steals the Kardashian spotlight with racy HEADLESS bikini selfie that forces followers to check out her body Covered up for a change! Ariel Winter dresses down in casual white tee to take care of morning chores Took a step back from her provocative snaps  GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Harry and Meghan are set to slope off for a romantic break... but poor old William may miss his Alpine adventure with Kate  Knowles... Run The World!  Beyonce and Solange go will compete for Best International Female Solo Artist 2017 BRIT Award Sisters are slaying! Sofia Richie flaunts lace bra and washboard abs in coordinated tracksuit as she attends Moschino Milan fashion show with Paris Hilton Partying up a storm  Victoria's Secret supermodel Karlie Kloss is heading back to Australia as it's announced she will make her runway debut for David Jones So Royals do carry cash - and wear on-trend trainers! Duke of Kent, 81, withdraws wads of notes from an ATM near his Kensington home  Revealed, Lulu's guilty pleasure... HEAVY METAL: Scottish pop icon plans to unleash her inner rock goddess  She's even considered the different career path Kelly Rowland is relaxed in jeans and a sweater as she totes son Titan during lunch outing in Beverly Hills She is set to be a judge on The Voice Australia  How DID photographer Harry Benson get Donald Trump to look like a million dollars and make monkeys out of The Beatles? By being the original... Flash Harry LIZ JONES: Trust me Madonna, Cheryl and Wendi Deng, you'll NEVER find true love with a toy boy  Madonna's new toy boy, , is 32 years her junior. 'I did advise': Brian Blessed warned George Lucas about Jar Jar Binks when filming Phantom Menace... and insists Alec Guinness did not hate Star Wars Mark Hamill reads Donald Trump tweet using The Joker voice in hilarious audio clip after Meryl Streep Golden Globes speech Why so serious, Don? Date night! Ireland Baldwin holds hands with boyfriend Noah Schweizer in West Hollywood while showing off her long legs in mini skirt From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more GADGET REVIEWS Is it really worth paying £280 for the Switch? MailOnline gives its verdict on Nintendo's latest console While the design is impressive and easy to use, the game line up is disappointing. Google's Daydream: The $79 headset that could bring VR to the masses Google's $79 headset is superb in terms of hardware - but is currently let down by a lack of apps. However, it has absolutely huge potential to finally bring VR to the masses. Welcome Home: Google's $130 smart speaker Google's smart Home speaker still has a lot of learning to do, and loses out to Amazon's Echo in some areas - but has incredible potential 'Not quite an iPhone replacement': Google's Pixel phone Google's Pixel handset is good, and boasts an amazing camera and smart assistant. It's the king of the Android handsets - but still not great. Xbox One S review: Console that will make your 4K TV shine Microsoft's Xbox One S has shrunk the giant console by 40%, and is stunningly designed console with 4K HDR capabilities - but comes with some caveats. The $1,000 wireless speaker that really IS worth the price: Naim Mu-so Qb review Naim's incredible Mu-So Qb takes you back to the good old days - where the music captivates and enthralls, rather that simply being something in the background. The hi-tech $2,000 spin bike that really could change your life Peloton's hi-tech bike lets you stream live and on demand rides to your home - and it's one of the best examples of fitness technology out there - at a price. Apple's new 9.7inch iPad Pro is a powerhouse you can take anywhere Apple has added a few improvements to the smaller version, creating a tablet that is astonishingly powerful, but, unlike its big brother, is something you'll be able to carry everywhere. A familiar old friend that could be the perfect starter phone: Dailymail.com's verdict on the iPhone SE The new iPhone SE has a 4inch screen and familiar design - but has had a huge upgrade on the inside, making this a perfect first time iPhone. Speaker that looks as good as its sounds: B&W Zeppelin Wireless review It's not cheap, but the $699 (£500) Zeppelin Wireless is perfect for the design conscious music fan. The iPad grows up: Apple's iPad Pro The iPad Pro is, for many, a real laptop replacement - and a way to combine work and play in a gadget that will last all day and won't break your back to carry. 'A glimpse into the future of the living room': The new Apple TV Apple says apps are the future of TV, and while its new $149 box does have some issues, its combination of streaming services, games and other apps make it the best way to make your TV smart. The best all in one wireless speaker you'll ever hear: Naim Mu-so review It might not be a name familiar to the US market, but Naim is a legendary British brand hoping to make a splash with the American launch of its $1499 Mu:So speaker. From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more Download our iPhone app Download our Android app Next story ISIS is increasingly modifying home drones to drop bombs - and US troops say they now see them in Mosul every DAY 52 comments 2 videos SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Skip to navigation Skip to content Skip to footer View text version of this page Help using this website - Accessibility statement Menu The Age World Subscribe Login Sign-up Become a The Age member today Join today and you can easily save your favourite articles, join in the conversation and comment, plus select which news your want direct to your inbox. Create your account now! Become a The Age member today Join today and you can easily save your favourite articles, join in the conversation and comment, plus select which news your want direct to your inbox. Create your account now! Home News Sport Business Politics World Comment Property Entertainment Lifestyle Travel Cars Tech Video All News Victoria News National Environment Health Education Investigations Galleries Clique Photos Good Weekend NSW News ACT News Queensland WA News Sport AFL Ultimate Footy Cricket Soccer Racing Netball NRL Union Motorsport Basketball Tennis Scores Cycling Golf US Sports Athletics Boxing Swimming Business News & Views Markets Quotes Workplace Consumer Property Innovation Retail Economy CBD Money Small Business World Race to the White House Migrant Crisis Politics Political News Political Opinion Video Cartoons The Pulse Federal Election 2016 Your Vote Electorate Map Comment Letters Editorial Obituaries View from the Street John Birmingham Satire The Zone Entertainment Movies TV & Radio Music Books Art Stage Melbourne Film Festival What's On in Melbourne Video Box Office Lifestyle News & Views Life & Relationships Health & Wellbeing Beauty Fashion Horoscopes Celebrity Home The Optimist Tech News Security Web Culture Innovation Sci-Tech Gadgets Games Smartphone Apps Mobiles IT Pro Video News Sport Business Entertainment Lifestyle Travel Property Cars Food Exec Style Parenting Search Site Home World January 14 2017 Save Print Joshua Kushner thrust into the spotlight Katie Benner facebook SHARE twitter TWEET email google-plus linkedin reddit More Just days after the 2016 presidential election, a young venture capitalist called an emergency staff meeting. Prepare for a storm of publicity, he told one of the start-ups that he had helped found. There would be questions about his political affiliations and loyalties, he said. There would be questions about the survivability of the start-up, a health insurance company named Oscar Health. The world was about to change, he said. Play Video Replay Video Play Video Don't Play Up Next What happens on Inauguration Day Play Video Don't Play Video duration 02:13 More World News Videos Previous slide Next slide Video duration 01:28 Who is Jared Kushner? Who is Jared Kushner? Jared Kushner is President-elect Donald Trump's son-in-law but he's also one of his key confidants. Here's a closer look at the man who is expected to be a senior adviser to the president in Trump's White House. Up Next What happens on Inauguration Day Play Video Don't Play Video duration 02:13 Video duration 02:13 What happens on Inauguration Day What happens on Inauguration Day Set your alarm early Saturday to watch the Donald Trump pledge the oath sworn by all 44 US presidents as part of three days of traditional ceremony. Up Next Nutella maker fights back on palm oil claims Play Video Don't Play Video duration 01:15 Video duration 01:15 Nutella maker fights back on palm oil ... Nutella maker fights back on palm oil claims The multibillion-dollar palm oil industry is under pressure in Europe after authorities listed the edible oil as a cancer risk, has found a vocal ally in the food sector, the maker of Nutella. Up Next Pence considers moving White House press room Play Video Don't Play Video duration 00:54 Video duration 00:54 Pence considers moving White House press ... Pence considers moving White House press room Vice President-elect Mike Pence responds to reports that the incoming Trump administration is thinking about moving the press out of the White House. Up Next Katy Perry's powerful PSA Play Video Don't Play Video duration 01:40 Video duration 01:40 Katy Perry's powerful PSA Katy Perry's powerful PSA Singer Katy Perry's public service announcement compares President-elect Donald Trump's Muslim registry plan to the incarceration of Japanese-Americans during World War II. Up Next Japan introduces 'premium Friday' Play Video Don't Play Video duration 02:40 Video duration 02:40 Japan introduces 'premium Friday' Japan introduces 'premium Friday' The country that coined the word "karoshi," or death by overwork, is looking for ways to give stressed out employees a break. Up Next Threat of arrest looms over Samsung boss Play Video Don't Play Video duration 01:16 Video duration 01:16 Threat of arrest looms over Samsung boss Threat of arrest looms over Samsung boss South Korea's special prosecutor delays until Monday (January 16) a decision on whether to seek a warrant to arrest Samsung Group leader Jay Y. Lee, a suspect in an influence-peddling investigation. Up Next Ringling Bros. circus to close after 146 years Play Video Don't Play Video duration 02:35 Video duration 02:35 Ringling Bros. circus to close after 146 ... Ringling Bros. circus to close after 146 years The Ringling Bros. and Barnum & Bailey Circus will end 'The Greatest Show on Earth' in May, following a 146-year run. More videos Who is Jared Kushner? Jared Kushner is President-elect Donald Trump's son-in-law but he's also one of his key confidants. Here's a closer look at the man who is expected to be a senior adviser to the president in Trump's White House. The venture capitalist was Joshua Kushner, whose older brother is Jared Kushner — the husband of Ivanka Trump and one of President-elect Donald J. Trump's closest confidants. And that meeting at Oscar Health was just the beginning of a new and unsettling chapter for the younger Mr Kushner. At 31, Joshua Kushner has built his technology investment firm — Thrive Capital, which has financed the photo-sharing app Instagram and the e-commerce company Jet.com, among others — largely behind the scenes, keeping his head down while pursuing deals. But with his older brother's rising profile and growing role in the incoming administration, Mr Kushner is now getting caught up in the scrutiny. Two of his worlds are colliding. Related Content Trump on dicey ground with choice of son-in-law for top job Trump's son-in-law, Jared Kushner, to join White House as a senior adviser In the weeks after the election, Mr Kushner has grappled with many questions over Oscar Health. The company, which is one of Mr Kushner's most prominent investments, sells health insurance to individuals under President Obama's Affordable Care Act. That is a law that Jared Kushner is uniquely positioned to influence now that he is a senior adviser to the president-elect, which puts his younger brother and the start-up in an awkward position. At the same time, Joshua Kushner has had to deal with queries from investors in his venture capital funds who have asked him how Mr Trump's ascension would affect his work. Some wondered whether he would join the White House. Others worried that the presidential circus would be a distraction, especially since ties with his brother might make it difficult to maintain a distance. Advertisement Mr Kushner has had to reassure investors that he remains committed to Thrive, which is based in New York and has amassed nearly $US1.5 billion ($2 billion) from wealthy individuals, foundations and the endowments of universities like Princeton, Harvard and Yale. (Oscar Health was founded in the offices of Thrive.) For some money managers, even a loose connection to an incoming president could open doors that might otherwise be closed, but Mr Kushner has told his investors that he is determined to avoid involvement in politics. "Josh doesn't want a public profile," said Darren Walker, the president of the Ford Foundation, which is an investor in Thrive. "He assured us that he would remain focused on Thrive." SHARE Share on Facebook SHARE Share on Twitter TWEET Pin to Pinterest PIN Link Joshua Kushner, and his girlfriend, the model Karlie Kloss.  Photo: The New York Times So far, Mr Kushner has largely succeeded in taking a different path from the rest of his family. While Jared and one of their sisters, Nicole, went into the family business, real estate, Joshua broke from that mold by founding technology start-ups and then getting into venture capital. To date, money from Mr Kushner's immediate family members represents less than $US5 million of his venture funds. Jared is now divesting his shares in Thrive because of his move into the White House. The Trump family has not invested. SHARE Share on Facebook SHARE Share on Twitter TWEET Pin to Pinterest PIN Link Steve Bannon, chief strategist for President-elect Donald Trump, left, talks with Jared Kushner. Photo: AP That is not to say that Joshua Kushner is not close with his family. He is tight with his parents and two sisters, as well as with Jared (who is four years his senior) and with Ms Trump, whom he refers to as his sister, not his in-law. While the brothers are known by friends and colleagues as ambitious workaholics with ties to power brokers on both coasts, in many ways their paths have diverged. Jared Kushner has emerged as an increasingly public figure since becoming the face of the family's real estate firm, Kushner Companies, and buying the publisher Observer Media. That company's newspaper, The New York Observer, has mythologised the city's media, real estate and political power brokers for a generation of New Yorkers. Jared is also often photographed at society events with Ms Trump, and is now frequently seen in the background of meetings with the president-elect. SHARE Share on Facebook SHARE Share on Twitter TWEET Pin to Pinterest PIN Link Donald Trump arrives to speak to an election night rally with his family and third wife, Melania. Jared Kushner is third from right. Photo: AP But Joshua Kushner has maintained a lower profile. While he has dated the model Karlie Kloss for four years, he is rarely seen out with her. He does not party or drink. Unlike most venture capitalists, Mr Kushner also does not blog, and he posts to Twitter infrequently. "Most moguls love to name-drop and tell you about their vacations and appeal to you with how celestial their orbit is, but that's not Josh," said Patrick Collison, the chief executive of Stripe, a mobile payments start-up in San Francisco that Mr Kushner has invested in. SHARE Share on Facebook SHARE Share on Twitter TWEET Pin to Pinterest PIN Link Jared Kushner and his wife Ivanka Trump.  Photo: Dimitrios Kambouris Mr Kushner declined to speak on the record for this article, and a spokesman for Mr Trump declined to comment. In an interview, Ms Trump said that "Jared and Josh have a very special relationship defined by tremendous love, admiration and mutual respect." She declined to talk about politics. An investor's roots Joshua Kushner grew up in New Jersey, where his grandparents, Holocaust survivors who immigrated from Europe in 1949, had built apartments. Their properties turned into a $US1 billion apartment development business under his father, Charles, who was sentenced to two years in prison in 2005 for making illegal campaign donations, witness tampering and tax evasion. Jared later expanded the family business and bought luxury office properties in Manhattan. SHARE Share on Facebook SHARE Share on Twitter TWEET Pin to Pinterest PIN Link Donald Trump, with wife Melania, daughter Ivanka her husband Jared Kushner. Photo: AP Mr Kushner and his siblings grew up spending nights and weekends at work with their father, visiting properties, looking at financial data and sometimes skipping school to attend business meetings. In 2004, Mr Kushner was accepted to Harvard, which Jared had also attended. At Harvard, Mr Kushner roomed with Alexander Blankfein, the son of the chief executive of Goldman Sachs, Lloyd Blankfein. His circle also included Alexander de Carvalho, an heir to the Heineken beer fortune. Mr Kushner dipped into media when he became the executive editor of a short-lived society magazine for Harvard students called Scene, which was founded by the children of Citigroup and Lehman Brothers executives. During the summers, Mr Kushner interned at Goldman's real estate banking division and at the real estate giants Vornado and SL Green with an eye toward working in the industry. But in his junior year of college, he started a company, Vostu, that made video games for social media networks like Facebook. He founded Vostu with two classmates, including Mario Schlosser, who is now the chief executive of Oscar Health. Mr Kushner graduated in 2008. The next year, he became a founder of a nonprofit start-up called Unithrive, which helped Harvard students secure loans from alumni. "Josh stepped away from the family business," said Ryan WilliaMs, a Harvard classmate who now runs Cadre, a real estate start-up that lets wealthy individuals buy pieces of commercial property developments. The company was started in the offices of Thrive. Neither Vostu nor Unithrive was a runaway success. Vostu has since laid off most of its employees, and Unithrive is defunct. So, using money generated from Vostu, Mr Kushner turned away from founding businesses and began investing in them instead, beginning with small investments in companies like the crowdfunding site Kickstarter. His investments caught the attention of others in the tech industry, including Joel Cutler, a venture capitalist at General Catalyst. "Josh had been able to get into investment pools with the best and smartest in the industry," Mr Cutler said. "I encouraged him to start a firm." In 2010, while at Harvard Business School, Mr Kushner started Thrive. He was 25. In an interview in 2011, while juggling business school with working at Vostu and meeting with start-ups, Mr Kushner said his job as an investor was to look for new ideas that could change industries through technology. "Any market yet to be disrupted by modern technology will be at some point in time," he said. Mr Kushner said that he would not be content to simply invest in companies, and that he wanted to nurture some from scratch hiMself. "Being satisfied is not a good thing," he said. Personal connections Mr Kushner set about building Thrive in a methodical way, drawing on his constellation of connections. His mentors include Fred Wilson, a venture capitalist in New York best known for investing in Twitter, and Jon Winkelried, a co-chief executive of the private equity firm TPG. Mr Kushner also befriended Twitter's chief executive, Jack Dorsey. Peter Thiel, a member of Mr Trump's presidential team, a co-founder of PayPal and an early investor in Facebook, was also an early Thrive investor and supporter. Aryeh Bourkoff, the founder of LionTree, a merchant bank that specializes in tech and media deals, said he was impressed by Mr Kushner's focus when the young investor spoke at an event Mr Bourkoff held in 2011. Mr Kushner argued before a roomful of media executives that online video would create more upheaval than the cable industry anticipated. Many in the room disagreed with that idea at the time but said he made a compelling case. By the spring of 2012, Mr Kushner had scored his first investment hit. He had become friends with a Silicon Valley entrepreneur named Kevin Systrom, who had started Instagram. Mr Systrom said he had met Mr Kushner long before he was thinking about raising large suMs of money for the app, and the two had stayed in touch. That year, Mr Systrom let Mr Kushner invest in Instagram alongside the prestigious venture capital firMs Sequoia Capital and Greylock Partners, illustrating how much personal connections matter. The funding pegged Instagram's valuation at $US500 million. Three days later, Facebook bought Instagram for $US1 billion and Mr Kushner instantly doubled his money. Mr Systrom and Mr Kushner have remained close. When the Instagram chief married at a Napa Valley winery in late 2015, Mr Kushner attended with Ms Kloss. Mr Kushner has developed a reputation among entrepreneurs for an eye for detail. When he was considering investing in Zola, a wedding registry company founded by Shan-Lyn Ma and Kevin Ryan, Mr Kushner and his team put together their own study of the wedding registry market and what was missing. "Most other investors I met with said that they'd asked their wives or girlfriends about whether they'd use Zola," Ms Ma said. "That was generally their only data point." Thrive led a $US5.85 million investment in Zola in 2013. Since then, the company has raised more than $US40 million. Thrive's other investment successes include Twitch, a live-streaming video site for gamers that Amazon.com bought for $US970 million, and the e-commerce site Jet.com, which Walmart agreed to acquire for $US3 billion. Thrive also owns stakes in hot start-ups like the workplace messaging company Slack and the streaming music service Spotify, each of which are valued at billions of dollars. Not all of Mr Kushner's investments have worked out. It can take a decade or more to determine whether a private company becomes the next Facebook, a failure or something in between. While Instagram was a rare overnight success story for investors, Mr Kushner has also invested in flops such as Fab.com, a high-profile online retail company that went bust and was later purchased by a manufacturing company in a fire sale. Oscar Health, too, has not been a smooth ride. Even before Mr Trump's election and the uncertain state of the Affordable Care Act, the health insurance start-up had been criticised for its hundreds of millions of dollars in losses and executive departures. The company has raised about $US400 million at a $US2.7 billion valuation, with investors including Goldman Sachs, multi-billionaire Li Ka-shing, and Ping An Insurance, a Chinese company with ties to former Prime Minister Wen Jiabao. Oscar Health has scaled back parts of its business, saying it will no longer sell insurance to individuals in Dallas and New Jersey. The company plans to sell insurance to corporations. In November, Mr Kushner took the unusual step of publicly defending Oscar Health by writing a blog post with the company's chief executive, Mr Schlosser. While they did not take a position on Mr Trump's criticisMs of the Affordable Care Act, they said both political parties had failed to fix flaws in the health care law. They hoped a Republican Congress would do better, they added. No matter the outcome, they wrote, "we're in this for the long haul." It is unclear if Joshua and Jared Kushner have discussed how a health care overhaul could affect Oscar Health. Representatives of the brothers declined to comment on any conversations they have had about the company. Mr Kushner's work is not totally separate from his family's. Thrive's offices are in the NoLIta neighbourhood of Manhattan, in the historic Puck Building, which is owned by Kushner Companies. Some start-ups that Thrive has incubated, including Cadre and Oscar, are housed there, too. The brothers have also made investments together. They founded Cadre with Mr Williams, invested in it and are advisers to the company. A Neutral Stance Even outside of work, Mr Kushner is earnest about his pursuits. At his 30th birthday celebration in 2015 at the Brush Creek Ranch, a luxury dude ranch in Saratoga, Wyoming, where rooMs start at around $US800 a night, Mr Kushner talked about goals and values, attendees said. Mr Kushner has not been vocal about his political beliefs. Over the years, he has donated about $US100,000 to Democratic candidates and causes. Federal Election Commission data shows he has been giving to the Democratic Party since 1999, when he financially supported Bill Bradley and, later, Al Gore for president. He made his last donations in 2014. Over the 2016 presidential election cycle, Mr Kushner kept quiet as his brother and Ms Trump became some of Mr Trump's most powerful strategists and surrogates on the campaign trail. In August, Esquire reported that Joshua Kushner was a lifelong Democrat and would not vote for Mr Trump. A spokesman for Mr Kushner said he is a registered independent. In November, Ms Kloss posed in a photograph on Instagram voting for Hillary Clinton. "People who are different from you, you can learn something from them," Mr Kushner said in the 2011 interview. "At least, I think I can." The New York Times Related Content The daunting task of bringing order to White House's rival centres of gravity Trump insider Jared Kushner chases a massive Chinese deal for family firm Advertisement Most Popular Donald Trump warned over Jerusalem embassy move Trump dumps top officials in purge without precedent CIA director tells Donald Trump to watch his words Duterte gives green light for bombing of kidnappers and their captives Little humanity in Europe for refugees stuck out in cold Follow Fairfax Foreign Share on FacebookFacebook Share on TwitterTwitter Follow The Age Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on EmailNewsletters Advertisement Most Viewed Today Previous slide Next slide World Trump dumps top officials in purge without precedent Donald Trump warned over Jerusalem embassy move Duterte gives green light for bombing of kidnappers and their captives Little humanity in Europe for refugees stuck out in cold 'Momma is no felon': torment of woman snatched as a child The Age Trump dumps top officials in purge without precedent Abbott slapped down as Turnbull opts for 'minimalist' reshuffle Shannon Noll arrested outside Crazy Horse strip club in Adelaide Police ecstasy warning after 20 overdose near Chapel Street Melbourne set to serve up a scorcher for Day Two of the tennis The Sydney Morning Herald Just stop with the misogyny onslaught that is Jacketgate Trump dumps top officials in purge without precedent Figure Eight Pools still popular despite warnings Lululemon props up struggling Aussie arm Canine crisis: Thousands of Sydney residents at war over barking mad dog disputes Brisbane Times Brisbane's new airport runway emerges from the sand Severe storms bring heavy rain to south-east QLD Trump dumps top officials in purge without precedent Abbott slapped down as Turnbull opts for 'minimalist' reshuffle Man and dog floated all night on jet-ski Canberra Times Trump dumps top officials in purge without precedent Mauled tenant's lawsuit against 'preventable' attack Just stop with the misogyny onslaught that is Jacketgate Canberra Airport pushes for fifth Singapore Airlines service Abbott slapped down as Turnbull opts for 'minimalist' reshuffle WA Today Top 8 WA areas to buy property in 2017 Perth pair wanted for holding a car and pet dog ransom Hillarys dog attack prompts calls for new horse beach Just stop with the misogyny onslaught that is Jacketgate Actor Vince Colosimo to face court on alleged drug possession Get Started Subscribe today for unlimited access from only 50c a day The Age Share via Email Share on Facebook Share on Google Plus Share on Twitter RSS Feed Products and Services AM Edition PM Edition The AGE for iPad Today's Paper Subscribe Manage My Subscription Subscriber Hub Corporate Subscriptions Digital Subscription FAQs Good Food Guide The Store by Fairfax Newsletters The Age Sitemap About Us Contact Us Subscribers Advertise With Us Text Version Site Accessibility Guide Classifieds Place an Ad Cars Dating Jobs Real Estate Commercial Real Estate Oneflare Nabo Tributes Celebrations Our Sites SMH The Age AFR.com Adzuna Domain Drive RSVP Essential Baby Home Price Guide Weatherzone Fairfax Media Member Centre News Store Archive Fairfax Syndication Careers Events Press Council Copyright © 2017Fairfax Media Website Feedback Info Save articles for later. Ok, Got it Info Subscribe for unlimited access to news. Login to save articles. Ok, Got it Info Return to the homepage by clicking on the site logo. Ok, Got it
Skip to navigation Skip to content Skip to footer View text version of this page Help using this website - Accessibility statement Menu The Age World Subscribe Login Sign-up Become a The Age member today Join today and you can easily save your favourite articles, join in the conversation and comment, plus select which news your want direct to your inbox. Create your account now! Become a The Age member today Join today and you can easily save your favourite articles, join in the conversation and comment, plus select which news your want direct to your inbox. Create your account now! Home News Sport Business Politics World Comment Property Entertainment Lifestyle Travel Cars Tech Video All News Victoria News National Environment Health Education Investigations Galleries Clique Photos Good Weekend NSW News ACT News Queensland WA News Sport AFL Ultimate Footy Cricket Soccer Racing Netball NRL Union Motorsport Basketball Tennis Scores Cycling Golf US Sports Athletics Boxing Swimming Business News & Views Markets Quotes Workplace Consumer Property Innovation Retail Economy CBD Money Small Business World Race to the White House Migrant Crisis Politics Political News Political Opinion Video Cartoons The Pulse Federal Election 2016 Your Vote Electorate Map Comment Letters Editorial Obituaries View from the Street John Birmingham Satire The Zone Entertainment Movies TV & Radio Music Books Art Stage Melbourne Film Festival What's On in Melbourne Video Box Office Lifestyle News & Views Life & Relationships Health & Wellbeing Beauty Fashion Horoscopes Celebrity Home The Optimist Tech News Security Web Culture Innovation Sci-Tech Gadgets Games Smartphone Apps Mobiles IT Pro Video News Sport Business Entertainment Lifestyle Travel Property Cars Food Exec Style Parenting Search Site Home World January 14 2017 Save Print Joshua Kushner thrust into the spotlight Katie Benner facebook SHARE twitter TWEET email google-plus linkedin reddit More Just days after the 2016 presidential election, a young venture capitalist called an emergency staff meeting. Prepare for a storm of publicity, he told one of the start-ups that he had helped found. There would be questions about his political affiliations and loyalties, he said. There would be questions about the survivability of the start-up, a health insurance company named Oscar Health. The world was about to change, he said. Play Video Replay Video Play Video Don't Play Up Next What happens on Inauguration Day Play Video Don't Play Video duration 02:13 More World News Videos Previous slide Next slide Video duration 01:28 Who is Jared Kushner? Who is Jared Kushner? Jared Kushner is President-elect Donald Trump's son-in-law but he's also one of his key confidants. Here's a closer look at the man who is expected to be a senior adviser to the president in Trump's White House. Up Next What happens on Inauguration Day Play Video Don't Play Video duration 02:13 Video duration 02:13 What happens on Inauguration Day What happens on Inauguration Day Set your alarm early Saturday to watch the Donald Trump pledge the oath sworn by all 44 US presidents as part of three days of traditional ceremony. Up Next Nutella maker fights back on palm oil claims Play Video Don't Play Video duration 01:15 Video duration 01:15 Nutella maker fights back on palm oil ... Nutella maker fights back on palm oil claims The multibillion-dollar palm oil industry is under pressure in Europe after authorities listed the edible oil as a cancer risk, has found a vocal ally in the food sector, the maker of Nutella. Up Next Pence considers moving White House press room Play Video Don't Play Video duration 00:54 Video duration 00:54 Pence considers moving White House press ... Pence considers moving White House press room Vice President-elect Mike Pence responds to reports that the incoming Trump administration is thinking about moving the press out of the White House. Up Next Katy Perry's powerful PSA Play Video Don't Play Video duration 01:40 Video duration 01:40 Katy Perry's powerful PSA Katy Perry's powerful PSA Singer Katy Perry's public service announcement compares President-elect Donald Trump's Muslim registry plan to the incarceration of Japanese-Americans during World War II. Up Next Japan introduces 'premium Friday' Play Video Don't Play Video duration 02:40 Video duration 02:40 Japan introduces 'premium Friday' Japan introduces 'premium Friday' The country that coined the word "karoshi," or death by overwork, is looking for ways to give stressed out employees a break. Up Next Threat of arrest looms over Samsung boss Play Video Don't Play Video duration 01:16 Video duration 01:16 Threat of arrest looms over Samsung boss Threat of arrest looms over Samsung boss South Korea's special prosecutor delays until Monday (January 16) a decision on whether to seek a warrant to arrest Samsung Group leader Jay Y. Lee, a suspect in an influence-peddling investigation. Up Next Ringling Bros. circus to close after 146 years Play Video Don't Play Video duration 02:35 Video duration 02:35 Ringling Bros. circus to close after 146 ... Ringling Bros. circus to close after 146 years The Ringling Bros. and Barnum & Bailey Circus will end 'The Greatest Show on Earth' in May, following a 146-year run. More videos Who is Jared Kushner? Jared Kushner is President-elect Donald Trump's son-in-law but he's also one of his key confidants. Here's a closer look at the man who is expected to be a senior adviser to the president in Trump's White House. The venture capitalist was Joshua Kushner, whose older brother is Jared Kushner — the husband of Ivanka Trump and one of President-elect Donald J. Trump's closest confidants. And that meeting at Oscar Health was just the beginning of a new and unsettling chapter for the younger Mr Kushner. At 31, Joshua Kushner has built his technology investment firm — Thrive Capital, which has financed the photo-sharing app Instagram and the e-commerce company Jet.com, among others — largely behind the scenes, keeping his head down while pursuing deals. But with his older brother's rising profile and growing role in the incoming administration, Mr Kushner is now getting caught up in the scrutiny. Two of his worlds are colliding. Related Content Trump on dicey ground with choice of son-in-law for top job Trump's son-in-law, Jared Kushner, to join White House as a senior adviser In the weeks after the election, Mr Kushner has grappled with many questions over Oscar Health. The company, which is one of Mr Kushner's most prominent investments, sells health insurance to individuals under President Obama's Affordable Care Act. That is a law that Jared Kushner is uniquely positioned to influence now that he is a senior adviser to the president-elect, which puts his younger brother and the start-up in an awkward position. At the same time, Joshua Kushner has had to deal with queries from investors in his venture capital funds who have asked him how Mr Trump's ascension would affect his work. Some wondered whether he would join the White House. Others worried that the presidential circus would be a distraction, especially since ties with his brother might make it difficult to maintain a distance. Advertisement Mr Kushner has had to reassure investors that he remains committed to Thrive, which is based in New York and has amassed nearly $US1.5 billion ($2 billion) from wealthy individuals, foundations and the endowments of universities like Princeton, Harvard and Yale. (Oscar Health was founded in the offices of Thrive.) For some money managers, even a loose connection to an incoming president could open doors that might otherwise be closed, but Mr Kushner has told his investors that he is determined to avoid involvement in politics. "Josh doesn't want a public profile," said Darren Walker, the president of the Ford Foundation, which is an investor in Thrive. "He assured us that he would remain focused on Thrive." SHARE Share on Facebook SHARE Share on Twitter TWEET Pin to Pinterest PIN Link Joshua Kushner, and his girlfriend, the model Karlie Kloss.  Photo: The New York Times So far, Mr Kushner has largely succeeded in taking a different path from the rest of his family. While Jared and one of their sisters, Nicole, went into the family business, real estate, Joshua broke from that mold by founding technology start-ups and then getting into venture capital. To date, money from Mr Kushner's immediate family members represents less than $US5 million of his venture funds. Jared is now divesting his shares in Thrive because of his move into the White House. The Trump family has not invested. SHARE Share on Facebook SHARE Share on Twitter TWEET Pin to Pinterest PIN Link Steve Bannon, chief strategist for President-elect Donald Trump, left, talks with Jared Kushner. Photo: AP That is not to say that Joshua Kushner is not close with his family. He is tight with his parents and two sisters, as well as with Jared (who is four years his senior) and with Ms Trump, whom he refers to as his sister, not his in-law. While the brothers are known by friends and colleagues as ambitious workaholics with ties to power brokers on both coasts, in many ways their paths have diverged. Jared Kushner has emerged as an increasingly public figure since becoming the face of the family's real estate firm, Kushner Companies, and buying the publisher Observer Media. That company's newspaper, The New York Observer, has mythologised the city's media, real estate and political power brokers for a generation of New Yorkers. Jared is also often photographed at society events with Ms Trump, and is now frequently seen in the background of meetings with the president-elect. SHARE Share on Facebook SHARE Share on Twitter TWEET Pin to Pinterest PIN Link Donald Trump arrives to speak to an election night rally with his family and third wife, Melania. Jared Kushner is third from right. Photo: AP But Joshua Kushner has maintained a lower profile. While he has dated the model Karlie Kloss for four years, he is rarely seen out with her. He does not party or drink. Unlike most venture capitalists, Mr Kushner also does not blog, and he posts to Twitter infrequently. "Most moguls love to name-drop and tell you about their vacations and appeal to you with how celestial their orbit is, but that's not Josh," said Patrick Collison, the chief executive of Stripe, a mobile payments start-up in San Francisco that Mr Kushner has invested in. SHARE Share on Facebook SHARE Share on Twitter TWEET Pin to Pinterest PIN Link Jared Kushner and his wife Ivanka Trump.  Photo: Dimitrios Kambouris Mr Kushner declined to speak on the record for this article, and a spokesman for Mr Trump declined to comment. In an interview, Ms Trump said that "Jared and Josh have a very special relationship defined by tremendous love, admiration and mutual respect." She declined to talk about politics. An investor's roots Joshua Kushner grew up in New Jersey, where his grandparents, Holocaust survivors who immigrated from Europe in 1949, had built apartments. Their properties turned into a $US1 billion apartment development business under his father, Charles, who was sentenced to two years in prison in 2005 for making illegal campaign donations, witness tampering and tax evasion. Jared later expanded the family business and bought luxury office properties in Manhattan. SHARE Share on Facebook SHARE Share on Twitter TWEET Pin to Pinterest PIN Link Donald Trump, with wife Melania, daughter Ivanka her husband Jared Kushner. Photo: AP Mr Kushner and his siblings grew up spending nights and weekends at work with their father, visiting properties, looking at financial data and sometimes skipping school to attend business meetings. In 2004, Mr Kushner was accepted to Harvard, which Jared had also attended. At Harvard, Mr Kushner roomed with Alexander Blankfein, the son of the chief executive of Goldman Sachs, Lloyd Blankfein. His circle also included Alexander de Carvalho, an heir to the Heineken beer fortune. Mr Kushner dipped into media when he became the executive editor of a short-lived society magazine for Harvard students called Scene, which was founded by the children of Citigroup and Lehman Brothers executives. During the summers, Mr Kushner interned at Goldman's real estate banking division and at the real estate giants Vornado and SL Green with an eye toward working in the industry. But in his junior year of college, he started a company, Vostu, that made video games for social media networks like Facebook. He founded Vostu with two classmates, including Mario Schlosser, who is now the chief executive of Oscar Health. Mr Kushner graduated in 2008. The next year, he became a founder of a nonprofit start-up called Unithrive, which helped Harvard students secure loans from alumni. "Josh stepped away from the family business," said Ryan WilliaMs, a Harvard classmate who now runs Cadre, a real estate start-up that lets wealthy individuals buy pieces of commercial property developments. The company was started in the offices of Thrive. Neither Vostu nor Unithrive was a runaway success. Vostu has since laid off most of its employees, and Unithrive is defunct. So, using money generated from Vostu, Mr Kushner turned away from founding businesses and began investing in them instead, beginning with small investments in companies like the crowdfunding site Kickstarter. His investments caught the attention of others in the tech industry, including Joel Cutler, a venture capitalist at General Catalyst. "Josh had been able to get into investment pools with the best and smartest in the industry," Mr Cutler said. "I encouraged him to start a firm." In 2010, while at Harvard Business School, Mr Kushner started Thrive. He was 25. In an interview in 2011, while juggling business school with working at Vostu and meeting with start-ups, Mr Kushner said his job as an investor was to look for new ideas that could change industries through technology. "Any market yet to be disrupted by modern technology will be at some point in time," he said. Mr Kushner said that he would not be content to simply invest in companies, and that he wanted to nurture some from scratch hiMself. "Being satisfied is not a good thing," he said. Personal connections Mr Kushner set about building Thrive in a methodical way, drawing on his constellation of connections. His mentors include Fred Wilson, a venture capitalist in New York best known for investing in Twitter, and Jon Winkelried, a co-chief executive of the private equity firm TPG. Mr Kushner also befriended Twitter's chief executive, Jack Dorsey. Peter Thiel, a member of Mr Trump's presidential team, a co-founder of PayPal and an early investor in Facebook, was also an early Thrive investor and supporter. Aryeh Bourkoff, the founder of LionTree, a merchant bank that specializes in tech and media deals, said he was impressed by Mr Kushner's focus when the young investor spoke at an event Mr Bourkoff held in 2011. Mr Kushner argued before a roomful of media executives that online video would create more upheaval than the cable industry anticipated. Many in the room disagreed with that idea at the time but said he made a compelling case. By the spring of 2012, Mr Kushner had scored his first investment hit. He had become friends with a Silicon Valley entrepreneur named Kevin Systrom, who had started Instagram. Mr Systrom said he had met Mr Kushner long before he was thinking about raising large suMs of money for the app, and the two had stayed in touch. That year, Mr Systrom let Mr Kushner invest in Instagram alongside the prestigious venture capital firMs Sequoia Capital and Greylock Partners, illustrating how much personal connections matter. The funding pegged Instagram's valuation at $US500 million. Three days later, Facebook bought Instagram for $US1 billion and Mr Kushner instantly doubled his money. Mr Systrom and Mr Kushner have remained close. When the Instagram chief married at a Napa Valley winery in late 2015, Mr Kushner attended with Ms Kloss. Mr Kushner has developed a reputation among entrepreneurs for an eye for detail. When he was considering investing in Zola, a wedding registry company founded by Shan-Lyn Ma and Kevin Ryan, Mr Kushner and his team put together their own study of the wedding registry market and what was missing. "Most other investors I met with said that they'd asked their wives or girlfriends about whether they'd use Zola," Ms Ma said. "That was generally their only data point." Thrive led a $US5.85 million investment in Zola in 2013. Since then, the company has raised more than $US40 million. Thrive's other investment successes include Twitch, a live-streaming video site for gamers that Amazon.com bought for $US970 million, and the e-commerce site Jet.com, which Walmart agreed to acquire for $US3 billion. Thrive also owns stakes in hot start-ups like the workplace messaging company Slack and the streaming music service Spotify, each of which are valued at billions of dollars. Not all of Mr Kushner's investments have worked out. It can take a decade or more to determine whether a private company becomes the next Facebook, a failure or something in between. While Instagram was a rare overnight success story for investors, Mr Kushner has also invested in flops such as Fab.com, a high-profile online retail company that went bust and was later purchased by a manufacturing company in a fire sale. Oscar Health, too, has not been a smooth ride. Even before Mr Trump's election and the uncertain state of the Affordable Care Act, the health insurance start-up had been criticised for its hundreds of millions of dollars in losses and executive departures. The company has raised about $US400 million at a $US2.7 billion valuation, with investors including Goldman Sachs, multi-billionaire Li Ka-shing, and Ping An Insurance, a Chinese company with ties to former Prime Minister Wen Jiabao. Oscar Health has scaled back parts of its business, saying it will no longer sell insurance to individuals in Dallas and New Jersey. The company plans to sell insurance to corporations. In November, Mr Kushner took the unusual step of publicly defending Oscar Health by writing a blog post with the company's chief executive, Mr Schlosser. While they did not take a position on Mr Trump's criticisMs of the Affordable Care Act, they said both political parties had failed to fix flaws in the health care law. They hoped a Republican Congress would do better, they added. No matter the outcome, they wrote, "we're in this for the long haul." It is unclear if Joshua and Jared Kushner have discussed how a health care overhaul could affect Oscar Health. Representatives of the brothers declined to comment on any conversations they have had about the company. Mr Kushner's work is not totally separate from his family's. Thrive's offices are in the NoLIta neighbourhood of Manhattan, in the historic Puck Building, which is owned by Kushner Companies. Some start-ups that Thrive has incubated, including Cadre and Oscar, are housed there, too. The brothers have also made investments together. They founded Cadre with Mr Williams, invested in it and are advisers to the company. A Neutral Stance Even outside of work, Mr Kushner is earnest about his pursuits. At his 30th birthday celebration in 2015 at the Brush Creek Ranch, a luxury dude ranch in Saratoga, Wyoming, where rooMs start at around $US800 a night, Mr Kushner talked about goals and values, attendees said. Mr Kushner has not been vocal about his political beliefs. Over the years, he has donated about $US100,000 to Democratic candidates and causes. Federal Election Commission data shows he has been giving to the Democratic Party since 1999, when he financially supported Bill Bradley and, later, Al Gore for president. He made his last donations in 2014. Over the 2016 presidential election cycle, Mr Kushner kept quiet as his brother and Ms Trump became some of Mr Trump's most powerful strategists and surrogates on the campaign trail. In August, Esquire reported that Joshua Kushner was a lifelong Democrat and would not vote for Mr Trump. A spokesman for Mr Kushner said he is a registered independent. In November, Ms Kloss posed in a photograph on Instagram voting for Hillary Clinton. "People who are different from you, you can learn something from them," Mr Kushner said in the 2011 interview. "At least, I think I can." The New York Times Related Content The daunting task of bringing order to White House's rival centres of gravity Trump insider Jared Kushner chases a massive Chinese deal for family firm Advertisement Most Popular Donald Trump warned over Jerusalem embassy move Trump dumps top officials in purge without precedent CIA director tells Donald Trump to watch his words Duterte gives green light for bombing of kidnappers and their captives Little humanity in Europe for refugees stuck out in cold Follow Fairfax Foreign Share on FacebookFacebook Share on TwitterTwitter Follow The Age Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on EmailNewsletters Advertisement Most Viewed Today Previous slide Next slide World Trump dumps top officials in purge without precedent Donald Trump warned over Jerusalem embassy move Duterte gives green light for bombing of kidnappers and their captives Little humanity in Europe for refugees stuck out in cold 'Momma is no felon': torment of woman snatched as a child The Age Trump dumps top officials in purge without precedent Abbott slapped down as Turnbull opts for 'minimalist' reshuffle Shannon Noll arrested outside Crazy Horse strip club in Adelaide Police ecstasy warning after 20 overdose near Chapel Street Melbourne set to serve up a scorcher for Day Two of the tennis The Sydney Morning Herald Just stop with the misogyny onslaught that is Jacketgate Trump dumps top officials in purge without precedent Figure Eight Pools still popular despite warnings Lululemon props up struggling Aussie arm Canine crisis: Thousands of Sydney residents at war over barking mad dog disputes Brisbane Times Brisbane's new airport runway emerges from the sand Severe storms bring heavy rain to south-east QLD Trump dumps top officials in purge without precedent Abbott slapped down as Turnbull opts for 'minimalist' reshuffle Man and dog floated all night on jet-ski Canberra Times Trump dumps top officials in purge without precedent Mauled tenant's lawsuit against 'preventable' attack Just stop with the misogyny onslaught that is Jacketgate Canberra Airport pushes for fifth Singapore Airlines service Abbott slapped down as Turnbull opts for 'minimalist' reshuffle WA Today Top 8 WA areas to buy property in 2017 Perth pair wanted for holding a car and pet dog ransom Hillarys dog attack prompts calls for new horse beach Just stop with the misogyny onslaught that is Jacketgate Actor Vince Colosimo to face court on alleged drug possession Get Started Subscribe today for unlimited access from only 50c a day The Age Share via Email Share on Facebook Share on Google Plus Share on Twitter RSS Feed Products and Services AM Edition PM Edition The AGE for iPad Today's Paper Subscribe Manage My Subscription Subscriber Hub Corporate Subscriptions Digital Subscription FAQs Good Food Guide The Store by Fairfax Newsletters The Age Sitemap About Us Contact Us Subscribers Advertise With Us Text Version Site Accessibility Guide Classifieds Place an Ad Cars Dating Jobs Real Estate Commercial Real Estate Oneflare Nabo Tributes Celebrations Our Sites SMH The Age AFR.com Adzuna Domain Drive RSVP Essential Baby Home Price Guide Weatherzone Fairfax Media Member Centre News Store Archive Fairfax Syndication Careers Events Press Council Copyright © 2017Fairfax Media Website Feedback Info Save articles for later. Ok, Got it Info Subscribe for unlimited access to news. Login to save articles. Ok, Got it Info Return to the homepage by clicking on the site logo. Ok, Got it
Skip to navigation Skip to content Skip to footer View text version of this page Help using this website - Accessibility statement Menu The Sydney Morning Herald News site of the year World Subscribe Login Sign-up Become a SMH member today! Join today and you can easily save your favourite articles, join in the conversation and comment, plus select which news your want direct to your inbox. Create account now! Become a SMH member today! Join today and you can easily save your favourite articles, join in the conversation and comment, plus select which news your want direct to your inbox. Create account now! Home News Sport Business World Politics Comment Property Entertainment Lifestyle Travel Cars Tech Video All News NSW News National Environment Health Education Investigations Good Weekend Galleries Clique Photos Victoria News Queensland ACT News WA News Sport NRL Union AFL Football Cricket Racing Motorsport Basketball Netball Cycling Tennis Scores Golf US Sports Athletics Swimming Boxing Sailing Business News & Views Markets Quotes Workplace Consumer Property Innovation Retail Economy CBD Money Small Business World Race to the White House Migrant Crisis Politics Political News Political Opinion Video Cartoons The Pulse Federal Election 2016 Your Vote Electorate Map Comment Letters Editorials Column 8 Obituaries Peter Hartcher Ross Gittins Jessica Irvine John Birmingham Satire Entertainment Movies TV & Radio Music Books Art Stage What's On in Sydney Video Shop Art Lifestyle News & Views Life & Relationships Health & Wellbeing Beauty Fashion Horoscopes Celebrity Home The Optimist Tech News Security Web Culture Innovation Sci-Tech Gadgets Games Smartphone Apps Mobiles IT Pro Video News Sport Business Entertainment Lifestyle Travel Property Cars Food Exec Style Parenting Search Site Home World January 14 2017 Save Print Joshua Kushner thrust into the spotlight Katie Benner facebook SHARE twitter TWEET email google-plus linkedin reddit More Just days after the 2016 presidential election, a young venture capitalist called an emergency staff meeting. Prepare for a storm of publicity, he told one of the start-ups that he had helped found. There would be questions about his political affiliations and loyalties, he said. There would be questions about the survivability of the start-up, a health insurance company named Oscar Health. The world was about to change, he said. Play Video Replay Video Play Video Don't Play Up Next What happens on Inauguration Day Play Video Don't Play Video duration 02:13 More World News Videos Previous slide Next slide Video duration 01:28 Who is Jared Kushner? Who is Jared Kushner? Jared Kushner is President-elect Donald Trump's son-in-law but he's also one of his key confidants. Here's a closer look at the man who is expected to be a senior adviser to the president in Trump's White House. Up Next What happens on Inauguration Day Play Video Don't Play Video duration 02:13 Video duration 02:13 What happens on Inauguration Day What happens on Inauguration Day Set your alarm early Saturday to watch the Donald Trump pledge the oath sworn by all 44 US presidents as part of three days of traditional ceremony. Up Next Nutella maker fights back on palm oil claims Play Video Don't Play Video duration 01:15 Video duration 01:15 Nutella maker fights back on palm oil ... Nutella maker fights back on palm oil claims The multibillion-dollar palm oil industry is under pressure in Europe after authorities listed the edible oil as a cancer risk, has found a vocal ally in the food sector, the maker of Nutella. Up Next Pence considers moving White House press room Play Video Don't Play Video duration 00:54 Video duration 00:54 Pence considers moving White House press ... Pence considers moving White House press room Vice President-elect Mike Pence responds to reports that the incoming Trump administration is thinking about moving the press out of the White House. Up Next Katy Perry's powerful PSA Play Video Don't Play Video duration 01:40 Video duration 01:40 Katy Perry's powerful PSA Katy Perry's powerful PSA Singer Katy Perry's public service announcement compares President-elect Donald Trump's Muslim registry plan to the incarceration of Japanese-Americans during World War II. Up Next Japan introduces 'premium Friday' Play Video Don't Play Video duration 02:40 Video duration 02:40 Japan introduces 'premium Friday' Japan introduces 'premium Friday' The country that coined the word "karoshi," or death by overwork, is looking for ways to give stressed out employees a break. Up Next Threat of arrest looms over Samsung boss Play Video Don't Play Video duration 01:16 Video duration 01:16 Threat of arrest looms over Samsung boss Threat of arrest looms over Samsung boss South Korea's special prosecutor delays until Monday (January 16) a decision on whether to seek a warrant to arrest Samsung Group leader Jay Y. Lee, a suspect in an influence-peddling investigation. Up Next Ringling Bros. circus to close after 146 years Play Video Don't Play Video duration 02:35 Video duration 02:35 Ringling Bros. circus to close after 146 ... Ringling Bros. circus to close after 146 years The Ringling Bros. and Barnum & Bailey Circus will end 'The Greatest Show on Earth' in May, following a 146-year run. More videos Who is Jared Kushner? Jared Kushner is President-elect Donald Trump's son-in-law but he's also one of his key confidants. Here's a closer look at the man who is expected to be a senior adviser to the president in Trump's White House. The venture capitalist was Joshua Kushner, whose older brother is Jared Kushner — the husband of Ivanka Trump and one of President-elect Donald J. Trump's closest confidants. And that meeting at Oscar Health was just the beginning of a new and unsettling chapter for the younger Mr Kushner. At 31, Joshua Kushner has built his technology investment firm — Thrive Capital, which has financed the photo-sharing app Instagram and the e-commerce company Jet.com, among others — largely behind the scenes, keeping his head down while pursuing deals. But with his older brother's rising profile and growing role in the incoming administration, Mr Kushner is now getting caught up in the scrutiny. Two of his worlds are colliding. Related Content Trump on dicey ground with choice of son-in-law for top job Trump's son-in-law, Jared Kushner, to join White House as a senior adviser In the weeks after the election, Mr Kushner has grappled with many questions over Oscar Health. The company, which is one of Mr Kushner's most prominent investments, sells health insurance to individuals under President Obama's Affordable Care Act. That is a law that Jared Kushner is uniquely positioned to influence now that he is a senior adviser to the president-elect, which puts his younger brother and the start-up in an awkward position. At the same time, Joshua Kushner has had to deal with queries from investors in his venture capital funds who have asked him how Mr Trump's ascension would affect his work. Some wondered whether he would join the White House. Others worried that the presidential circus would be a distraction, especially since ties with his brother might make it difficult to maintain a distance. Advertisement Mr Kushner has had to reassure investors that he remains committed to Thrive, which is based in New York and has amassed nearly $US1.5 billion ($2 billion) from wealthy individuals, foundations and the endowments of universities like Princeton, Harvard and Yale. (Oscar Health was founded in the offices of Thrive.) For some money managers, even a loose connection to an incoming president could open doors that might otherwise be closed, but Mr Kushner has told his investors that he is determined to avoid involvement in politics. "Josh doesn't want a public profile," said Darren Walker, the president of the Ford Foundation, which is an investor in Thrive. "He assured us that he would remain focused on Thrive." SHARE Share on Facebook SHARE Share on Twitter TWEET Pin to Pinterest PIN Link Joshua Kushner, and his girlfriend, the model Karlie Kloss.  Photo: The New York Times So far, Mr Kushner has largely succeeded in taking a different path from the rest of his family. While Jared and one of their sisters, Nicole, went into the family business, real estate, Joshua broke from that mold by founding technology start-ups and then getting into venture capital. To date, money from Mr Kushner's immediate family members represents less than $US5 million of his venture funds. Jared is now divesting his shares in Thrive because of his move into the White House. The Trump family has not invested. SHARE Share on Facebook SHARE Share on Twitter TWEET Pin to Pinterest PIN Link Steve Bannon, chief strategist for President-elect Donald Trump, left, talks with Jared Kushner. Photo: AP That is not to say that Joshua Kushner is not close with his family. He is tight with his parents and two sisters, as well as with Jared (who is four years his senior) and with Ms Trump, whom he refers to as his sister, not his in-law. While the brothers are known by friends and colleagues as ambitious workaholics with ties to power brokers on both coasts, in many ways their paths have diverged. Jared Kushner has emerged as an increasingly public figure since becoming the face of the family's real estate firm, Kushner Companies, and buying the publisher Observer Media. That company's newspaper, The New York Observer, has mythologised the city's media, real estate and political power brokers for a generation of New Yorkers. Jared is also often photographed at society events with Ms Trump, and is now frequently seen in the background of meetings with the president-elect. SHARE Share on Facebook SHARE Share on Twitter TWEET Pin to Pinterest PIN Link Donald Trump arrives to speak to an election night rally with his family and third wife, Melania. Jared Kushner is third from right. Photo: AP But Joshua Kushner has maintained a lower profile. While he has dated the model Karlie Kloss for four years, he is rarely seen out with her. He does not party or drink. Unlike most venture capitalists, Mr Kushner also does not blog, and he posts to Twitter infrequently. "Most moguls love to name-drop and tell you about their vacations and appeal to you with how celestial their orbit is, but that's not Josh," said Patrick Collison, the chief executive of Stripe, a mobile payments start-up in San Francisco that Mr Kushner has invested in. SHARE Share on Facebook SHARE Share on Twitter TWEET Pin to Pinterest PIN Link Jared Kushner and his wife Ivanka Trump.  Photo: Dimitrios Kambouris Mr Kushner declined to speak on the record for this article, and a spokesman for Mr Trump declined to comment. In an interview, Ms Trump said that "Jared and Josh have a very special relationship defined by tremendous love, admiration and mutual respect." She declined to talk about politics. An investor's roots Joshua Kushner grew up in New Jersey, where his grandparents, Holocaust survivors who immigrated from Europe in 1949, had built apartments. Their properties turned into a $US1 billion apartment development business under his father, Charles, who was sentenced to two years in prison in 2005 for making illegal campaign donations, witness tampering and tax evasion. Jared later expanded the family business and bought luxury office properties in Manhattan. SHARE Share on Facebook SHARE Share on Twitter TWEET Pin to Pinterest PIN Link Donald Trump, with wife Melania, daughter Ivanka her husband Jared Kushner. Photo: AP Mr Kushner and his siblings grew up spending nights and weekends at work with their father, visiting properties, looking at financial data and sometimes skipping school to attend business meetings. In 2004, Mr Kushner was accepted to Harvard, which Jared had also attended. At Harvard, Mr Kushner roomed with Alexander Blankfein, the son of the chief executive of Goldman Sachs, Lloyd Blankfein. His circle also included Alexander de Carvalho, an heir to the Heineken beer fortune. Mr Kushner dipped into media when he became the executive editor of a short-lived society magazine for Harvard students called Scene, which was founded by the children of Citigroup and Lehman Brothers executives. During the summers, Mr Kushner interned at Goldman's real estate banking division and at the real estate giants Vornado and SL Green with an eye toward working in the industry. But in his junior year of college, he started a company, Vostu, that made video games for social media networks like Facebook. He founded Vostu with two classmates, including Mario Schlosser, who is now the chief executive of Oscar Health. Mr Kushner graduated in 2008. The next year, he became a founder of a nonprofit start-up called Unithrive, which helped Harvard students secure loans from alumni. "Josh stepped away from the family business," said Ryan WilliaMs, a Harvard classmate who now runs Cadre, a real estate start-up that lets wealthy individuals buy pieces of commercial property developments. The company was started in the offices of Thrive. Neither Vostu nor Unithrive was a runaway success. Vostu has since laid off most of its employees, and Unithrive is defunct. So, using money generated from Vostu, Mr Kushner turned away from founding businesses and began investing in them instead, beginning with small investments in companies like the crowdfunding site Kickstarter. His investments caught the attention of others in the tech industry, including Joel Cutler, a venture capitalist at General Catalyst. "Josh had been able to get into investment pools with the best and smartest in the industry," Mr Cutler said. "I encouraged him to start a firm." In 2010, while at Harvard Business School, Mr Kushner started Thrive. He was 25. In an interview in 2011, while juggling business school with working at Vostu and meeting with start-ups, Mr Kushner said his job as an investor was to look for new ideas that could change industries through technology. "Any market yet to be disrupted by modern technology will be at some point in time," he said. Mr Kushner said that he would not be content to simply invest in companies, and that he wanted to nurture some from scratch hiMself. "Being satisfied is not a good thing," he said. Personal connections Mr Kushner set about building Thrive in a methodical way, drawing on his constellation of connections. His mentors include Fred Wilson, a venture capitalist in New York best known for investing in Twitter, and Jon Winkelried, a co-chief executive of the private equity firm TPG. Mr Kushner also befriended Twitter's chief executive, Jack Dorsey. Peter Thiel, a member of Mr Trump's presidential team, a co-founder of PayPal and an early investor in Facebook, was also an early Thrive investor and supporter. Aryeh Bourkoff, the founder of LionTree, a merchant bank that specializes in tech and media deals, said he was impressed by Mr Kushner's focus when the young investor spoke at an event Mr Bourkoff held in 2011. Mr Kushner argued before a roomful of media executives that online video would create more upheaval than the cable industry anticipated. Many in the room disagreed with that idea at the time but said he made a compelling case. By the spring of 2012, Mr Kushner had scored his first investment hit. He had become friends with a Silicon Valley entrepreneur named Kevin Systrom, who had started Instagram. Mr Systrom said he had met Mr Kushner long before he was thinking about raising large suMs of money for the app, and the two had stayed in touch. That year, Mr Systrom let Mr Kushner invest in Instagram alongside the prestigious venture capital firMs Sequoia Capital and Greylock Partners, illustrating how much personal connections matter. The funding pegged Instagram's valuation at $US500 million. Three days later, Facebook bought Instagram for $US1 billion and Mr Kushner instantly doubled his money. Mr Systrom and Mr Kushner have remained close. When the Instagram chief married at a Napa Valley winery in late 2015, Mr Kushner attended with Ms Kloss. Mr Kushner has developed a reputation among entrepreneurs for an eye for detail. When he was considering investing in Zola, a wedding registry company founded by Shan-Lyn Ma and Kevin Ryan, Mr Kushner and his team put together their own study of the wedding registry market and what was missing. "Most other investors I met with said that they'd asked their wives or girlfriends about whether they'd use Zola," Ms Ma said. "That was generally their only data point." Thrive led a $US5.85 million investment in Zola in 2013. Since then, the company has raised more than $US40 million. Thrive's other investment successes include Twitch, a live-streaming video site for gamers that Amazon.com bought for $US970 million, and the e-commerce site Jet.com, which Walmart agreed to acquire for $US3 billion. Thrive also owns stakes in hot start-ups like the workplace messaging company Slack and the streaming music service Spotify, each of which are valued at billions of dollars. Not all of Mr Kushner's investments have worked out. It can take a decade or more to determine whether a private company becomes the next Facebook, a failure or something in between. While Instagram was a rare overnight success story for investors, Mr Kushner has also invested in flops such as Fab.com, a high-profile online retail company that went bust and was later purchased by a manufacturing company in a fire sale. Oscar Health, too, has not been a smooth ride. Even before Mr Trump's election and the uncertain state of the Affordable Care Act, the health insurance start-up had been criticised for its hundreds of millions of dollars in losses and executive departures. The company has raised about $US400 million at a $US2.7 billion valuation, with investors including Goldman Sachs, multi-billionaire Li Ka-shing, and Ping An Insurance, a Chinese company with ties to former Prime Minister Wen Jiabao. Oscar Health has scaled back parts of its business, saying it will no longer sell insurance to individuals in Dallas and New Jersey. The company plans to sell insurance to corporations. In November, Mr Kushner took the unusual step of publicly defending Oscar Health by writing a blog post with the company's chief executive, Mr Schlosser. While they did not take a position on Mr Trump's criticisMs of the Affordable Care Act, they said both political parties had failed to fix flaws in the health care law. They hoped a Republican Congress would do better, they added. No matter the outcome, they wrote, "we're in this for the long haul." It is unclear if Joshua and Jared Kushner have discussed how a health care overhaul could affect Oscar Health. Representatives of the brothers declined to comment on any conversations they have had about the company. Mr Kushner's work is not totally separate from his family's. Thrive's offices are in the NoLIta neighbourhood of Manhattan, in the historic Puck Building, which is owned by Kushner Companies. Some start-ups that Thrive has incubated, including Cadre and Oscar, are housed there, too. The brothers have also made investments together. They founded Cadre with Mr Williams, invested in it and are advisers to the company. A Neutral Stance Even outside of work, Mr Kushner is earnest about his pursuits. At his 30th birthday celebration in 2015 at the Brush Creek Ranch, a luxury dude ranch in Saratoga, Wyoming, where rooMs start at around $US800 a night, Mr Kushner talked about goals and values, attendees said. Mr Kushner has not been vocal about his political beliefs. Over the years, he has donated about $US100,000 to Democratic candidates and causes. Federal Election Commission data shows he has been giving to the Democratic Party since 1999, when he financially supported Bill Bradley and, later, Al Gore for president. He made his last donations in 2014. Over the 2016 presidential election cycle, Mr Kushner kept quiet as his brother and Ms Trump became some of Mr Trump's most powerful strategists and surrogates on the campaign trail. In August, Esquire reported that Joshua Kushner was a lifelong Democrat and would not vote for Mr Trump. A spokesman for Mr Kushner said he is a registered independent. In November, Ms Kloss posed in a photograph on Instagram voting for Hillary Clinton. "People who are different from you, you can learn something from them," Mr Kushner said in the 2011 interview. "At least, I think I can." The New York Times Related Content The daunting task of bringing order to White House's rival centres of gravity Trump insider Jared Kushner chases a massive Chinese deal for family firm Advertisement Most Popular Trump dumps top officials in purge without precedent CIA director tells Donald Trump to watch his words Pendant identical to Anne Frank's found at notorious Nazi camp 'Pence could be the most powerful VP ever, or he could be kicked to the curb really fast' Duterte gives green light for bombing of kidnappers and their captives Follow Fairfax Foreign Share on FacebookFacebook Share on TwitterTwitter Follow SMH Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on EmailNewsletters Advertisement Most Viewed Today Previous slide Next slide World Trump dumps top officials in purge without precedent Video shows police tackling and beating a black man suspected of stealing a car. It was his. CIA director tells Donald Trump to watch his words 'Terrain denial strikes': new strategy to thwart Islamic State Duterte gives green light for bombing of kidnappers and their captives The Sydney Morning Herald Just stop with the misogyny onslaught that is Jacketgate Trump dumps top officials in purge without precedent Figure Eight Pools still popular despite warnings Lululemon props up struggling Aussie arm Canine crisis: Thousands of Sydney residents at war over barking mad dog disputes The Age Trump dumps top officials in purge without precedent Abbott slapped down as Turnbull opts for 'minimalist' reshuffle Shannon Noll arrested outside Crazy Horse strip club in Adelaide Police ecstasy warning after 20 overdose near Chapel Street Melbourne set to serve up a scorcher for Day Two of the tennis Brisbane Times Brisbane's new airport runway emerges from the sand Severe storms bring heavy rain to south-east QLD Trump dumps top officials in purge without precedent Abbott slapped down as Turnbull opts for 'minimalist' reshuffle Man and dog floated all night on jet-ski Canberra Times Trump dumps top officials in purge without precedent Mauled tenant's lawsuit against 'preventable' attack Just stop with the misogyny onslaught that is Jacketgate Canberra Airport pushes for fifth Singapore Airlines service Abbott slapped down as Turnbull opts for 'minimalist' reshuffle WA Today Top 8 WA areas to buy property in 2017 Perth pair wanted for holding a car and pet dog ransom Hillarys dog attack prompts calls for new horse beach Just stop with the misogyny onslaught that is Jacketgate Actor Vince Colosimo to face court on alleged drug possession Get Started Subscribe today for unlimited access from only 50c a day The Sydney Morning Herald Share via Email Share on Facebook Share on Google Plus Share on Twitter RSS Feed Products and Services AM Edition PM Edition SMH for iPad Today's Paper Subscribe Manage My Subscription Subscriber Hub Corporate Subscriptions Digital Subscription FAQs Good Food Guide The Store by Fairfax Newsletters Sydney Morning Herald Sitemap About Us Contact Us Subscribers Advertise With Us Text Version Site Accessibility Guide Classifieds Place an Ad Cars Dating Jobs Real Estate Commercial Real Estate Oneflare Nabo Tributes Celebrations Our Sites SMH The Age AFR.com Adzuna Domain Drive RSVP Essential Baby Home Price Guide Weatherzone Fairfax Media Member Centre News Store Archive Fairfax Syndication Careers Events Press Council Copyright © 2017Fairfax Media Website Feedback Info Save articles for later. Ok, Got it Info Subscribe for unlimited access to news. Login to save articles. Ok, Got it Info Return to the homepage by clicking on the site logo. Ok, Got it
Google to soon announce 400 news jobs in Dublin’s Docklands - Irish Sun Issue 016/15 Irish Sun        http://www.irishsun.com   Ireland News Breaking International News Breaking Business News Europe Sports News Dublin News Economics News Belfast News Breaking Internet News Web Site Development News Healthcare News Ireland News Utilities News Google to soon announce 400 news jobs in Dublin’s Docklands Irish Sun Saturday 14th January, 2017 • Tech giant might take over a new office block on Grand Canal Street • The new office block is currently under construction and is called the Velasco Building • It is close to the Google headquarters on Barrow Street DUBLIN, Ireland - Global search engine giant Google is said to be planning the announcement of 400 new jobs in Dublin. According to reports, a new office block, the Irish Life Investment Managers-owned Velasco Building, which is currently under construction on Grand Canal Street might soon be acquired by Google. The building is said to be close to the Google headquarters on Barrow Street. The story was first reported by the Irish Independent and the report said the dotted line is expected to be signed in the coming weeks. Google, that currently employs 6,000 people in Ireland, will make its way to the top of the list of biggest employers in the city, if the announcement comes through.  In 2016, Google’s Ronan Harris said that Dublin is the data capital of Europe. The company currently has officers on both sides of Barrow Street, including Dublin’s tallest building, the Montevetro building. It also has offices in EastPoint and two data centres in Clondalkin, west Dublin. Share this article: Back to Irish Sun Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Featured Story U2 tickets selling for whopping 900 euros each DUBLIN, Ireland - With epic rock band, U2 set to perform at a concert in Croke Park in July this year - a flurry of activity has been witnessed around ticket sales already.  Tickets are set to go on sale officially from tomorrow - however, a day before the official sales begin, tickets to watch the band perform live are already being sold and for nothing less than a whopping 900 euros each.  According to reports, fans that subscribed to the band’s official website were granted access to a pre-sale ticket portal last week and industry sources revealed that diehard fans with access to these tickets have chosen to sell them for a profit.  A set of tickets are said to have become available on official and black market websites since last week.  Tickets available currently on websites like Seatwave and Viagogo are being sold at prices higher than face value.  Officially, tickets for the Lower Davin Stand and pitch area of Croke Park have been priced at 76 euros, along with an extra charge of 3.30 euros for agent fees. Meanwhile, those in other parts of the Cusack and Hogan stands carry a value between 110 euros to 186 euros. But on these websites, the prices have been jacked up.   As of Sunday night, Seatwave, that is run by Ticketmaster, had advertised for 650 tickets that were available for sale.  Reports pointed ut that a pair of tickets was sold at 2,070 euros over the weekend and was for the standing section. It included extra charges and was priced at 13 times above face value.  A spokesperson for Ticketmaster defended the sale in a statement that said that Seatwave prices were set by the person selling the tickets and not the company. The spokesperson said, “The thing about Seatwave is that it is a safe and secure market so tickets would be genuine. The ticket prices are set by the seller, which in this instance is not Ticketmaster, but that price may not necessarily be secured by the seller. Ticketmaster is just facilitating the sale." Find Irish Sun on Facebook Latest Irish Sun news U2 tickets selling for whopping 900 euros each DUBLIN, Ireland - With epic rock band, U2 set to perform at a concert in ... Man in his 20s remains in critical state after being injured in street assault WICKLOW, Ireland - A man, believed to be in his 20s was gravely injured in ... No. 20 Irish go to 5-0 in ACC Notre Dame guard Steve Vasturia scored 20 points and the 20th-ranked Irish took over sole ... Ireland's issues deepen with Afghanistan defeat and ball-by-ball details Ireland's woes in the T20 format continued as they were no match for ... Irish economy, State’s finances rapidly improving, credit rating firm Fitch claims DUBLIN, Ireland - Leading credit rating firm, Fitch has maintained its A rating on Ireland ... Second case of bird flu confirmed in Ireland SIPTU will ballot Dublin Fire Brigade members for strike action Female post-office worker assaulted in raid by violent and armed gang Additional Irish Sun news Sponsored by oilprice.com Please Enable Javascript for this Oil Price widget to work Ireland News U2 tickets selling for whopping 900 euros each Man in his 20s remains in critical state after being injured in street assault No. 20 Irish go to 5-0 in ACC Ireland's issues deepen with Afghanistan defeat Irish economy, State’s finances rapidly improving, credit rating firm Fitch claims More Ireland News Breaking International News Australian billionaire implicated in latest Israeli prime minister corruption probe U.S. likely to continue 'carrot and stick policy' with Pakistan under Trump Trump Scolds Civil Rights Icon Lewis, Days Before MLK Holiday Nissan starts testing autonomous cars in London next month How the optimism of Obama's speech was its own kind of resistance to Trump More Breaking International News Breaking Business News UK prepared to play hardball in breaking with European Union Nissan starts testing autonomous cars in London next month Iran refutes reports of storing crude oil on water SpaceX launches, lands rocket for first time since September blast Japan and Australia agree to hold joint military training and exercises More Breaking Business News Europe Sports News Amri Yahyah to make difference for Melaka United says CB Khair Jones Liverpool withdraw Joel Matip from Man United game due to FIFA eligibility issue Mauro Icardi stars as Inter Milan come back to beat Chievo Watford fail to sparkle as fans honour memory of Graham Taylor Crystal Palace defence dismal in heavy West Ham loss More Europe Sports News Dublin News U2 tickets selling for whopping 900 euros each Man in his 20s remains in critical state after being injured in street assault No. 20 Irish go to 5-0 in ACC Ireland's issues deepen with Afghanistan defeat Irish economy, State’s finances rapidly improving, credit rating firm Fitch claims More Dublin News Economics News Britain Hints at a Brexit Negotiating Strategy Sri Lankas mega port city poised to change face of Colombo Demonetisation fallout ATM makers get a big boost in new orders Yemeni and UAE troops head north paper China Vietnam agree to manage differences on South China Sea More Economics News Belfast News Graeme Storm beats Rory McIlroy to win SA Cup Cardiff Devils 2-3 Belfast Giants Coach Andrew Lord demands reaction from players as capacity crowd are stunned into silence IRS eases relief rules for botched IRA rollovers It was like being hit by a punch. I was literally in a daze. - Rory McIlroy talks to Paul Kimmage Man arrested following reports of business staff being threatened at knife point in Newtownards More Belfast News Breaking Internet News Possible interception of WhatsApp’s encrypted messages rakes up controversy Trump Says Democrats Most Angry That Working Class Voted for Him Centre to install new grievance redressal mechanism for army personnel Jawans complaining on social media can create divide within armed forces Security analyst Taiwan President Connects to Twitter During Sensitive US Stopover More Breaking Internet News Web Site Development News The Need for Automation Testing Building a Low-Level Trie With Rust Walking Through Bluemix Videos What’s New in MongoDB 3.4 Running Mission-Critical Applications Sitecore Unlocks Content Commerce Disconnect in Latest Release More Web Site Development News Subscribe to our Newsletter Get the latest Irish Sun headlines delivered to your inbox. *We hate spam as much as you. Privacy Utilities News Nissan starts testing autonomous cars in London next month Iran refutes reports of storing crude oil on water Zimbabwe Lawmakers Target Diaper Companies to Deal with Trash Public Health Problem UN World Data Forum opens in South Africa to harness power of data for sustainable development Step down and avoid unnecessary bloodbath Gambias Jammeh told More Utilities News Ireland News Breaking International News Breaking Business News Europe Sports News Dublin News Economics News Belfast News Breaking Internet News Web Site Development News Healthcare News Ireland News Utilities News Contact About Irish Sun News Releases Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Sitemap Archived Stories © 2000 - 2017 Irish Sun - Midwest Radio Network Pty Ltd. - (LU) A division of Big News Network. All rights reserved
Skip to navigation Skip to content Skip to footer View text version of this page Help using this website - Accessibility statement Menu The Sydney Morning Herald News site of the year World Subscribe Login Sign-up Become a SMH member today! Join today and you can easily save your favourite articles, join in the conversation and comment, plus select which news your want direct to your inbox. Create account now! Become a SMH member today! Join today and you can easily save your favourite articles, join in the conversation and comment, plus select which news your want direct to your inbox. Create account now! Home News Sport Business World Politics Comment Property Entertainment Lifestyle Travel Cars Tech Video All News NSW News National Environment Health Education Investigations Good Weekend Galleries Clique Photos Victoria News Queensland ACT News WA News Sport NRL Union AFL Football Cricket Racing Motorsport Basketball Netball Cycling Tennis Scores Golf US Sports Athletics Swimming Boxing Sailing Business News & Views Markets Quotes Workplace Consumer Property Innovation Retail Economy CBD Money Small Business World Race to the White House Migrant Crisis Politics Political News Political Opinion Video Cartoons The Pulse Federal Election 2016 Your Vote Electorate Map Comment Letters Editorials Column 8 Obituaries Peter Hartcher Ross Gittins Jessica Irvine John Birmingham Satire Entertainment Movies TV & Radio Music Books Art Stage What's On in Sydney Video Shop Art Lifestyle News & Views Life & Relationships Health & Wellbeing Beauty Fashion Horoscopes Celebrity Home The Optimist Tech News Security Web Culture Innovation Sci-Tech Gadgets Games Smartphone Apps Mobiles IT Pro Video News Sport Business Entertainment Lifestyle Travel Property Cars Food Exec Style Parenting Search Site Home World January 14 2017 Save Print Joshua Kushner thrust into the spotlight Katie Benner facebook SHARE twitter TWEET email google-plus linkedin reddit More Just days after the 2016 presidential election, a young venture capitalist called an emergency staff meeting. Prepare for a storm of publicity, he told one of the start-ups that he had helped found. There would be questions about his political affiliations and loyalties, he said. There would be questions about the survivability of the start-up, a health insurance company named Oscar Health. The world was about to change, he said. Play Video Replay Video Play Video Don't Play Up Next What happens on Inauguration Day Play Video Don't Play Video duration 02:13 More World News Videos Previous slide Next slide Video duration 01:28 Who is Jared Kushner? Who is Jared Kushner? Jared Kushner is President-elect Donald Trump's son-in-law but he's also one of his key confidants. Here's a closer look at the man who is expected to be a senior adviser to the president in Trump's White House. Up Next What happens on Inauguration Day Play Video Don't Play Video duration 02:13 Video duration 02:13 What happens on Inauguration Day What happens on Inauguration Day Set your alarm early Saturday to watch the Donald Trump pledge the oath sworn by all 44 US presidents as part of three days of traditional ceremony. Up Next Nutella maker fights back on palm oil claims Play Video Don't Play Video duration 01:15 Video duration 01:15 Nutella maker fights back on palm oil ... Nutella maker fights back on palm oil claims The multibillion-dollar palm oil industry is under pressure in Europe after authorities listed the edible oil as a cancer risk, has found a vocal ally in the food sector, the maker of Nutella. Up Next Pence considers moving White House press room Play Video Don't Play Video duration 00:54 Video duration 00:54 Pence considers moving White House press ... Pence considers moving White House press room Vice President-elect Mike Pence responds to reports that the incoming Trump administration is thinking about moving the press out of the White House. Up Next Katy Perry's powerful PSA Play Video Don't Play Video duration 01:40 Video duration 01:40 Katy Perry's powerful PSA Katy Perry's powerful PSA Singer Katy Perry's public service announcement compares President-elect Donald Trump's Muslim registry plan to the incarceration of Japanese-Americans during World War II. Up Next Japan introduces 'premium Friday' Play Video Don't Play Video duration 02:40 Video duration 02:40 Japan introduces 'premium Friday' Japan introduces 'premium Friday' The country that coined the word "karoshi," or death by overwork, is looking for ways to give stressed out employees a break. Up Next Threat of arrest looms over Samsung boss Play Video Don't Play Video duration 01:16 Video duration 01:16 Threat of arrest looms over Samsung boss Threat of arrest looms over Samsung boss South Korea's special prosecutor delays until Monday (January 16) a decision on whether to seek a warrant to arrest Samsung Group leader Jay Y. Lee, a suspect in an influence-peddling investigation. Up Next Ringling Bros. circus to close after 146 years Play Video Don't Play Video duration 02:35 Video duration 02:35 Ringling Bros. circus to close after 146 ... Ringling Bros. circus to close after 146 years The Ringling Bros. and Barnum & Bailey Circus will end 'The Greatest Show on Earth' in May, following a 146-year run. More videos Who is Jared Kushner? Jared Kushner is President-elect Donald Trump's son-in-law but he's also one of his key confidants. Here's a closer look at the man who is expected to be a senior adviser to the president in Trump's White House. The venture capitalist was Joshua Kushner, whose older brother is Jared Kushner — the husband of Ivanka Trump and one of President-elect Donald J. Trump's closest confidants. And that meeting at Oscar Health was just the beginning of a new and unsettling chapter for the younger Mr Kushner. At 31, Joshua Kushner has built his technology investment firm — Thrive Capital, which has financed the photo-sharing app Instagram and the e-commerce company Jet.com, among others — largely behind the scenes, keeping his head down while pursuing deals. But with his older brother's rising profile and growing role in the incoming administration, Mr Kushner is now getting caught up in the scrutiny. Two of his worlds are colliding. Related Content Trump on dicey ground with choice of son-in-law for top job Trump's son-in-law, Jared Kushner, to join White House as a senior adviser In the weeks after the election, Mr Kushner has grappled with many questions over Oscar Health. The company, which is one of Mr Kushner's most prominent investments, sells health insurance to individuals under President Obama's Affordable Care Act. That is a law that Jared Kushner is uniquely positioned to influence now that he is a senior adviser to the president-elect, which puts his younger brother and the start-up in an awkward position. At the same time, Joshua Kushner has had to deal with queries from investors in his venture capital funds who have asked him how Mr Trump's ascension would affect his work. Some wondered whether he would join the White House. Others worried that the presidential circus would be a distraction, especially since ties with his brother might make it difficult to maintain a distance. Advertisement Mr Kushner has had to reassure investors that he remains committed to Thrive, which is based in New York and has amassed nearly $US1.5 billion ($2 billion) from wealthy individuals, foundations and the endowments of universities like Princeton, Harvard and Yale. (Oscar Health was founded in the offices of Thrive.) For some money managers, even a loose connection to an incoming president could open doors that might otherwise be closed, but Mr Kushner has told his investors that he is determined to avoid involvement in politics. "Josh doesn't want a public profile," said Darren Walker, the president of the Ford Foundation, which is an investor in Thrive. "He assured us that he would remain focused on Thrive." SHARE Share on Facebook SHARE Share on Twitter TWEET Pin to Pinterest PIN Link Joshua Kushner, and his girlfriend, the model Karlie Kloss.  Photo: The New York Times So far, Mr Kushner has largely succeeded in taking a different path from the rest of his family. While Jared and one of their sisters, Nicole, went into the family business, real estate, Joshua broke from that mold by founding technology start-ups and then getting into venture capital. To date, money from Mr Kushner's immediate family members represents less than $US5 million of his venture funds. Jared is now divesting his shares in Thrive because of his move into the White House. The Trump family has not invested. SHARE Share on Facebook SHARE Share on Twitter TWEET Pin to Pinterest PIN Link Steve Bannon, chief strategist for President-elect Donald Trump, left, talks with Jared Kushner. Photo: AP That is not to say that Joshua Kushner is not close with his family. He is tight with his parents and two sisters, as well as with Jared (who is four years his senior) and with Ms Trump, whom he refers to as his sister, not his in-law. While the brothers are known by friends and colleagues as ambitious workaholics with ties to power brokers on both coasts, in many ways their paths have diverged. Jared Kushner has emerged as an increasingly public figure since becoming the face of the family's real estate firm, Kushner Companies, and buying the publisher Observer Media. That company's newspaper, The New York Observer, has mythologised the city's media, real estate and political power brokers for a generation of New Yorkers. Jared is also often photographed at society events with Ms Trump, and is now frequently seen in the background of meetings with the president-elect. SHARE Share on Facebook SHARE Share on Twitter TWEET Pin to Pinterest PIN Link Donald Trump arrives to speak to an election night rally with his family and third wife, Melania. Jared Kushner is third from right. Photo: AP But Joshua Kushner has maintained a lower profile. While he has dated the model Karlie Kloss for four years, he is rarely seen out with her. He does not party or drink. Unlike most venture capitalists, Mr Kushner also does not blog, and he posts to Twitter infrequently. "Most moguls love to name-drop and tell you about their vacations and appeal to you with how celestial their orbit is, but that's not Josh," said Patrick Collison, the chief executive of Stripe, a mobile payments start-up in San Francisco that Mr Kushner has invested in. SHARE Share on Facebook SHARE Share on Twitter TWEET Pin to Pinterest PIN Link Jared Kushner and his wife Ivanka Trump.  Photo: Dimitrios Kambouris Mr Kushner declined to speak on the record for this article, and a spokesman for Mr Trump declined to comment. In an interview, Ms Trump said that "Jared and Josh have a very special relationship defined by tremendous love, admiration and mutual respect." She declined to talk about politics. An investor's roots Joshua Kushner grew up in New Jersey, where his grandparents, Holocaust survivors who immigrated from Europe in 1949, had built apartments. Their properties turned into a $US1 billion apartment development business under his father, Charles, who was sentenced to two years in prison in 2005 for making illegal campaign donations, witness tampering and tax evasion. Jared later expanded the family business and bought luxury office properties in Manhattan. SHARE Share on Facebook SHARE Share on Twitter TWEET Pin to Pinterest PIN Link Donald Trump, with wife Melania, daughter Ivanka her husband Jared Kushner. Photo: AP Mr Kushner and his siblings grew up spending nights and weekends at work with their father, visiting properties, looking at financial data and sometimes skipping school to attend business meetings. In 2004, Mr Kushner was accepted to Harvard, which Jared had also attended. At Harvard, Mr Kushner roomed with Alexander Blankfein, the son of the chief executive of Goldman Sachs, Lloyd Blankfein. His circle also included Alexander de Carvalho, an heir to the Heineken beer fortune. Mr Kushner dipped into media when he became the executive editor of a short-lived society magazine for Harvard students called Scene, which was founded by the children of Citigroup and Lehman Brothers executives. During the summers, Mr Kushner interned at Goldman's real estate banking division and at the real estate giants Vornado and SL Green with an eye toward working in the industry. But in his junior year of college, he started a company, Vostu, that made video games for social media networks like Facebook. He founded Vostu with two classmates, including Mario Schlosser, who is now the chief executive of Oscar Health. Mr Kushner graduated in 2008. The next year, he became a founder of a nonprofit start-up called Unithrive, which helped Harvard students secure loans from alumni. "Josh stepped away from the family business," said Ryan WilliaMs, a Harvard classmate who now runs Cadre, a real estate start-up that lets wealthy individuals buy pieces of commercial property developments. The company was started in the offices of Thrive. Neither Vostu nor Unithrive was a runaway success. Vostu has since laid off most of its employees, and Unithrive is defunct. So, using money generated from Vostu, Mr Kushner turned away from founding businesses and began investing in them instead, beginning with small investments in companies like the crowdfunding site Kickstarter. His investments caught the attention of others in the tech industry, including Joel Cutler, a venture capitalist at General Catalyst. "Josh had been able to get into investment pools with the best and smartest in the industry," Mr Cutler said. "I encouraged him to start a firm." In 2010, while at Harvard Business School, Mr Kushner started Thrive. He was 25. In an interview in 2011, while juggling business school with working at Vostu and meeting with start-ups, Mr Kushner said his job as an investor was to look for new ideas that could change industries through technology. "Any market yet to be disrupted by modern technology will be at some point in time," he said. Mr Kushner said that he would not be content to simply invest in companies, and that he wanted to nurture some from scratch hiMself. "Being satisfied is not a good thing," he said. Personal connections Mr Kushner set about building Thrive in a methodical way, drawing on his constellation of connections. His mentors include Fred Wilson, a venture capitalist in New York best known for investing in Twitter, and Jon Winkelried, a co-chief executive of the private equity firm TPG. Mr Kushner also befriended Twitter's chief executive, Jack Dorsey. Peter Thiel, a member of Mr Trump's presidential team, a co-founder of PayPal and an early investor in Facebook, was also an early Thrive investor and supporter. Aryeh Bourkoff, the founder of LionTree, a merchant bank that specializes in tech and media deals, said he was impressed by Mr Kushner's focus when the young investor spoke at an event Mr Bourkoff held in 2011. Mr Kushner argued before a roomful of media executives that online video would create more upheaval than the cable industry anticipated. Many in the room disagreed with that idea at the time but said he made a compelling case. By the spring of 2012, Mr Kushner had scored his first investment hit. He had become friends with a Silicon Valley entrepreneur named Kevin Systrom, who had started Instagram. Mr Systrom said he had met Mr Kushner long before he was thinking about raising large suMs of money for the app, and the two had stayed in touch. That year, Mr Systrom let Mr Kushner invest in Instagram alongside the prestigious venture capital firMs Sequoia Capital and Greylock Partners, illustrating how much personal connections matter. The funding pegged Instagram's valuation at $US500 million. Three days later, Facebook bought Instagram for $US1 billion and Mr Kushner instantly doubled his money. Mr Systrom and Mr Kushner have remained close. When the Instagram chief married at a Napa Valley winery in late 2015, Mr Kushner attended with Ms Kloss. Mr Kushner has developed a reputation among entrepreneurs for an eye for detail. When he was considering investing in Zola, a wedding registry company founded by Shan-Lyn Ma and Kevin Ryan, Mr Kushner and his team put together their own study of the wedding registry market and what was missing. "Most other investors I met with said that they'd asked their wives or girlfriends about whether they'd use Zola," Ms Ma said. "That was generally their only data point." Thrive led a $US5.85 million investment in Zola in 2013. Since then, the company has raised more than $US40 million. Thrive's other investment successes include Twitch, a live-streaming video site for gamers that Amazon.com bought for $US970 million, and the e-commerce site Jet.com, which Walmart agreed to acquire for $US3 billion. Thrive also owns stakes in hot start-ups like the workplace messaging company Slack and the streaming music service Spotify, each of which are valued at billions of dollars. Not all of Mr Kushner's investments have worked out. It can take a decade or more to determine whether a private company becomes the next Facebook, a failure or something in between. While Instagram was a rare overnight success story for investors, Mr Kushner has also invested in flops such as Fab.com, a high-profile online retail company that went bust and was later purchased by a manufacturing company in a fire sale. Oscar Health, too, has not been a smooth ride. Even before Mr Trump's election and the uncertain state of the Affordable Care Act, the health insurance start-up had been criticised for its hundreds of millions of dollars in losses and executive departures. The company has raised about $US400 million at a $US2.7 billion valuation, with investors including Goldman Sachs, multi-billionaire Li Ka-shing, and Ping An Insurance, a Chinese company with ties to former Prime Minister Wen Jiabao. Oscar Health has scaled back parts of its business, saying it will no longer sell insurance to individuals in Dallas and New Jersey. The company plans to sell insurance to corporations. In November, Mr Kushner took the unusual step of publicly defending Oscar Health by writing a blog post with the company's chief executive, Mr Schlosser. While they did not take a position on Mr Trump's criticisMs of the Affordable Care Act, they said both political parties had failed to fix flaws in the health care law. They hoped a Republican Congress would do better, they added. No matter the outcome, they wrote, "we're in this for the long haul." It is unclear if Joshua and Jared Kushner have discussed how a health care overhaul could affect Oscar Health. Representatives of the brothers declined to comment on any conversations they have had about the company. Mr Kushner's work is not totally separate from his family's. Thrive's offices are in the NoLIta neighbourhood of Manhattan, in the historic Puck Building, which is owned by Kushner Companies. Some start-ups that Thrive has incubated, including Cadre and Oscar, are housed there, too. The brothers have also made investments together. They founded Cadre with Mr Williams, invested in it and are advisers to the company. A Neutral Stance Even outside of work, Mr Kushner is earnest about his pursuits. At his 30th birthday celebration in 2015 at the Brush Creek Ranch, a luxury dude ranch in Saratoga, Wyoming, where rooMs start at around $US800 a night, Mr Kushner talked about goals and values, attendees said. Mr Kushner has not been vocal about his political beliefs. Over the years, he has donated about $US100,000 to Democratic candidates and causes. Federal Election Commission data shows he has been giving to the Democratic Party since 1999, when he financially supported Bill Bradley and, later, Al Gore for president. He made his last donations in 2014. Over the 2016 presidential election cycle, Mr Kushner kept quiet as his brother and Ms Trump became some of Mr Trump's most powerful strategists and surrogates on the campaign trail. In August, Esquire reported that Joshua Kushner was a lifelong Democrat and would not vote for Mr Trump. A spokesman for Mr Kushner said he is a registered independent. In November, Ms Kloss posed in a photograph on Instagram voting for Hillary Clinton. "People who are different from you, you can learn something from them," Mr Kushner said in the 2011 interview. "At least, I think I can." The New York Times Related Content The daunting task of bringing order to White House's rival centres of gravity Trump insider Jared Kushner chases a massive Chinese deal for family firm Advertisement Most Popular Trump dumps top officials in purge without precedent CIA director tells Donald Trump to watch his words Pendant identical to Anne Frank's found at notorious Nazi camp 'Pence could be the most powerful VP ever, or he could be kicked to the curb really fast' Duterte gives green light for bombing of kidnappers and their captives Follow Fairfax Foreign Share on FacebookFacebook Share on TwitterTwitter Follow SMH Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on EmailNewsletters Advertisement Most Viewed Today Previous slide Next slide World Trump dumps top officials in purge without precedent Video shows police tackling and beating a black man suspected of stealing a car. It was his. CIA director tells Donald Trump to watch his words 'Terrain denial strikes': new strategy to thwart Islamic State Duterte gives green light for bombing of kidnappers and their captives The Sydney Morning Herald Just stop with the misogyny onslaught that is Jacketgate Trump dumps top officials in purge without precedent Figure Eight Pools still popular despite warnings Lululemon props up struggling Aussie arm Canine crisis: Thousands of Sydney residents at war over barking mad dog disputes The Age Trump dumps top officials in purge without precedent Abbott slapped down as Turnbull opts for 'minimalist' reshuffle Shannon Noll arrested outside Crazy Horse strip club in Adelaide Police ecstasy warning after 20 overdose near Chapel Street Melbourne set to serve up a scorcher for Day Two of the tennis Brisbane Times Brisbane's new airport runway emerges from the sand Severe storms bring heavy rain to south-east QLD Trump dumps top officials in purge without precedent Abbott slapped down as Turnbull opts for 'minimalist' reshuffle Man and dog floated all night on jet-ski Canberra Times Trump dumps top officials in purge without precedent Mauled tenant's lawsuit against 'preventable' attack Just stop with the misogyny onslaught that is Jacketgate Canberra Airport pushes for fifth Singapore Airlines service Abbott slapped down as Turnbull opts for 'minimalist' reshuffle WA Today Top 8 WA areas to buy property in 2017 Perth pair wanted for holding a car and pet dog ransom Hillarys dog attack prompts calls for new horse beach Just stop with the misogyny onslaught that is Jacketgate Actor Vince Colosimo to face court on alleged drug possession Get Started Subscribe today for unlimited access from only 50c a day The Sydney Morning Herald Share via Email Share on Facebook Share on Google Plus Share on Twitter RSS Feed Products and Services AM Edition PM Edition SMH for iPad Today's Paper Subscribe Manage My Subscription Subscriber Hub Corporate Subscriptions Digital Subscription FAQs Good Food Guide The Store by Fairfax Newsletters Sydney Morning Herald Sitemap About Us Contact Us Subscribers Advertise With Us Text Version Site Accessibility Guide Classifieds Place an Ad Cars Dating Jobs Real Estate Commercial Real Estate Oneflare Nabo Tributes Celebrations Our Sites SMH The Age AFR.com Adzuna Domain Drive RSVP Essential Baby Home Price Guide Weatherzone Fairfax Media Member Centre News Store Archive Fairfax Syndication Careers Events Press Council Copyright © 2017Fairfax Media Website Feedback Info Save articles for later. Ok, Got it Info Subscribe for unlimited access to news. Login to save articles. Ok, Got it Info Return to the homepage by clicking on the site logo. Ok, Got it
Skip to navigation Skip to content Skip to footer View text version of this page Help using this website - Accessibility statement Menu Brisbane Times World Login Sign-up Become a Brisbane Times member today Join today and you can easily save your favourite articles, join in the conversation and comment, plus select which news your want direct to your inbox. Create your account now! Become a Brisbane Times member today Join today and you can easily save your favourite articles, join in the conversation and comment, plus select which news your want direct to your inbox. Create your account now! Home News Sport Business World Politics Comment Property Entertainment Lifestyle Travel Cars Tech Video All Queensland National Environment Health Education Galleries Good Weekend NSW News Victoria News ACT News WA News AFL Ultimate Footy Cricket Soccer Racing Netball NRL Union Motorsport Basketball Tennis Scores Cycling Golf US Sports Athletics Boxing Swimming Sailing News & Views Markets Quotes Workplace Consumer Property Innovation Retail Economy CBD Money Small Biz News Opinion Video Cartoons The Pulse Federal Election 2016 Your Vote Electorate Map John Birmingham That Thinking Feeling The Hermit Sisters in Law Movies Music TV & Radio TV Guide Art Stage Books Your Brisbane Video News & Views Life & Relationships Health & Wellbeing Beauty Fashion Celebrity Home The Optimist The Store News Security Web Culture Innovation Science Games Gadgets on the Go Smartphone Apps Mobiles News Sport Business Entertainment Lifestyle Travel Property Cars Food Exec Style Parenting Search Site Home World January 14 2017 Save Print Joshua Kushner thrust into the spotlight Katie Benner facebook SHARE twitter TWEET email google-plus linkedin reddit More Just days after the 2016 presidential election, a young venture capitalist called an emergency staff meeting. Prepare for a storm of publicity, he told one of the start-ups that he had helped found. There would be questions about his political affiliations and loyalties, he said. There would be questions about the survivability of the start-up, a health insurance company named Oscar Health. The world was about to change, he said. Play Video Replay Video Play Video Don't Play Up Next What happens on Inauguration Day Play Video Don't Play Video duration 02:13 More World News Videos Previous slide Next slide Video duration 01:28 Who is Jared Kushner? Who is Jared Kushner? Jared Kushner is President-elect Donald Trump's son-in-law but he's also one of his key confidants. Here's a closer look at the man who is expected to be a senior adviser to the president in Trump's White House. Up Next What happens on Inauguration Day Play Video Don't Play Video duration 02:13 Video duration 02:13 What happens on Inauguration Day What happens on Inauguration Day Set your alarm early Saturday to watch the Donald Trump pledge the oath sworn by all 44 US presidents as part of three days of traditional ceremony. Up Next Nutella maker fights back on palm oil claims Play Video Don't Play Video duration 01:15 Video duration 01:15 Nutella maker fights back on palm oil ... Nutella maker fights back on palm oil claims The multibillion-dollar palm oil industry is under pressure in Europe after authorities listed the edible oil as a cancer risk, has found a vocal ally in the food sector, the maker of Nutella. Up Next Pence considers moving White House press room Play Video Don't Play Video duration 00:54 Video duration 00:54 Pence considers moving White House press ... Pence considers moving White House press room Vice President-elect Mike Pence responds to reports that the incoming Trump administration is thinking about moving the press out of the White House. Up Next Katy Perry's powerful PSA Play Video Don't Play Video duration 01:40 Video duration 01:40 Katy Perry's powerful PSA Katy Perry's powerful PSA Singer Katy Perry's public service announcement compares President-elect Donald Trump's Muslim registry plan to the incarceration of Japanese-Americans during World War II. Up Next Japan introduces 'premium Friday' Play Video Don't Play Video duration 02:40 Video duration 02:40 Japan introduces 'premium Friday' Japan introduces 'premium Friday' The country that coined the word "karoshi," or death by overwork, is looking for ways to give stressed out employees a break. Up Next Threat of arrest looms over Samsung boss Play Video Don't Play Video duration 01:16 Video duration 01:16 Threat of arrest looms over Samsung boss Threat of arrest looms over Samsung boss South Korea's special prosecutor delays until Monday (January 16) a decision on whether to seek a warrant to arrest Samsung Group leader Jay Y. Lee, a suspect in an influence-peddling investigation. Up Next Ringling Bros. circus to close after 146 years Play Video Don't Play Video duration 02:35 Video duration 02:35 Ringling Bros. circus to close after 146 ... Ringling Bros. circus to close after 146 years The Ringling Bros. and Barnum & Bailey Circus will end 'The Greatest Show on Earth' in May, following a 146-year run. More videos Who is Jared Kushner? Jared Kushner is President-elect Donald Trump's son-in-law but he's also one of his key confidants. Here's a closer look at the man who is expected to be a senior adviser to the president in Trump's White House. The venture capitalist was Joshua Kushner, whose older brother is Jared Kushner — the husband of Ivanka Trump and one of President-elect Donald J. Trump's closest confidants. And that meeting at Oscar Health was just the beginning of a new and unsettling chapter for the younger Mr Kushner. At 31, Joshua Kushner has built his technology investment firm — Thrive Capital, which has financed the photo-sharing app Instagram and the e-commerce company Jet.com, among others — largely behind the scenes, keeping his head down while pursuing deals. But with his older brother's rising profile and growing role in the incoming administration, Mr Kushner is now getting caught up in the scrutiny. Two of his worlds are colliding. Related Content Trump on dicey ground with choice of son-in-law for top job Trump's son-in-law, Jared Kushner, to join White House as a senior adviser In the weeks after the election, Mr Kushner has grappled with many questions over Oscar Health. The company, which is one of Mr Kushner's most prominent investments, sells health insurance to individuals under President Obama's Affordable Care Act. That is a law that Jared Kushner is uniquely positioned to influence now that he is a senior adviser to the president-elect, which puts his younger brother and the start-up in an awkward position. At the same time, Joshua Kushner has had to deal with queries from investors in his venture capital funds who have asked him how Mr Trump's ascension would affect his work. Some wondered whether he would join the White House. Others worried that the presidential circus would be a distraction, especially since ties with his brother might make it difficult to maintain a distance. Advertisement Mr Kushner has had to reassure investors that he remains committed to Thrive, which is based in New York and has amassed nearly $US1.5 billion ($2 billion) from wealthy individuals, foundations and the endowments of universities like Princeton, Harvard and Yale. (Oscar Health was founded in the offices of Thrive.) For some money managers, even a loose connection to an incoming president could open doors that might otherwise be closed, but Mr Kushner has told his investors that he is determined to avoid involvement in politics. "Josh doesn't want a public profile," said Darren Walker, the president of the Ford Foundation, which is an investor in Thrive. "He assured us that he would remain focused on Thrive." SHARE Share on Facebook SHARE Share on Twitter TWEET Pin to Pinterest PIN Link Joshua Kushner, and his girlfriend, the model Karlie Kloss.  Photo: The New York Times So far, Mr Kushner has largely succeeded in taking a different path from the rest of his family. While Jared and one of their sisters, Nicole, went into the family business, real estate, Joshua broke from that mold by founding technology start-ups and then getting into venture capital. To date, money from Mr Kushner's immediate family members represents less than $US5 million of his venture funds. Jared is now divesting his shares in Thrive because of his move into the White House. The Trump family has not invested. SHARE Share on Facebook SHARE Share on Twitter TWEET Pin to Pinterest PIN Link Steve Bannon, chief strategist for President-elect Donald Trump, left, talks with Jared Kushner. Photo: AP That is not to say that Joshua Kushner is not close with his family. He is tight with his parents and two sisters, as well as with Jared (who is four years his senior) and with Ms Trump, whom he refers to as his sister, not his in-law. While the brothers are known by friends and colleagues as ambitious workaholics with ties to power brokers on both coasts, in many ways their paths have diverged. Jared Kushner has emerged as an increasingly public figure since becoming the face of the family's real estate firm, Kushner Companies, and buying the publisher Observer Media. That company's newspaper, The New York Observer, has mythologised the city's media, real estate and political power brokers for a generation of New Yorkers. Jared is also often photographed at society events with Ms Trump, and is now frequently seen in the background of meetings with the president-elect. SHARE Share on Facebook SHARE Share on Twitter TWEET Pin to Pinterest PIN Link Donald Trump arrives to speak to an election night rally with his family and third wife, Melania. Jared Kushner is third from right. Photo: AP But Joshua Kushner has maintained a lower profile. While he has dated the model Karlie Kloss for four years, he is rarely seen out with her. He does not party or drink. Unlike most venture capitalists, Mr Kushner also does not blog, and he posts to Twitter infrequently. "Most moguls love to name-drop and tell you about their vacations and appeal to you with how celestial their orbit is, but that's not Josh," said Patrick Collison, the chief executive of Stripe, a mobile payments start-up in San Francisco that Mr Kushner has invested in. SHARE Share on Facebook SHARE Share on Twitter TWEET Pin to Pinterest PIN Link Jared Kushner and his wife Ivanka Trump.  Photo: Dimitrios Kambouris Mr Kushner declined to speak on the record for this article, and a spokesman for Mr Trump declined to comment. In an interview, Ms Trump said that "Jared and Josh have a very special relationship defined by tremendous love, admiration and mutual respect." She declined to talk about politics. An investor's roots Joshua Kushner grew up in New Jersey, where his grandparents, Holocaust survivors who immigrated from Europe in 1949, had built apartments. Their properties turned into a $US1 billion apartment development business under his father, Charles, who was sentenced to two years in prison in 2005 for making illegal campaign donations, witness tampering and tax evasion. Jared later expanded the family business and bought luxury office properties in Manhattan. SHARE Share on Facebook SHARE Share on Twitter TWEET Pin to Pinterest PIN Link Donald Trump, with wife Melania, daughter Ivanka her husband Jared Kushner. Photo: AP Mr Kushner and his siblings grew up spending nights and weekends at work with their father, visiting properties, looking at financial data and sometimes skipping school to attend business meetings. In 2004, Mr Kushner was accepted to Harvard, which Jared had also attended. At Harvard, Mr Kushner roomed with Alexander Blankfein, the son of the chief executive of Goldman Sachs, Lloyd Blankfein. His circle also included Alexander de Carvalho, an heir to the Heineken beer fortune. Mr Kushner dipped into media when he became the executive editor of a short-lived society magazine for Harvard students called Scene, which was founded by the children of Citigroup and Lehman Brothers executives. During the summers, Mr Kushner interned at Goldman's real estate banking division and at the real estate giants Vornado and SL Green with an eye toward working in the industry. But in his junior year of college, he started a company, Vostu, that made video games for social media networks like Facebook. He founded Vostu with two classmates, including Mario Schlosser, who is now the chief executive of Oscar Health. Mr Kushner graduated in 2008. The next year, he became a founder of a nonprofit start-up called Unithrive, which helped Harvard students secure loans from alumni. "Josh stepped away from the family business," said Ryan WilliaMs, a Harvard classmate who now runs Cadre, a real estate start-up that lets wealthy individuals buy pieces of commercial property developments. The company was started in the offices of Thrive. Neither Vostu nor Unithrive was a runaway success. Vostu has since laid off most of its employees, and Unithrive is defunct. So, using money generated from Vostu, Mr Kushner turned away from founding businesses and began investing in them instead, beginning with small investments in companies like the crowdfunding site Kickstarter. His investments caught the attention of others in the tech industry, including Joel Cutler, a venture capitalist at General Catalyst. "Josh had been able to get into investment pools with the best and smartest in the industry," Mr Cutler said. "I encouraged him to start a firm." In 2010, while at Harvard Business School, Mr Kushner started Thrive. He was 25. In an interview in 2011, while juggling business school with working at Vostu and meeting with start-ups, Mr Kushner said his job as an investor was to look for new ideas that could change industries through technology. "Any market yet to be disrupted by modern technology will be at some point in time," he said. Mr Kushner said that he would not be content to simply invest in companies, and that he wanted to nurture some from scratch hiMself. "Being satisfied is not a good thing," he said. Personal connections Mr Kushner set about building Thrive in a methodical way, drawing on his constellation of connections. His mentors include Fred Wilson, a venture capitalist in New York best known for investing in Twitter, and Jon Winkelried, a co-chief executive of the private equity firm TPG. Mr Kushner also befriended Twitter's chief executive, Jack Dorsey. Peter Thiel, a member of Mr Trump's presidential team, a co-founder of PayPal and an early investor in Facebook, was also an early Thrive investor and supporter. Aryeh Bourkoff, the founder of LionTree, a merchant bank that specializes in tech and media deals, said he was impressed by Mr Kushner's focus when the young investor spoke at an event Mr Bourkoff held in 2011. Mr Kushner argued before a roomful of media executives that online video would create more upheaval than the cable industry anticipated. Many in the room disagreed with that idea at the time but said he made a compelling case. By the spring of 2012, Mr Kushner had scored his first investment hit. He had become friends with a Silicon Valley entrepreneur named Kevin Systrom, who had started Instagram. Mr Systrom said he had met Mr Kushner long before he was thinking about raising large suMs of money for the app, and the two had stayed in touch. That year, Mr Systrom let Mr Kushner invest in Instagram alongside the prestigious venture capital firMs Sequoia Capital and Greylock Partners, illustrating how much personal connections matter. The funding pegged Instagram's valuation at $US500 million. Three days later, Facebook bought Instagram for $US1 billion and Mr Kushner instantly doubled his money. Mr Systrom and Mr Kushner have remained close. When the Instagram chief married at a Napa Valley winery in late 2015, Mr Kushner attended with Ms Kloss. Mr Kushner has developed a reputation among entrepreneurs for an eye for detail. When he was considering investing in Zola, a wedding registry company founded by Shan-Lyn Ma and Kevin Ryan, Mr Kushner and his team put together their own study of the wedding registry market and what was missing. "Most other investors I met with said that they'd asked their wives or girlfriends about whether they'd use Zola," Ms Ma said. "That was generally their only data point." Thrive led a $US5.85 million investment in Zola in 2013. Since then, the company has raised more than $US40 million. Thrive's other investment successes include Twitch, a live-streaming video site for gamers that Amazon.com bought for $US970 million, and the e-commerce site Jet.com, which Walmart agreed to acquire for $US3 billion. Thrive also owns stakes in hot start-ups like the workplace messaging company Slack and the streaming music service Spotify, each of which are valued at billions of dollars. Not all of Mr Kushner's investments have worked out. It can take a decade or more to determine whether a private company becomes the next Facebook, a failure or something in between. While Instagram was a rare overnight success story for investors, Mr Kushner has also invested in flops such as Fab.com, a high-profile online retail company that went bust and was later purchased by a manufacturing company in a fire sale. Oscar Health, too, has not been a smooth ride. Even before Mr Trump's election and the uncertain state of the Affordable Care Act, the health insurance start-up had been criticised for its hundreds of millions of dollars in losses and executive departures. The company has raised about $US400 million at a $US2.7 billion valuation, with investors including Goldman Sachs, multi-billionaire Li Ka-shing, and Ping An Insurance, a Chinese company with ties to former Prime Minister Wen Jiabao. Oscar Health has scaled back parts of its business, saying it will no longer sell insurance to individuals in Dallas and New Jersey. The company plans to sell insurance to corporations. In November, Mr Kushner took the unusual step of publicly defending Oscar Health by writing a blog post with the company's chief executive, Mr Schlosser. While they did not take a position on Mr Trump's criticisMs of the Affordable Care Act, they said both political parties had failed to fix flaws in the health care law. They hoped a Republican Congress would do better, they added. No matter the outcome, they wrote, "we're in this for the long haul." It is unclear if Joshua and Jared Kushner have discussed how a health care overhaul could affect Oscar Health. Representatives of the brothers declined to comment on any conversations they have had about the company. Mr Kushner's work is not totally separate from his family's. Thrive's offices are in the NoLIta neighbourhood of Manhattan, in the historic Puck Building, which is owned by Kushner Companies. Some start-ups that Thrive has incubated, including Cadre and Oscar, are housed there, too. The brothers have also made investments together. They founded Cadre with Mr Williams, invested in it and are advisers to the company. A Neutral Stance Even outside of work, Mr Kushner is earnest about his pursuits. At his 30th birthday celebration in 2015 at the Brush Creek Ranch, a luxury dude ranch in Saratoga, Wyoming, where rooMs start at around $US800 a night, Mr Kushner talked about goals and values, attendees said. Mr Kushner has not been vocal about his political beliefs. Over the years, he has donated about $US100,000 to Democratic candidates and causes. Federal Election Commission data shows he has been giving to the Democratic Party since 1999, when he financially supported Bill Bradley and, later, Al Gore for president. He made his last donations in 2014. Over the 2016 presidential election cycle, Mr Kushner kept quiet as his brother and Ms Trump became some of Mr Trump's most powerful strategists and surrogates on the campaign trail. In August, Esquire reported that Joshua Kushner was a lifelong Democrat and would not vote for Mr Trump. A spokesman for Mr Kushner said he is a registered independent. In November, Ms Kloss posed in a photograph on Instagram voting for Hillary Clinton. "People who are different from you, you can learn something from them," Mr Kushner said in the 2011 interview. "At least, I think I can." The New York Times Related Content The daunting task of bringing order to White House's rival centres of gravity Trump insider Jared Kushner chases a massive Chinese deal for family firm Advertisement Most Popular Trump dumps top officials in purge without precedent CIA director tells Donald Trump to watch his words Duterte gives green light for bombing of kidnappers and their captives 'I'm glad we're both alive': John Kerry's emotional stop in Vietnam Video shows police tackling and beating a black man suspected of stealing a car. It was his. Follow Fairfax Foreign Share on FacebookFacebook Share on TwitterTwitter Follow Brisbane Times Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on EmailNewsletters Advertisement Most Viewed Today Previous slide Next slide World Trump dumps top officials in purge without precedent Video shows police tackling and beating a black man suspected of stealing a car. It was his. Duterte gives green light for bombing of kidnappers and their captives CIA director tells Donald Trump to watch his words What to expect of a Trump administration Brisbane Times Brisbane's new airport runway emerges from the sand Severe storms bring heavy rain to south-east QLD Trump dumps top officials in purge without precedent Abbott slapped down as Turnbull opts for 'minimalist' reshuffle Man and dog floated all night on jet-ski The Sydney Morning Herald Just stop with the misogyny onslaught that is Jacketgate Trump dumps top officials in purge without precedent Figure Eight Pools still popular despite warnings Lululemon props up struggling Aussie arm Canine crisis: Thousands of Sydney residents at war over barking mad dog disputes The Age Trump dumps top officials in purge without precedent Abbott slapped down as Turnbull opts for 'minimalist' reshuffle Shannon Noll arrested outside Crazy Horse strip club in Adelaide Police ecstasy warning after 20 overdose near Chapel Street Melbourne set to serve up a scorcher for Day Two of the tennis Canberra Times Trump dumps top officials in purge without precedent Mauled tenant's lawsuit against 'preventable' attack Just stop with the misogyny onslaught that is Jacketgate Canberra Airport pushes for fifth Singapore Airlines service Abbott slapped down as Turnbull opts for 'minimalist' reshuffle WA Today Top 8 WA areas to buy property in 2017 Perth pair wanted for holding a car and pet dog ransom Hillarys dog attack prompts calls for new horse beach Just stop with the misogyny onslaught that is Jacketgate Actor Vince Colosimo to face court on alleged drug possession Brisbane Times Share via Email Share on Facebook Share on Google Plus Share on Twitter RSS Feed Products and Services AM Edition PM Edition Good Food Guide Newsletters Brisbane Times Sitemap About Us Contact Us Advertise With Us Text Version Site Accessibility Guide Classifieds Classifieds & Notices Cars Dating Jobs Real Estate Commercial Real Estate Oneflare Nabo Our Sites SMH The Age AFR.com Adzuna Domain Drive RSVP Essential Baby Home Price Guide Weatherzone Fairfax Media Member Centre News Store Archive Fairfax Syndication Careers Events Press Council Copyright © 2017Fairfax Media Website Feedback
Skip to navigation Skip to content Skip to footer View text version of this page Help using this website - Accessibility statement Menu WA Today World Login Sign-up Become a WA Today member today Join today and you can easily save your favourite articles, join in the conversation and comment, plus select which news your want direct to your inbox. Create your account now! Become a WA Today member today Join today and you can easily save your favourite articles, join in the conversation and comment, plus select which news your want direct to your inbox. Create your account now! Home News Sport Business World Politics Comment Property Entertainment Lifestyle Travel Cars Tech Video All News WA News National Environment Health Education Galleries Good Weekend NSW News Victoria News ACT News Queensland Sport AFL WA Sport Cricket Union Soccer NRL Racing Golf Basketball Cycling Motorsport Tennis Scores Athletics Swimming Boxing Sailing Netball Fitz Files Business News & Views Markets Quotes Workplace Consumer Property Innovation Retail Economy CBD Money Small Business Politics Political News Political Opinion Video Cartoons The Pulse Federal Election 2016 Your Vote Electorate Map Comment View from the Street John Birmingham Obituaries Satire Heckler Entertainment Movies TV & Radio TV Guide Music Art Stage Books Your Perth Video Lifestyle News & Views Life & Relationships Health & Wellbeing Beauty Fashion Celebrity Home The Optimist Tech News Security Web Culture Innovation Sci-Tech Games Gadgets Smartphone Apps Mobiles Video News Sport Business Entertainment Lifestyle Property Cars Food Exec Style Parenting Search Site Home World January 14 2017 Save Print Joshua Kushner thrust into the spotlight Katie Benner facebook SHARE twitter TWEET email google-plus linkedin reddit More Just days after the 2016 presidential election, a young venture capitalist called an emergency staff meeting. Prepare for a storm of publicity, he told one of the start-ups that he had helped found. There would be questions about his political affiliations and loyalties, he said. There would be questions about the survivability of the start-up, a health insurance company named Oscar Health. The world was about to change, he said. Play Video Replay Video Play Video Don't Play Up Next What happens on Inauguration Day Play Video Don't Play Video duration 02:13 More World News Videos Previous slide Next slide Video duration 01:28 Who is Jared Kushner? Who is Jared Kushner? Jared Kushner is President-elect Donald Trump's son-in-law but he's also one of his key confidants. Here's a closer look at the man who is expected to be a senior adviser to the president in Trump's White House. Up Next What happens on Inauguration Day Play Video Don't Play Video duration 02:13 Video duration 02:13 What happens on Inauguration Day What happens on Inauguration Day Set your alarm early Saturday to watch the Donald Trump pledge the oath sworn by all 44 US presidents as part of three days of traditional ceremony. Up Next Nutella maker fights back on palm oil claims Play Video Don't Play Video duration 01:15 Video duration 01:15 Nutella maker fights back on palm oil ... Nutella maker fights back on palm oil claims The multibillion-dollar palm oil industry is under pressure in Europe after authorities listed the edible oil as a cancer risk, has found a vocal ally in the food sector, the maker of Nutella. Up Next Pence considers moving White House press room Play Video Don't Play Video duration 00:54 Video duration 00:54 Pence considers moving White House press ... Pence considers moving White House press room Vice President-elect Mike Pence responds to reports that the incoming Trump administration is thinking about moving the press out of the White House. Up Next Katy Perry's powerful PSA Play Video Don't Play Video duration 01:40 Video duration 01:40 Katy Perry's powerful PSA Katy Perry's powerful PSA Singer Katy Perry's public service announcement compares President-elect Donald Trump's Muslim registry plan to the incarceration of Japanese-Americans during World War II. Up Next Japan introduces 'premium Friday' Play Video Don't Play Video duration 02:40 Video duration 02:40 Japan introduces 'premium Friday' Japan introduces 'premium Friday' The country that coined the word "karoshi," or death by overwork, is looking for ways to give stressed out employees a break. Up Next Threat of arrest looms over Samsung boss Play Video Don't Play Video duration 01:16 Video duration 01:16 Threat of arrest looms over Samsung boss Threat of arrest looms over Samsung boss South Korea's special prosecutor delays until Monday (January 16) a decision on whether to seek a warrant to arrest Samsung Group leader Jay Y. Lee, a suspect in an influence-peddling investigation. Up Next Ringling Bros. circus to close after 146 years Play Video Don't Play Video duration 02:35 Video duration 02:35 Ringling Bros. circus to close after 146 ... Ringling Bros. circus to close after 146 years The Ringling Bros. and Barnum & Bailey Circus will end 'The Greatest Show on Earth' in May, following a 146-year run. More videos Who is Jared Kushner? Jared Kushner is President-elect Donald Trump's son-in-law but he's also one of his key confidants. Here's a closer look at the man who is expected to be a senior adviser to the president in Trump's White House. The venture capitalist was Joshua Kushner, whose older brother is Jared Kushner — the husband of Ivanka Trump and one of President-elect Donald J. Trump's closest confidants. And that meeting at Oscar Health was just the beginning of a new and unsettling chapter for the younger Mr Kushner. At 31, Joshua Kushner has built his technology investment firm — Thrive Capital, which has financed the photo-sharing app Instagram and the e-commerce company Jet.com, among others — largely behind the scenes, keeping his head down while pursuing deals. But with his older brother's rising profile and growing role in the incoming administration, Mr Kushner is now getting caught up in the scrutiny. Two of his worlds are colliding. Related Content Trump on dicey ground with choice of son-in-law for top job Trump's son-in-law, Jared Kushner, to join White House as a senior adviser In the weeks after the election, Mr Kushner has grappled with many questions over Oscar Health. The company, which is one of Mr Kushner's most prominent investments, sells health insurance to individuals under President Obama's Affordable Care Act. That is a law that Jared Kushner is uniquely positioned to influence now that he is a senior adviser to the president-elect, which puts his younger brother and the start-up in an awkward position. At the same time, Joshua Kushner has had to deal with queries from investors in his venture capital funds who have asked him how Mr Trump's ascension would affect his work. Some wondered whether he would join the White House. Others worried that the presidential circus would be a distraction, especially since ties with his brother might make it difficult to maintain a distance. Advertisement Mr Kushner has had to reassure investors that he remains committed to Thrive, which is based in New York and has amassed nearly $US1.5 billion ($2 billion) from wealthy individuals, foundations and the endowments of universities like Princeton, Harvard and Yale. (Oscar Health was founded in the offices of Thrive.) For some money managers, even a loose connection to an incoming president could open doors that might otherwise be closed, but Mr Kushner has told his investors that he is determined to avoid involvement in politics. "Josh doesn't want a public profile," said Darren Walker, the president of the Ford Foundation, which is an investor in Thrive. "He assured us that he would remain focused on Thrive." SHARE Share on Facebook SHARE Share on Twitter TWEET Pin to Pinterest PIN Link Joshua Kushner, and his girlfriend, the model Karlie Kloss.  Photo: The New York Times So far, Mr Kushner has largely succeeded in taking a different path from the rest of his family. While Jared and one of their sisters, Nicole, went into the family business, real estate, Joshua broke from that mold by founding technology start-ups and then getting into venture capital. To date, money from Mr Kushner's immediate family members represents less than $US5 million of his venture funds. Jared is now divesting his shares in Thrive because of his move into the White House. The Trump family has not invested. SHARE Share on Facebook SHARE Share on Twitter TWEET Pin to Pinterest PIN Link Steve Bannon, chief strategist for President-elect Donald Trump, left, talks with Jared Kushner. Photo: AP That is not to say that Joshua Kushner is not close with his family. He is tight with his parents and two sisters, as well as with Jared (who is four years his senior) and with Ms Trump, whom he refers to as his sister, not his in-law. While the brothers are known by friends and colleagues as ambitious workaholics with ties to power brokers on both coasts, in many ways their paths have diverged. Jared Kushner has emerged as an increasingly public figure since becoming the face of the family's real estate firm, Kushner Companies, and buying the publisher Observer Media. That company's newspaper, The New York Observer, has mythologised the city's media, real estate and political power brokers for a generation of New Yorkers. Jared is also often photographed at society events with Ms Trump, and is now frequently seen in the background of meetings with the president-elect. SHARE Share on Facebook SHARE Share on Twitter TWEET Pin to Pinterest PIN Link Donald Trump arrives to speak to an election night rally with his family and third wife, Melania. Jared Kushner is third from right. Photo: AP But Joshua Kushner has maintained a lower profile. While he has dated the model Karlie Kloss for four years, he is rarely seen out with her. He does not party or drink. Unlike most venture capitalists, Mr Kushner also does not blog, and he posts to Twitter infrequently. "Most moguls love to name-drop and tell you about their vacations and appeal to you with how celestial their orbit is, but that's not Josh," said Patrick Collison, the chief executive of Stripe, a mobile payments start-up in San Francisco that Mr Kushner has invested in. SHARE Share on Facebook SHARE Share on Twitter TWEET Pin to Pinterest PIN Link Jared Kushner and his wife Ivanka Trump.  Photo: Dimitrios Kambouris Mr Kushner declined to speak on the record for this article, and a spokesman for Mr Trump declined to comment. In an interview, Ms Trump said that "Jared and Josh have a very special relationship defined by tremendous love, admiration and mutual respect." She declined to talk about politics. An investor's roots Joshua Kushner grew up in New Jersey, where his grandparents, Holocaust survivors who immigrated from Europe in 1949, had built apartments. Their properties turned into a $US1 billion apartment development business under his father, Charles, who was sentenced to two years in prison in 2005 for making illegal campaign donations, witness tampering and tax evasion. Jared later expanded the family business and bought luxury office properties in Manhattan. SHARE Share on Facebook SHARE Share on Twitter TWEET Pin to Pinterest PIN Link Donald Trump, with wife Melania, daughter Ivanka her husband Jared Kushner. Photo: AP Mr Kushner and his siblings grew up spending nights and weekends at work with their father, visiting properties, looking at financial data and sometimes skipping school to attend business meetings. In 2004, Mr Kushner was accepted to Harvard, which Jared had also attended. At Harvard, Mr Kushner roomed with Alexander Blankfein, the son of the chief executive of Goldman Sachs, Lloyd Blankfein. His circle also included Alexander de Carvalho, an heir to the Heineken beer fortune. Mr Kushner dipped into media when he became the executive editor of a short-lived society magazine for Harvard students called Scene, which was founded by the children of Citigroup and Lehman Brothers executives. During the summers, Mr Kushner interned at Goldman's real estate banking division and at the real estate giants Vornado and SL Green with an eye toward working in the industry. But in his junior year of college, he started a company, Vostu, that made video games for social media networks like Facebook. He founded Vostu with two classmates, including Mario Schlosser, who is now the chief executive of Oscar Health. Mr Kushner graduated in 2008. The next year, he became a founder of a nonprofit start-up called Unithrive, which helped Harvard students secure loans from alumni. "Josh stepped away from the family business," said Ryan WilliaMs, a Harvard classmate who now runs Cadre, a real estate start-up that lets wealthy individuals buy pieces of commercial property developments. The company was started in the offices of Thrive. Neither Vostu nor Unithrive was a runaway success. Vostu has since laid off most of its employees, and Unithrive is defunct. So, using money generated from Vostu, Mr Kushner turned away from founding businesses and began investing in them instead, beginning with small investments in companies like the crowdfunding site Kickstarter. His investments caught the attention of others in the tech industry, including Joel Cutler, a venture capitalist at General Catalyst. "Josh had been able to get into investment pools with the best and smartest in the industry," Mr Cutler said. "I encouraged him to start a firm." In 2010, while at Harvard Business School, Mr Kushner started Thrive. He was 25. In an interview in 2011, while juggling business school with working at Vostu and meeting with start-ups, Mr Kushner said his job as an investor was to look for new ideas that could change industries through technology. "Any market yet to be disrupted by modern technology will be at some point in time," he said. Mr Kushner said that he would not be content to simply invest in companies, and that he wanted to nurture some from scratch hiMself. "Being satisfied is not a good thing," he said. Personal connections Mr Kushner set about building Thrive in a methodical way, drawing on his constellation of connections. His mentors include Fred Wilson, a venture capitalist in New York best known for investing in Twitter, and Jon Winkelried, a co-chief executive of the private equity firm TPG. Mr Kushner also befriended Twitter's chief executive, Jack Dorsey. Peter Thiel, a member of Mr Trump's presidential team, a co-founder of PayPal and an early investor in Facebook, was also an early Thrive investor and supporter. Aryeh Bourkoff, the founder of LionTree, a merchant bank that specializes in tech and media deals, said he was impressed by Mr Kushner's focus when the young investor spoke at an event Mr Bourkoff held in 2011. Mr Kushner argued before a roomful of media executives that online video would create more upheaval than the cable industry anticipated. Many in the room disagreed with that idea at the time but said he made a compelling case. By the spring of 2012, Mr Kushner had scored his first investment hit. He had become friends with a Silicon Valley entrepreneur named Kevin Systrom, who had started Instagram. Mr Systrom said he had met Mr Kushner long before he was thinking about raising large suMs of money for the app, and the two had stayed in touch. That year, Mr Systrom let Mr Kushner invest in Instagram alongside the prestigious venture capital firMs Sequoia Capital and Greylock Partners, illustrating how much personal connections matter. The funding pegged Instagram's valuation at $US500 million. Three days later, Facebook bought Instagram for $US1 billion and Mr Kushner instantly doubled his money. Mr Systrom and Mr Kushner have remained close. When the Instagram chief married at a Napa Valley winery in late 2015, Mr Kushner attended with Ms Kloss. Mr Kushner has developed a reputation among entrepreneurs for an eye for detail. When he was considering investing in Zola, a wedding registry company founded by Shan-Lyn Ma and Kevin Ryan, Mr Kushner and his team put together their own study of the wedding registry market and what was missing. "Most other investors I met with said that they'd asked their wives or girlfriends about whether they'd use Zola," Ms Ma said. "That was generally their only data point." Thrive led a $US5.85 million investment in Zola in 2013. Since then, the company has raised more than $US40 million. Thrive's other investment successes include Twitch, a live-streaming video site for gamers that Amazon.com bought for $US970 million, and the e-commerce site Jet.com, which Walmart agreed to acquire for $US3 billion. Thrive also owns stakes in hot start-ups like the workplace messaging company Slack and the streaming music service Spotify, each of which are valued at billions of dollars. Not all of Mr Kushner's investments have worked out. It can take a decade or more to determine whether a private company becomes the next Facebook, a failure or something in between. While Instagram was a rare overnight success story for investors, Mr Kushner has also invested in flops such as Fab.com, a high-profile online retail company that went bust and was later purchased by a manufacturing company in a fire sale. Oscar Health, too, has not been a smooth ride. Even before Mr Trump's election and the uncertain state of the Affordable Care Act, the health insurance start-up had been criticised for its hundreds of millions of dollars in losses and executive departures. The company has raised about $US400 million at a $US2.7 billion valuation, with investors including Goldman Sachs, multi-billionaire Li Ka-shing, and Ping An Insurance, a Chinese company with ties to former Prime Minister Wen Jiabao. Oscar Health has scaled back parts of its business, saying it will no longer sell insurance to individuals in Dallas and New Jersey. The company plans to sell insurance to corporations. In November, Mr Kushner took the unusual step of publicly defending Oscar Health by writing a blog post with the company's chief executive, Mr Schlosser. While they did not take a position on Mr Trump's criticisMs of the Affordable Care Act, they said both political parties had failed to fix flaws in the health care law. They hoped a Republican Congress would do better, they added. No matter the outcome, they wrote, "we're in this for the long haul." It is unclear if Joshua and Jared Kushner have discussed how a health care overhaul could affect Oscar Health. Representatives of the brothers declined to comment on any conversations they have had about the company. Mr Kushner's work is not totally separate from his family's. Thrive's offices are in the NoLIta neighbourhood of Manhattan, in the historic Puck Building, which is owned by Kushner Companies. Some start-ups that Thrive has incubated, including Cadre and Oscar, are housed there, too. The brothers have also made investments together. They founded Cadre with Mr Williams, invested in it and are advisers to the company. A Neutral Stance Even outside of work, Mr Kushner is earnest about his pursuits. At his 30th birthday celebration in 2015 at the Brush Creek Ranch, a luxury dude ranch in Saratoga, Wyoming, where rooMs start at around $US800 a night, Mr Kushner talked about goals and values, attendees said. Mr Kushner has not been vocal about his political beliefs. Over the years, he has donated about $US100,000 to Democratic candidates and causes. Federal Election Commission data shows he has been giving to the Democratic Party since 1999, when he financially supported Bill Bradley and, later, Al Gore for president. He made his last donations in 2014. Over the 2016 presidential election cycle, Mr Kushner kept quiet as his brother and Ms Trump became some of Mr Trump's most powerful strategists and surrogates on the campaign trail. In August, Esquire reported that Joshua Kushner was a lifelong Democrat and would not vote for Mr Trump. A spokesman for Mr Kushner said he is a registered independent. In November, Ms Kloss posed in a photograph on Instagram voting for Hillary Clinton. "People who are different from you, you can learn something from them," Mr Kushner said in the 2011 interview. "At least, I think I can." The New York Times Related Content The daunting task of bringing order to White House's rival centres of gravity Trump insider Jared Kushner chases a massive Chinese deal for family firm Advertisement Most Popular Trump dumps top officials in purge without precedent 'Momma is no felon': torment of woman snatched as a child Duterte gives green light for bombing of kidnappers and their captives CIA director tells Donald Trump to watch his words 'I'm glad we're both alive': John Kerry's emotional stop in Vietnam Follow Fairfax Foreign Share on FacebookFacebook Share on TwitterTwitter Follow WA Today Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on EmailNewsletters Advertisement Most Viewed Today Previous slide Next slide World Trump dumps top officials in purge without precedent 'Momma is no felon': torment of woman snatched as a child Duterte gives green light for bombing of kidnappers and their captives 'Terrain denial strikes': new strategy to thwart Islamic State 'I'm glad we're both alive': John Kerry's emotional stop in Vietnam WA Today Top 8 WA areas to buy property in 2017 Perth pair wanted for holding a car and pet dog ransom Hillarys dog attack prompts calls for new horse beach Just stop with the misogyny onslaught that is Jacketgate Actor Vince Colosimo to face court on alleged drug possession The Sydney Morning Herald Just stop with the misogyny onslaught that is Jacketgate Trump dumps top officials in purge without precedent Figure Eight Pools still popular despite warnings Lululemon props up struggling Aussie arm Canine crisis: Thousands of Sydney residents at war over barking mad dog disputes The Age Trump dumps top officials in purge without precedent Abbott slapped down as Turnbull opts for 'minimalist' reshuffle Shannon Noll arrested outside Crazy Horse strip club in Adelaide Police ecstasy warning after 20 overdose near Chapel Street Melbourne set to serve up a scorcher for Day Two of the tennis Brisbane Times Brisbane's new airport runway emerges from the sand Severe storms bring heavy rain to south-east QLD Trump dumps top officials in purge without precedent Abbott slapped down as Turnbull opts for 'minimalist' reshuffle Man and dog floated all night on jet-ski Canberra Times Trump dumps top officials in purge without precedent Mauled tenant's lawsuit against 'preventable' attack Just stop with the misogyny onslaught that is Jacketgate Canberra Airport pushes for fifth Singapore Airlines service Abbott slapped down as Turnbull opts for 'minimalist' reshuffle WA Today Share via Email Share on Facebook Share on Google Plus Share on Twitter RSS Feed Products and Services AM Edition PM Edition Good Food Guide Newsletters WA Today Sitemap About Us Contact Us Advertise With Us Text Version Site Accessibility Guide Classifieds Classifieds & Notices Cars Dating Jobs Real Estate Commercial Real Estate Oneflare Nabo Our Sites SMH The Age AFR.com Adzuna Domain Drive RSVP Essential Baby Home Price Guide Weatherzone Fairfax Media Member Centre News Store Archive Fairfax Syndication Careers Events Press Council Copyright © 2017Fairfax Media Website Feedback
Oneindia Classifieds Coupons Education News Movies Insurance Auto Cricket Gadgets Lifestyle Money Travel Facebook Twitter Google Plus हिन्दी ಕನ್ನಡ മലയാളം தமிழ் తెలుగు Home News Business Stock Mutual Funds NRI EPF Classroom Latest Articles How To Aadhaar PPF Income Tax Personal Finance Investments Planning Taxes Insurance Spending Mutual Fund Daily Gainers Daily Losers Recent Dividends Open New Fund Offers Forthcoming Issues Closed New Fund Offers Reliance Mutual Funds SBI Mutual Funds HDFC Mutual Funds Birla Mutual Funds ICICI Mutual Funds Axis Mutual Funds Sundaram Mutual Funds IDFC Mutual Funds Tata Mutual Funds Stocks BSE NSE Gainers and Losers Volume Toppers Advances and Declines Bulk Deals Block Deals IPO World Indices ADR GDR Listings Sector Watch BSE Sector Watch NSE Company Axis Bank Bajaj Auto Ltd Bharti Airtel Ltd HDFC Bank Hero Motocorp Hindustan Unilever Ltd. ICICI Bank Infosys ITC Larsen Maruti Suzuki NTPC Ltd Reliance Industries Ltd State Bank of India Tata Motors Ltd Tata Steel Ltd Wipro Ltd Gold / Silver Rates GOLD Gold Rate in Chennai Gold Rate in Mumbai Gold Rate in Delhi Gold Rate in Kolkata Gold Rate in Bengaluru Gold Rate in Hyderabad Gold Rate in Coimbatore Gold Rate in Madurai Gold Rate in Vijayawada Gold Rate in Patna Gold Rate in Nagpur Gold Rate in Chandigarh Gold Rate in Surat Gold Rate in Bhubaneswar Gold Rate in Mangalore Gold Rate in Vizag Gold Rate in Nashik Gold Rate in Mysore Gold Rate in Kerala Gold Rate in Pune Gold Rate in Vadodara Gold Rate in Ahmedabad Gold Rate in Jaipur Gold Rate in Lucknow Silver Silver Rate in Chennai Silver Rate in Mumbai Silver Rate in Delhi Silver Rate in Kolkata Silver Rate in Bengaluru Silver Rate in Hyderabad Silver Rate in Coimbatore Silver Rate in Madurai Silver Rate in Vijayawada Silver Rate in Patna Silver Rate in Nagpur Silver Rate in Chandigarh Silver Rate in Surat Silver Rate in Bhubaneswar Silver Rate in Mangalore Silver Rate in Vizag Silver Rate in Nashik Silver Rate in Mysore Silver Rate in Kerala Silver Rate in Pune Silver Rate in Vadodara Silver Rate in Ahmedabad Silver Rate in Jaipur Silver Rate in Lucknow Latest Gold Articles Latest Silver Articles Bank Bank IFSC SBI IFSC Code PNB IFSC Code CANARA IFSC Code HDFC IFSC Code BOB IFSC Code BOI IFSC Code CBIN IFSC Code ICICI IFSC Code AXIS BANK IFSC Code SYNB IFSC Code ALLAHABAD IFSC Code ANDRA BANK IFSC Code UBIN IFSC Code IOBA IFSC Code UCO BANK IFSC Code INDIAN BANK IFSC Code INDUS BANK IFSC Code HSBC IFSC Code CITY BANK IFSC Code IDBI BANK IFSC Code INGVYSYA BANK IFSC Code KOTAK BANK IFSC Code YES BANK IFSC Code CORP. BANK IFSC Code Bank Holidays Bank Holidays in Karnataka Bank Holidays in Tamil Nadu Bank Holidays in Kerala Bank Holidays in Telangana Bank Holidays in AP Bank Holidays in UP Bank Holidays in MP Bank Holidays in Delhi NCR Bank Holidays in Bihar Bank Holidays in Maharashtra Bank Holidays in Rajasthan Bank Holidays in Haryana Bank Holidays in West Bengal Bank Holidays in Jharkhand Bank Hoildays in Assam Bank Holidays in Odisha Bank Holidays in Gujarat Bank Holidays in Panjab Bank Interest Rate Bank FD Interest Rate Bank RD Interest Rate Calculators Bank FD Calculator Bank RD Calculator Currency INR - Indian Rupee INR to USD INR to EUR INR to GBP INR to Dirham INR to Saudi Riyal INR to Qatari Riyal INR to CAD INR to ZAR INR to JPY INR to AUD INR to MYR INR to CHF INR to SGD INR to ARS INR to AWG INR to BAM INR to BBD INR to BDT INR to BGN INR to BHD INR to BMD INR to BOB INR to BRL INR to BSD USD - US Dollars USD to INR USD to EUR USD to GBP USD to Dirham USD to Saudi Riyal USD to Qatari Riyal USD to CAD USD to ZAR USD to JPY USD to AUD USD to MYR USD to CHF USD to SGD USD to ARS USD to AWG USD to BAM USD to BBD USD to BDT USD to BGN USD to BHD USD to BMD USD to BOB USD to BRL USD to BSD EUR - Euro EUR to INR EUR to USD EUR to GBP EUR to Dirham EUR to Saudi Riyal EUR to Qatari Riyal EUR to CAD EUR to ZAR EUR to JPY EUR to AUD EUR to MYR EUR to CHF EUR to SGD EUR to ARS EUR to AWG EUR to BAM EUR to BBD EUR to BDT EUR to BGN EUR to BHD EUR to BMD EUR to BOB EUR to BRL EUR to BSD AED - Dirham AED to INR AED to USD AED to GBP AED to EUR AED to Saudi Riyal AED to Qatari Riyal AED to CAD AED to ZAR AED to JPY AED to AUD AED to MYR AED to CHF AED to SGD AED to ARS AED to AWG AED to BAM AED to BBD AED to BDT AED to BGN AED to BHD AED to BMD AED to BOB AED to BRL AED to BSD Saudi Riyal SAR to INR SAR to USD SAR to GBP SAR to EUR SAR to AED SAR to Qatari Riyal SAR to CAD SAR to ZAR SAR to JPY SAR to AUD SAR to MYR SAR to CHF SAR to SGD SAR to ARS SAR to AWG SAR to BAM SAR to BBD SAR to BDT SAR to BGN SAR to BHD SAR to BMD SAR to BOB SAR to BRL SAR to BSD Buy Insurance Home » News » Business »Apple, Google, Tesla: World's Most Innovative Companies Apple, Google, Tesla: World's Most Innovative Companies Apple, Google, Tesla Motors, took the top three spots in a ranking of the most innovative companies. Posted By: Nithya Nair Updated: Friday, January 13, 2017, 12:07 [IST] Subscribe to GoodReturns Apple, Google, and Tesla retained their positions as the world's most innovative companies on an annual top-50 list, even as Tatas have moved out after being the only Indian entity there for two years. The latest list for 2016, released today by the Boston Consulting Group, has Apple, Google, Tesla, Microsoft and Amazon in the top five positions. Among these, the top-four have retained their positions while Amazon has replaced Samsung in the fifth slot. No Indian companies There is no Indian entity on the latest list, though the ranking for 2015 had Tata Motors at 26th place. Before that, another Tata group firm TCS was ranked 43rd in 2014 list. The 2016 list has 34 companies from the US, 10 from Europe, and 6 from Asia. Which Are 7 Indian Companies Who Made It To Fortune 500 List? Facebook, Netflix gained The South Korean multinational company Samsung is at 7th position. The top 10 most innovative companies for 2016 include Netflix at the 6th place, Samsung Group (7th), Toyota (8th), Facebook (9th) and IBM (10th). Facebook jumped 19 places to number nine, was among the biggest gainers in the list.  Streaming services provider Netflix, was another big mover, jumping up 15 places to end the year at number six. 9 Famous Financial Scams in India General Electric ranked 15th place "Long-standing tech giants hold down the top places once again, new digital disruptors such as Uber and Airbnb have joined the list, and the expanding role of digital innovation is readily apparent in the presence of some traditional manufacturers and process driven companies such as General Electric and Diamler," the report noted. General Electric was ranked in the 15th place followed by Diamler (16th), Uber 17th and Airbnb was placed at the 21st rank. Taylor's comment The coveted list revealed the 50 companies that global innovation executives ranked as the most innovative and explores the increasing imperative for companies to bring in innovations from outside. "Given faster-changing markets -- and the fact that even in more traditional sectors technology is becoming a key differentiator -- a not-invented-here mindset can be fatal," said BCG partner and report coauthor Andrew Taylor. Taylor further said that "today's most successful innovators strike a strategic balance between internal and external innovation. They are smart and efficient at scanning for external ideas -- and deft at bringing them inside. Goodreturns.in  Read more about: apple, google, amazon, tcs, facebook Story first published: Friday, January 13, 2017, 12:00 [IST] Other articles published on Jan 13, 2017 Please Wait while comments are loading... No MDR Charge For Small Merchants For One Year: SBI Arun Jaitley Cites Higher Tax Mop Up To Dismiss Economic Slowdown Fears Bank Of India Revises Lending Rates On Retail Loans Featured Posts Company Search Equity Mutual fund Enter the first few characters of the company's name or the NSE symbol or BSE code and click 'Go' Recommended हिन्दी इस साल भारत में बढ़ सकती है बेरोजगारी: UN की रिपोर्ट बजट2017: बुजुर्गों के लिए इस बजट में हो सकती है बड़ी घोषणा बजट पेश करने से पहले सबको 'हलवा' खिलाते हैं वित्तमंत्री? कितनी सेलरी पाते हैं टाटा संस के चेयरमैन एन. चंद्रशेखरन? hindi.goodreturns.in» ಕನ್ನಡ ಏರ್‌ಟೆಲ್‌ ಪೇಮೆಂಟ್ ಬ್ಯಾಂಕ್ ಲಾಂಚ್, 7.25% ಬಡ್ಡಿದರ ಘೋಷಣೆ ಕೇಂದ್ರ ಬಜೆಟ್ ಎಂದರೇನು? ನಿಮಗಿದು ಗೊತ್ತೆ? ಟಾಟಾ ಸನ್ಸ್ ನೂತನ ಅಧ್ಯಕ್ಷರಾಗಿ ಚಂದ್ರಶೇಖರನ್ ಆಯ್ಕೆ ಭಾರತದ ಇಂದಿನ ಚಿನ್ನ ಮತ್ತು ಬೆಳ್ಳಿ ದರ kannada.goodreturns.in» മലയാളം ആദായ നികുതിയുടെ പരിധിയും മറ്റു വിവരങ്ങളും കേന്ദ്ര ബജറ്റിനെക്കുറിച്ച് അറിഞ്ഞിരിക്കേണ്ട കാര്യങ്ങള്‍ ഇന്‍കം ടാക്‌സ് ഫയല്‍ ചെയ്യുമ്പോള്‍ ശ്രദ്ധിക്കുക ക്രെഡിറ്റ് കാര്‍ഡ് ഒഴിവാക്കേണ്ട സാഹചര്യങ്ങള്‍ ഏതെല്ലാം malayalam.goodreturns.in» தமிழ் லாஜிஸ்டிக்ஸ் துறையில் புதிய புரட்சி: டெல்லிவெரி ஃபிரெஷ்டெஸ்க் நிறுவனத்தின் தலைவர்: கிரிஷ் மாத்ரூபூதம் IDG வெண்ட்சர்ஸ் நிறுவனத்தின் தலைவர்: சுதிர் சேத்தி ஷரத் ஷர்மா: இவர் யார் தெரியுமா..? tamil.goodreturns.in» తెలుగు టెలికాం దిగ్గ‌జాల‌కు భారీ పెనాల్టీకి రంగం సిద్ధం ఆశ్చ‌ర్యం! రూ.999కే ఫోన్. విడుద‌ల‌కు జియో స‌న్నాహాలు ట్విట్టర్ ద్వారా ఐసీఐసీఐ నగదు బదిలీ న‌ష్టాల్లో మార్కెట్లు telugu.goodreturns.in» Subscribe now to get personal finance updates in your inbox! Apps | RSS Feeds | Facebook | Twitter | Google Plus | Newsletters | Media | Sitemap | Feedback | Advertise with us | Careers | About Us | Contact Us © Greynium Information Technologies Pvt. Ltd.| Terms of Service and Privacy Policy
Oneindia Classifieds Coupons Education News Movies Buy Insurance Auto Cricket Gadgets Lifestyle Money Travel Menu Home Mobiles Reviews Gadgets Features Top 10 Mobiles How to Gadget Finder Menu Tip Us!FacebookTwittergplusYoutube News Mobile Tablet Laptop Computer Gear Gadgets Reviews Features How To Gadget Finder Photos Videos English हिन्दी ಕನ್ನಡ മലയാളം தமிழ் తెలుగు বাংলা ગુજરાતી Home  |  Apps  |  News  | Google Maps update allows you to directly book Uber rides Google Maps update allows you to directly book Uber rides You can now book an Uber directly from the Google Maps app. By: Samden Sherpa Published: Friday, January 13, 2017, 14:45 [IST] It was last year that Google introduced a new ride service mode to Google Maps to help people easily get to different places much easily. Up until now, Google has added a number of new ride service partners from around the world. And now, Google has started to roll out an updated ride services experience to make it even easier for you to book a ride directly from Google Maps, on both Android and iOS globally. SEE ALSO: 5 Tips To Make Better Use of Google Maps on Android The latest version of the app brings with it an intuitive ride services menu and expands the functionality of the app's features introduced last year. The updates allow you to see more types of ride options and more actionable information. Moreover, when you open the ride services mode, you'll see a map with a number of cab service providers in your area. You just have to tap on any such provider and a complete list of ride options, estimated fares, as well as special offers and promotions from each service will be revealed. SEE ALSO: Google is making encryption easier for all Interestingly, you can now book an Uber directly from the Google Maps app. You don't even need to launch the Uber app. In fact, you don't need Uber app on your device for this to work. You can just sign into your Uber account in Google Maps, or create one. After registering, you can book a ride, track the driver on the map, as well as connect to him or her - all inside Google Maps. And there's more, during your journey you can check out information about your destination - menus, opening hours, and other details all through the app. Source Click Here for New Smartphones Best Online Deals Google Pixel Google Pixel XL Specifications Photos Videos News Specifications Photos Videos News Google Pixel (Quite Black, 32 GB) 56,449 Google Pixel XL (Very Silver, 32 GB) 66,590 Gallery   |   9 Photos Google Pixel +See All Read More About google | uber | apps | android | iOS | news Other articles published on Jan 13, 2017 Please Wait while comments are loading... Opera Neon, the first ever concept browser is here Google is making encryption easier for all Samsung Galaxy S8 final specs out; S8 Plus to feature dual camera Featured Posts RECOMMENDEDEDITOR'S PICK Best smartphones with 6-inch display under Rs. 15,000 PCs that look similar to a MacBook Are you overspending while buying Smartphone 10 best Samsung smartphones to buy in India in 2017 Samsung Galaxy S8 design might have leaked in this latest official ad Swipe Konnect Grand offers Android 6.0 and 3G at Rs. 2,799 Moto Z Play to receive Android Nougat update by the end of January Smartphone battery myths commonly believed by users There’s no Nokia 8 smartphone with Snapdragon 835 chipset Andy Rubin to take on Apple and Google with a new smartphone Opinion Poll 34,688 Followers 13,012 Followers 1,41,901 Followers 7,506 Followers GET OUR TOP TECH STORIES DELIVERED TO YOUR INBOX FOR FREE Do not Disturb Browse by Category | News | Gadget Finder | Videos | Photos | Features | How To | Mobile | Tablet | Computer | Laptop | Gear | Gadgets Social Followers 34,688 Followers 13,012 Followers 1,41,901 Followers 7,506 Followers Sign Up Newsletter Sign up for our daily Newsletter Latest in Mobiles Videocon Virat V3BCXOLO Era 2XiBall 2.4H Supremo B3Coolpad Cool1 DualLYF Water 3Karbonn Titanium Vista 4GAsus ZenFone Go 4.5 LTE (ZB450KL)Karbonn K9 Viraat 4GLYF Wind 7SVideocon Bazoomba6 V2SBAsus ZenFone 3 Max ZC553KLLenovo K6 NoteSwipe Elite MaxZTE Nubia N1Motorola Moto M Apps | RSS Feeds | Facebook | Twitter | Google Plus | Newsletters | Media | Sitemap | Feedback | Advertise with us | Careers | About Us | Contact Us © Greynium Information Technologies Pvt. Ltd.| Terms of Service and Privacy Policy
Donate About Advertise Contact Log-in Register Browse by Issue Anti-Racism Arts & Culture Civil Liberties Economy Education Elections Environment Feminism Food & Health Indigenous Labour LGBTIQ Media Matters Politics in Canada Technology Political Action US Politics World Search this site: home babble podcasts rabbletv blogs Toolkit Alerts Newsfeeds / RSS About Blogs All Blog Posts Home » Blogs » OpenMedia.ca's blog rabble blogs are the personal pages of some of Canada's most insightful progressive activists and commentators. All opinions belong to the writer; however, writers are expected to adhere to our guidelines. We welcome new bloggers -- contact us for details. Open Media's blog OpenMedia works to keep the Internet open, affordable, and surveillance-free. We create community-driven campaigns to engage, educate and empower people to safeguard the Internet. Follow us on Twitter @OpenMediaOrg. Google v. Equustek at the Supreme Court of Canada: Dispatch from the hearing By Cynthia Khoo | January 13, 2017 Print Write to editor Support rabble Corrections As indescribably nebulous and expansive as the Internet can be, one could compare it to outer space, but never to a vacuum. Almost anything that happens online will eventually find its place in a web of real-world context, whether by reference, implication, cause, or consequence. It is this persistently dual nature of the Internet -- a space clearly its own and separate from the bricks-and-mortar world, yet in every way wrapped up with our everyday, offline lives -- that makes it so difficult for courts and other decision-makers to wrap their minds, and laws, around. Last year, OpenMedia intervened in a landmark Internet and free expression case at the Supreme Court of Canada, Google Inc. v. Equustek Solutions Inc., et al. I attended the hearing on behalf of OpenMedia, and how it played out showcased a perfect example of the dynamic described above. To recap, Google v. Equustek featured an intellectual property (IP) lawsuit over trade secrets, where the defendants skipped trial, disappeared, and continued selling the sued-over products online while in hiding. In response, the plaintiff (Equustek) went after Google instead, asking the search engine to take down search results leading to the defendants' websites. Google voluntarily took down the results on google.ca, but refused to for the rest of its non-Canadian domains. Both the B.C. Supreme Court and B.C. Court of Appeal disagreed with this, and ordered Google to take down its search results for the defendants' websites worldwide. Needless to say, OpenMedia disagreed with that, and you can read more about why here, as well as learn more about OpenMedia's intervention in the case. The rest of this article will highlight key issues that emerged throughout the hearing itself, each of which highlights in some way the tension between seeing and treating the Internet as a kind of parallel universe where anything goes, and just another room in the world where the same rules apply as usual. 1. What is to be done? The first issue is one that the Supreme Court justices continually returned to throughout Google's appearance before them, and one that Google struggled to answer: what is a reasonable remedy for the plaintiff? If the defendant is still operating online and committing illegal activities unhindered, and there is no way to get at them, then what is a feasible, practical, logistically reasonable solution that will get the plaintiff justice on the ground? Is it more practical to ask Google to confirm the takedown aligns with the intellectual property laws of every country around the world? Or is it more reasonable to ask Equustek to chase the defendant around the world, or sue Google in every country? The former would unofficially deputize an uninvolved search engine as extended law enforcement, while the latter would mean only those with deep pockets could afford real-world justice in the face of Internet-based injustice. The Supreme Court justices were very concerned with the issue of practical remedies for the plaintiff, and for good reason: despite its association with the pursuit of truth and justice, at the end of the day, the law is about resolving disputes. One or more people have a problem, something has to be done about it, and theoretical conundrums about the nature of the Internet only go so far before the Court must land somewhere with an answer, if only so those involved can move on with their lives. Another example of this occurred when Google explained that one problem it had with the global takedown order was that it would be indefinite, and likely permanent. Immediately, Justice Russell Brown asked if the possibility of sunset clauses (essentially expiry dates) would be helpful, demonstrating more of the Court's attentiveness to practical solutions, no matter how thorny the theoretical issues involved. 2. Is a "borderless" internet a "lawless" internet? If needing a fair and reasonable solution that is doable in the real world pulls on one side of the problem, then the abstract, borderless, fluid-like (it goes everywhere) nature of the Internet and its ability to transcend real-world constraints pulls on the other. As CIPPIC's Tamir Israel said, "How are laws, legal systems, which have always been territorial and based on physical territory, going to work on this medium?" Equustek's lawyer dismissed this tension as the "frankly nonsensical idea of the borderless Internet". However, the Internet's global reach is not only one of the key things that has made it so powerful and world-changing to begin with; but it was also the reason Equustek and Google were in court at all -- because the defendant was selling without borders. To be fair, Equustek meant that at the end of the day, the Internet consists of servers and data centres that can be pinned to physical locations and treated accordingly. Equustek questioned the notion that, "As soon as you move illegal conduct on Internet, it's somehow beyond reach?" This would make the Internet "a lawless zone for all practical purposes because no one but the most powerful can afford to litigate in dozens of countries." As with so many things though, it's not a matter of one or the other. Being borderless does not mean the Internet is, or should be, lawless. Multiple examples exist of law done rightwhen it comes to the Internet, and this is part of what digital rights advocates work towards every day. Rather, it means there are different considerations and a heightened level of care that courts should apply in creating or interpreting laws that involve the Internet.OpenMedia, as well as the amazing folks at the BCCLA and EFF, emphasized this point throughout each of our interventions. 3. It's not just about IP: The importance of context and precedent The broader context of online expression and how information flows across the Internet is why it matters so much that lawmakers don't see Google v. Equustek as "just" an intellectual property (IP) case that doesn't have anything to do with free expression or related Charter values. Precedent has power, and a global takedown order would give lawsuit-happy rightsholder groups a major new weapon in their arsenal with which to go after fundamental threats like children and libraries. This is despite the International Federation of Film Producers Associations telling the Supreme Court at the hearing, "You won't find anyone more supportive of freedom of expression." (Just ignore this rebuttal here.) Not to mention, even when cases are explicitly "only intellectual property", these groups already have a long and storied track record of overreaching and stretching the law in a way that goes beyond what's fair, sensible, or necessary. Instead, they have encroached on free expression, chilled online speech, diminished the public domain, prevented new creators from contributing their art, and undermined new and diverse forms of cultural production. They don't need more help doing these things.   Furthermore, a careless or misguided decision in this case could turn the borderless nature of the Internet against us. Courts in a country on the other side of the world -- or next door -- could decide what content we can or can't access online in Canada (as well as everywhere else). Free expression online would become a global distortion of "all [taking down links] for one; and one [deciding legality of content] for all." This could happen regardless of whether the removed content is actually legal or not in each specific country. As Katherine Maher of Wikimedia said, "Today as the internet grows, parts of it are quietly disappearing. Around the world, courts are requiring search engines to omit selected results. This trend chips away at freedom of expression and the right to information online, and creates ugly precedents that could jeopardize the future of our open and free internet....If every country had the chance to punch memory holes in the internet, we would swiftly find ourselves with history scrubbed of essential records." 4. A legal test for the twenty-first century Ultimately, Google v. Equustek is bigger than either Google or Equustek, and almost not even about them at all. Based on the facts of the case, it's hard not to sympathize with Equustek or want them to get redress. The point here, and the point of OpenMedia's intervention, has never been that Google wins and Equustek loses. The point is that no matter which company wins or loses, Canada ends up with a Supreme Court decision that protects free expression and the open Internet even while solving the specific dispute before the Court. The point is to ensure the resulting law is a considered, nuanced, forward-looking, and yes, tech-savvy approach to crafting law for the "borderless internet", rather than a blithe, Internet-chilling precedent for future parties and courts to uncritically apply going forward. What might such an approach look like? At the hearing, both the B.C. Civil Liberties Association (BCCLA) and Electronic Frontier Foundation (EFF) put forth good suggestions. The BCCLA set out a nuanced legal test in which a global search results takedown would be available as an option, but considered an extraordinary response and only available where there are no reasonable alternatives, and the takedown would be effective and meaningful. Under the EFF's proposal, the takedown order would only be available once the plaintiff had exhausted all other alternatives -- the court must grant it out of "necessity, not convenience". The plaintiff must also show that the takedown is technically possible, would be enforceable in the affected countries, doesn't go against core values in the affected countries, and that it is proportionate to the costs and benefits. Both organizations emphasized that an appropriate test must take free expression rights into full account, with BCCLA referencing impact on Charter values as a key factor.   Conclusion The Supreme Court is not likely to hand down its decision for another several months, and by all accounts, it's a fool's game to predict where the justices will land on the basis of questions and oral arguments. What we do know, however, is that these issues are far from resolved. You can count on actors from governments to embarrassed politicians to film and music publishers to copyright trolls pushing the law as far as it will go over the line between taming the Internet, and breaking the Internet. But even more so, and with your help, you can count on groups like OpenMedia, the BCCLA, and the EFF always to be there fighting when they try.   Cynthia Khoo is an Internet and digital policy lawyer retained as external counsel to OpenMedia on a variety of files, including intervening in Google Inc. v. Equustek Solutions Inc., et al. at the Supreme Court of Canada. She was called to the Bar of Ontario in June 2016, after completing articles with the Public Interest Advocacy Centre.   embedded_video Print Write to editor Support rabble Corrections Tags: intellectual property google free expression Supreme Court Charter SCC Equustek search results link takedowns medium of communication Comments We welcome your comments! rabble.ca embraces a pro-human rights, pro-feminist, anti-racist, queer-positive, anti-imperialist and pro-labour stance, and encourages discussions which develop progressive thought. Our full comment policy can be found here. Learn more about Disqus on rabble.ca and your privacy here. Please keep in mind: Do Tell the truth and avoid rumours. Add context and background. Report typos and logical fallacies. Be respectful. Respect copyright - link to articles. Stay focused. Bring in-depth commentary to our discussion forum, babble. Don't Use oppressive/offensive language. Libel or defame. Bully or troll. Post spam. Engage trolls. Flag suspect activity instead. View the discussion thread.   rabble.ca in your inbox! Open Media's blog Open Media's blog Posts 2017 January (4) 2016 November (8) October (5) September (16) August (3) July (2) June (2) April (1) February (1) January (2) 2015 November (3) September (1) August (2) June (2) May (2) April (2) March (3) January (5) 2014 December (2) November (1) October (3) September (4) August (2) July (13) June (4) May (10) April (5) March (9) February (5) January (6) 2013 December (5) November (4) October (9) September (3) August (10) July (21) June (7) May (5) April (7) March (5) February (2) January (4) 2012 December (2) November (5) October (6) September (2) August (5) July (4) June (7) May (4) April (4) March (5) February (4) January (6) 2011 December (4) November (3) October (1) September (1) June (1) May (1) April (1) March (2) February (1) 2010 December (1) November (1) Top Picks On rabble Black people in Canada will continue to kick ass in 2017 | Phillip Dwight Morgan The rewards of relinquishing control in urban green spaces | rabble staff Justin Trudeau promised changes to draconian Bill C-51. We're still waiting | Dennis Gruending Top 10 ways you helped save the Internet in 2016 | David Christopher Tweets by @rabbleca     Syndicate Support rabble | Advertise with us | Contact our staff | About rabble | Log-in or Register for a new account | Corrections | Privacy policy | Comment policy | Newsfeeds | Mailing lists rabble: Features | Columnists | In Cahoots | Blogs | Books | Photos | What's Up | Polls babble: Forum Topics | Active Topics The rpn: About the RPN | Become a podcaster rabbleTV: Program Guide | Features | Indie Inside | Best of the net Copyright © 2001-2017 the authors
Oneindia Classifieds Coupons Education News Movies Buy Insurance Auto Cricket Gadgets Lifestyle Money Travel Menu Home Mobiles Reviews Gadgets Features Top 10 Mobiles How to Gadget Finder Menu Tip Us!FacebookTwittergplusYoutube News Mobile Tablet Laptop Computer Gear Gadgets Reviews Features How To Gadget Finder Photos Videos English हिन्दी ಕನ್ನಡ മലയാളം தமிழ் తెలుగు বাংলা ગુજરાતી Home  |  Apps  |  News  | Google Maps update allows you to directly book Uber rides Google Maps update allows you to directly book Uber rides You can now book an Uber directly from the Google Maps app. By: Samden Sherpa Published: Friday, January 13, 2017, 14:45 [IST] It was last year that Google introduced a new ride service mode to Google Maps to help people easily get to different places much easily. Up until now, Google has added a number of new ride service partners from around the world. And now, Google has started to roll out an updated ride services experience to make it even easier for you to book a ride directly from Google Maps, on both Android and iOS globally. SEE ALSO: 5 Tips To Make Better Use of Google Maps on Android The latest version of the app brings with it an intuitive ride services menu and expands the functionality of the app's features introduced last year. The updates allow you to see more types of ride options and more actionable information. Moreover, when you open the ride services mode, you'll see a map with a number of cab service providers in your area. You just have to tap on any such provider and a complete list of ride options, estimated fares, as well as special offers and promotions from each service will be revealed. SEE ALSO: Google is making encryption easier for all Interestingly, you can now book an Uber directly from the Google Maps app. You don't even need to launch the Uber app. In fact, you don't need Uber app on your device for this to work. You can just sign into your Uber account in Google Maps, or create one. After registering, you can book a ride, track the driver on the map, as well as connect to him or her - all inside Google Maps. And there's more, during your journey you can check out information about your destination - menus, opening hours, and other details all through the app. Source Click Here for New Smartphones Best Online Deals Google Pixel Google Pixel XL Specifications Photos Videos News Specifications Photos Videos News Google Pixel (Quite Black, 32 GB) 56,449 Google Pixel XL (Very Silver, 32 GB) 66,590 Gallery   |   9 Photos Google Pixel +See All Read More About google | uber | apps | android | iOS | news Other articles published on Jan 13, 2017 Please Wait while comments are loading... HTC One X10 images leak once again revealing design Bose Lifestyle 650, 600 and SoundTouch 300 home entertainment systems now available in India YouTube update: iPhone users can watch QHD videos with the latest update Featured Posts RECOMMENDEDEDITOR'S PICK Best smartphones with 6-inch display under Rs. 15,000 PCs that look similar to a MacBook Are you overspending while buying Smartphone 10 best Samsung smartphones to buy in India in 2017 Samsung Galaxy S8 design might have leaked in this latest official ad Swipe Konnect Grand offers Android 6.0 and 3G at Rs. 2,799 Moto Z Play to receive Android Nougat update by the end of January Smartphone battery myths commonly believed by users There’s no Nokia 8 smartphone with Snapdragon 835 chipset Andy Rubin to take on Apple and Google with a new smartphone Opinion Poll 34,688 Followers 13,012 Followers 1,41,901 Followers 7,506 Followers GET OUR TOP TECH STORIES DELIVERED TO YOUR INBOX FOR FREE Do not Disturb Browse by Category | News | Gadget Finder | Videos | Photos | Features | How To | Mobile | Tablet | Computer | Laptop | Gear | Gadgets Social Followers 34,688 Followers 13,012 Followers 1,41,901 Followers 7,506 Followers Sign Up Newsletter Sign up for our daily Newsletter Latest in Mobiles Videocon Virat V3BCXOLO Era 2XiBall 2.4H Supremo B3Coolpad Cool1 DualLYF Water 3Karbonn Titanium Vista 4GAsus ZenFone Go 4.5 LTE (ZB450KL)Karbonn K9 Viraat 4GLYF Wind 7SVideocon Bazoomba6 V2SBAsus ZenFone 3 Max ZC553KLLenovo K6 NoteSwipe Elite MaxZTE Nubia N1Motorola Moto M Apps | RSS Feeds | Facebook | Twitter | Google Plus | Newsletters | Media | Sitemap | Feedback | Advertise with us | Careers | About Us | Contact Us © Greynium Information Technologies Pvt. Ltd.| Terms of Service and Privacy Policy
Oneindia Classifieds Coupons Education News Movies Buy Insurance Auto Cricket Gadgets Lifestyle Money Travel Menu Home Mobiles Reviews Gadgets Features Top 10 Mobiles How to Gadget Finder Menu Tip Us!FacebookTwittergplusYoutube News Mobile Tablet Laptop Computer Gear Gadgets Reviews Features How To Gadget Finder Photos Videos English हिन्दी ಕನ್ನಡ മലയാളം தமிழ் తెలుగు বাংলা ગુજરાતી Home  |  Online  | Google to provide virtual tour of Indian freedom struggle Google to provide virtual tour of Indian freedom struggle By: GizBot Bureau Published: Friday, August 14, 2015, 20:29 [IST] Internet giant Google on Friday said that it was providing a virtual tour of the Indian freedom struggle via the Google Cultural Institute division on the occasion of Independence Day. "The effort will enable people across the country a chance to reminisce India's historic moments and revisit the nation's road to independence with a virtual tour. The tour will take the users through some of the iconic landmarks that witnessed India's independence movement on Google Maps," Google said in a statement. SEE ALSO: 10 Rare and Unseen Photos of Google's New Boss Sundar Pichai "As we prepare to mark the anniversary of India's independence, there are a range of images, photos and virtual tours you can take with Google Maps and the Cultural Institute, including a special collection of images and artefacts from the Nehru Memorial Museum and Library," said Suren Ruhela, director of Google Maps. The tour will include places like the Cellular Jail in Port Blair and Jallianwala Bagh. Source IANS Read More About google | internet | news | Google Maps Other articles published on Aug 14, 2015 Please Wait while comments are loading... Opera Neon, the first ever concept browser is here New Huawei P8 Lite unveiled but will India get to see it Coolpad Conjr will be launched in India in January as an Amazon exclusive Featured Posts RECOMMENDEDEDITOR'S PICK Best smartphones with 6-inch display under Rs. 15,000 PCs that look similar to a MacBook Are you overspending while buying Smartphone 10 best Samsung smartphones to buy in India in 2017 Samsung Galaxy S8 design might have leaked in this latest official ad Swipe Konnect Grand offers Android 6.0 and 3G at Rs. 2,799 Moto Z Play to receive Android Nougat update by the end of January Smartphone battery myths commonly believed by users There’s no Nokia 8 smartphone with Snapdragon 835 chipset Andy Rubin to take on Apple and Google with a new smartphone Opinion Poll 34,688 Followers 13,012 Followers 1,41,901 Followers 7,506 Followers GET OUR TOP TECH STORIES DELIVERED TO YOUR INBOX FOR FREE Do not Disturb Browse by Category | News | Gadget Finder | Videos | Photos | Features | How To | Mobile | Tablet | Computer | Laptop | Gear | Gadgets Social Followers 34,688 Followers 13,012 Followers 1,41,901 Followers 7,506 Followers Sign Up Newsletter Sign up for our daily Newsletter Latest in Mobiles Videocon Virat V3BCXOLO Era 2XiBall 2.4H Supremo B3Coolpad Cool1 DualLYF Water 3Karbonn Titanium Vista 4GAsus ZenFone Go 4.5 LTE (ZB450KL)Karbonn K9 Viraat 4GLYF Wind 7SVideocon Bazoomba6 V2SBAsus ZenFone 3 Max ZC553KLLenovo K6 NoteSwipe Elite MaxZTE Nubia N1Motorola Moto M Apps | RSS Feeds | Facebook | Twitter | Google Plus | Newsletters | Media | Sitemap | Feedback | Advertise with us | Careers | About Us | Contact Us © Greynium Information Technologies Pvt. Ltd.| Terms of Service and Privacy Policy
Neowin Login Sign up News Latest Microsoft Google Apple Software Behold, the Xbox One S laptop! 13 minutes ago Xiaomi Redmi Pro review: Dual camera and 10 cores without breaking the bank 1 hour ago Here's some additional Switch content from Nintendo of Japan 2 hours ago First 24: Hands-on with the Honor 6X 2 hours ago View all recent news Acer's Liquid Jade Primo Windows phone disappears from the US Microsoft Store 3 hours ago Skype for Linux Alpha gets updated to 1.15, adds autostart and start minimized features 17 hours ago 7 Days: A week of Windows 10 updates, Nintendo's gaming goodness, and all sorts of Androids Jan 14, 2017 Bluetooth improvements are coming in the Windows 10 Creators Update Jan 14, 2017 View all Microsoft news Apple's App Store experienced 60% growth, Google Play app revenue grew 82% in Q4 2016 17 hours ago YouTube "Super Chat" is a new way to support livestream comments Jan 14, 2017 7 Days: A week of Windows 10 updates, Nintendo's gaming goodness, and all sorts of Androids Jan 14, 2017 Google's internet drone Project Titan has come to an end Jan 14, 2017 View all Google news Apple's App Store experienced 60% growth, Google Play app revenue grew 82% in Q4 2016 17 hours ago 7 Days: A week of Windows 10 updates, Nintendo's gaming goodness, and all sorts of Androids Jan 14, 2017 Apple App Store anti-trust lawsuit brought back from the dead Jan 13, 2017 It's now possible to request an Uber ride directly from Google Maps Jan 13, 2017 View all Apple news Bulk Crap Uninstaller 3.6 Jan 13, 2017 AVG Anti-Virus Free 17.1.3006 Jan 12, 2017 Adobe Flash Player 24.0.0.194 Jan 12, 2017 Foxit Reader 8.2.0.2051 Jan 12, 2017 View all software news Features Reviews Editorials Unboxings Trending Xiaomi Redmi Pro review: Dual camera and 10 cores without breaking the bank 1 hour ago Elephone S7 review: affordability has its drawbacks 14 hours ago A quick review of the MGCool Band 2 fitness tracker Jan 3, 2017 Thecus W2810PRO review, a NAS device running Windows Storage Server 2012 R2 Essentials Jan 1, 2017 View all reviews Looking back: In 2016, Microsoft became one of the most exciting companies in the tech world Dec 31, 2016 Redmond delights: 10 reasons to be excited about Microsoft's future Nov 14, 2016 Editorial - When replacing your Samsung Galaxy Note7, consider these replacement options Oct 16, 2016 Editorial - Horde 3.0 changed my mind about Gears of War 4 Sep 7, 2016 View all editorials First 24: Hands-on with Samsung's Gear S3 classic Nov 26, 2016 Spectre x360 (2016) unboxing and first impressions: HP may have a winner Nov 12, 2016 Alcatel IDOL 4S with Windows 10 unboxing and first impressions Nov 4, 2016 Unboxing the Lenovo Moto Z reveals some unexpected surprises Oct 21, 2016 View all unboxings Here's the complete list of all confirmed games for the Nintendo Switch Jan 14, 2017 Philippine government blocks Pornhub and other adult websites Jan 14, 2017 This Weekend's PC Game Deals - There's a fix for every gamer in the current winter sale 9 hours ago Xiaomi won't release sales figures anymore Jan 14, 2017 View all trending news Forums Deals Recent Highlights Interests On a Budget Save 48% off this Zendure A8 26,800mAh QC3.0 Portable Battery Bank via Neowin Deals Jan 13, 2017 Get the Oracle Database 12c Administration Training Bundle for just $49 via Neowin Deals Jan 12, 2017 Get this Professional Android Developer Bundle for just $39 via Neowin Deals Jan 11, 2017 Get this Fast Charging Qi Wireless Charging Stand for just $28.99 Jan 10, 2017 View all recent deals Best Sellers Pay What You Want Gear + Gadgets Software Bundles View all Neowin Deals For Developers Productivity Accessories E-Learning View all Neowin Deals Under $20 Freebies Giveaways View all Neowin Deals More Subscribe Store Chat on IRC Send Tip Write for Neowin About Us Advertising Facebook Twitter Follow @neowinfeed Google+ Google is using new machine learning technology to save you some bandwidth By Gabriel Nunes Neowin LLC @_nunesgh · Jan 13, 2017 with 17 comments Top: Original, Bottom: RAISR super-resolved 2x. We're now living in a world where high-resolution displays are everywhere. From large TVs to smartphones, the demand for high-quality images has also increased. That's why Google Research introduced a new technology named RAISR (Rapid and Accurate Image Super-Resolution) last year, in an attempt to harness the power of machine learning to produce high-quality versions of low-resolution images. According to Google, its new technology is also ready for mobile use: "RAISR produces results that are comparable to or better than the currently available super-resolution methods, and does so roughly 10 to 100 times faster, allowing it to be run on a typical mobile device in real-time." The company explained that RAISR uses machine learning to train the algorithm on a pair of images, one low quality, the other high quality. This training allows the selection of filters that are applied to each pixel of the low-resolution image in order to recreate details that are of comparable quality to the original, as you can see in the image below. Top: RAISR algorithm at run-time, applied to a cheap upscaler’s output. Bottom: Low-res original (left), bicubic upsampler 2x (middle), RAISR output (right). But Google seems to have found another use for the RAISR technology, according to a blog post this week. The company has stated that by using RAISR to display some of the large images on Google+, it was able to reduce the use of bandwidth by up to 75 percent per image. That was achieved because the reconstruction of a low-resolution image creates a new file smaller than the original, maintaining a comparable quality, as explained above. Finally, Google has stated that only a subset of Android devices is already using the technology, as it has just started rolling it out. Nevertheless, RAISR is currently being used on more than 1 billion images each week, and has saved about a third of the total bandwidth used by the owners of those devices. Source & Images: Google Blog via The Verge Tags Google Machine learning Raisr Like Tweet Share Share Report a problem with article Previous Story It's now possible to request an Uber ride directly from Google Maps Next Story Microsoft releases the January Office Mobile Insider Preview build - here's what's new Advertisement Community Activity Refresh I miss Windows 8/8.1 Start "Tattoos"... in Microsoft Insider Previews Behold, the Xbox One S laptop! in Front Page News Acer's Liquid Jade Primo Windows phone disappears from the US Microsoft Store in Front Page News StorPort.SYS GSOD Error Can't Update Windows Insider in Microsoft Insider Previews RX470 multimonitor support in Hardware Hangout The Clinton Foundation Is Shutting Down The Clinton Global Initiative in Real World Issues Have the recent details of the Nintendo Switch increased or decreased your interest/early adopter likelihood? in Nintendo Console Grab DiRT Showdown for free as part of the Humble Store Winter Sale in Front Page News Trending Stories Here's the complete list of all confirmed games for the Nintendo Switch Jan 14, 2017 with 17 comments Philippine government blocks Pornhub and other adult websites Jan 14, 2017 with 42 comments This Weekend's PC Game Deals - There's a fix for every gamer in the current winter sale 9 hours ago with 5 comments Xiaomi won't release sales figures anymore Jan 14, 2017 with 3 comments Related Stories Google is warning some high-profile users were target of state-sponsored hacking attack Nov 24, 2016 OnePlus unveils the 3T with Snapdragon 821 and larger 3400mAh battery, starting at $439 Nov 15, 2016 Google teaches DeepMind AI how to interact with real objects; squish puny humans Nov 11, 2016 Here's what's new in the first Skype Insider Preview builds Nov 8, 2016 · Hot! deals VPN Unlimited: Lifetime Subscription $499.99 $29.99 94% off Pay What You Want: White Hat Hacker 2017 Bundle $1,271.00 $1.00 100% off VPNSecure: Lifetime Subscription $450.00 $39.00 91% off Scrivener for Windows $40.00 $20.00 50% off Oracle Database 12c Administration Training Bundle $2,065.00 $49.00 98% off Show Comments 17 Comments - Add comment Sort by oldest first (thread view) Sort by newest first (thread view) Sort by oldest first (linear view) Sort by newest first (linear view) Advertisement Report Comment Close Please enter your reason for reporting this comment. BBCode Helper Close The following codes can be used in comments. [b]bold[/b] [i]italics[/i] [u]underline[/u] [s] strikethrough[/s] [url]link[/url] [img]imageurl[/img] [quote]text[/quote] Company Contact Us About Us Write for Neowin Advertising Community Forums Subscribe Chat on IRC Neowin Deals Social Facebook Twitter Google+ YouTube DMCA Policy Terms of Use Privacy Statement © Since 2000 Neowin LLC. All trademarks mentioned are the property of their respective owners. Top of Page Login Close Username or email: Password Remember me Sign In Sign in with Facebook Sign in with Twitter Sign in with Google Sign in with Live ID Loading
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health     Science Money Video Travel Columnists Latest Headlines Science Pictures Discounts My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Android inventor Andy Rubin to take on Apple and Google with new smartphone and 'home AI' products Rubin left Google two years ago and has been setting up new firm Believed he has around 40 employees, many from Apple and Rubin Phone will allow users to plug in new modules such as a 3D camera  By Mark Prigg For Dailymail.com Published: 17:23 EST, 13 January 2017 | Updated: 17:36 EST, 13 January 2017 e-mail 34 shares 4 View comments The inventor of Android is set to re-enter the phone market - and believes he can take on Apple and Google. Andy Rubin has recruited over 40 people to his new firm, to be called Essential, according to Bloomberg. It aims to build an entire technology ecosystem using AI - from phones and smart home gadgets to app stores. Scroll down for video   Andy Rubin has recruited over 40 people to his new firm, to be called Essential, according to Bloomberg. It aims to build an entire technology ecosystem from phones to app stores and smart home gadgets.  ANDY RUBIN'S CAREER  Born in 1963, New Yorker Any Rubin worked on the first generation of wireless digital assistants, known as PDA. In December 1999 he launched Danger, creator of the Hiptop, a proto-smartphone, which was later bought by Microsoft.  Rubin cofounded Android in 2003 and sold it to Google in 2005, moving to the firm. In December 2013, Rubin started management of the robotics division of Google, before leaving on 30 October 2014 to start an incubator for hardware startups. Rubin and his wife, Rie, also own and operate Voyageur du Temps, a bakery in Los Altos, CA.   'Armed with about a 40-person team, filled with recruits from Apple Inc. and Alphabet Inc.'s Google, Rubin is preparing to announce a new company called Essential and serve as its Chief Executive Officer, according to people familiar with the matter,' Bloomberg said. A search in LinkedIn reveals several of the employees, including Niccolo De Masi, the ex-CEO of Glu Mobuile, who is listed as the firm's President & COO.  Rubin also recently hired Andy Fouché from Magic Leap, a Google backed firm developing AR glasses.  Bloomberg claims Essential will produce an range of both home and mobile products, and Rubin discussed his handset plans with Sprint executives at the recent CES show. Rubin registered Essential Products Inc. with California regulators in November 2015, and in late 2016, the company registered 'Essential' with the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office. There, it listed smartphones, tablets, accessories and 'computer operating software for mobile phones' among its goods and services.  According to Bloomberg, the handset will be aimed at the luxury end of the market, and could be expanded using plug in modules.  RELATED ARTICLES Previous 1 Next The biggest storm in the universe: Stunning new NASA image... ISIS is increasingly modifying home drones to drop bombs -... Google lets you book an Uber from within Maps - even if you... Is it really worth paying £280 for the Switch? MailOnline... Share this article Share 34 shares Bloomberg claims Essential will produce an range of both home and mobile products, and Rubin (pictured) discussed his handset plans with Sprint executives at the recent CES show. Rubin is aiming to put the phone on sale around the middle of this year for a price close to that of an iPhone 7 ($649), a person familiar with the matter told Bloomberg, although they admitted 'all of the plans are still in flux'. Rubin is convinced AI is the next big change to ripple through the technology industry.  'New computing platforms happen every 10 to 12 years,' he said at the Bloomberg Technology Conference in June.  RUBIN'S DOG TAKES ON A ROBOT   While at Google's Rubin's dog hit the headlines after taking on a robot. A feisty terrier has taken on Boston Dynamics' 'Spot' dog by barking at it and even giving chase, showing that in the event of a robot uprising, dogs will still be man's best friend.The dog, named Cosmo, is said to belong to Andy Rubin, the co-founder of Android, who has previously managed the robotics program at Google. Google acquired Boston Dymamics, which makes numerous sized robotic animals in differing sizes, including Spot, which can run, climb stairs, jog next to its owner and even cope with being kicked. He believes that AI in the future will go one step further - being so powerful that it underpins every connected device. Mr Rubin said a combination of quantum computing and AI advancements could yield a conscious intelligence that would control every internet-enabled gadget.  'If you have computing that is as powerful as this could be, you might only need one. 'It might not be something you carry around; it just has to be conscious.' While Mr Rubin's claims are currently theoretical, his investment fund, Playground Global, is investing $300 million in companies trying to make this future of AI a reality. One of the companies his fund is investing in, is a quantum computing firm. Its name has not been disclosed. The company is made up of researchers who may one day be able to commercialise quantum devises using standard manufacturing processes, which could massively boost processing power.  Mr Rubin said: 'In order for AI to blossom and fulfill consumer needs, it has to be about data. 'That's where robotics come in - robots are walking mobile sensors, who can sense their environment and interact and learn from those interactions.'  Foxconn is in talks to manufacture Rubin's new smartphone, according to people familiar with the matter. At least one prototype of Rubin's phone boasts a screen larger than the iPhone 7 Plus's (5.5-inches) but has a smaller overall footprint because of the lack of bezels, one of the people said.   Share or comment on this article e-mail 34 shares Most watched News videos Gloria Williams waves extradition for kidnapping Kamiyah Mobley Kitesurfer unaware of great white shark swimming below Disgusting moment cyst puss eruption covers cell phone Enraged kick-boxer strikes husband's mistress NINE times 2017's luckiest man: Pedro Grendene Bartelle win's $3.5m Man takes his cat Weston Sledding in the snow Sheep attack shepherd after being frightened by a car in Germany She's falling for him? Girl gets 'pushed off ledge in prank' video Black PhD student is beaten and cuffed by police Female bullfighter is mounted by young bull NYPD searching for six teens who beat up a woman in Brooklyn Semi truck clips snow plow in Spanish Fork Canyon 'Liberal snowflake' Hollywood stars come under fire for... US Army soldier based at Fort Hood is found dead - making... Opera star Andrea Bocelli backs out of singing at Trump's... Did she know? Cops says teen suspected she was kidnapped as... Reunited at last! Teen meets her biological parents for... Meghan meets Kate: Prince Harry 'has introduced his... Did D.B. Cooper work for BOEING? New analysis found on... 'I was in a bathrobe NAKED underneath and they pushed me... Zoe Saldana says 'cocky and arrogant' Hollywood actors... You're hired: Two soldiers do their best Donald Trump and... EXCLUSIVE: Shock for Harry's girl: Meghan Markle's BROTHER... Man 'catches married female dance teacher, 38, having sex... MOST READ NEWS Previous Next ● ● ● Comments (4) Share what you think Newest Oldest Best rated Worst rated  View all The comments below have not been moderated.  View all The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline. Add your comment Enter your comment By posting your comment you agree to our house rules. Submit Comment Clear Who is this week's top commenter? Find out now More top stories Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail Download our iPhone app Download our Android app Today's headlines Most Read First came Fitbit exercise trackers for humans... now 'Fitbark' claims to be the way to get your FAT FIDO... The MEGASHARK died out because it was a picky eater: Researchers say megalodon was unable to change its diet... Our microbe ancestors revealed: Scientists may have finally found where complex life came from What Earth will look like in 250 million years: Simulations show new MEGACONTINENT called Amasia... Incredible images reveal how eruptions from Alaska's Bogoslof volcano have transformed the island in just... Is this how the dinosaurs REALLY died out? Researchers reconstruct the dark and frozen conditions on Earth... Screen time is GOOD for teen brains: Why 257 minutes is the 'sweet spot' before computers damage mental... What's REALLY in your sushi? Study finds almost half of fish are mislabeled in restaurants Can YOU recognise cities around the world just by sound? Fascinating interactive quiz may baffle even... Want to stick to your New Year resolutions? Move house, say scientists  Breakthrough in fixing a broken heart: Researchers use stem cells to regenerate the outer layer of organ in... SpaceX finances 'on a knife edge' following disastrous rocket explosion - and Elon Musk is relying on... Android inventor Andy Rubin to take on Apple and Google with new smartphone and 'home AI' products ISIS is increasingly modifying home drones to drop bombs - and US troops say they now see them in Mosul... Space mountain: Astronaut shares stunning out of this world shot of the Rockies from the ISS MORE HEADLINES The biggest storm in the universe: Stunning new NASA image reveals Jupiter's 'great red spot' megastorm in unprecedented detail Incredible images reveal how eruptions from Alaska's Bogoslof volcano have transformed the island in just two decades Is this how the dinosaurs REALLY died out? Researchers reconstruct the dark and frozen conditions on Earth after asteroid megastrike The MEGASHARK died out because it was a picky eater: Researchers say megalodon was unable to change its diet after its favourite whales died out Is it really worth paying £280 for the Switch? MailOnline gives its verdict on Nintendo's latest console ISIS is increasingly modifying home drones to drop bombs - and US troops say they now see them in Mosul every DAY Our microbe ancestors revealed: Scientists may have finally found where complex life came from You've been feeding your cat wrong: Scientists say you should give it food 5 TIMES a day to stop it getting fat The terrifying moment a rattlesnake attacks a rat is captured in slow-motion for the first time Breakthrough in fixing a broken heart: Researchers use stem cells to regenerate the outer layer of organ in groundbreaking research Did complex life come from BACTERIA? Researchers say virus infections could have sparked them being reprogrammed to become animal cells Want to stick to your New Year resolutions? Move house, say scientists  MOST READ IN DETAIL     Femail Today PICTURE EXCLUSIVE Kourtney Kardashian, 37, wears a sheer bra for late-night rendezvous with former flame Justin Bieber, 22 The May-December duo Bikini-clad Billie Lourd holds hands with Taylor Lautner on sunshine break after the death of mother Carrie Fisher In mourning for her mother and grandmother PICTURE EXCLUSIVE Kristin Cavallari relaxes in a bikini as she hires a yacht to celebrate Jay Cutler's 30th She has three young children Looking bootyful! Kim Kardashian shows off her shapely rear in a form fitting white dress in Dubai She's officially back at work Revealed: Kim Kardashian told police how masked thug grabbed her while she was NAKED under bathrobe during $10m Paris robbery  Katy Perry debuts dramatic blonde dye-job as she surprise Orlando Bloom with a secret 40th birthday bash in Palm Springs Surprising her beau  Church time! Gwen Stefani, 47,  is a model mom in plaid as she attends worship services with her three sons Quality family time One piece wonder! Kelly Bensimon, 49, flaunts her figure in sexy black one piece with hip side cutouts Proves you don't need a bikini to look sexy Katie Holmes and daughter Suri don floral ensembles to shop for groceries The 38-year-old actress filled her shopping cart with essentials  Prince George 'WON'T attend the same school as his father as Kate and William opt for smaller, more discreet pre-prep closer to Kensington Palace'  Getting pizza all over her frock, 'shooing away' a waitress and interrupting interviews: Nicole Kidman's 'bizarre behaviour' at the Golden Globes revealed 'I don't want to be at the center of attention': Amanda Seyfried opens up about her upcoming wedding to Thomas Sadoski as she stuns on Vogue Australia cover Packing up! Anti-Trump protesters plan demonstration outside the New York City home of Ivanka Trump and Jared Kushner to 'Help Ivanka Move'  'I will be ok!' Priyanka Chopra updates fans on Twitter after dangerous fall on Quantico set left her with concussion Was hospitalized after nasty incident  Ariana Grande showcases her slender pins in sexy Instagram to promote her Dangerous Woman Tour Shared the sultry shots on social media  Meghan meets Kate: Prince Harry 'has introduced his girlfriend to Duchess of Cambridge at Kensington Palace'  Also met Charlotte  Want some presidential neighbors? House just one block away from the Obamas and Ivanka's future homes in a DC suburb hits market for $5.75m Hello YELLOW! It lit up the red carpet at the Golden Globes and Emma Stone's dress in La La Land made quite a splash, now you can brighten your wardrobe 'No greater blessing than family!' Ciara's boy supports stepdad Russell Wilson's team... while his birth father Future backs the other side Prince William will give up his career as a helicopter pilot to become a full-time royal - but still won't do as much as his 68-year-old father  Wet 'n' wild! Alessandra Ambrosio displays her flawless physique in very tiny black bikini as she enjoys a dip in the sea in Brazil The Queen and Prince Philip are joined by Lord Snowdon's son as they attend church at Sandringham - just two days after the royal photographer's death Moving Swift-ly on? Giggling Tom Hiddleston is spotted bidding farewell to a mystery brunette during evening stroll back in London Taylor Swift's ex My nerve-shredding odyssey to adopt my little girl: As Nicole Kidman's new movie highlights India's orphanages, one mother shares her story 'I'm not talking about pee-pee': Alec Baldwin mercilessly mocks Trump over Russian golden shower scandal with stream of bathroom humor jokes on SNL Zoe Saldana says 'cocky and arrogant' Hollywood actors 'bullied' Donald Trump during the election Words of support from the actress  Wrestling legend Jimmy 'Superfly' Snuka dies aged 73 days after murder charge was dropped over death of his ex-girlfriend  He had stomach cancer 'He wants to be emperor': How Mark Zuckerberg 'quotes Greek legend' to Facebook staff as friends say he is primed to run for president in 2024 'People need to see a new side to pregnancy': Pregnant lesbian hits out at online bullies who criticized her for looking 'masculine' and wearing 'boy clothes'  How to dress like a grown up: Dry January should apply to clothes shopping too!  Your wardrobe is a team - all items must work together to survive 'She is smitten': Amber Heard said to be besotted with billionaire Elon Musk... as she prepares for 'new chapter' following Johnny Depp divorce 'We are beautiful the way we are': Photographer captures images of 40 'real' women in their underwear in bid to change perceptions  Dressed down Kylie Jenner giggles as she enjoys a night out at a burger joint with boyfriend Tyga Kylie proves she's a cheap date PJ-clad Jessica Alba kisses husband Cash Warren at his birthday bash The 35-year-old Golden Globe nominee puckered up Making a stellar appearance! Nicole Richie snuggles up in star-spangled unicorn onesie at pyjama party Celebrating Cash Warren's 38th birthday  'Pajama jammy jam!' Kourtney Kardashian cuddles up to Kim's bestie Chrissy Teigen at Cash Warren's star-studded PJ party Best of friends How to look as good as the French in lingerie: The secret's a whole new way of thinking about your body shape  In Paris, lingerie is not just underwear   Couples reveal what changed most after they moved in together (and their sometimes bizarre ways of making their relationships work)   Amanda Seyfried shows off her bump in a grey sweater on outing with fiancé Thomas Sadoski She confirmed her first pregnancy in November A royal faux pas? The Crown's Matt Smith spotted smoking 'suspicious looking cigarette' outside a London pub while on a night out with pals  'Back in action': Yolanda Hadid shares behind the scenes shot as she joins daughter Gigi on Tommy Hilfiger shoot Sneak peek 'Spray tan lyfe!' Ashley Graham strips down to her bikini as she flaunts her freshly tanned figure The plus-size stunner is a positive body image activist Celebs celebrate the closure of Ringling Bros. circus with PETA activist Pamela Anderson claiming victory that the 'saddest show on earth' is finishing after 146 years  She's back! Kim Kardashian is her old self again as she sits astride a buggy and poses with a falcon on Dubai modelling shoot Posing up a storm It's Kueen Kim! Kardashian is treated to a dance display as she gets the royal welcome in Dubai She is doing a make-up tutorial in the Middle East Lewis Hamilton turns heads in bright yellow hoodie while arriving at LAX... as Mercedes is set to clarify its position on Valterri Bottas' proposed switch  Always camera ready! Jennifer Lopez turns shopping trip into a modelling shoot as she poses against a wall  She's always camera-ready Tamara Ecclestone shares cute pictures of her daughter Sophia, 2, showing off her skiing skills before enjoying a pony ride in Gstaad F1 heiress Nip and tuck with Dr Tracy Mountford: Is there such a thing as a non-surgical eyelift?   Often, a surgical eyelift or a brow lift (or a gives the most long-lasting result Three generations of Beckham! David returns to Old Trafford with son Cruz and dad Ted as the trio watch Manchester United take on Liverpool Soccer game outing 'Disclaimer: I am not Deadpool!' Meet the OTHER Ryan Reynolds, a 29-year-old mayor of a tiny village in upstate New York He's not the actor Beefcake in Milan! Paris Hilton cosies up to muscle-bound models at Plein Sport runway show The reality TV icon turns 36 next month PJ-clad Jessica Alba plays beer pong at husband Cash Warren's birthday bash The 35-year-old Golden Globe nominee shared a clip Bare-faced beauty! Chloe Moretz keeps it casual in ripped sweatshirt and leggings The 19-year-old actress proved she doesn't need make-up or fancy clothes How YOU can shift your midlife middle! FEMAIL meets the trainer who says she has the secret, especially if you hate the gym, and promises results in SEVEN days Judy Garland slashed her own throat with a razor in the grip of chronic drug addiction, reveals her ex-husband  Sid Luft once found her semiconscious Anguish for George Michael's family as police hunt for more visitors to star's home before his death and former lover reveals addiction to COCA-COLA 'You just don't feel sexy!' The Hills star Audrina Patridge dishes on her love life after birth of baby daughter Kirra Motherhood secrets Brad Pitt looks relaxed as he hangs out with Sting and Chris Cornell at star-studded EB disease benefit in Malibu Saturday night in California 'Do you love her and do you know she wants to marry you?' How President Obama's advice for marital bliss brought together two grooms  Thrill seeker! Ariel Winter squeals with delight as she takes her niece to Disneyland on her sixth birthday She was treating her niece to a day out Wealthy Chinese and Russian couples snap up replicas of Princess Diana's sapphire and diamond engagement ring  Orders have soared Plaid to see you! Pregnant Natalie Portman covers her large baby bump in a stylish checked jacket as she goes for leisurely park stroll Hunky dory: Hollywood heartthrobs Chris Hemsworth and Matt Damon catch up over dinner in LA with Chris' wife Elsa Pataky Outside LA's Catch  He doesn't do things by halves! Rocco Ritchie can't contain his laughter as he breaks his skateboard in two while out and about in London Mariah Carey sports plunging LBD as she and toyboy Bryan Tanaka step out in London Has been enjoying time across the pond and a break from social media How Melania Trump dazzled her way to the (very) White House: Glamorous Slovenian has been rehearsing for years to become America's First Lady 'Thanks Uncle Snoop!' Miley Cyrus poses by a marijuana bar at weed-themed birthday party for boyfriend Liam Hemsworth Was a 'joint' shindig  Some helping hands! Blac Chyna heads to the mall with TWO nannies to help look after son King Cairo and baby Dream Family shopping trip  Kim Kardashian's former bodyguard breaks his silence on Paris robbery and says he's 'not avoiding anything' about the heist or WHY he was sacked Blac Chyna in the red? Star threatened with lawsuit for $3million in 'unpaid fees' as 'longtime managers' claim she 'cut them out' of lucrative deals Bottoms up! Kirsten Dunst flaunts her toned pins and perky derriere in skintight denims as she hides her jaw-dropping engagement ring in LA 'Observe the moment you feel truly happy': Chloe Lattanzi pens inspirational quote while flaunting cleavage after $415,000 Barbie doll transformation Heard what James said? Pierce Brosnan looks stern during press conference... after chatshow host Corden labels him 'rudest' celebrity Lindsay Lohan cuts a chic figure in a quirky dog print co-ord as she enjoys a night out with a male friend in Milan   With Italian reality star Tommaso Zorzi Spellbinding! Jessica Biel shows off her shapely legs in cut-out skirt as she attends premiere party for Just Add Magic Married to Justin Timberlake Love is in the air! Matthew McConaughey looks casually cool in a stylish camel coat as he and wife Camilla Alves jet over to New York City At the airport Christina Milian flaunts her ample cleavage in a saucy ensemble as she parties with BFF Karrueche Tran Heading out to Bootsy Bellows on the Sunset Strip Piers Morgan will interview former Ukip leader Nigel Farage on Life Stories... and declares that it will be the 'best TV' viewers have ever seen Fun for all the family! Vanessa Paradis and new boyfriend Samuel Benchetrit appear downcast as they take Lily Rose Depp for a day of shopping in Paris Run Daniel, run! James Bond star Craig makes a dash for it through the busy streets to make it to the New York Theater in time for his performance in Othello 'Happy birthday, Uncle!' Chris Hemsworth's four-year-old daughter makes a cute card for uncle Liam as the actor celebrates turning 27  Messages poured in  Lily James cuts a concerned figure as she talks on the phone...after boyfriend Matt Smith is spotted 'smoking suspicious cigarette'  Downton Abbey actress Suki Waterhouse flaunts her tanned and toned physique in a skimpy bikini as she jogs along the beach in Mexico Went for a run Young model admits Crohn's disease has 'torn apart' her life - as she says the debilitating illness has caused her to lose her social life, car and even her career Tina Fey pays tribute to Carrie Fisher as she appears in hologram form on Saturday Night Live Admits she was 'nervous' about the gig Lisa Rinna, 53, sizzles in skintight leather trousers alongside her model daughter Delilah, 18, as they dine in LA The former Days Of Our Lives actress  Victoria Beckham 'takes legal action to block Spice Girls reunion'... as Geri Horner announces she's leaving GEM to focus on her family Woman in white! Zoe Kravitz keeps it crisp at Elle's Women in Television event as she displays her svelte figure in an all-white ensemble from tip to toe Sylvester Stallone's daughters Sophia, 20, and Sistine, 18, sizzle in black ensembles alongside their mother Jennifer at star-studded Dolce & Gabbana party Candace Cameron Bure showcases new darker auburn locks in plunging gown at Hallmark party The actress showcased her stunning new hair  'Falcons got Future!' Ciara's ex pops up on the sidelines as her husband Russell Wilson plays losing NFL game A photo emerged on Twitter  'He's our little mascot': Dev Patel reveals the close bond he developed with eight-year-old Sunny Pawar on the set of Lion  Lot of love Orange you glad she came! Shailene Woodley sizzles in vibrant statement coat at star-studded Elle's Women in Television bash Make-up free Kate Hudson bundles up in all black with red cap as she steps out with Kurt Russell in Beverly Hills Almost Famous star opted for comfort  Progress report! Justin Bieber checks in on protégé Madison Beer over dinner at trendy Catch LA The Baby singer wore a Supreme sweatshirt 'It's an uphill struggle': Sienna Miller reveals she hasn't filmed a movie for a year claiming there 'aren't many great roles for women' White hot! Hailey Baldwin shows off her taut tummy wearing white mesh in stunning retro swimsuit shots Flaunted her fabulous physique  Julianne Hough puts her abs on display in red sports bra as she and brother Derek hit the gym Are a pair of very toned siblings  Classic colors! Reese Witherspoon and Nicole Kidman shine in black and white ensembles at Elle's Women in Television celebration Stunned in black  Pajama party! Chrissy Teigen and John Legend rock ridiculous chicken themed onesies in hilarious snaps Couple showed off their outlandish get-ups  'Good luck daddy' Tom Brady shares a sweet kiss with his daughter ahead of critical Patriots game His own little good luck charm  Smitten by the fantasy castle in Kate and Wills' Alpine playground: Why this gorgeous 'palace-rated' hotel in glitzy Courchevel is the stuff of dreams From Hollywood to Bollywood! Ruby Rose reveals she has ambitions to cut it in Asian market New film xXx: Return of Xander Cage is out 'My babies': Blac Chyna cuddles up to newborn daughter Dream and King Cairo in sweet Instagram video Shared the endearing clip with her fans Another baby on the way! Jeff Goldblum, 64, is expecting second child with wife Emilie Livingston, 33 Pair announced exciting news on Instagram  EXCLUSIVE: Shock for Harry's girl: Meghan Markle's BROTHER is arrested and charged with holding a gun to his girlfriend's head 'in violent, drunken row' Pink throws daughter Willow Sage celebratory 'big sister party' as she lovingly cradles newborn son Jameson Moon Opera star Andrea Bocelli backs out of singing at Trump's inauguration after receiving death threats Was rumored to be one of the acts performing  Spot the rock! Kate Mara flashes ring as it emerges she is engaged to Fantastic Four co-star Jamie Bell The band was glinting on her left hand  'I wish R.I.P. meant Return If Possible': Celine Dion unveils powerful new a cappella song in tribute to late husband Rene one year after his death 'HAPPY Z DAY'! Taylor Swift celebrates Zayn Malik's birthday by teasing their Fifty Shades Darker music video Sneak peak Khloe Kardashian's trainer spills the secrets to getting the reality star's enviable body - including countless squats, 'sled pushing' and intense boxing Fierce fashion instincts! Mandy Moore rocks chic animal print gown at Elle's Women in Television honors Joined ladies of the small screen Seeking comfort from her sister! Bella Hadid visits Gigi in snowy NYC after her ex The Weeknd is spotted kissing Selena Gomez Supportive family unit 'Grooming day!': Jenna Dewan Tatum shows off flawless make-up free face during futuristic-like skin session Has radiant skin 'Current mood': Naomi Watts shares flashack photo of herself as a bored schoolgirl in Brides of Christ as she complains about being on set past midnight  Back in a skintight minidress! Kim Kardashian is curvy in a cream number as she continues touring Dubai after $1,600 makeup masterclass Selena Gomez and The Weeknd's romance didn't break the friend code with Bella Hadid... because 'they're only acquaintances' Did she break the rules? Pretty in pink! Lindsay Lohan steps out in sexy silky ensemble in Milan The 30-year-old former wild-child was spotted looking pretty in pink as she left her hotel in Italy Girls' shopping trip! Katie Holmes takes daughter Suri Cruise to children's clothing store in LA Spent some quality time with her children  Channing Tatum and wife Jenna Dewan coordinate in baseball hats with jeans while running errands with daughter Everly, three Enjoyed family time  'Revenge Body? It's a no from me': Young woman who battled an eating disorder for six years says Khloe Kardashian's new show is 'a step backward'  Lamar Odom says the first he knew of his near fatal drugs overdose was waking up to find Khloé Kardashian at his side in hospital Scary realization  Fits like a glove! Viola Davis stuns in form-fitting teal dress during the London preview of Fences Golden Globe winner can command attention Back to where it all began! Megan Marx and Tiffany Scanlon confirm they are moving to Bali together as they reveal their unusual packing list PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Victoria Beckham wraps up in winter white polo neck as she enjoys girly day shopping with daughter Harper Returned from vacation 'She was her enemy': Elizabeth Taylor 'disliked' Sophia Loren as she feared the siren could steal love Richard Burton away, new book claims One Direction's Louis Tomlinson praises former bandmate Zayn Malik as he wins two nominations at 2017 BRIT Awards Richard Gere and longtime friend the Dalai Lama are spotted in deep conversation in India on the final day of religious event Kalachakra She's back! Mandy Moore returns as Rapunzel in new Tangled: Before Ever After trailer Sneak peak for the sequel released  'I don't apologize': Toby Keith defends his decision to perform at Donald Trump's  inauguration... as Jennifer Holliday backs out Mad about plaid! Melissa McCarthy, 46, shows off thinner frame in bright pantsuit as she reacts to Gilmore Girls' shocking conclusion Press tour  Susan Sarandon looks chic in all black as she attends panel for docu-series Killing Richard Glossip  Hit the stage as part of the panel  Blushing beauty! Karrueche Tran shows off feminine style in pleated dress as she joins Claws co-stars at the TNT TCAs Stunning shape  Getting ready for Washington DC! Caitlyn Jenner grabs a coffee as she prepares for her appearance at Donald Trump's inauguration Rocked a knitted top Celebrities come under fire from Trump supporters for 'pathetic' and 'uncool' video singing 'I Will Survive' before the Donald's inauguration Move over sisters! Kendall Jenner steals the Kardashian spotlight with racy HEADLESS bikini selfie that forces followers to check out her body Covered up for a change! Ariel Winter dresses down in casual white tee to take care of morning chores Took a step back from her provocative snaps  GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Harry and Meghan are set to slope off for a romantic break... but poor old William may miss his Alpine adventure with Kate  Knowles... Run The World!  Beyonce and Solange go will compete for Best International Female Solo Artist 2017 BRIT Award Sisters are slaying! Sofia Richie flaunts lace bra and washboard abs in coordinated tracksuit as she attends Moschino Milan fashion show with Paris Hilton Partying up a storm  Victoria's Secret supermodel Karlie Kloss is heading back to Australia as it's announced she will make her runway debut for David Jones So Royals do carry cash - and wear on-trend trainers! Duke of Kent, 81, withdraws wads of notes from an ATM near his Kensington home  Revealed, Lulu's guilty pleasure... HEAVY METAL: Scottish pop icon plans to unleash her inner rock goddess  She's even considered the different career path Kelly Rowland is relaxed in jeans and a sweater as she totes son Titan during lunch outing in Beverly Hills She is set to be a judge on The Voice Australia  How DID photographer Harry Benson get Donald Trump to look like a million dollars and make monkeys out of The Beatles? By being the original... Flash Harry LIZ JONES: Trust me Madonna, Cheryl and Wendi Deng, you'll NEVER find true love with a toy boy  Madonna's new toy boy, , is 32 years her junior. 'I did advise': Brian Blessed warned George Lucas about Jar Jar Binks when filming Phantom Menace... and insists Alec Guinness did not hate Star Wars Mark Hamill reads Donald Trump tweet using The Joker voice in hilarious audio clip after Meryl Streep Golden Globes speech Why so serious, Don? Date night! Ireland Baldwin holds hands with boyfriend Noah Schweizer in West Hollywood while showing off her long legs in mini skirt From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more GADGET REVIEWS Is it really worth paying £280 for the Switch? MailOnline gives its verdict on Nintendo's latest console While the design is impressive and easy to use, the game line up is disappointing. Google's Daydream: The $79 headset that could bring VR to the masses Google's $79 headset is superb in terms of hardware - but is currently let down by a lack of apps. However, it has absolutely huge potential to finally bring VR to the masses. Welcome Home: Google's $130 smart speaker Google's smart Home speaker still has a lot of learning to do, and loses out to Amazon's Echo in some areas - but has incredible potential 'Not quite an iPhone replacement': Google's Pixel phone Google's Pixel handset is good, and boasts an amazing camera and smart assistant. It's the king of the Android handsets - but still not great. Xbox One S review: Console that will make your 4K TV shine Microsoft's Xbox One S has shrunk the giant console by 40%, and is stunningly designed console with 4K HDR capabilities - but comes with some caveats. The $1,000 wireless speaker that really IS worth the price: Naim Mu-so Qb review Naim's incredible Mu-So Qb takes you back to the good old days - where the music captivates and enthralls, rather that simply being something in the background. The hi-tech $2,000 spin bike that really could change your life Peloton's hi-tech bike lets you stream live and on demand rides to your home - and it's one of the best examples of fitness technology out there - at a price. Apple's new 9.7inch iPad Pro is a powerhouse you can take anywhere Apple has added a few improvements to the smaller version, creating a tablet that is astonishingly powerful, but, unlike its big brother, is something you'll be able to carry everywhere. A familiar old friend that could be the perfect starter phone: Dailymail.com's verdict on the iPhone SE The new iPhone SE has a 4inch screen and familiar design - but has had a huge upgrade on the inside, making this a perfect first time iPhone. Speaker that looks as good as its sounds: B&W Zeppelin Wireless review It's not cheap, but the $699 (£500) Zeppelin Wireless is perfect for the design conscious music fan. The iPad grows up: Apple's iPad Pro The iPad Pro is, for many, a real laptop replacement - and a way to combine work and play in a gadget that will last all day and won't break your back to carry. 'A glimpse into the future of the living room': The new Apple TV Apple says apps are the future of TV, and while its new $149 box does have some issues, its combination of streaming services, games and other apps make it the best way to make your TV smart. The best all in one wireless speaker you'll ever hear: Naim Mu-so review It might not be a name familiar to the US market, but Naim is a legendary British brand hoping to make a splash with the American launch of its $1499 Mu:So speaker. From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more Download our iPhone app Download our Android app Next story ISIS is increasingly modifying home drones to drop bombs - and US troops say they now see them in Mosul every DAY 52 comments 2 videos SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
TrustedReviews Facebook Twitter Googleplus TVs & Audio Cameras Computing Mobile Home appliances Gaming MWC 2017 GPS & Sat Nav Mobile Apps Mobile Phone Accessories Mobile Phones Tablets Wearables & Fitness Trending: CES 2017 Apple Watch 2 iPhone 7 Galaxy S7 vs iPhone 6S Google Pixel Galaxy S7 Home / News / Fitness News / LG is plotting an Android Wear 2.0 watch, will it be fly like the G6? LG is plotting an Android Wear 2.0 watch, will it be fly like the G6? by Chris Smith 13 January 2017 0 shares Read Comments The LG G6 might not be the only Android device the company has lined up for MWC. New reports point to an Android Wear 2.0 smartwatch in LG’s near future. Images spotted via the Federal Communications Commission (FCC) suggest the Korean giant is planning to give the Google-based operating system another spin. The model number ZNFW280 seems to suggest it will be a follow on from the LG Urbane series, while the listing reveals the device will also boast LTE cellular capabilities and 2.4GHz Wi-Fi. The filing follows the launch of the Casio WSD-F20 at CES 2017, earlier this month, as the first device to arrive with the much-delayed Android Wear 2.0 on board. Read more: Is Android Wear 2.0 coming to your smartwatch? Google is also working on two flagship Android Wear 2.0 devices, which are expected to launch at MWC 2017 and become available before the end of March. It is not known which manufacturer is partnering with Google for these so-called ‘Pixel’ watches, which are rumoured to be codenamed Swordfish and Angelfish. Google has said they will not be solely 'Made by Google' and will feature manufacturer branding, unlike the HTC-built Pixel phone. Reports this week suggested developers have until “early February” to get their apps updated ahead of the full Android Wear 2.0 rollout Android Pay first look Can the refreshed OS, which includes standalone apps a new UI and better fitness tools, save Android Wear from obscurity? Share your thoughts in the comments below. 0 shares Read Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Free Newsletter Get TrustedReviews' award-winning reviews, opinions and advice delivered to your inbox for free! By submitting your details, you'll also receive emails from Time Inc. UK, publisher of Trusted Reviews and other iconic brands about its goods and services, and those of its carefully selected third parties. Please tick here if you'd prefer not to hear about: Time Inc.'s goods & services, including all the latest news, great deals and offers Third party goods & services ⩔ Show More Terms & Conditions | Privacy & Cookies Policy More on Trusted Reviews More information - Sitemap| About us| Contact us| Advertise with us Facebook Twitter Googleplus Trusted Reviews is part of the Time Inc. (UK) Ltd Technology Network © Time Inc. (UK) Ltd 2003-2017, All rights reserved| Terms of use| Privacy Policy| Cookie Information Free Newsletter Get TrustedReviews' award-winning reviews and advice delivered to your inbox for free! By submitting your details, you'll also receive emails from Time Inc. UK, publisher of Trusted Reviews and other iconic brands about its goods and services, and those of its carefully selected third parties. Please tick here if you'd prefer not to hear about: Time Inc.'s goods & services, including all the latest news, great deals and offers Third party goods & services ⩔ Show More Terms & Conditions | Privacy & Cookies Policy
Toggle search box Toggle navigation Home News Amazon Microsoft Startups Space Science Sports Tech Cloud Tech – presented by Salesforce Geek Life Podcast Apple Google Impact Series Real Estate App of the Week Geek of the Week Startup Spotlight Geek Home of the Week by Realogics Sotheby’s Working Geek – presented by Smartsheet Tech Moves Launch Pads Jobs Events GeekWire Events Community Calendar Resources Memberships Health Benefits Startup Resources Startup List GeekWire 200 Seattle Engineering Centers Startup Spaces GeekWire Store Community Calendar Deals About About GeekWire Email Newsletters Contact Us Advertise Sponsors Reprints & Permissions Search for: LATEST POPULAR T-Mobile CEO scolds Sprint CEO for laughing at Chelsea Handler’s Twitter joke about car crashing into T-Mobile store GeekWire Deals: Giveaway! Enter for a chance to win a Sonos PLAY:5 and a year of Spotify or Apple Music How this reluctant Fitbit investor almost missed a $1.6 billion windfall Week in Review: Most popular stories on GeekWire for the week of Jan. 8, 2017 SpaceX returns to flight with Iridium satellite launch – and rocket landing! Amazon wants FCC approval to test mysterious wireless communications system Life-size LEGO Batmobile uses 344,000 bricks — and needs one superhero behind the wheel Moon Express reportedly has the money for moonshot – but launch is up in the air Seattle is shutting down its bike-share program, will reallocate funding to other projects Reality check: Lucasfilm won’t put virtual Carrie Fisher in future Star Wars films Here’s a twist: UW biochemists find clever ways to pick a protein’s pockets profitably Vicis raises another $4M as it prepares to equip teams with high-tech football helmet Digital advertising company AudienceScience cuts jobs amid shift in business GeekWire Calendar Picks: How tech is disrupting politics and economics; SciFi and fantasy short film festival; and more Obama’s edict to help immigrant entrepreneurs start companies in the U.S. takes effect GeekWork Picks: Allen Institute for Artificial Intelligence seeks DevOps Lead to drive technical operations Spacewalkers finish swapping batteries Geek of the Week: Life Science Washington CEO Leslie Alexandre gets elbow-deep in health policy The Week in Geek: Envelop VR closes its doors; drone crashes into the Space Needle; and more GeekWire Deals: Become a data analytics pro with 89% off this Big Data Hadoop bundle Amazon to add 100,000 full-time U.S. jobs in next 18 months, growing domestic workforce 55 percent Dramatic video footage shows drone circling and then crashing into Seattle’s Space Needle Guest Post: U.S. Immigration Services issues new standards to make it easer for foreign entrepreneurs to get green cards Facebook grabs another Seattle office building, flexing its muscles again in the heart of Amazonia Amazon and Jeff Bezos get the spotlight (and a punch line) at the Golden Globes Study: Microsoft Teams set to pass Slack, Google Hangouts as second most-used business chat app in next 2 years Portland makes the best viral snow videos: Watch zoo animals play after this week’s storm Amazon wants FCC approval to test mysterious wireless communications system Obama’s edict to help immigrant entrepreneurs start companies in the U.S. takes effect SpaceX returns to flight with Iridium satellite launch – and rocket landing! Inside the F Bomb Breakfast Club, a space for Seattle’s badass female founders Creepy new T-Mobile commercials make me say ‘gross’ every time they air on TV Inside an avalanche: Watch snowboarder’s inflatable backpack save his life during disaster Amazon removes Indian flag doormat from site after official threatens to rescind employee visas Bill Gates and Intellectual Ventures attempt to patent a high-tech football helmet This video of monkeys mourning their adopted robot baby will hit you right in the feels After a rocky year, enterprise virtual reality startup Envelop VR is shutting down AT&T to customers complaining about DirecTV Now problems: We’re working on it How this reluctant Fitbit investor almost missed a $1.6 billion windfall Jeff Bezos is the reported buyer of the largest house in Washington, D.C., for $23M in cash Trending: Amazon wants FCC approval to test mysterious wireless communications system Amazon continues to grow lead over Google as starting point for online shoppers by Taylor Soper on January 13, 2017 at 10:57 amJanuary 13, 2017 at 11:01 am Comments  1 Share  76 Tweet Share  98 Reddit Email Buy a GeekWire membership today! (Photo by GeekWire/Kevin Lisota) Where do you start when shopping for something online? For a majority of people, it’s Amazon — not Google. That’s one finding from a recent research report from Raymond James that surveyed 587 people about their online habits. The study found 52 percent of respondents who said they start their online purchasing process at Amazon, which is up from 47 percent last year, and 38 percent from the year prior. That compares to 26 percent who say they start at a search engine. This graph shows the changing habits clearly: Via Raymond James. The trend toward Amazon and away from Google is highlighted even more so with younger shoppers aged 18-to-29, with 62 percent of respondents from that age group starting on Amazon versus 21 percent at a search engine. Via Raymond James. Amazon first passed Google as the top destination for U.S. online shoppers in 2012, according to a Forrester Research report. In 2014, Alphabet Chairman Eric Schmidt said that Amazon was his company’s biggest search competitor. Google, which makes a majority of its revenue via search advertising, is responding to Amazon’s growth by improving its shopping search results and ads while rolling out other shopping-focused initiatives. The Raymond James survey also asked users about Amazon Prime, with 44 percent of respondents noting that they have a membership — which costs $99 per year — and plan to keep it, up from 33 percent last year: Via Raymond James. The strongest Prime membership adoption was for the 30-to-59 year old age range. Of the respondents who have a Prime membership, 88 percent said they use it for free 2-day shipping, and 44 percent said they use it for video content: Via Raymond James. The survey was assessed prior to the holiday season and asked folks where they were most likely to spend the most for holiday shopping. The responses show how much Amazon dominates the retail landscape: Via Raymond James. Amazon, with a market cap of nearly $400 billion, is now worth more than these 10 retailers combined: Macy’s, Kohl’s, Sears, JCPenney, Nordstrom, Best Buy, Barnes & Noble, Dillard’s, Gap, and Target. This is crazy. Amazon destroying the retail world in one chart pic.twitter.com/qkJqXH7n1h — Ben Carlson (@awealthofcs) January 13, 2017 Taylor Soper is a GeekWire staff reporter who covers a wide variety of tech assignments, including emerging startups in Seattle and Portland, the sharing economy and the intersection of technology and sports. Follow him @taylor_soper and email taylor@geekwire.com. Comments 1 Share  76 Tweet Share  98 Reddit Email Previous StorySpaceX gets ready to return to flight amid revelations about rocket finances Next StoryFacebook grabs another Seattle office building, flexing its muscles again in the heart of Amazonia Filed Under: Amazon • Google  Tagged With: Amazon • e-commerce • Google • online shopping GeekWire Newsletters Subscribe to GeekWire's free newsletters to catch every headline Email address Subscribe GeekWire Daily - Top headlines daily GeekWire Weekly - Most-read stories of the week, delivered Sunday GeekWire Sports Tech - The intersection of sports & technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Space & Science - Weekly headlines from Alan Boyle, award-winning aerospace and science editor GeekWire Podcasts — Weekly update with our latest audio episodes GeekWire Cloud Tech Weekly — Cloud and developer technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Mid-week Update — Most-read stories so far this week, delivered Wednesday GeekWire Local Deals — Special offers for Pacific Northwest area readers Send Us a Tip Have a scoop that you'd like GeekWire to cover? Let us know. Send Us a Tip See MoreGeekWire Events Related Stories Amazon’s dominance of online shopping starts with product searches, study shows Study: 55% of shoppers start their search on Amazon, up 11% from last year How Cyber Monday is overtaking Black Friday, and all the holiday shopping trends you need to know Watch out, Amazon: Google Express home delivery service launches in Seattle as part of big expansion Previous StorySpaceX gets ready to return to flight amid revelations about rocket finances Next StoryFacebook grabs another Seattle office building, flexing its muscles again in the heart of Amazonia Like what you're reading? Subscribe to GeekWire's free newsletters to catch every headline Email address Subscribe GeekWire Daily - Top headlines daily GeekWire Weekly - Most-read stories of the week, delivered Sunday GeekWire Sports Tech - The intersection of sports & technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Space & Science - Weekly headlines from Alan Boyle, award-winning aerospace and science editor GeekWire Podcasts — Weekly update with our latest audio episodes GeekWire Cloud Tech Weekly — Cloud and developer technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Mid-week Update — Most-read stories so far this week, delivered Wednesday GeekWire Local Deals — Special offers for Pacific Northwest area readers Comments See MoreGeekWire Picks More product reviews and recommendations GeekWire Deals: Giveaway! Enter for a chance to win a Sonos PLAY:5 and a year of Spotify or Apple Music GeekWire Deals: Become a data analytics pro with 89% off this Big Data Hadoop bundle Most Popular on GeekWire Amazon to add 100,000 full-time U.S. jobs in next 18 months, growing domestic workforce 55 percent Dramatic video footage shows drone circling and then crashing into Seattle’s Space Needle Guest Post: U.S. Immigration Services issues new standards to make it easer for foreign entrepreneurs to get green cards Facebook grabs another Seattle office building, flexing its muscles again in the heart of Amazonia Job Listings on GeekWork Find more jobs on GeekWork. Employers, post a job here. GeekWire Sales ProfessionalGeekWire DATA ENGINEEREnigma Young InvestigatorThe Allen Institute for Artificial Intelligence (AI2) A Word From Our Sponsors Don’t miss a moment in 2017. Become a GeekWire member today! Purchase a membership here today. Nutreco Feed Tech Challenge registers over 340 participants on online platform in six weeks. Read More Growth Spurt: The Year in Review of Paul Allen’s Living Computers: Museum + Labs Read More Adforprize: Shake up the ad industry and win prizes Read More Tune in Geeks: GeekWire Radio Click here for the latest GeekWire Podcasts Don’t miss a moment in 2017. Become a GeekWire member today! Purchase a membership here today. Nutreco Feed Tech Challenge registers over 340 participants on online platform in six weeks. Read More Growth Spurt: The Year in Review of Paul Allen’s Living Computers: Museum + Labs Read More Adforprize: Shake up the ad industry and win prizes Read More Tune in Geeks: GeekWire Radio Click here for the latest GeekWire Podcasts Galactic Sponsors Platinum Sponsors Gold Sponsors Silver Sponsors About About GeekWire Contact Us Ask About Advertising Send Us a Tip Apply for Startup Spotlight Apply for Geek of the Week Become a GeekWire Member Join Our Startup List Reprints and Permissions Follow GeekWire Newsletters Catch every headline in your inbox Email address Subscribe GeekWire Daily - Top headlines daily GeekWire Weekly - Most-read stories of the week, delivered Sunday GeekWire Sports Tech - The intersection of sports & technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Space & Science - Weekly headlines from Alan Boyle, award-winning aerospace and science editor GeekWire Podcasts — Weekly update with our latest audio episodes GeekWire Cloud Tech Weekly — Cloud and developer technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Mid-week Update — Most-read stories so far this week, delivered Wednesday GeekWire Local Deals — Special offers for Pacific Northwest area readers GeekWire Apps iOS Android Apple News Windows Phone Windows 8 Google Play Newsstand GeekWire Developer Blog Return to Top of Page Privacy Policy | Terms of Use © 2011-2017 GeekWire, LLC
Neowin Login Sign up News Latest Microsoft Google Apple Software Behold, the Xbox One S laptop! 13 minutes ago Xiaomi Redmi Pro review: Dual camera and 10 cores without breaking the bank 1 hour ago Here's some additional Switch content from Nintendo of Japan 2 hours ago First 24: Hands-on with the Honor 6X 2 hours ago View all recent news Acer's Liquid Jade Primo Windows phone disappears from the US Microsoft Store 3 hours ago Skype for Linux Alpha gets updated to 1.15, adds autostart and start minimized features 17 hours ago 7 Days: A week of Windows 10 updates, Nintendo's gaming goodness, and all sorts of Androids Jan 14, 2017 Bluetooth improvements are coming in the Windows 10 Creators Update Jan 14, 2017 View all Microsoft news Apple's App Store experienced 60% growth, Google Play app revenue grew 82% in Q4 2016 17 hours ago YouTube "Super Chat" is a new way to support livestream comments Jan 14, 2017 7 Days: A week of Windows 10 updates, Nintendo's gaming goodness, and all sorts of Androids Jan 14, 2017 Google's internet drone Project Titan has come to an end Jan 14, 2017 View all Google news Apple's App Store experienced 60% growth, Google Play app revenue grew 82% in Q4 2016 17 hours ago 7 Days: A week of Windows 10 updates, Nintendo's gaming goodness, and all sorts of Androids Jan 14, 2017 Apple App Store anti-trust lawsuit brought back from the dead Jan 13, 2017 It's now possible to request an Uber ride directly from Google Maps Jan 13, 2017 View all Apple news Bulk Crap Uninstaller 3.6 Jan 13, 2017 AVG Anti-Virus Free 17.1.3006 Jan 12, 2017 Adobe Flash Player 24.0.0.194 Jan 12, 2017 Foxit Reader 8.2.0.2051 Jan 12, 2017 View all software news Features Reviews Editorials Unboxings Trending Xiaomi Redmi Pro review: Dual camera and 10 cores without breaking the bank 1 hour ago Elephone S7 review: affordability has its drawbacks 14 hours ago A quick review of the MGCool Band 2 fitness tracker Jan 3, 2017 Thecus W2810PRO review, a NAS device running Windows Storage Server 2012 R2 Essentials Jan 1, 2017 View all reviews Looking back: In 2016, Microsoft became one of the most exciting companies in the tech world Dec 31, 2016 Redmond delights: 10 reasons to be excited about Microsoft's future Nov 14, 2016 Editorial - When replacing your Samsung Galaxy Note7, consider these replacement options Oct 16, 2016 Editorial - Horde 3.0 changed my mind about Gears of War 4 Sep 7, 2016 View all editorials First 24: Hands-on with Samsung's Gear S3 classic Nov 26, 2016 Spectre x360 (2016) unboxing and first impressions: HP may have a winner Nov 12, 2016 Alcatel IDOL 4S with Windows 10 unboxing and first impressions Nov 4, 2016 Unboxing the Lenovo Moto Z reveals some unexpected surprises Oct 21, 2016 View all unboxings Here's the complete list of all confirmed games for the Nintendo Switch Jan 14, 2017 Philippine government blocks Pornhub and other adult websites Jan 14, 2017 This Weekend's PC Game Deals - There's a fix for every gamer in the current winter sale 9 hours ago Xiaomi won't release sales figures anymore Jan 14, 2017 View all trending news Forums Deals Recent Highlights Interests On a Budget Save 48% off this Zendure A8 26,800mAh QC3.0 Portable Battery Bank via Neowin Deals Jan 13, 2017 Get the Oracle Database 12c Administration Training Bundle for just $49 via Neowin Deals Jan 12, 2017 Get this Professional Android Developer Bundle for just $39 via Neowin Deals Jan 11, 2017 Get this Fast Charging Qi Wireless Charging Stand for just $28.99 Jan 10, 2017 View all recent deals Best Sellers Pay What You Want Gear + Gadgets Software Bundles View all Neowin Deals For Developers Productivity Accessories E-Learning View all Neowin Deals Under $20 Freebies Giveaways View all Neowin Deals More Subscribe Store Chat on IRC Send Tip Write for Neowin About Us Advertising Facebook Twitter Follow @neowinfeed Google+ Google is using new machine learning technology to save you some bandwidth By Gabriel Nunes Neowin LLC @_nunesgh · Jan 13, 2017 with 17 comments Top: Original, Bottom: RAISR super-resolved 2x. We're now living in a world where high-resolution displays are everywhere. From large TVs to smartphones, the demand for high-quality images has also increased. That's why Google Research introduced a new technology named RAISR (Rapid and Accurate Image Super-Resolution) last year, in an attempt to harness the power of machine learning to produce high-quality versions of low-resolution images. According to Google, its new technology is also ready for mobile use: "RAISR produces results that are comparable to or better than the currently available super-resolution methods, and does so roughly 10 to 100 times faster, allowing it to be run on a typical mobile device in real-time." The company explained that RAISR uses machine learning to train the algorithm on a pair of images, one low quality, the other high quality. This training allows the selection of filters that are applied to each pixel of the low-resolution image in order to recreate details that are of comparable quality to the original, as you can see in the image below. Top: RAISR algorithm at run-time, applied to a cheap upscaler’s output. Bottom: Low-res original (left), bicubic upsampler 2x (middle), RAISR output (right). But Google seems to have found another use for the RAISR technology, according to a blog post this week. The company has stated that by using RAISR to display some of the large images on Google+, it was able to reduce the use of bandwidth by up to 75 percent per image. That was achieved because the reconstruction of a low-resolution image creates a new file smaller than the original, maintaining a comparable quality, as explained above. Finally, Google has stated that only a subset of Android devices is already using the technology, as it has just started rolling it out. Nevertheless, RAISR is currently being used on more than 1 billion images each week, and has saved about a third of the total bandwidth used by the owners of those devices. Source & Images: Google Blog via The Verge Tags Google Machine learning Raisr Like Tweet Share Share Report a problem with article Previous Story It's now possible to request an Uber ride directly from Google Maps Next Story Microsoft releases the January Office Mobile Insider Preview build - here's what's new Advertisement Community Activity Refresh I miss Windows 8/8.1 Start "Tattoos"... in Microsoft Insider Previews Behold, the Xbox One S laptop! in Front Page News Acer's Liquid Jade Primo Windows phone disappears from the US Microsoft Store in Front Page News StorPort.SYS GSOD Error Can't Update Windows Insider in Microsoft Insider Previews RX470 multimonitor support in Hardware Hangout The Clinton Foundation Is Shutting Down The Clinton Global Initiative in Real World Issues Have the recent details of the Nintendo Switch increased or decreased your interest/early adopter likelihood? in Nintendo Console Grab DiRT Showdown for free as part of the Humble Store Winter Sale in Front Page News Trending Stories Here's the complete list of all confirmed games for the Nintendo Switch Jan 14, 2017 with 17 comments Philippine government blocks Pornhub and other adult websites Jan 14, 2017 with 42 comments This Weekend's PC Game Deals - There's a fix for every gamer in the current winter sale 9 hours ago with 5 comments Xiaomi won't release sales figures anymore Jan 14, 2017 with 3 comments Related Stories Google is warning some high-profile users were target of state-sponsored hacking attack Nov 24, 2016 OnePlus unveils the 3T with Snapdragon 821 and larger 3400mAh battery, starting at $439 Nov 15, 2016 Google teaches DeepMind AI how to interact with real objects; squish puny humans Nov 11, 2016 Here's what's new in the first Skype Insider Preview builds Nov 8, 2016 · Hot! deals VPN Unlimited: Lifetime Subscription $499.99 $29.99 94% off Pay What You Want: White Hat Hacker 2017 Bundle $1,271.00 $1.00 100% off VPNSecure: Lifetime Subscription $450.00 $39.00 91% off Scrivener for Windows $40.00 $20.00 50% off Oracle Database 12c Administration Training Bundle $2,065.00 $49.00 98% off Show Comments 17 Comments - Add comment Sort by oldest first (thread view) Sort by newest first (thread view) Sort by oldest first (linear view) Sort by newest first (linear view) Advertisement Report Comment Close Please enter your reason for reporting this comment. BBCode Helper Close The following codes can be used in comments. [b]bold[/b] [i]italics[/i] [u]underline[/u] [s] strikethrough[/s] [url]link[/url] [img]imageurl[/img] [quote]text[/quote] Company Contact Us About Us Write for Neowin Advertising Community Forums Subscribe Chat on IRC Neowin Deals Social Facebook Twitter Google+ YouTube DMCA Policy Terms of Use Privacy Statement © Since 2000 Neowin LLC. All trademarks mentioned are the property of their respective owners. Top of Page Login Close Username or email: Password Remember me Sign In Sign in with Facebook Sign in with Twitter Sign in with Google Sign in with Live ID Loading
Donate About Advertise Contact Log-in Register Browse by Issue Anti-Racism Arts & Culture Civil Liberties Economy Education Elections Environment Feminism Food & Health Indigenous Labour LGBTIQ Media Matters Politics in Canada Technology Political Action US Politics World Search this site: home babble podcasts rabbletv blogs Toolkit Alerts Newsfeeds / RSS About Blogs All Blog Posts Home » Blogs » OpenMedia.ca's blog rabble blogs are the personal pages of some of Canada's most insightful progressive activists and commentators. All opinions belong to the writer; however, writers are expected to adhere to our guidelines. We welcome new bloggers -- contact us for details. Open Media's blog OpenMedia works to keep the Internet open, affordable, and surveillance-free. We create community-driven campaigns to engage, educate and empower people to safeguard the Internet. Follow us on Twitter @OpenMediaOrg. Google v. Equustek at the Supreme Court of Canada: Dispatch from the hearing By Cynthia Khoo | January 13, 2017 Print Write to editor Support rabble Corrections As indescribably nebulous and expansive as the Internet can be, one could compare it to outer space, but never to a vacuum. Almost anything that happens online will eventually find its place in a web of real-world context, whether by reference, implication, cause, or consequence. It is this persistently dual nature of the Internet -- a space clearly its own and separate from the bricks-and-mortar world, yet in every way wrapped up with our everyday, offline lives -- that makes it so difficult for courts and other decision-makers to wrap their minds, and laws, around. Last year, OpenMedia intervened in a landmark Internet and free expression case at the Supreme Court of Canada, Google Inc. v. Equustek Solutions Inc., et al. I attended the hearing on behalf of OpenMedia, and how it played out showcased a perfect example of the dynamic described above. To recap, Google v. Equustek featured an intellectual property (IP) lawsuit over trade secrets, where the defendants skipped trial, disappeared, and continued selling the sued-over products online while in hiding. In response, the plaintiff (Equustek) went after Google instead, asking the search engine to take down search results leading to the defendants' websites. Google voluntarily took down the results on google.ca, but refused to for the rest of its non-Canadian domains. Both the B.C. Supreme Court and B.C. Court of Appeal disagreed with this, and ordered Google to take down its search results for the defendants' websites worldwide. Needless to say, OpenMedia disagreed with that, and you can read more about why here, as well as learn more about OpenMedia's intervention in the case. The rest of this article will highlight key issues that emerged throughout the hearing itself, each of which highlights in some way the tension between seeing and treating the Internet as a kind of parallel universe where anything goes, and just another room in the world where the same rules apply as usual. 1. What is to be done? The first issue is one that the Supreme Court justices continually returned to throughout Google's appearance before them, and one that Google struggled to answer: what is a reasonable remedy for the plaintiff? If the defendant is still operating online and committing illegal activities unhindered, and there is no way to get at them, then what is a feasible, practical, logistically reasonable solution that will get the plaintiff justice on the ground? Is it more practical to ask Google to confirm the takedown aligns with the intellectual property laws of every country around the world? Or is it more reasonable to ask Equustek to chase the defendant around the world, or sue Google in every country? The former would unofficially deputize an uninvolved search engine as extended law enforcement, while the latter would mean only those with deep pockets could afford real-world justice in the face of Internet-based injustice. The Supreme Court justices were very concerned with the issue of practical remedies for the plaintiff, and for good reason: despite its association with the pursuit of truth and justice, at the end of the day, the law is about resolving disputes. One or more people have a problem, something has to be done about it, and theoretical conundrums about the nature of the Internet only go so far before the Court must land somewhere with an answer, if only so those involved can move on with their lives. Another example of this occurred when Google explained that one problem it had with the global takedown order was that it would be indefinite, and likely permanent. Immediately, Justice Russell Brown asked if the possibility of sunset clauses (essentially expiry dates) would be helpful, demonstrating more of the Court's attentiveness to practical solutions, no matter how thorny the theoretical issues involved. 2. Is a "borderless" internet a "lawless" internet? If needing a fair and reasonable solution that is doable in the real world pulls on one side of the problem, then the abstract, borderless, fluid-like (it goes everywhere) nature of the Internet and its ability to transcend real-world constraints pulls on the other. As CIPPIC's Tamir Israel said, "How are laws, legal systems, which have always been territorial and based on physical territory, going to work on this medium?" Equustek's lawyer dismissed this tension as the "frankly nonsensical idea of the borderless Internet". However, the Internet's global reach is not only one of the key things that has made it so powerful and world-changing to begin with; but it was also the reason Equustek and Google were in court at all -- because the defendant was selling without borders. To be fair, Equustek meant that at the end of the day, the Internet consists of servers and data centres that can be pinned to physical locations and treated accordingly. Equustek questioned the notion that, "As soon as you move illegal conduct on Internet, it's somehow beyond reach?" This would make the Internet "a lawless zone for all practical purposes because no one but the most powerful can afford to litigate in dozens of countries." As with so many things though, it's not a matter of one or the other. Being borderless does not mean the Internet is, or should be, lawless. Multiple examples exist of law done rightwhen it comes to the Internet, and this is part of what digital rights advocates work towards every day. Rather, it means there are different considerations and a heightened level of care that courts should apply in creating or interpreting laws that involve the Internet.OpenMedia, as well as the amazing folks at the BCCLA and EFF, emphasized this point throughout each of our interventions. 3. It's not just about IP: The importance of context and precedent The broader context of online expression and how information flows across the Internet is why it matters so much that lawmakers don't see Google v. Equustek as "just" an intellectual property (IP) case that doesn't have anything to do with free expression or related Charter values. Precedent has power, and a global takedown order would give lawsuit-happy rightsholder groups a major new weapon in their arsenal with which to go after fundamental threats like children and libraries. This is despite the International Federation of Film Producers Associations telling the Supreme Court at the hearing, "You won't find anyone more supportive of freedom of expression." (Just ignore this rebuttal here.) Not to mention, even when cases are explicitly "only intellectual property", these groups already have a long and storied track record of overreaching and stretching the law in a way that goes beyond what's fair, sensible, or necessary. Instead, they have encroached on free expression, chilled online speech, diminished the public domain, prevented new creators from contributing their art, and undermined new and diverse forms of cultural production. They don't need more help doing these things.   Furthermore, a careless or misguided decision in this case could turn the borderless nature of the Internet against us. Courts in a country on the other side of the world -- or next door -- could decide what content we can or can't access online in Canada (as well as everywhere else). Free expression online would become a global distortion of "all [taking down links] for one; and one [deciding legality of content] for all." This could happen regardless of whether the removed content is actually legal or not in each specific country. As Katherine Maher of Wikimedia said, "Today as the internet grows, parts of it are quietly disappearing. Around the world, courts are requiring search engines to omit selected results. This trend chips away at freedom of expression and the right to information online, and creates ugly precedents that could jeopardize the future of our open and free internet....If every country had the chance to punch memory holes in the internet, we would swiftly find ourselves with history scrubbed of essential records." 4. A legal test for the twenty-first century Ultimately, Google v. Equustek is bigger than either Google or Equustek, and almost not even about them at all. Based on the facts of the case, it's hard not to sympathize with Equustek or want them to get redress. The point here, and the point of OpenMedia's intervention, has never been that Google wins and Equustek loses. The point is that no matter which company wins or loses, Canada ends up with a Supreme Court decision that protects free expression and the open Internet even while solving the specific dispute before the Court. The point is to ensure the resulting law is a considered, nuanced, forward-looking, and yes, tech-savvy approach to crafting law for the "borderless internet", rather than a blithe, Internet-chilling precedent for future parties and courts to uncritically apply going forward. What might such an approach look like? At the hearing, both the B.C. Civil Liberties Association (BCCLA) and Electronic Frontier Foundation (EFF) put forth good suggestions. The BCCLA set out a nuanced legal test in which a global search results takedown would be available as an option, but considered an extraordinary response and only available where there are no reasonable alternatives, and the takedown would be effective and meaningful. Under the EFF's proposal, the takedown order would only be available once the plaintiff had exhausted all other alternatives -- the court must grant it out of "necessity, not convenience". The plaintiff must also show that the takedown is technically possible, would be enforceable in the affected countries, doesn't go against core values in the affected countries, and that it is proportionate to the costs and benefits. Both organizations emphasized that an appropriate test must take free expression rights into full account, with BCCLA referencing impact on Charter values as a key factor.   Conclusion The Supreme Court is not likely to hand down its decision for another several months, and by all accounts, it's a fool's game to predict where the justices will land on the basis of questions and oral arguments. What we do know, however, is that these issues are far from resolved. You can count on actors from governments to embarrassed politicians to film and music publishers to copyright trolls pushing the law as far as it will go over the line between taming the Internet, and breaking the Internet. But even more so, and with your help, you can count on groups like OpenMedia, the BCCLA, and the EFF always to be there fighting when they try.   Cynthia Khoo is an Internet and digital policy lawyer retained as external counsel to OpenMedia on a variety of files, including intervening in Google Inc. v. Equustek Solutions Inc., et al. at the Supreme Court of Canada. She was called to the Bar of Ontario in June 2016, after completing articles with the Public Interest Advocacy Centre.   embedded_video Print Write to editor Support rabble Corrections Tags: intellectual property google free expression Supreme Court Charter SCC Equustek search results link takedowns medium of communication Comments We welcome your comments! rabble.ca embraces a pro-human rights, pro-feminist, anti-racist, queer-positive, anti-imperialist and pro-labour stance, and encourages discussions which develop progressive thought. Our full comment policy can be found here. Learn more about Disqus on rabble.ca and your privacy here. Please keep in mind: Do Tell the truth and avoid rumours. Add context and background. Report typos and logical fallacies. Be respectful. Respect copyright - link to articles. Stay focused. Bring in-depth commentary to our discussion forum, babble. Don't Use oppressive/offensive language. Libel or defame. Bully or troll. Post spam. Engage trolls. Flag suspect activity instead. View the discussion thread.   rabble.ca in your inbox! Open Media's blog Open Media's blog Posts 2017 January (4) 2016 November (8) October (5) September (16) August (3) July (2) June (2) April (1) February (1) January (2) 2015 November (3) September (1) August (2) June (2) May (2) April (2) March (3) January (5) 2014 December (2) November (1) October (3) September (4) August (2) July (13) June (4) May (10) April (5) March (9) February (5) January (6) 2013 December (5) November (4) October (9) September (3) August (10) July (21) June (7) May (5) April (7) March (5) February (2) January (4) 2012 December (2) November (5) October (6) September (2) August (5) July (4) June (7) May (4) April (4) March (5) February (4) January (6) 2011 December (4) November (3) October (1) September (1) June (1) May (1) April (1) March (2) February (1) 2010 December (1) November (1) Top Picks On rabble Black people in Canada will continue to kick ass in 2017 | Phillip Dwight Morgan The rewards of relinquishing control in urban green spaces | rabble staff Justin Trudeau promised changes to draconian Bill C-51. We're still waiting | Dennis Gruending Top 10 ways you helped save the Internet in 2016 | David Christopher Tweets by @rabbleca     Syndicate Support rabble | Advertise with us | Contact our staff | About rabble | Log-in or Register for a new account | Corrections | Privacy policy | Comment policy | Newsfeeds | Mailing lists rabble: Features | Columnists | In Cahoots | Blogs | Books | Photos | What's Up | Polls babble: Forum Topics | Active Topics The rpn: About the RPN | Become a podcaster rabbleTV: Program Guide | Features | Indie Inside | Best of the net Copyright © 2001-2017 the authors
Mashable We're using cookies to improve your experience. Click Here to find out more. Mashable Mashable Asia Mashable Australia Mashable France Mashable India Mashable UK Sign in Like Follow Follow Mashable see more  > Search Videos Social Media Tech Business Entertainment World Lifestyle Watercooler Shop More Channels Videos Social Media Tech Business Entertainment World Lifestyle Watercooler Shop Company About Us Licensing & Reprints Archive Mashable Careers Contact Contact Us Submit News Advertise Advertise Legal Privacy Policy Terms of Use Cookie Policy Apps iPhone / iPad Android Resources Subscriptions Sites Mashable Shop Job Board Social Good Summit Tech Like Follow Follow I spent 2 weeks socializing in VR, and I saw the future 1.3k Shares Share Tweet Share What's This? My Oculus avatar getting ready to head out into the metaverse. Image: Oculus VR  By Adario Strange2017-01-12 21:23:40 UTC When Mark Zuckerberg donned an Oculus Rift on stage at the Oculus Connect conference last fall to show off a group of avatars playing cards in virtual reality, it was meant to be a peek at the future of social networking. But it turns out that future is already here: Even without Facebook's direct participation, social VR is quickly becoming a thing. Facebook's own Oculus Rooms social VR app (previewed last year) has yet to come to the Rift headset, but a wide array of social VR apps have already taken off, fostering vibrant communities of people coming together from around the world to interact as simple yet surprisingly effective avatars, facilitated by high-end VR headsets like the Rift and HTC Vive. SEE ALSO: 5 VR safety tips to stop you from destroying your home Currently, most of the public's limited interest in VR is centered on where we know the money already is: gaming. But social VR is already beginning to deliver on VR's promise of an "empathy engine," using the medium to connect real people from around the world. But what does this new universe of social VR look like? I decided to find out. It's an avatar world If you tried to explain the internet to someone from the 18th century, and all you had as a visual aid was a painting of a Google results page full of links, you'd have a tough time convincing that person that the painting represented a global network of living information on every topic known to humankind. That's about how tough it is to describe the groundbreaking events currently unfolding in social VR — YouTube videos of avatars hanging out with each other simply don't translate the full impact of the experience. Name-checking Second Life — the massive multiplayer online experience that launched in 2003 and is actually still around — scratches the surface of it, but the virtual bar has been raised with fully immersive headsets, and the VR universe is something entirely new. Social VR is already beginning to deliver on VR's promise of an "empathy engine" In the past two weeks, I've had one-on-one experiences with people from Sweden, China, the UK, Chile, Florida, Atlanta and California — all from the comfort of my New York City apartment using the Rift. Unlike the social networks that most of us are accustomed to, we didn't meet as icons or user names on flat, 2D screens. Instead, our interactions occurred in fully realized three-dimensional spaces, each person represented by 3D avatars allowing individual interactivity with almost the same degree of freedom and expressiveness we're accustomed to in the real world. Looking down at your virtual hands and then walking over to view your personal avatar in a mirror for the first time is a transformative experience. Gone are the joysticks and keyboard commands; your face and hands are your interface in VR, and even something as simple as looking over your own virtual shoulder (yes, that's possible) pulls you deeper into the immersive experience.  In one VR environment, a handshake with another person's avatar results in a pleasant explosion of pixels, which means you're now friends with that person. Another environment does the same thing with fist bumps, except the action serves as a VIP ticket to a private party in another room. Currently, the social VR community is a fairly small, tight-knit group of pioneers, much like the early days of the IRC (internet relay chat) that offered a vibrant but mostly under-the-radar social meeting place just before the explosion of the web. My customized VR avatars in Bigscreen, vTime and AltspaceVR. Image: BIGSCREEN, VTIME, ALTSPACEVR After a good deal of VR bar-hopping, I found the most active social communities in four social VR apps: Bigscreen, vTime, AltspaceVR and Rec Room. Bigscreen and Rec Room are both limited to the Vive and the Rift (for now) while AltspaceVR and vTime both work with the aforementioned headsets as well as cheaper options like the Gear VR (vTime also works on Google Daydream View). None of the experiences except vTime touted Cardboard as an option.  Like the concrete-and-steel social clubs of the world, each space had its own distinct look and personality, attracting different types of users and offering varying levels of social intimacy. What it's like to 'go out' in VR I met my first group of people in Bigscreen, an environment suited to small gatherings of up to four people in rooms in where users can interact while seated in swank virtual apartments, and watch videos in private movie theaters. The environment also doubles as a great personal workspace, as it easily allows you to work on your computer's desktop from VR (the Vive version lets you type using the SteamVR virtual keyboard, but the best input method for web surfing I found was via voice on Google Chrome). Beyond social and entertainment, Bigscreen also seems perfectly suited to the next phase of telecommuting and virtual presence meetings currently facilitated by tools like Skype.  When you enter Bigscreen you have the option creating rooms and inviting others, or joining rooms in progress (the limit is four people per room, so things get intimate pretty fast). My first Bigscreen meeting paired me with a man and woman from Asia and a man from western Europe. We were all newbies trying to figure out how to use the app so I kicked things off and opened a trailer for us to watch — you guessed it, The Matrix. Predictably, it was a hit, and that broke the ice. Soon, everyone began trading social VR tips and tricks.  It's scary meeting someone in VR for the first time. There's no user name to hide behind. And even though your avatar isn't really your own body, there's a distinct sense that you're exposed.  Nevertheless, it's scary meeting someone in VR for the first time. There's no user name to hide behind. And even though your avatar isn't really your own body, there's a distinct sense that you're exposed to others and must put your best virtual foot forward (much like real life). Conversations are verbal, not typed, so you don't have the luxury of a backspace key or taking your time when you respond. It's a virtual world, but it's real-time. My next encounter occurred in vTime, where I was transported onto a moving train in which three people from different locations were already holding a conversation. After introducing myself, we all moved to another environment that had us sitting on a satellite orbiting Earth. You can see a screencap of that meetup below, but the static, 2D picture doesn't do justice to the experience — it really felt as though Earth's massive form was moving below us.  Everyone, even the one veteran user (six months deep) among us, seemed a bit giddy sitting atop the world like gods as space detritus floated by, only momentarily interrupting our discussion about the implications of this new, virtual universe. We soon teleporting to a campfire and then to a mountain cliff. Each environment looked and even, to a certain extent, felt like the real thing — only missing details like the wind from the realistic sky or the heat from the crackling fire. It was at this point that it occurred to me that we may never really need the fabled Star Trek transporter H.G. Wells' time machine, because in virtual reality, you can already transport to any place or time with a mere gesture.  In AltspaceVR, things were a lot more active. The rooms were filled with dozens people of all ages and nationalities and temperaments. While the vast majority of my experiences in social VR were friendly and polite, AltspaceVR felt a little more like the real world in that there were a least a few trolls less excited by the new platform and more interested in getting attention. This was most apparent during an open-mic night at a club users could teleport into. As raucous as a late-night New York City comedy club, it took almost 30 minutes to get roughly 40 people (avatars) to settle down and start the show.  The early crowd begins to gather at an open mic night in AltspaceVR. Image: altspacevr After a couple of performers, one guy got on stage and tried out a couple of racist jokes, after which he was promptly booed off stage and the show went on without a hitch. Like the offline world, AltspaceVR has its bad actors, but that authenticity reinforces the feeling of immersion. You feel as though you're in a real club.  "The same thing that makes social presence such a powerful force for positive interactions can also make it a powerful force for harassment." On the opposite end of the spectrum is Rec Room, a social VR space centered around bringing people together to play games that require physical interactions instead of mere joystick skills. It's in Rec Room that I played several games of paintball, bonding with my own team of strangers as we worked together to defeat opposing teams. Later, I dipped into a room for a game of VR charades with several others, which provided just as many laughs as the game does in your living room. However, the experience was somewhat marred by enthusiastic children using their newfound avatar powers to harass those with less experience in the space.  A very young girl, obviously having sensor-tracking issues with her real-world hardware, was stuck with her avatar's body half-lodged in the floor of the room. After she called out for help (her voice actually sounded like she was in pain after a while), a couple of players, also children, tried to help by pulling at her avatar, but that only made things worse by obscuring her view. Virtual bodies can't be hurt, but the episode was disturbing nonetheless. I wondered about the logical extension of that situation, where a bad actor in VR tries to impede or ruin another user's experience. Last year a woman wrote about her experience of being "groped" in VR, and it's a harrowing tale. I asked the Rec Room people about the very real possibility of harassment in VR: "Online harassment is a topic we take very seriously here. We really want to make sure Rec Room is a great community for people from all walks of life," says Nick Fajt, the CEO and co-founder of Seattle-based Against Gravity, the developer of Rec Room, during a subsequent meeting we had in VR. "We've found that social VR is something of a double-edged sword. The same thing that makes social presence such a powerful force for positive interactions can also make it a powerful force for harassment …  we feel a particular obligation to drive the state of the art forward in preventing and addressing online harassment." To that end, Rec Room, as well as the other social VR apps I visited, all have various tools devoted to reporting bad behavior, removing disruptive people and discouraging harassment. Although the tools all vary, a common function is the ability to point at a user or look a user up (user names were displayed at all times in each app) and enable a blocking or reporting action.  Meeting above planet Earth in one of vTime's VR rooms. Image: vTime "Personal space is sacrosanct, whether physical or virtual, and those boundaries take on new significance with a HMD strapped to your face," says Clemens Wangerin, managing director of UK-based vTime. "I'm pleased to say that the clear majority use the service exactly as intended. Those that don't are dealt with swiftly when reported, and can receive temporary or permanent bans." And while all the services have age limits (usually 13), there are currently no hard measures in place to prevent children from interacting with adult strangers. That situation is mirrored on the web, of course, but made more troubling when a sense of presence is involved via 3D avatars, audio interaction and hand interfaces.  "We pioneered the concept of a 'personal space bubble,' which prevents people from sticking virtual objects into your virtual body, or 'groping' you," says Darshan Shankar, the CEO and founder of Berkeley, CA-based Bigscreen. "Those [unwanted actions] can feel very uncomfortable in VR and a personal space bubble was a simple, clever solution to the problem. Many other social VR apps have now implemented similar controls to excellent results." A VR smartwatch and control mechanism that you wear on your wrist in Rec Room. Image: Against Gravity Part of the reason harassment in these early stages of social VR is being given so much attention is due to the lessons learned on the social media web. And although there are no guaranteed methods currently in place to guard against harassment in social VR spaces, after much use, I'm convinced that the aforementioned companies are working earnestly to keep VR from devolving from an empathy engine into an "enmity engine." Early days for VR meetups During my first-ever business meeting in VR, Fajt took me on an in-depth tour through some of Rec Room's lesser-known corners as we discussed the future of social VR. Fajt, who spent several years working on the Microsoft HoloLens team, believes augmented reality will eventually become incredibly useful to mainstream consumers, but he's placing his early bet on VR as the path to the next step beyond today's web.  When I asked him why, he echoed the sentiments I've heard frequently in recent months from those studying both platforms: In general, AR is harder than VR, at least in the short-term. Although hits like Pokémon Go and Snapchat Lenses offer amazing imagery to overlay real-world environments, nothing compares to the full immersion available in VR. But Fajt believes this is all transitional, and that within the next decade we'll see tetherless glasses that seamlessly handle the task of delivering both AR and VR content. But in the near term, VR simply packs more punch as a platform.  None of the companies would reveal membership numbers, although Bigscreen, which is still in beta, claims its most passionate users stay in the app for 20 to 30 hours a week. Most estimates place the collective number of mobile and high-end VR headsets sold in 2016 in the single-digit millions.  In terms of revenue, none of the social VR spaces I used, all of which are free to use, had obvious revenue models. Predictably, the focus for these services for now is around building community first and figuring out profit down the road.  Against Gravity CEO Nick Fajt tells me about the future of Rec Room over a game of VR poker. Image: Against Gravity But unlike the web's early social-networking growth around sites like Friendster, MySpace and later Facebook, the grace period for social VR to develop without intense competition will be extremely short. Facebook's Oculus Rooms, which is currently available in a limited form for Samsung Gear VR users, will roll out in a major way for Oculus Rift later this year. When that happens, anyone withe Rift will be encouraged to link their Facebook accounts — a shift that will prompt VR's nascent user base to choose between these small, pioneering social VR apps and the world's biggest social network.  No, none of these spaces are hyperrealistic simulacras in the tradition of The Matrix. But as Epic Games founder and Unreal Engine pioneer Tim Sweeney demonstrated on stage months ago at Steam Dev Days (the game service's developer conference), we're less than a decade away from realistic human avatars in VR. That change seems destined to deliver on one of the biggest promises of the medium: teleporting, with others, to fully immersive worlds. When that happens, much of the groundwork will have been laid by the VR social networks of today. BONUS: We built a VR-ready computer for less than $800 (and you can too) Topics: apps-and-software, Facebook, HTC Vive, Oculus, social networking, Tech, virtual reality, VR About Us Jobs Advertise Subscribe Privacy Terms Mashable is a global, multi-platform media and entertainment company. Powered by its own proprietary technology, Mashable is the go-to source for tech, digital culture and entertainment content for its dedicated and influential audience around the globe. ©2005-2017 Mashable, Inc. Reproduction without explicit permission is prohibited. All Rights Reserved. Designed in collaboration with Code & Theory
Skip to navigation Skip to content Skip to footer View text version of this page Help using this website - Accessibility statement Menu The Age World Subscribe Login Sign-up Become a The Age member today Join today and you can easily save your favourite articles, join in the conversation and comment, plus select which news your want direct to your inbox. Create your account now! Become a The Age member today Join today and you can easily save your favourite articles, join in the conversation and comment, plus select which news your want direct to your inbox. Create your account now! Home News Sport Business Politics World Comment Property Entertainment Lifestyle Travel Cars Tech Video All News Victoria News National Environment Health Education Investigations Galleries Clique Photos Good Weekend NSW News ACT News Queensland WA News Sport AFL Ultimate Footy Cricket Soccer Racing Netball NRL Union Motorsport Basketball Tennis Scores Cycling Golf US Sports Athletics Boxing Swimming Business News & Views Markets Quotes Workplace Consumer Property Innovation Retail Economy CBD Money Small Business World Race to the White House Migrant Crisis Politics Political News Political Opinion Video Cartoons The Pulse Federal Election 2016 Your Vote Electorate Map Comment Letters Editorial Obituaries View from the Street John Birmingham Satire The Zone Entertainment Movies TV & Radio Music Books Art Stage Melbourne Film Festival What's On in Melbourne Video Box Office Lifestyle News & Views Life & Relationships Health & Wellbeing Beauty Fashion Horoscopes Celebrity Home The Optimist Tech News Security Web Culture Innovation Sci-Tech Gadgets Games Smartphone Apps Mobiles IT Pro Video News Sport Business Entertainment Lifestyle Travel Property Cars Food Exec Style Parenting Search Site Home World January 14 2017 Save Print US House votes to begin repealing Obamacare Richard Cowan and Susan Cornwell facebook SHARE twitter TWEET email google-plus linkedin reddit More Washington: US House Republicans on Friday won passage of a measure starting the process of dismantling Obamacare, despite concerns about not having a ready replacement and the potential financial cost of repealing President Barack Obama's landmark health insurance law. The House voted 227-198 to instruct committees to draft legislation by a target date of January 27 that would repeal the 2010 Affordable Health Care Act, often called Obamacare. The Senate approved the same measure early Thursday. Play Video Replay Video Play Video Don't Play Up Next What happens on Inauguration Day Play Video Don't Play Video duration 02:13 More World News Videos Previous slide Next slide Video duration 01:18 Trump and Pence attack Obamacare Trump and Pence attack Obamacare Donald Trump tells supporters in Pennsylvania: "When we win on November 8 and elect a Republican congress, we will be able to immediately repeal and replace Obamacare." Up Next What happens on Inauguration Day Play Video Don't Play Video duration 02:13 Video duration 02:13 What happens on Inauguration Day What happens on Inauguration Day Set your alarm early Saturday to watch the Donald Trump pledge the oath sworn by all 44 US presidents as part of three days of traditional ceremony. Up Next Nutella maker fights back on palm oil claims Play Video Don't Play Video duration 01:15 Video duration 01:15 Nutella maker fights back on palm oil ... Nutella maker fights back on palm oil claims The multibillion-dollar palm oil industry is under pressure in Europe after authorities listed the edible oil as a cancer risk, has found a vocal ally in the food sector, the maker of Nutella. Up Next Pence considers moving White House press room Play Video Don't Play Video duration 00:54 Video duration 00:54 Pence considers moving White House press ... Pence considers moving White House press room Vice President-elect Mike Pence responds to reports that the incoming Trump administration is thinking about moving the press out of the White House. Up Next Katy Perry's powerful PSA Play Video Don't Play Video duration 01:40 Video duration 01:40 Katy Perry's powerful PSA Katy Perry's powerful PSA Singer Katy Perry's public service announcement compares President-elect Donald Trump's Muslim registry plan to the incarceration of Japanese-Americans during World War II. Up Next Japan introduces 'premium Friday' Play Video Don't Play Video duration 02:40 Video duration 02:40 Japan introduces 'premium Friday' Japan introduces 'premium Friday' The country that coined the word "karoshi," or death by overwork, is looking for ways to give stressed out employees a break. Up Next Threat of arrest looms over Samsung boss Play Video Don't Play Video duration 01:16 Video duration 01:16 Threat of arrest looms over Samsung boss Threat of arrest looms over Samsung boss South Korea's special prosecutor delays until Monday (January 16) a decision on whether to seek a warrant to arrest Samsung Group leader Jay Y. Lee, a suspect in an influence-peddling investigation. Up Next Ringling Bros. circus to close after 146 years Play Video Don't Play Video duration 02:35 Video duration 02:35 Ringling Bros. circus to close after 146 ... Ringling Bros. circus to close after 146 years The Ringling Bros. and Barnum & Bailey Circus will end 'The Greatest Show on Earth' in May, following a 146-year run. More videos Trump and Pence attack Obamacare Donald Trump tells supporters in Pennsylvania: "When we win on November 8 and elect a Republican congress, we will be able to immediately repeal and replace Obamacare." No Democrats supported the initiative. With this vote, Republicans began delivering on their promise to end Obamacare, which also was a campaign promise of President-elect Donald Trump. Related Content Obama's legacy could be sunk by Donald Trump The moment Trump's press conference degenerated into chaos The program, which expanded health coverage to some 20 million people, has been plagued by increases in insurance premiums and deductibles and by some large insurers leaving the system. The resolution passed by the House and Senate does not need presidential approval, since it is part of an internal congressional budget process. But once the Obamacare repeal legislation is drafted, both chambers will need to approve it, and a presidential signature will be required. Advertisement By that time, Trump will have been sworn in as president and he has urged Congress to act quickly to repeal and replace the Democratic program. Obamacare was enacted nearly seven years ago - over Republican objections - in an effort to expand coverage and give new protections for people with pre-existing health conditions and other barriers that left them without insurance. SHARE Share on Facebook SHARE Share on Twitter TWEET Pin to Pinterest PIN Link US President-elect Donald Trump their vote. Photo: AP In the past few years, the House has voted more than 60 times to repeal or alter Obamacare but Republicans had no hope a repeal would become law as long as Obama was president. House Speaker Paul Ryan, a Republican, said Obamacare was collapsing and action was urgent. For people who have health insurance through the Obamacare system, he said, "The deductibles are so high it doesn't feel like you've got insurance in the first place. SHARE Share on Facebook SHARE Share on Twitter TWEET Pin to Pinterest PIN Link House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi of California helped pass Obamacare. Photo: AP "We have to step in before things get worse. This is nothing short of a rescue mission," Ryan said. Democratic leader Nancy Pelosi rebutted Republicans' claims that the law was a failure. SHARE Share on Facebook SHARE Share on Twitter TWEET Pin to Pinterest PIN Link Congress has a stop start to the year. Photo: Bloomberg "The rate of growth in healthcare costs in our country has been greatly diminished by the Affordable Care Act," she said. "In the more than 50 years that they have been measuring the rate of growth, it has never been slower than now." The choice before lawmakers, she said, is "affordable care versus chaos." Trump applauded Congress' efforts with a Friday morning tweet saying, "The 'Unaffordable' Care Act will soon be history!" The president-elect, who takes office on January 20, pressed lawmakers this week to repeal and replace it "essentially simultaneously." Republican leaders would like to finish the repeal process within weeks but some lawmakers think it could take far longer. Some Republicans have expressed concern about starting a repeal before agreeing on how to replace provisions of the complicated and far-reaching law. The nonpartisan Committee for a Responsible Federal Budget estimated repealing Obama's signature health insurance law entirely would cost roughly $350 billion over 10 years. Republicans say a good replacement would give states more control of a healthcare program and provide more stability on health insurance premiums.  Reuters Related Content Congress will start demolishing Obama-era regulations this month Advertisement Most Popular Donald Trump warned over Jerusalem embassy move Trump dumps top officials in purge without precedent CIA director tells Donald Trump to watch his words Duterte gives green light for bombing of kidnappers and their captives Little humanity in Europe for refugees stuck out in cold Follow Fairfax Foreign Share on FacebookFacebook Share on TwitterTwitter Follow The Age Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on EmailNewsletters Advertisement Most Viewed Today Previous slide Next slide World Trump dumps top officials in purge without precedent Donald Trump warned over Jerusalem embassy move Duterte gives green light for bombing of kidnappers and their captives Little humanity in Europe for refugees stuck out in cold 'Momma is no felon': torment of woman snatched as a child The Age Trump dumps top officials in purge without precedent Abbott slapped down as Turnbull opts for 'minimalist' reshuffle Shannon Noll arrested outside Crazy Horse strip club in Adelaide Police ecstasy warning after 20 overdose near Chapel Street Melbourne set to serve up a scorcher for Day Two of the tennis The Sydney Morning Herald Just stop with the misogyny onslaught that is Jacketgate Trump dumps top officials in purge without precedent Figure Eight Pools still popular despite warnings Lululemon props up struggling Aussie arm Canine crisis: Thousands of Sydney residents at war over barking mad dog disputes Brisbane Times Brisbane's new airport runway emerges from the sand Severe storms bring heavy rain to south-east QLD Trump dumps top officials in purge without precedent Abbott slapped down as Turnbull opts for 'minimalist' reshuffle Man and dog floated all night on jet-ski Canberra Times Trump dumps top officials in purge without precedent Mauled tenant's lawsuit against 'preventable' attack Just stop with the misogyny onslaught that is Jacketgate Canberra Airport pushes for fifth Singapore Airlines service Abbott slapped down as Turnbull opts for 'minimalist' reshuffle WA Today Top 8 WA areas to buy property in 2017 Perth pair wanted for holding a car and pet dog ransom Hillarys dog attack prompts calls for new horse beach Just stop with the misogyny onslaught that is Jacketgate Actor Vince Colosimo to face court on alleged drug possession Get Started Subscribe today for unlimited access from only 50c a day The Age Share via Email Share on Facebook Share on Google Plus Share on Twitter RSS Feed Products and Services AM Edition PM Edition The AGE for iPad Today's Paper Subscribe Manage My Subscription Subscriber Hub Corporate Subscriptions Digital Subscription FAQs Good Food Guide The Store by Fairfax Newsletters The Age Sitemap About Us Contact Us Subscribers Advertise With Us Text Version Site Accessibility Guide Classifieds Place an Ad Cars Dating Jobs Real Estate Commercial Real Estate Oneflare Nabo Tributes Celebrations Our Sites SMH The Age AFR.com Adzuna Domain Drive RSVP Essential Baby Home Price Guide Weatherzone Fairfax Media Member Centre News Store Archive Fairfax Syndication Careers Events Press Council Copyright © 2017Fairfax Media Website Feedback Info Save articles for later. Ok, Got it Info Subscribe for unlimited access to news. Login to save articles. Ok, Got it Info Return to the homepage by clicking on the site logo. Ok, Got it
U.S. Editions Australia Edition China Edition India Edition Italy Edition Japan Edition Singapore Edition United Kingdom United States Jan 15, 8:00 PM EST Subscribe Everything You Need To Know, Right Now. Everything You Need To Know, Right Now. The IBT Pulse Newsletter keeps you connected to the biggest stories unfolding in the global economy. Please enter a valid email Search Search Business Technology World National Media & Culture Millennial Money Entertainment Sports Subscribe Technology Android 7.1.1 Nexus 5X And Nexus 6P Problems: Nougat Brings Bluetooth Issues To Google Handsets By Fionna Agomuoh @FionnaatIBT On 01/13/17 AT 5:02 PM Close The Nexus 6 isn’t the only device suffering issues under the Android 7.1.1 Nougat update. New reports indicate Nexus 5X and Nexus 6P users are having issues connecting their devices to in-car Bluetooth systems since receiving the latest Google’s software. Several users have reported the issue to Google’s forums; however, Google has not yet indicated when a fix may be implemented. The issue dates back to October 2016 when Android Nougat was still in beta, according to GSMArena. Luckily, the Nexus 5X and Nexus 6P are more recent devices and the Android team may actually look into rectifying this Bluetooth bug on future software iterations. The Nexus 6 currently has issues with its speakerphone when users attempt to make a phone call. Related Stories Android Nougat OTA Update Hitting Unlocked Samsung Galaxy S7 Models First Android 7.1.1 Nougat Nexus 6 Problems: Persistent Speakerphone Echo Troubles Users There are questions as to whether the device will receive a fix for this issue because it is at the end of its software support cycle, having been released over two years ago. The Nexus 5X and Nexus 6P released in 2015 and remain some of the primary devices receiving updates and support from Google. There is no word on whether there are any Bluetooth or speakerphone issues on the Pixel smartphones. Join the Discussion Most Read Stay connected to the biggest stories unfolding in technology. The IBTech Newsletter keeps you connected to the biggest stories unfolding in technology. Please enter a valid email Business Takata Close To Faulty Airbag Settlement The settlement with DOJ reportedly includes a $25 million criminal fine, $125 million in victim compensation, and $850 million to compensate automakers. Technology Galaxy S7, S7 Edge Get Android Nougat Update However, it may be a while before HTC pushes out the official update for its HTC 10 device World Diplomats Warn US Against Moving Embassy To Jerusalem Israel did not attend Sunday's peace conference, saying it was "rigged" against the Jewish state. National Scottish Newspaper Lists Trump Inauguration As Episode Of 'Twilight Zone' Trump is to be sworn into office Friday. The Scottish Sunday Herald characterized it as the start of a "huge interactive virtual reality project." © Copyright 2017 IBT Media Inc. All Rights Reserved. IBT About Us Advertise with Us Media Kit Terms of Service Privacy Policy Editions Australia China India Italy Japan Singapore United Kingdom United States
Sections SEO SEM Mobile Local Retail Google Bing Social Home Submit Follow Us Follow SEO SEM Mobile Local Retail Google Bing Social More Submit Follow SUBSCRIBE Subscribe Search Engine Land Pop-up Problems? Google has rolled out the mobile intrusive interstitials penalty Mobile ads Google to launch automated call extensions on Feb. 6 Subscribe to SearchCap SUBSCRIBE SEO SEM Mobile Local Retail Google Bing Social Home Industry Get the best search news, tips and resources, delivered each day. SUBSCRIBE SearchCap: Search engine entities, pictures & more Barry Schwartz on January 13, 2017 at 4:00 pm More Below is what happened in search today, as reported on Search Engine Land and from other places across the web. From Search Engine Land: Newly-granted Google patent sheds light on how the search engine sees entities Jan 13, 2017 by Dave Davies Columnist Dave Davies explains a recent Google patent which hints at how the search engine processes entity information to answer questions. This can provide hints into how SEOs can structure their content to be deemed relevant. 10 things every performance marketer should know Jan 13, 2017 by Digital Marketing Depot In the age of digital marketing, terms like attribution, mobile marketing and ROI reign supreme. Businesses are constantly looking for new ways to get the most out of their advertising spend, and publishers are on the hunt for the best offers and highest payouts. There’s a lot to learn when it comes to success in […] Search in Pics: Google Bollywood car, orange tree & indoor bike parking Jan 13, 2017 by Barry Schwartz In this week’s Search In Pictures, here are the latest images culled from the web, showing what people eat at the search engine companies, how they play, who they meet, where they speak, what toys they have and more. Google Bollywood car: Source: Twitter Indoor orange picking at Google: Source: Instagram Circular ping pong table […] Recent Headlines From Marketing Land, Our Sister Site Dedicated To Internet Marketing: Holiday e-commerce sales crushed expectations, NRF says Four trends that will reshape marketing in 2017 Fetch and Horror: 3 examples of how fetch and render in GSC can reveal big SEO problems A simple checklist to prep for the Google mobile-first index Super Bowl LI teaser ads a no show so far this year with brands keeping campaigns under wraps Get ready: The 2017 Marketing Land #HashtagBowl is coming soon! My first CES: What I saw, learned and questioned Cloverleaf’s new grocery shelf displays watch shoppers, track their emotions Google taking another run at simple website creation for small businesses Content marketing ideation: Where do good ideas come from? Snapchat’s updated search bar makes it easier to find Discover channels, Live Stories Integrated Marketing Analytics: Creating a single source of data truth Search News From Around The Web: Industry Google has removed the term ‘fake news’ from its advertiser rules, mashable.com Local & Maps 5 ways Google Maps can make your next weekend trip better, PC World Google Maps is becoming Mexico’s newest form of protest, Fusion Link Building 4 ways Artificial Intelligence changes the game for SEO, thenextweb.com Searching Google Home Traffic Labeled By Google Analytics As Direct Traffic, Search Engine Roundtable SEO Google Intrusive Interstitials Mobile Penalty Hurting Some Site’s Mobile Rankings Now, Search Engine Roundtable Google Mobile-First Index Not Launching That Soon, Maybe Later This Year, Search Engine Roundtable Mobile First Index: Google to Notify Sites of Possible Issues via Search Console, thesempost.com My 5 Favorite Things About Being an SEO, semrush.com No Need to Change Canonicals from Desktop for Mobile First Indexing, thesempost.com SEO Weather Reporting Tools & Google Ranking Experiments, thesempost.com Structured data with Schema.org: the ultimate guide, Yoast SEM / Paid Search Mobile search ads will feature a click-to-call option automatically after Feb 6th, Google Ads Developer Blog About The Author Barry Schwartz Barry Schwartz is Search Engine Land's News Editor and owns RustyBrick, a NY based web consulting firm. He also runs Search Engine Roundtable, a popular search blog on very advanced SEM topics. Barry can be followed on social media at @rustybrick, +BarrySchwartz and Facebook. For more background information on Barry, see his full bio and disclosures, click over here. Sponsored We're listening. Have something to say about this article? Share it with us on Facebook, Twitter or our LinkedIn Group. Attend Our Conferences March 21-23, 2017: SMX West June 2017: SMX Advanced October 24-26, 2017: SMX East × Attend SMX - Click Here Learn More About Our SMX Events Gain new strategies and insights at the intersection of marketing, technology, and management. Our next conference will be held: May 9-11, 2017: MarTech San Francisco October 2-4, 2017: MarTech Boston × Attend MarTech - Click Here Learn More About Our MarTech Events Take the MarTech Quiz Think you know martech? Find out by taking this 3-minute quiz. See how you score and share it with friends! Let's Get Started White Papers Benchmark Report: 2017 State of Customer Marketing How SEO + UX Can Thrive Together Social Media ROI Template How an Insight Community Creates More Effective Brand Marketing How to Keep Your Customers From Cheating on You See More Whitepapers Webcasts 5 Disruptions Reshaping Marketing As We Know It Integrated Marketing Analytics: Creating a single source of data truth Video Marketing 2017: What You Need to Know See More Webcasts Research Reports Content Marketing Tools B2B Predictive Marketing Analytics Platforms Social Media Management Software Call Analytics Platforms Paid Media Campaign Management Platforms B2B Marketing Automation Platforms See More Research The Periodic Table of Seo Success Sign up for our daily newsletter. SUBSCRIBE Follow Us © 2017 Third Door Media, Inc. All rights reserved.
News Deals Cell Phone Plans Apps & Games Reviews The Best Forums more Giveaways Features How To Android Development About Contact Advertise Newsletter VRSource SoundGuys TabTimes Charged Trending Pixel XL OnePlus 3T Huawei Mate 9 Honor Magic Galaxy S7 edge Hey there, We have a new app! The best way to stay connected to the Android pulse everywhere. Our new app contains all the top Android news, reviews, app & games and the best deals just for you. Now with Disqus profile integration. Get it on Android Authority newsletter The best way to stay connected to the Android pulse. Our main newsletter is the Android Weekly which is sent every Sunday and contains all the top Android news, reviews and features from the past week. The best way to stay connected to the Android pulse. Android Weekly Breaking News Alerts Trending Articles Review Alerts Deals Alerts View previous campaigns 100% Privacy, No Spam Policy: We value privacy and your email address will be 100% secure. We hate spam just like you do and will never send you too much email, nor will we ever share your information with anyone. Buy now! Name: Subject: Message: Android founder Andy Rubin may be working on an iPhone-Pixel killer phone Newsby John Callaham2 days ago 49 3197 49 The Next Web Andy Rubin, one of the co-creators of the Android operating system, may be about to announce his next big project following his departure from Google two years ago. A new report claims he plans to reveal his new company, Essential, in the very near future. Essential is rumored to be launching a high-end bezel-less smartphone to compete with Apple’s iPhone 7 Plus and Google’s own Pixel XL. How Android evolved: 2014 to 2016 edition The story comes from Bloomberg, citing unnamed sources. It says that Rubin will serve as CEO of Essential, which will at first have a 40-person team that is made up of former Apple and Google team members. The story claims that the company is actually working on a number of different hardware devices, for both mobile and smart home markets, with the idea of linking them all together in a single platform. The story claims the flagship product of Essential will be a high-end smartphone with an edge-to-edge display, similar to the Xiaomi Mi MIX concept phone. The report also claims it will be able to gain new hardware features over time. The story says this support will come from the phone’s magnetic proprietary connector that will serve both as a battery charging port as well as a way for first and third-party hardware accessories to connect to this phone. This sounds similar to the Moto Mods made for the the Moto Z family of smartphones. The report claims this phone might launch some time in the middle of 2017 and it will be priced around the same as the iPhone 7. Ironically, the report did not state if Rubin’s phone will use Android. Rubin co-founded Android in 2003 and Google acquired the company in 2005 before officially launching the first version of the OS in 2008. Rubin remained with Google in its Android division until 2013, when he moved over to its robotics unit. In 2014, Rubin departed Google entirely and in 2015 he formed his own tech hardware incubator called Playground Global. Bloomberg said today that the incubator has raised a total of $300 million so far from a number of investors, including Google, HP and Foxconn, which might manufacture the new phone from Essential. News Google, Android, Andy Rubin, Essential Android, Andy Rubin, Essential, Google  Bloomberg John Callaham Deals 88% Unblock All: Lifetime Subscription $313 $39 88% PureVPN: Lifetime Subscription $597 $69 80% Brain.fm: Lifetime Subscription $199.99 $39 Pay What You Want: Learn to Code 2017 Bundle $1,573.00 $35 Show 49 comments The Best   Best Android phones androidauthority   Best Fitness Trackers androidauthority   Best Android Watches androidauthority   Best Bluetooth Speaker soundguys   Best Wireless Bluetooth Earbuds soundguys   Best Headphones of 2016 soundguys Sunday Giveaway   Google Pixel XL International Giveaway! 7 hours ago22 comments Subscribe to Our Weekly Newsletter SUBSCRIBE The field is required Please enter a valid email address Latest News   Moto Z and Moto Z Droid Android 7.0 kernel source code ready for tinkering 48 minutes ago   LG G6 promised to be safer from explosions and overheating 3 hours ago   Which Fitbit is right for you? (January 2017) 5 hours ago   Must read: top 10 Android stories 6 hours ago   Google Pixel XL International Giveaway! 7 hours ago Latest Reviews   HTC announces the mid-range HTC U Play 4 days ago   HTC U Ultra hands-on: a major change for HTC 4 days ago 7.8  HTC Bolt review: the better data speed might not be worth it 5 days ago Android Authority APP Get it on About Contact Advertise Newsletter Your source for all things Android! About Contact Advertise Newsletter © 2017 Android Authority | All Rights Reserved.
Sections SEO SEM Mobile Local Retail Google Bing Social Home Submit Follow Us Follow SEO SEM Mobile Local Retail Google Bing Social More Submit Follow SUBSCRIBE Subscribe Search Engine Land Pop-up Problems? Google has rolled out the mobile intrusive interstitials penalty Mobile ads Google to launch automated call extensions on Feb. 6 Subscribe to SearchCap SUBSCRIBE SEO SEM Mobile Local Retail Google Bing Social Home Industry Get the best search news, tips and resources, delivered each day. SUBSCRIBE SearchCap: Search engine entities, pictures & more Barry Schwartz on January 13, 2017 at 4:00 pm More Below is what happened in search today, as reported on Search Engine Land and from other places across the web. From Search Engine Land: Newly-granted Google patent sheds light on how the search engine sees entities Jan 13, 2017 by Dave Davies Columnist Dave Davies explains a recent Google patent which hints at how the search engine processes entity information to answer questions. This can provide hints into how SEOs can structure their content to be deemed relevant. 10 things every performance marketer should know Jan 13, 2017 by Digital Marketing Depot In the age of digital marketing, terms like attribution, mobile marketing and ROI reign supreme. Businesses are constantly looking for new ways to get the most out of their advertising spend, and publishers are on the hunt for the best offers and highest payouts. There’s a lot to learn when it comes to success in […] Search in Pics: Google Bollywood car, orange tree & indoor bike parking Jan 13, 2017 by Barry Schwartz In this week’s Search In Pictures, here are the latest images culled from the web, showing what people eat at the search engine companies, how they play, who they meet, where they speak, what toys they have and more. Google Bollywood car: Source: Twitter Indoor orange picking at Google: Source: Instagram Circular ping pong table […] Recent Headlines From Marketing Land, Our Sister Site Dedicated To Internet Marketing: Holiday e-commerce sales crushed expectations, NRF says Four trends that will reshape marketing in 2017 Fetch and Horror: 3 examples of how fetch and render in GSC can reveal big SEO problems A simple checklist to prep for the Google mobile-first index Super Bowl LI teaser ads a no show so far this year with brands keeping campaigns under wraps Get ready: The 2017 Marketing Land #HashtagBowl is coming soon! My first CES: What I saw, learned and questioned Cloverleaf’s new grocery shelf displays watch shoppers, track their emotions Google taking another run at simple website creation for small businesses Content marketing ideation: Where do good ideas come from? Snapchat’s updated search bar makes it easier to find Discover channels, Live Stories Integrated Marketing Analytics: Creating a single source of data truth Search News From Around The Web: Industry Google has removed the term ‘fake news’ from its advertiser rules, mashable.com Local & Maps 5 ways Google Maps can make your next weekend trip better, PC World Google Maps is becoming Mexico’s newest form of protest, Fusion Link Building 4 ways Artificial Intelligence changes the game for SEO, thenextweb.com Searching Google Home Traffic Labeled By Google Analytics As Direct Traffic, Search Engine Roundtable SEO Google Intrusive Interstitials Mobile Penalty Hurting Some Site’s Mobile Rankings Now, Search Engine Roundtable Google Mobile-First Index Not Launching That Soon, Maybe Later This Year, Search Engine Roundtable Mobile First Index: Google to Notify Sites of Possible Issues via Search Console, thesempost.com My 5 Favorite Things About Being an SEO, semrush.com No Need to Change Canonicals from Desktop for Mobile First Indexing, thesempost.com SEO Weather Reporting Tools & Google Ranking Experiments, thesempost.com Structured data with Schema.org: the ultimate guide, Yoast SEM / Paid Search Mobile search ads will feature a click-to-call option automatically after Feb 6th, Google Ads Developer Blog About The Author Barry Schwartz Barry Schwartz is Search Engine Land's News Editor and owns RustyBrick, a NY based web consulting firm. He also runs Search Engine Roundtable, a popular search blog on very advanced SEM topics. Barry can be followed on social media at @rustybrick, +BarrySchwartz and Facebook. For more background information on Barry, see his full bio and disclosures, click over here. Sponsored We're listening. Have something to say about this article? Share it with us on Facebook, Twitter or our LinkedIn Group. Attend Our Conferences March 21-23, 2017: SMX West June 2017: SMX Advanced October 24-26, 2017: SMX East × Attend SMX - Click Here Learn More About Our SMX Events Gain new strategies and insights at the intersection of marketing, technology, and management. Our next conference will be held: May 9-11, 2017: MarTech San Francisco October 2-4, 2017: MarTech Boston × Attend MarTech - Click Here Learn More About Our MarTech Events Take the MarTech Quiz Think you know martech? Find out by taking this 3-minute quiz. See how you score and share it with friends! Let's Get Started White Papers Benchmark Report: 2017 State of Customer Marketing How SEO + UX Can Thrive Together Social Media ROI Template How an Insight Community Creates More Effective Brand Marketing How to Keep Your Customers From Cheating on You See More Whitepapers Webcasts 5 Disruptions Reshaping Marketing As We Know It Integrated Marketing Analytics: Creating a single source of data truth Video Marketing 2017: What You Need to Know See More Webcasts Research Reports Content Marketing Tools B2B Predictive Marketing Analytics Platforms Social Media Management Software Call Analytics Platforms Paid Media Campaign Management Platforms B2B Marketing Automation Platforms See More Research The Periodic Table of Seo Success Sign up for our daily newsletter. SUBSCRIBE Follow Us © 2017 Third Door Media, Inc. All rights reserved.
Neowin Login Sign up News Latest Microsoft Google Apple Software Behold, the Xbox One S laptop! 13 minutes ago Xiaomi Redmi Pro review: Dual camera and 10 cores without breaking the bank 1 hour ago Here's some additional Switch content from Nintendo of Japan 2 hours ago First 24: Hands-on with the Honor 6X 2 hours ago View all recent news Acer's Liquid Jade Primo Windows phone disappears from the US Microsoft Store 3 hours ago Skype for Linux Alpha gets updated to 1.15, adds autostart and start minimized features 17 hours ago 7 Days: A week of Windows 10 updates, Nintendo's gaming goodness, and all sorts of Androids Jan 14, 2017 Bluetooth improvements are coming in the Windows 10 Creators Update Jan 14, 2017 View all Microsoft news Apple's App Store experienced 60% growth, Google Play app revenue grew 82% in Q4 2016 17 hours ago YouTube "Super Chat" is a new way to support livestream comments Jan 14, 2017 7 Days: A week of Windows 10 updates, Nintendo's gaming goodness, and all sorts of Androids Jan 14, 2017 Google's internet drone Project Titan has come to an end Jan 14, 2017 View all Google news Apple's App Store experienced 60% growth, Google Play app revenue grew 82% in Q4 2016 17 hours ago 7 Days: A week of Windows 10 updates, Nintendo's gaming goodness, and all sorts of Androids Jan 14, 2017 Apple App Store anti-trust lawsuit brought back from the dead Jan 13, 2017 It's now possible to request an Uber ride directly from Google Maps Jan 13, 2017 View all Apple news Bulk Crap Uninstaller 3.6 Jan 13, 2017 AVG Anti-Virus Free 17.1.3006 Jan 12, 2017 Adobe Flash Player 24.0.0.194 Jan 12, 2017 Foxit Reader 8.2.0.2051 Jan 12, 2017 View all software news Features Reviews Editorials Unboxings Trending Xiaomi Redmi Pro review: Dual camera and 10 cores without breaking the bank 1 hour ago Elephone S7 review: affordability has its drawbacks 14 hours ago A quick review of the MGCool Band 2 fitness tracker Jan 3, 2017 Thecus W2810PRO review, a NAS device running Windows Storage Server 2012 R2 Essentials Jan 1, 2017 View all reviews Looking back: In 2016, Microsoft became one of the most exciting companies in the tech world Dec 31, 2016 Redmond delights: 10 reasons to be excited about Microsoft's future Nov 14, 2016 Editorial - When replacing your Samsung Galaxy Note7, consider these replacement options Oct 16, 2016 Editorial - Horde 3.0 changed my mind about Gears of War 4 Sep 7, 2016 View all editorials First 24: Hands-on with Samsung's Gear S3 classic Nov 26, 2016 Spectre x360 (2016) unboxing and first impressions: HP may have a winner Nov 12, 2016 Alcatel IDOL 4S with Windows 10 unboxing and first impressions Nov 4, 2016 Unboxing the Lenovo Moto Z reveals some unexpected surprises Oct 21, 2016 View all unboxings Here's the complete list of all confirmed games for the Nintendo Switch Jan 14, 2017 Philippine government blocks Pornhub and other adult websites Jan 14, 2017 This Weekend's PC Game Deals - There's a fix for every gamer in the current winter sale 9 hours ago Xiaomi won't release sales figures anymore Jan 14, 2017 View all trending news Forums Deals Recent Highlights Interests On a Budget Save 48% off this Zendure A8 26,800mAh QC3.0 Portable Battery Bank via Neowin Deals Jan 13, 2017 Get the Oracle Database 12c Administration Training Bundle for just $49 via Neowin Deals Jan 12, 2017 Get this Professional Android Developer Bundle for just $39 via Neowin Deals Jan 11, 2017 Get this Fast Charging Qi Wireless Charging Stand for just $28.99 Jan 10, 2017 View all recent deals Best Sellers Pay What You Want Gear + Gadgets Software Bundles View all Neowin Deals For Developers Productivity Accessories E-Learning View all Neowin Deals Under $20 Freebies Giveaways View all Neowin Deals More Subscribe Store Chat on IRC Send Tip Write for Neowin About Us Advertising Facebook Twitter Follow @neowinfeed Google+ It's now possible to request an Uber ride directly from Google Maps By Gabriel Nunes Neowin LLC @_nunesgh · Jan 13, 2017 with 2 comments Past ride services experience (left), new ride services experience (right). Early last year, Google introduced a new dedicated tab for ride services on Google Maps for both Android and iOS. The new tab was an addition to the already available options: car, transit, walking, and biking. From that tab, the user could see fare estimates and pick up times if a car from a ride service partner was available nearby and if the partner's app was installed on the device. By that time, Google also listed the available partners for this feature in addition to Uber's global partnership. Those partners were: 99Taxis in Brazil, Ola Cabs in India, Hailo in the UK and Spain, mytaxi in Germany and Spain, and Gett in the UK. But today, Google went one step further on its partnership with Uber. The latest version of Google Maps for both Android and iOS brings complete native Uber integration, enabling the user to book an Uber ride, track the driver on the map and even connect with the driver without ever leaving Google Maps, as demonstrated in the following video: Also, the user can now browse some information about the destination within Google Maps while en route, as demonstrated on the video below: Finally, the new version of Google Maps also brings a new ride services interface, as shown on the first image above. The new interface shows the map, instead of a list of ride options, along with a carousel of ride service providers available in the region. Sources: Google Blog via Android Police Tags Google Google maps Uber Android Apple Ios Like Tweet Share Share Report a problem with article Previous Story Windows 10 for PCs build 15002 ISOs are now available Next Story Google is using new machine learning technology to save you some bandwidth Advertisement Community Activity Refresh I miss Windows 8/8.1 Start "Tattoos"... in Microsoft Insider Previews Behold, the Xbox One S laptop! in Front Page News Acer's Liquid Jade Primo Windows phone disappears from the US Microsoft Store in Front Page News StorPort.SYS GSOD Error Can't Update Windows Insider in Microsoft Insider Previews RX470 multimonitor support in Hardware Hangout The Clinton Foundation Is Shutting Down The Clinton Global Initiative in Real World Issues Have the recent details of the Nintendo Switch increased or decreased your interest/early adopter likelihood? in Nintendo Console Grab DiRT Showdown for free as part of the Humble Store Winter Sale in Front Page News Trending Stories Here's the complete list of all confirmed games for the Nintendo Switch Jan 14, 2017 with 17 comments Philippine government blocks Pornhub and other adult websites Jan 14, 2017 with 42 comments This Weekend's PC Game Deals - There's a fix for every gamer in the current winter sale 9 hours ago with 5 comments Xiaomi won't release sales figures anymore Jan 14, 2017 with 3 comments Related Stories Apple's App Store experienced 60% growth, Google Play app revenue grew 82% in Q4 2016 17 hours ago The six original Mega Man games are coming to iOS and Android next month Dec 19, 2016 7 Days: A week of Microsoft's new AI, Windows 10 on ARM, and Lonely Nights Dec 11, 2016 Cortana for iOS and Android is coming to the UK Dec 8, 2016 deals VPN Unlimited: Lifetime Subscription $499.99 $29.99 94% off Pay What You Want: White Hat Hacker 2017 Bundle $1,271.00 $1.00 100% off VPNSecure: Lifetime Subscription $450.00 $39.00 91% off Scrivener for Windows $40.00 $20.00 50% off Oracle Database 12c Administration Training Bundle $2,065.00 $49.00 98% off Show Comments 2 Comments - Add comment Sort by oldest first (thread view) Sort by newest first (thread view) Sort by oldest first (linear view) Sort by newest first (linear view) Advertisement Report Comment Close Please enter your reason for reporting this comment. BBCode Helper Close The following codes can be used in comments. [b]bold[/b] [i]italics[/i] [u]underline[/u] [s] strikethrough[/s] [url]link[/url] [img]imageurl[/img] [quote]text[/quote] Company Contact Us About Us Write for Neowin Advertising Community Forums Subscribe Chat on IRC Neowin Deals Social Facebook Twitter Google+ YouTube DMCA Policy Terms of Use Privacy Statement © Since 2000 Neowin LLC. All trademarks mentioned are the property of their respective owners. Top of Page Login Close Username or email: Password Remember me Sign In Sign in with Facebook Sign in with Twitter Sign in with Google Sign in with Live ID Loading
Theme Welcome · log in · join Show navigation Hide navigation Home Reviews How Charts Latest Speed Test Run Test Run Ping History Preferences Results Run Streams Servers Country Tools Intro FAQ Line Quality Smoke Ping Tweak Test Line Monitor Monitor Groups My IP is Whois Calculator Tool Points News News tip? Forums All Forums Hot Topics Gallery Info Hardware All FAQs Site FAQ DSL FAQ Cable Tech About contact about us community ISP FAQ Add ISP ISP Ind. Forums Join   Google Fiber in San Antonio Paused After Build Complaints by Karl Bode Friday Jan 13 2017 16:00 EST Google Fiber's ongoing deployment in San Antonio has been paused as city residents debate where exactly to place the "fiber huts" needed to drive the service. Seventeen huts were planned for San Antonio city-owned property, including six city parks, five fire stations, three vacant residential properties, two libraries and one police station. But many locals consider the 32 by 50 foot fenced in area and structure to be eyesores, and have been pressuring Google and the city to reconsider the location of several of the units. Most of the complaints revolve around the structures being placed in parks. Seventeen huts were planned, and two have already been constructed. They're both in parks (West End Park and Haskin Park), and both have seen complaints from locals for being ugly, and eroding the overall amount of accessible park space. Locals also say Google Fiber and the city did a poor job informing locals about the upcoming construction and park changes. "All remaining 15 Google hut site locations are under review and temporarily on hold from any Google hut construction activity," the city tells local ABC affiliate KSAT. Complaints about the aesthetic problems with telecom gear is nothing new. Verizon and other major ISPs saw similar complaints whenever they've attempted builds of any scale. As AT&T can attest, users also tend to complain about the VRAD curbside cabinets needed for fiber to the node deployments. "Google Fiber remains excited about delivering high-speed connectivity to San Antonio residents," the company says of the temporary pause in San Antonio. "We want to be good neighbors, and we will continue to work with the city to follow all permitting and other requirements throughout construction and when selecting network hut sites." tags: Fiber · competition · business · bandwidth · consumers · Google · Google Fiber News Jump »Google Fiber in San Antonio Paused After Build ComplaintsDirecTV Loses 18 Channels in Yet Another Carriage Fee FightForum Topic: Does Installing Ethernet Raise Your Home Value?Friday Morning Links Riding 5G Hype, Redzone Launches '5Gx' Fixed Wireless ServiceGoogle Shuts Down Broadband Drone EffortsForum Topic: When Amazon's Echo Pulls a Hal 9000Verizon Bumps Top FiOS Speed to 750 MbpsWeekend Open Thread!FCC Report: AT&T And Verizon Are Violating Net Neutrality----------------------this weeklast weekmost discussed Most recommended from 71 comments mediaguy Politically Incorrect Premium Member join:2014-01-22 Guitar Town30.4 12.1 Netgear CG3000 Asus RT-N66 mediaguy Premium Member 2017-Jan-13 4:09 pm Dinged if you do and dinged if you don't! No wonder Google is having second thoughts about it's Fiber deployment plans. These fiber huts are not beautiful architectural monuments, but they're not exactly giant grey cabinets set in the front corner of someone's yard either. If you're going to get Fiber run to your neighborhood, these things have to be built somewhere, and if you want it for an incredibly good price, they are not going to be designed for each particular setting in which they are placed. They could build one in my backyard right now if I could get 1 gig symmetrical fiber for $70 / month! (I'm not fond of the aesthetics of overhead power lines either, but I AM a fan of electricity......) · actions · 2017-Jan-13 4:09 pm · EliteData EliteData Premium Member join:2003-07-06 Hampton Bays, NY EliteData Premium Member 2017-Jan-13 4:11 pm - heck, put one in my back yard if thats what it takes to get google fiber for me. ill even let it be rent free. · actions · 2017-Jan-13 4:11 pm · tmc8080 join:2004-04-24 Brooklyn, NY tmc8080 Member 2017-Jan-13 4:07 pm WTH! Except for the park one (park space should be just THAT, park space!).. I think residents are making a mountain out of a mole hill with NIMBY attitudes. I bet other Texas cities would LOVE to get the google fiber build to get away from incumbents. · actions · 2017-Jan-13 4:07 pm · maartena Elmo Premium Member join:2002-05-10 Orange, CA848.7 943.9 maartena Premium Member 2017-Jan-13 5:55 pm AT&T... AT&T has HUGE CO's everywhere in San Antonio. Obviously some of these were built way way back in the day and contained thousands of copper cables to feed the area with phone lines.... but I would not be surprised there are more than 17 in that city. If they were allowed to build them, why is Google not? · actions · 2017-Jan-13 5:55 pm · RoadRunner79 join:2008-01-19 San Antonio, TX RoadRunner79 Member 2017-Jan-13 4:25 pm What Elephant??? If they need a location around Culebra and Callaghan Rd They can use my front yard. · actions · 2017-Jan-13 4:25 pm · Duramax08 To The Moon Premium Member join:2008-08-03 San Antonio, TX Duramax08 Premium Member 2017-Jan-13 5:34 pm San Antonian Here, My Proposal To The Google Fiber Construction Team... Dear Google Fiber, If you need a place to build a fiber hut I'd happily put it on our 4 acre property. Since im barely outside the city limits on the east side, you won't have to worry about city rules. All you gotta do is offer me a free 1-10gpbs connection for life and pay for construction/power of the said fiber hut. You can have all the access you need at any time. During the holidays, I'll even decorate the hut with Christmas lights I bought half priced after Christmas. PM me for more details. Thanks, -Duramax08 · actions · 2017-Jan-13 5:34 pm · Stewart join:2005-07-13·AT&T U-verse Voice Stewart Member Yesterday 12:30 pm Let everyone run fiber on the power poles Not pretty, but paying less than $28/mo. (including equipment lease, all fees and taxes) for 50/20 Internet, TV, fixed phone and one mobile line (in Bangkok). If there's a problem with the service, four decent competitors are ready to take my business. »trueonline.truecorp.co.t ··· try/5349 · actions · Yesterday 12:30 pm · Well Bonded join:2015-10-17 Labelle, FL Well Bonded Member 2017-Jan-13 4:56 pm Going Cheap Google should buy Oldcastle CEV's and nobody will even notice their huts, but I guess their too cheap to do that. · actions · 2017-Jan-13 4:56 pm · Slyster join:2015-01-08 Sugar Grove, VA Slyster Member Yesterday 9:39 am Google should.. Start asking property owners just outside town limits and making deals with them. Heck I would let them build for free on my land for free service forever. · actions · Yesterday 9:39 am · How about .. Google Fiber Reminds People It's a 'Real Business' Google Fiber Applies to Test Ultra-Fast Wireless in 24 Cities Google Fiber Could Walk Away From Nashville Over Pole Dispute Google Fiber Sign Ups Go Live in Salt Lake City AT&T, Comcast Propose Rules to Slow Google Fiber in Nashville Google Fiber Moving Forward Despite Cuts FCC Supports Google Fiber, Louisville in Utility Pole Fight Report: Google Fiber Could be Spun Off or Sold in 2017 News ISP News Got news? Tools Speed Test Smokeping Ping Test 24x7 Broadband Monitor ISP Reviews Review an ISP Latest GBU Information Hardware FAQs Community Join Welcome Members For Sale Forums All Forums DSLReports Feedback About Contact FAQ Terms of Use Privacy Follow Site Mobile mode DSLReports.com © DSLReports.com Est. 1999 Sunday, 15-Jan 20:21:16 Hosted by Liquid Networks
Neowin Login Sign up News Latest Microsoft Google Apple Software Behold, the Xbox One S laptop! 13 minutes ago Xiaomi Redmi Pro review: Dual camera and 10 cores without breaking the bank 1 hour ago Here's some additional Switch content from Nintendo of Japan 2 hours ago First 24: Hands-on with the Honor 6X 2 hours ago View all recent news Acer's Liquid Jade Primo Windows phone disappears from the US Microsoft Store 3 hours ago Skype for Linux Alpha gets updated to 1.15, adds autostart and start minimized features 17 hours ago 7 Days: A week of Windows 10 updates, Nintendo's gaming goodness, and all sorts of Androids Jan 14, 2017 Bluetooth improvements are coming in the Windows 10 Creators Update Jan 14, 2017 View all Microsoft news Apple's App Store experienced 60% growth, Google Play app revenue grew 82% in Q4 2016 17 hours ago YouTube "Super Chat" is a new way to support livestream comments Jan 14, 2017 7 Days: A week of Windows 10 updates, Nintendo's gaming goodness, and all sorts of Androids Jan 14, 2017 Google's internet drone Project Titan has come to an end Jan 14, 2017 View all Google news Apple's App Store experienced 60% growth, Google Play app revenue grew 82% in Q4 2016 17 hours ago 7 Days: A week of Windows 10 updates, Nintendo's gaming goodness, and all sorts of Androids Jan 14, 2017 Apple App Store anti-trust lawsuit brought back from the dead Jan 13, 2017 It's now possible to request an Uber ride directly from Google Maps Jan 13, 2017 View all Apple news Bulk Crap Uninstaller 3.6 Jan 13, 2017 AVG Anti-Virus Free 17.1.3006 Jan 12, 2017 Adobe Flash Player 24.0.0.194 Jan 12, 2017 Foxit Reader 8.2.0.2051 Jan 12, 2017 View all software news Features Reviews Editorials Unboxings Trending Xiaomi Redmi Pro review: Dual camera and 10 cores without breaking the bank 1 hour ago Elephone S7 review: affordability has its drawbacks 14 hours ago A quick review of the MGCool Band 2 fitness tracker Jan 3, 2017 Thecus W2810PRO review, a NAS device running Windows Storage Server 2012 R2 Essentials Jan 1, 2017 View all reviews Looking back: In 2016, Microsoft became one of the most exciting companies in the tech world Dec 31, 2016 Redmond delights: 10 reasons to be excited about Microsoft's future Nov 14, 2016 Editorial - When replacing your Samsung Galaxy Note7, consider these replacement options Oct 16, 2016 Editorial - Horde 3.0 changed my mind about Gears of War 4 Sep 7, 2016 View all editorials First 24: Hands-on with Samsung's Gear S3 classic Nov 26, 2016 Spectre x360 (2016) unboxing and first impressions: HP may have a winner Nov 12, 2016 Alcatel IDOL 4S with Windows 10 unboxing and first impressions Nov 4, 2016 Unboxing the Lenovo Moto Z reveals some unexpected surprises Oct 21, 2016 View all unboxings Here's the complete list of all confirmed games for the Nintendo Switch Jan 14, 2017 Philippine government blocks Pornhub and other adult websites Jan 14, 2017 This Weekend's PC Game Deals - There's a fix for every gamer in the current winter sale 9 hours ago Xiaomi won't release sales figures anymore Jan 14, 2017 View all trending news Forums Deals Recent Highlights Interests On a Budget Save 48% off this Zendure A8 26,800mAh QC3.0 Portable Battery Bank via Neowin Deals Jan 13, 2017 Get the Oracle Database 12c Administration Training Bundle for just $49 via Neowin Deals Jan 12, 2017 Get this Professional Android Developer Bundle for just $39 via Neowin Deals Jan 11, 2017 Get this Fast Charging Qi Wireless Charging Stand for just $28.99 Jan 10, 2017 View all recent deals Best Sellers Pay What You Want Gear + Gadgets Software Bundles View all Neowin Deals For Developers Productivity Accessories E-Learning View all Neowin Deals Under $20 Freebies Giveaways View all Neowin Deals More Subscribe Store Chat on IRC Send Tip Write for Neowin About Us Advertising Facebook Twitter Follow @neowinfeed Google+ It's now possible to request an Uber ride directly from Google Maps By Gabriel Nunes Neowin LLC @_nunesgh · Jan 13, 2017 with 2 comments Past ride services experience (left), new ride services experience (right). Early last year, Google introduced a new dedicated tab for ride services on Google Maps for both Android and iOS. The new tab was an addition to the already available options: car, transit, walking, and biking. From that tab, the user could see fare estimates and pick up times if a car from a ride service partner was available nearby and if the partner's app was installed on the device. By that time, Google also listed the available partners for this feature in addition to Uber's global partnership. Those partners were: 99Taxis in Brazil, Ola Cabs in India, Hailo in the UK and Spain, mytaxi in Germany and Spain, and Gett in the UK. But today, Google went one step further on its partnership with Uber. The latest version of Google Maps for both Android and iOS brings complete native Uber integration, enabling the user to book an Uber ride, track the driver on the map and even connect with the driver without ever leaving Google Maps, as demonstrated in the following video: Also, the user can now browse some information about the destination within Google Maps while en route, as demonstrated on the video below: Finally, the new version of Google Maps also brings a new ride services interface, as shown on the first image above. The new interface shows the map, instead of a list of ride options, along with a carousel of ride service providers available in the region. Sources: Google Blog via Android Police Tags Google Google maps Uber Android Apple Ios Like Tweet Share Share Report a problem with article Previous Story Windows 10 for PCs build 15002 ISOs are now available Next Story Google is using new machine learning technology to save you some bandwidth Advertisement Community Activity Refresh I miss Windows 8/8.1 Start "Tattoos"... in Microsoft Insider Previews Behold, the Xbox One S laptop! in Front Page News Acer's Liquid Jade Primo Windows phone disappears from the US Microsoft Store in Front Page News StorPort.SYS GSOD Error Can't Update Windows Insider in Microsoft Insider Previews RX470 multimonitor support in Hardware Hangout The Clinton Foundation Is Shutting Down The Clinton Global Initiative in Real World Issues Have the recent details of the Nintendo Switch increased or decreased your interest/early adopter likelihood? in Nintendo Console Grab DiRT Showdown for free as part of the Humble Store Winter Sale in Front Page News Trending Stories Here's the complete list of all confirmed games for the Nintendo Switch Jan 14, 2017 with 17 comments Philippine government blocks Pornhub and other adult websites Jan 14, 2017 with 42 comments This Weekend's PC Game Deals - There's a fix for every gamer in the current winter sale 9 hours ago with 5 comments Xiaomi won't release sales figures anymore Jan 14, 2017 with 3 comments Related Stories Apple's App Store experienced 60% growth, Google Play app revenue grew 82% in Q4 2016 17 hours ago The six original Mega Man games are coming to iOS and Android next month Dec 19, 2016 7 Days: A week of Microsoft's new AI, Windows 10 on ARM, and Lonely Nights Dec 11, 2016 Cortana for iOS and Android is coming to the UK Dec 8, 2016 deals VPN Unlimited: Lifetime Subscription $499.99 $29.99 94% off Pay What You Want: White Hat Hacker 2017 Bundle $1,271.00 $1.00 100% off VPNSecure: Lifetime Subscription $450.00 $39.00 91% off Scrivener for Windows $40.00 $20.00 50% off Oracle Database 12c Administration Training Bundle $2,065.00 $49.00 98% off Show Comments 2 Comments - Add comment Sort by oldest first (thread view) Sort by newest first (thread view) Sort by oldest first (linear view) Sort by newest first (linear view) Advertisement Report Comment Close Please enter your reason for reporting this comment. BBCode Helper Close The following codes can be used in comments. [b]bold[/b] [i]italics[/i] [u]underline[/u] [s] strikethrough[/s] [url]link[/url] [img]imageurl[/img] [quote]text[/quote] Company Contact Us About Us Write for Neowin Advertising Community Forums Subscribe Chat on IRC Neowin Deals Social Facebook Twitter Google+ YouTube DMCA Policy Terms of Use Privacy Statement © Since 2000 Neowin LLC. All trademarks mentioned are the property of their respective owners. Top of Page Login Close Username or email: Password Remember me Sign In Sign in with Facebook Sign in with Twitter Sign in with Google Sign in with Live ID Loading
CNET Reviews Best Products CNET 100 Appliances Audio Cameras Cars Desktops Drones Headphones Laptops Networking Phones Printers Smart Home Tablets TVs Virtual Reality Wearable Tech Web Hosting Forums News Apple Computers Crave Deals Google Internet Microsoft Mobile Photography Security Sci-Tech Tech Culture Tech Industry Photo Galleries Video Forums Video Apple Byte Carfection CNET Top 5 CNET Update Googlicious How To Netpicks Next Big Thing News On Cars Phones Prizefight Tablets Tomorrow Daily CNET Podcasts How To Appliances Computers Gaming Home Entertainment Internet Mobile Apps Phones Photography Security Smart Home Tablets Wearable Tech Forums Speed Test Smart Home CNET Smart Home CNET Smart Apartment Smart Home News Smart Home How To Best Smart Home Devices Cars Car Reviews Best Cars New Cars Used Cars Deals Cheapskate Best Tech Under $50 All Deals Tech Deals Non-Tech Deals Audio Deals Cell Phone Deals Desktop Deals Laptop Deals Hard Drive & Storage Deals Printer Deals Tablet Deals Camera Deals Monitor Deals Software Deals TV Deals Web Hosting VPN Services WordPress Hosting Domain Names Download Join CNET Member Benefits Sign In to CNET My Profile Forums Sign Out Australia China France Germany Japan Korea United Kingdom US Editions English Español CNET Mobile Former Android chief ready to take on the iPhone -- again Former Android chief ready to take on the iPhone -- again The guy responsible for Android, Google's blockbuster mobile phone software, is reportedly coming back with a new consumer hardware company and a new high-end smartphone. Mobile by Richard Nieva January 13, 2017 12:58 PM PST @richardjnieva Up Next Nintendo's Fils-Aime: The Switch won't oust the 3DS Andy Rubin, the guy who created Android, is reportedly starting a new consumer hardware company.Photo by Kim Kulish, Corbis via Getty Images The man who created Android, the most popular mobile software on the planet, is preparing his follow up act and it involves going after his longtime nemesis: Apple's iPhone and its iOS rival software. Andy Rubin, who left Google more than two years ago after selling his startup to the search giant in 2005, is starting Essential, a consumer hardware company that aims to tie multiple devices together, according to a report Friday by Bloomberg. Rubin will serve as CEO. The highlight of Essential's suite of hardware products is a high-end smartphone with a large screen and no bezel, according to the report. It's meant to compete against the iPhone and premium Android phones. The idea is that the devices will be able get new hardware updates to keep them from getting stale. A representative for Rubin declined to comment. Essential represents a return to the mobile business for Rubin, an industry he helped pioneer. When he started Android more than a decade ago, Apple had yet to release its iPhone and most of the world was still using flip and feature phones, with little or no access to the internet. Today, Android powers almost nine out of every 10 of the world's smartphones. It's also one of the most integral parts of Google's future. Rubin's new company, which is still just in prototype mode, also seeks to address one of consumers' biggest frustrations as the nascent smart home industry tries to drag itself into the mainstream: getting several disparate devices to work with each other. Silicon Valley has already taken big steps to try and get regular people to buy into the vision of a home that does things for you. Amazon's Echo, powered by its voice assistant Alexa, is a surprise hit. Rubin's former employer followed suit with its own smart home hub, called Google Home, late last year. In 2014, Rubin left Google, where he had been leading the company's robotics division. (Since his departure, that group was disbanded.) Six months later, he announced his new company, Playground Global, a firm that nurtures young hardware startups. Essential is Rubin's first return to a true entrepreneur role since Android. For the company, Rubin has brought on executives with pedigrees from Google, Apple and Samsung, according to Bloomberg. Life, disrupted: In Europe, millions of refugees are still searching for a safe place to settle. Tech should be part of the solution. But is it? CNET investigates. CNET Magazine: Check out a sampling of the stories you'll find in CNET's newsstand edition, right here. Share your voice 0 comments Tags Mobile Google Related Stories How to play the Nintendo Switch before it's released Snapchat's new search bar wants to make app easier to navigate App Store users can bring antitrust lawsuit against Apple HTC isn't killing off the One line of phones Close   Discuss: Former Android chief ready to take on the... Conversation powered by Livefyre Up Next: Nintendo's Fils-Aime: The Switch won't oust the 3DS CES and Detroit: Drink car tech from the firehose. (CNET on Cars, Ep. 103) Want to see the future of car technology? Cooley found it for you in Las Vegas and Detroit. by Brian Cooley 18:35 Nintendo Switch debuts with tons of info This week's biggest tech stories include a blowout of new information on Nintendo's next console, the tablet-hybrid Switch. by Jeff Bakalar Close Drag CNET © CBS Interactive Inc.  /  All Rights Reserved. About CNET Privacy Policy Ad Choice Terms of Use Mobile User Agreement Help Center
Sections MarTech CMO Social SEM SEO Mobile Analytics Display Email Retail Video Home Submit Follow Us Follow CMO Social SEM SEO Mobile Analytics Display Retail MarTech More Submit Follow SUBSCRIBE Subscribe Marketing Land Trending Story YouTube Labs pairs brands & agencies with creators Year in review Here are Marketing Land's top 10 columns of 2017 Subscribe to Marketing Day SUBSCRIBE MarTech CMO Social SEM SEO Mobile Analytics Display Email Retail Video Home CMO Zone The latest analyses, insights and strategies that inspire CMOs and marketers everywhere. SUBSCRIBE Marketing Day: Holiday e-commerce, missing Super Bowl teaser ads & Snapchat search Amy Gesenhues on January 13, 2017 at 4:10 pm More Here’s our recap of what happened in online marketing today, as reported on Marketing Land and other places across the web. From Marketing Land: Holiday e-commerce sales crushed expectations, NRF says Jan 13, 2017 by Matt McGee National Retail Federation says online sales grew almost 13 percent in 2016, much higher than 7-10 percent expected growth. Four trends that will reshape marketing in 2017 Jan 13, 2017 by Russell Glass What trends and technologies will keep marketers on their toes over the coming year? Contributor Russ Glass shares his predictions. Fetch and Horror: 3 examples of how fetch and render in GSC can reveal big SEO problems Jan 13, 2017 by Glenn Gabe Columnist Glenn Gabe demonstrates why discovering how Googlebot sees your desktop and mobile content is essential to any good SEO audit. A simple checklist to prep for the Google mobile-first index Jan 13, 2017 by Bryson Meunier Columnist Bryson Meunier believes that for savvy marketers, the rollout of Google’s mobile-first index will represent an opportunity — not a threat. Super Bowl LI teaser ads a no show so far this year with brands keeping campaigns under wraps Jan 13, 2017 by Amy Gesenhues By this time last year, three brands had released teaser ads and three more had shared creative from their Super Bowl 50 campaigns. Get ready: The 2017 Marketing Land #HashtagBowl is coming soon! Jan 13, 2017 by Matt McGee Now in our sixth year, Marketing Land will again track social media visibility in Super Bowl TV commercials and cover how well TV advertisers score with online audiences. Here’s what to expect from all of our pre-game and post-game marketing coverage. My first CES: What I saw, learned and questioned Jan 13, 2017 by Laurie Keith The Consumer Electronics Show in Las Vegas isn’t just for gadgetheads. Contributor Laurie Keith shares her first impressions of the tech show and what marketers can take away from it. Cloverleaf’s new grocery shelf displays watch shoppers, track their emotions Jan 13, 2017 by Barry Levine Retail tech firm launches first shelf-based dynamic display that tracks and analyzes faces for their emotional states and demographics. Google taking another run at simple website creation for small businesses Jan 13, 2017 by Greg Sterling The site builder is presented under the websites tab in GMB and pre-populated, with customization options. Content marketing ideation: Where do good ideas come from? Jan 13, 2017 by Rachel Lindteigen It’s not easy to keep coming up with new ideas for content. Columnist Rachel Lindteigen reveals steps you can take to help with the process. Snapchat’s updated search bar makes it easier to find Discover channels, Live Stories Jan 12, 2017 by Tim Peterson Snapchat’s new unified search bar now appears on its home screen and works the same there as on its Chat and Stories screens. Integrated Marketing Analytics: Creating a single source of data truth Jan 12, 2017 by Digital Marketing Depot Creating a single source of data truth to optimize marketing investments and performance may seem like a daunting task. But it can be simple with the right approach and technology. Join Cardinal Path’s David Booth and IBM’s Andrew Douglas to learn the right ingredients and best practices to get integrated marketing analytics right. Online Marketing News From Around The Web: Analytics Growth Through Analytics with Andy Abbar, www.e-nor.com When It Comes to Metrics, Size Matters, www.cmswire.com You Need More Than Analytics Data to Grow Your Business – You Need Systems, blog.crazyegg.com Business Issues Pandora is laying off 7% of its workforce, TechCrunch 7 Companies That Should Buy Medium, Because Why Not, contently.com Apple is nearing $1 trillion in iOS revenue, venturebeat.com Content Marketing Creative Spotlight: How to Think Like a Content Marketer When You’re Really a Freelance Writer, www.copypress.com How to Create a Best-in-Class Infographic Series in 6 Steps, contentmarketinginstitute.com Conversion Optimization 6 Components Of A Successful CRO Program, www.ppchero.com Copywriting, Design & Usability Google GMB Website Builder Beta First Look, blumenthals.com WordPress 4.7.1 Security Release Available, Immediate Update Recommended, www.searchenginejournal.com E-Commerce Amazon continues to grow lead over Google as starting point for online shoppers, Geekwire Amazon Dominates, Desktop Wins Sales During Holiday 2016, multichannelmerchant.com Five issues which keep ecommerce managers up at night, econsultancy.com For Merchants, How to Navigate Amazon’s Marketplace?, www.practicalecommerce.com The 10 Biggest E-Commerce Shopping Days of 2016, www.marketingprofs.com Email Marketing Email showdown: Fitbit vs. Misfit, myemma.com General Internet Marketing 3 Ways Marketers Can Meet Today’s New Standards for Engaging Consumers, www.adweek.com 5 Marketing Tasks Your Competitors are Successfully Automating, smallbiztrends.com Internet Marketing Industry Crimson Hexagon Expands Business Intelligence Footprint Through Domo Partnership, www.businesswire.com DoubleVerify Announces Integration with YouTube, www.prnewswire.com MarTech 3 Reasons to Adopt a Scalable Marketing Automation Platform, blog.marketo.com Mobile/Local Marketing 5 successful apps and their monetization strategies, www.mobilecommercedaily.com Increasing mobile commerce profitability in 2017, www.usertesting.com Meet mobile-first store associates, www.retaildive.com Mobile Wallet’s Branding Problem, adage.com The Advantages of Google AMP: Why Marketers Should Embrace It ASAP, www.cmswire.com Which Mobile Messaging Channels to Use in Which Real-World Situations, www.marketingprofs.com Why AMP Caches exist, amphtml.wordpress.com Social Media 5 Compelling Reasons to Use Twitter Ads, www.searchenginejournal.com A Modern Guide to Social Media Content Marketing, Part 1: Introduction, www.adweek.com Comment Marketing: How to Earn Benefits from Community Participation, moz.com Don’t Feed the Trolls Part II: Facebook, www.searchinfluence.com How To Change The Owner Of A Facebook Ad Account, www.searchenginepeople.com Instagram accounts for 92pc of brand social interactions, www.mobilecommercedaily.com Slow Medicine for Brands in the Social Era, adage.com Snapchat: Still Growing Strong, www.adweek.com Video ‘Consumers will rebel’: Publishers face creative challenges with Facebook’s mid-roll video ads, digiday.com A Marketplace Correction Is Coming To Video CPMs, adexchanger.com eMarketer Releases New Estimates for Video Audience Worldwide, www.emarketer.com Facebook May Have Just Ushered in a New Era for Mobile Video, contently.com How Red Bull Quietly Changed its Video Marketing Strategy, tubularinsights.com Making a 360 Video: The Associated Press Covers the Chelsea Bombing in New York City, media.fb.com Publishers see short-form video views on Facebook cut in half, digiday.com YouTube Desktop Notifications, Now For Everyone, googlesystem.blogspot.com About The Author Amy Gesenhues Amy Gesenhues is Third Door Media's General Assignment Reporter, covering the latest news and updates for Marketing Land and Search Engine Land. From 2009 to 2012, she was an award-winning syndicated columnist for a number of daily newspapers from New York to Texas. With more than ten years of marketing management experience, she has contributed to a variety of traditional and online publications, including MarketingProfs.com, SoftwareCEO.com, and Sales and Marketing Management Magazine. Read more of Amy's articles. Sponsored We're listening. Have something to say about this article? Share it with us on Facebook, Twitter or our LinkedIn Group. WATCH #SB51 TEASER ADS Attend Our Conferences March 21-23, 2017: SMX West June 2017: SMX Advanced October 24-26, 2017: SMX East × Attend SMX - Click Here Learn More About Our SMX Events Gain new strategies and insights at the intersection of marketing, technology, and management. Our next conference will be held: May 9-11, 2017: MarTech San Francisco October 2-4, 2017: MarTech Boston × Attend MarTech - Click Here Learn More About Our MarTech Events Take the MarTech Quiz Think you know martech? Find out by taking this 3-minute quiz. See how you score and share it with friends! Let's Get Started White Papers Benchmark Report: 2017 State of Customer Marketing How SEO + UX Can Thrive Together Social Media ROI Template How an Insight Community Creates More Effective Brand Marketing How to Keep Your Customers From Cheating on You See More Whitepapers Webcasts 5 Disruptions Reshaping Marketing As We Know It Integrated Marketing Analytics: Creating a single source of data truth Video Marketing 2017: What You Need to Know See More Webcasts Research Reports Content Marketing Tools B2B Predictive Marketing Analytics Platforms Social Media Management Software Call Analytics Platforms Paid Media Campaign Management Platforms B2B Marketing Automation Platforms See More Research Get our daily Marketing Day newsletter. SUBSCRIBE Follow Us © 2017 Third Door Media, Inc. All rights reserved.
PCMagLogo.2016 Reviews Reviews Android Apps Cameras Cars Desktops Drones Editors' Choice Gaming Headphones Health & Fitness iPad Apps iPhone Apps Keyboards Laptops Mice Monitors Phones Printers Projectors Routers Scanners Security Software Smart Home Software Speakers Storage Tablets TVs Virtual Reality Wearables All Reviews Best Picks Best Picks Best Android Apps Best Antivirus Software Best Cameras Best Desktops Under $500 Best Drones Best Fitness Trackers Best Hard Drives Best iPhone Apps Best iPhone Cases Best Laptops Best Monitors Best Password Managers Best PC Games Best Phones Best Printers Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Cases Best Tablets Best Wireless Routers Editors' Choice All Categories How-To How-To All Categories How to Block a Number on Any Phone How to Build a Computer How to Build Your Smart Home How to Clear Cache How to Connect Your iPhone to Your TV How to Create an Anonymous Email Account How to Create an App How to Edit a PDF How to Get iOS 10 How to Hack Wi-Fi Passwords How to Save Money on Your Cell Phone Plan How to Take a Screenshot How to Set Up and Configure Your Wireless Router How to Use Apple Pay News News All News Fastest ISPS Features Readers' Choice Business Choice Opinions Fastest Mobile Networks Tips Tips All Tips Tips to Speed Up Windows Tips Every Amazon Addict Should Know Android Marshmallow Tips Apple TV Tips Chrome Tips Chromecast Tips Facebook Tips Fitbit Tips Gmail Tips Google Drive Tips Google Search Tips Netflix Binge Watching Tips Roku Tips WiFi Booster Tips Yahoo Mail Tips Business Business All Categories Business Software Index Enterprise Small Business Startup Spotlight Explore Accounting & Taxes Back Best Expense Report Software 2016 Best Online Accounting Services 2016 Best Online Tax Preparation Software 2016 FreshBooks QuickBooks Online Plus TaxACT Online Plus Review TurboTax 2016 Review Antivirus, Safety & Security Back Avast Free Antivirus AVG Avira Best SaaS Endpoint Protection Software 2016 Best Security Suites 2016 Bitdefender Antivirus Plus Review 2016 Free Antivirus Kaspersky Antivirus Kaspersky Internet Security McAfee Symantec Norton Security Premium Review Webroot SecureAnywhere AntiVirus Review 2016 Windows Defender Browsers & Operating Systems Back Chrome Firefox Internet Explorer 11 macOS Sierra Beta Opera Microsoft Edge Tor Browser Windows 10 Business & Office Back Agiloft Review Best Application Performance Management Tools 2016 Best Asset Management Services 2016 Best Contract Management Software 2016 Best CRM Software of 2016 Best Email Marketing Software 2016 Best Help Desk Software 2016 Best HR Software & Management Systems of 2016 Best Idea Management Software 2016 Best Membership Management Software 2016 Best Network Monitoring Software 2016 Best Online Collaboration Software 2016 Best Online Survey Tools 2016 Best Project Management Software of 2016 Best Self-Service Business Intelligence (BI) Tools 2016 Best Social Media Management & Analytics Tools 2016 Best Video Conferencing Services 2016 Campaign Monitor Review What is Cloud Computing? Constant Contact Review Join.Me Review LiquidPlanner Review Microsoft Office 2016 Review Microsoft Office For Mac Review Microsoft Office 365 Review Vivantio Pro Review Wrike Review Zoho Projects Review Cameras & Photo/Video Editing Back Best Action Cameras of 2016 Best Digital Cameras of 2016 Best Photo Scanners 2016 Best Scanners of 2016 Best Video Editing Software for Enthusiasts GoPro Hero 4 Silver Mirrorless Camera Photoshop Elements Underwater Camera Video Editing Software Carriers & Providers Back Boost Mobile Dish Network Metro PCS Safelink Straight Talk Cases & Covers Back Best iPhone 6 Plus Cases Best iPhone SE Cases Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Cases Best All-in-One PCs Best Desktop Computers of 2016 Best Gaming Desktops 2016 Top 10 Desktops Under $500 Desktops Back Best All-in-One PCs Best Desktop Computers of 2016 Best Gaming Desktops 2016 Top 10 Desktops Under $500 Smart Home & Wearables Back Apple Watch Bands Best Smart Home Security Systems 2016 Best Smartwatches 2016 Best Home Security Cameras 2016 Doorbell Camera Fitbit Alta Fitbit Blaze Fitbit Surge Garmin Vivoactive Garmin Vivosmart HR IFTTT Nest Cam Roomba SimpliSafe Trackr DNA Testing Back 23andMe AncestryDNA Drones Back Best Drones Drone Regulations Ebooks Back The Best eReaders of 2016 How to Get Free eBooks Kindle Oasis Kindle Paperwhite Education Back Absorb LMS Review Best Language-Learning Software 2016 Best LMS of 2016 Grovo LMS Review Lynda Udemy Games Back Android Games iPhone Games Nintendo 3DS Games PC Games PS4 Games Xbox One Games Wii U Games Hard Drives, Storage, Networking & Backup Back Amazon Cloud Drive Review Best Cloud Storage & Syncing Best External Hard Drives 2016 Dropbox Review Eero Review IDrive Review Microsoft Onedrive Review Headphones Back Beats Headphones Beats Solo 2 Best Bluetooth Headphones Best Bluetooth Headsets Best Bluetooth Speakers Best Headphones 2016 Best In-Ear Headphones 2016 Best Noise-Canceling Headphones 2016 Bluetooth Headset Reviews Jaybird X2 Powerbeats2 Wireless Keyboards, Mice, Monitors & Speakers Back Best Business Monitors 2016 Best Computer Mice 2016 Best Computer Monitors 2016 Best Computer Speakers 2016 Best Gaming Keyboards of 2016 Best Gaming Monitors 2016 Best Keyboards 2016 Best Wireless Speakers 2016 Bose Soundlink JBL Flip 3 Laptops Back Best Budget Laptops 2016 Best Business Laptops 2016 Best Chromebooks 2016 Best Dell Laptops Best Gaming Laptops of 2016 Best Laptops Best Laptops for College Students Best Laptops Under $500 Best Lenovo Laptops 2016 Dell XPS 13 Dell XPS 15 Printers Back 3D Printer Best Inkjet Printers 2016 Best Laser Printers 2016 Best Wireless Printers 2016 Printers Search & Shopping Back Amazon Prime Cost Amazon Prime Now Amazon Prime Pantry Bing Square Cash App Google Search Tips Google Wallet Shows, Events & Holiday Back Back to School Tech E3 Fathers Day Holiday Gift Guide Tech News Phones Back Asus Zenfone 2 Laser Best Android Phone Best Unlocked Phones Droid Maxx 2 CDMA vs. GSM Huawei Honor 5X HTC Desire 626 Huawei P8 Lite iPhone 6 vs. 6s Nokia Lumia Samsung Galaxy J3 Samsung Galaxy S7 Samsung J7 Samsung S7 Sony Xperia Tablets Back Best Android Tablets 2016 Best Tablets of 2016 Best Windows Tablets iPad iPad Mini 4 Surface Pro TVs & Streaming Media Back Amazon Prime Video Amazon Fire Stick Best Media Streaming Devices of 2016 Best Podcasts Best Projectors 2016 Best TVs of 2016 Chromecast Google Play Music Hulu MP3 Netflix Pandora Radio Playstation Vue Roku 2 Roku Streaming Stick Slacker Radio Spotify Utilities Back Adobe Acrobat Pro Advanced SystemCare Best Password Managers for 2016 Best Tune-Up Utilities 2016 Download YouTube Evernote (Web) Google Image Search Iolo System Mechanic 15.5 Review LastPass Never10 SlimWare Utilities SlimCleaner Plus Review Virtual Reality Back Oculus Rift The Best VR Headset VoIP Back Best VoIP Services 2016 RingCentral Office (for Business) Review Vonage Review VPN Back Best VPN Services 2016 Best Free VPN Hotspot Shield NordVPN Review Private Internet Access Web Hosting Back 1&1 Web Hosting Review Best Cheap Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Managed WordPress Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Shared Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Small Business Web Hosting Services 2016 Best VPS Web Hosting Services for 2016 Bluehost Review Dreamhost Web Hosting Review Hostgator Review Hostwinds Web Hosting Review InMotion Web Hosting Review Coupons Subscribe Subscribe Nav_Assets Search for Arrow_Path CES2017 NintendoSwitch OperaNeon HTC CES2017PhotoBlog Subscribe Home/ Reviews/ Software/ Mobile Apps/ Google Toontastic Offers Kids a 3D Playground Google Toontastic Offers Kids a 3D Playground By Tom Brant January 13, 2017 01:33pm EST 10 Comments It takes about a minute to create a cartoon scene. Google gave its Toontastic cartoon storytelling app for kids a 3D update this week, the latest effort from a Silicon Valley tech giant to offer students creative and technical learning tools. At its core, Toontastic is a simple interactive storyboard platform. Kids can use multi-touch gestures to move characters around on the screen, assembling them into a scene. Google says it takes about a minute to create a one-minute scene, and you can add up to six scenes to each cartoon. There are lots of ways to go beyond that for older kids with larger attention spans, though, including the option to create your own characters with your real face taken from a selfie. "It's like a digital puppet theater," Google explained a blog post, "but with enormous interactive 3D worlds, dozens of customizable characters, 3D drawing tools, and an idea lab with sample stories to inspire new creations." The free Toontastic app is available for iOS and Android, and works with tablets, smartphones, and some Chromebooks. A 2D-version of Toontastic has actually been around since 2011, and has won praise from educators who use it in their classrooms. (Google suggests using it for book reports, science presentations, historical reenactments, or vocabulary practice). In that respect, it's similar to Minecraft, an open-world game acquired by Microsoft that has worked its way into lesson plans and now has its own education edition. Apple, too, has attempted to become a part of early childhood education with its Swift Playground app. Unveiled at WWDC last year, the app aims to teach kids how to code using Apple's Swift open-source programming language. Back to top Previous : Apple Must Face Suit Claiming App Store Is Monopoly By Tom Brant Tom is PCMag's San Francisco-based news reporter. He got his start in technology journalism by reviewing the latest hard drives, keyboards, and much more for PCMag's sister site, Computer Shopper. As a freelancer, he's written on topics as diverse as Borneo's rain forests, Middle Eastern airlines, and big data's role in presidential elections. A graduate of Middlebury College, Tom also has a master's journalism degree from New York University. Follow him on Twitter @branttom. More » More Stories by Tom Outgoing FCC Chairman Defends Net Neutrality Tom Wheeler implored the FCC's incoming leadership not to mess with the open Internet. More » Amazon Adds Premium Anime Channel Anime fans can pay $4.99 per month for access to more than 1,000 TV shows and movies. More » Apple Must Face Suit Claiming App Store Is Monopoly A federal court overturned an earlier dismissal of the case, which may be expanded to include all Ap... More » See More + Comments Login or Register Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus //Most Popular Articles A Visual History of the iPhone The Best of CES 2017 17 Hulu Tips for Streaming TV Fans The Best PC Games of 2017 The Booth Babes (and Bros) of CES 2017 13 Apps to Help You Keep Your New Year's Resolutions »See More //Discover... The Biggest Software Flops of All Time The Eerie World of Abandoned Arcade Games TV Shows to Watch if You Love 'Stranger Things' »See More About Connect Ziff Davis Sites Subscribe Social About Us Site Map Privacy Policy Terms of Use Advertise Accessibility Statement PCMag Digital Edition Newsletters RSS Feeds Encyclopedia Contact Us AskMen Computer Shopper ExtremeTech Geek IGN TechBargains Toolbox Offers.com PC/Mac Apple iOS Amazon Kindle Google Android Customer Service SOCIAL Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google+ Instagram © 1996-2017 Ziff Davis, LLC. PCMag Digital Group PC, PC Magazine and PC PCMag.com are among the federally registered trademarks of Ziff Davis, LLC and may not be used by third parties without explicit permission. unused
T3 The Gadget Website Search News Reviews Mobile Entertainment Wearables More Living Auto Magazine More Tech in depth Best deals iPhone 7 PlayStation 4 Pro MacBook Pro Amazon Echo Dot Daydream View Get fit News Android Wear 2.0: Everything you need to know about Google's updated wearable OS Android Wear 2.0: Everything you need to know about Google's updated wearable OS By Spencer Hart   Release date, features and compatible devices Shares Let’s face it, Google is lagging behind in the wearable OS race. Despite a host of manufacturers using the operating system, Google hasn’t been able to nail the small screen UI. It’s rivals have pounced on this, with both Apple and Samsung making big leaps in usability of their watchOS and Tizen respectively, leaving Google struggling in third place. Back at Google I/O in May 2016 we were promised Android Wear 2.0 in Autumn. The update never materialised, but a recent email to developers suggests the update could be just weeks away. Release Date Early February, 2017 Features Standalone apps Perhaps the most important addition to the operating system, apps will now be installed on the wearable, and won’t require a smartphone to open. Instead it can Wi-Fi or mobile signal to receive notifications or use data.  There’s even a Play Store which allows you to browse and download apps directly on your wrist. Of course, if your smartphone is present (which it usually is) it’ll still make use of the Bluetooth connection, but apps on your watch don’t necessarily need to be on your phone. New, hopefully improved, UI The way you interact with Wear has changed as well, hopefully for the better (initial feedback hasn’t been that positive).  There’s a redesigned app launcher which looks better on circular screens (we’re not sure how it’ll look on square devices), this is revealed with a press of a button. Now swiping from right to left will reveal different watch faces, which doesn’t seem terribly necessary. They’ve also updated the quick settings panel. It’s now accessed from the bottom of the screen, and will provide you with shortcuts to settings such as brightness and volume.  We’ll reserve judgement until we’ve used it, but Google has a lot of catching up to do in this area, and this redesign doesn’t look big enough. Complications One of the most useful functions on the Apple Watch has made its way over to Android Wear - watch face complications. You’ll be able to customise different watch faces which complications which you find useful. There will be system information such as battery life, and Google Fit data, as well as third party data from apps like Spotify and Strava. Messaging Notifications are now more discreet (no more taking up the lower third of your watch face), and you’ll have the ability to reply directly to the notification. Android Wear will now let you reply to messages using inputs other than your voice. There are ‘smart replies’ to choose from, handwriting recognition, and a mini QWERTY keyboard. Obviously these input methods aren’t ideal on a small screen, but it’s nice to have the option, especially if you’re on a crowded train. Compatible Devices The original LG G Watch, original Moto 360 will not be getting the update, it’s unclear whether the Sony Smartwatch 3 will get it. Every other Android Wear smartwatch should be getting the update. That includes the 2nd gen Moto 360, Huawei Watch, TAG Heuer Connected, Nixon Mission, and others. Liked this? Check out the best smartwatches 2017 Tags Google Sony ABOUT THE AUTHOR Spencer Hart Spencer is the youngest member of the T3 team, but what he lacks in experience, he makes up for with enthusiasm. As the Mobile Tech Editor, Spencer covers everything that moves, from smartphones and wearables, to cars and drones. Load Comments Tech deals, prizes and latest news Get the best tech deals, reviews, product advice, competitions, unmissable tech news and more! No spam, we promise. You can unsubscribe at any time and we'll never share your details without your permission. Most Popular Most Shared 1 These are the Nintendo Switch games announced at launch 2 Nintendo Switch review: hands on with the BigN's innovative new console/tablet hybrid 3 Best jacket: keep warm this winter with these technical jackets, coats, parkas, and shells 4 11 best smartphones 2017: our pick of the very best phones 5 10 best laptops for 2017 that you can buy right now 1 The Star Wars Machete Order explained 2 These are the Nintendo Switch games announced at launch 3 Nintendo Switch Zelda accessory leak suggests a March 2017 game release 4 Apple Watch Series 3: everything we think we know 5 This is how Apple will make the iPhone 8 transparent T3 is part of Future plc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. Visit our corporate site. Terms and conditions Privacy policy Cookies policy TechRadar © Future Publishing Limited Quay House, The Ambury, Bath BA1 1UA. All rights reserved. England and Wales company registration number 2008885.
Sections MarTech CMO Social SEM SEO Mobile Analytics Display Email Retail Video Home Submit Follow Us Follow CMO Social SEM SEO Mobile Analytics Display Retail MarTech More Submit Follow SUBSCRIBE Subscribe Marketing Land Trending Story YouTube Labs pairs brands & agencies with creators Year in review Here are Marketing Land's top 10 columns of 2017 Subscribe to Marketing Day SUBSCRIBE MarTech CMO Social SEM SEO Mobile Analytics Display Email Retail Video Home CMO Zone The latest analyses, insights and strategies that inspire CMOs and marketers everywhere. SUBSCRIBE Marketing Day: Holiday e-commerce, missing Super Bowl teaser ads & Snapchat search Amy Gesenhues on January 13, 2017 at 4:10 pm More Here’s our recap of what happened in online marketing today, as reported on Marketing Land and other places across the web. From Marketing Land: Holiday e-commerce sales crushed expectations, NRF says Jan 13, 2017 by Matt McGee National Retail Federation says online sales grew almost 13 percent in 2016, much higher than 7-10 percent expected growth. Four trends that will reshape marketing in 2017 Jan 13, 2017 by Russell Glass What trends and technologies will keep marketers on their toes over the coming year? Contributor Russ Glass shares his predictions. Fetch and Horror: 3 examples of how fetch and render in GSC can reveal big SEO problems Jan 13, 2017 by Glenn Gabe Columnist Glenn Gabe demonstrates why discovering how Googlebot sees your desktop and mobile content is essential to any good SEO audit. A simple checklist to prep for the Google mobile-first index Jan 13, 2017 by Bryson Meunier Columnist Bryson Meunier believes that for savvy marketers, the rollout of Google’s mobile-first index will represent an opportunity — not a threat. Super Bowl LI teaser ads a no show so far this year with brands keeping campaigns under wraps Jan 13, 2017 by Amy Gesenhues By this time last year, three brands had released teaser ads and three more had shared creative from their Super Bowl 50 campaigns. Get ready: The 2017 Marketing Land #HashtagBowl is coming soon! Jan 13, 2017 by Matt McGee Now in our sixth year, Marketing Land will again track social media visibility in Super Bowl TV commercials and cover how well TV advertisers score with online audiences. Here’s what to expect from all of our pre-game and post-game marketing coverage. My first CES: What I saw, learned and questioned Jan 13, 2017 by Laurie Keith The Consumer Electronics Show in Las Vegas isn’t just for gadgetheads. Contributor Laurie Keith shares her first impressions of the tech show and what marketers can take away from it. Cloverleaf’s new grocery shelf displays watch shoppers, track their emotions Jan 13, 2017 by Barry Levine Retail tech firm launches first shelf-based dynamic display that tracks and analyzes faces for their emotional states and demographics. Google taking another run at simple website creation for small businesses Jan 13, 2017 by Greg Sterling The site builder is presented under the websites tab in GMB and pre-populated, with customization options. Content marketing ideation: Where do good ideas come from? Jan 13, 2017 by Rachel Lindteigen It’s not easy to keep coming up with new ideas for content. Columnist Rachel Lindteigen reveals steps you can take to help with the process. Snapchat’s updated search bar makes it easier to find Discover channels, Live Stories Jan 12, 2017 by Tim Peterson Snapchat’s new unified search bar now appears on its home screen and works the same there as on its Chat and Stories screens. Integrated Marketing Analytics: Creating a single source of data truth Jan 12, 2017 by Digital Marketing Depot Creating a single source of data truth to optimize marketing investments and performance may seem like a daunting task. But it can be simple with the right approach and technology. Join Cardinal Path’s David Booth and IBM’s Andrew Douglas to learn the right ingredients and best practices to get integrated marketing analytics right. Online Marketing News From Around The Web: Analytics Growth Through Analytics with Andy Abbar, www.e-nor.com When It Comes to Metrics, Size Matters, www.cmswire.com You Need More Than Analytics Data to Grow Your Business – You Need Systems, blog.crazyegg.com Business Issues Pandora is laying off 7% of its workforce, TechCrunch 7 Companies That Should Buy Medium, Because Why Not, contently.com Apple is nearing $1 trillion in iOS revenue, venturebeat.com Content Marketing Creative Spotlight: How to Think Like a Content Marketer When You’re Really a Freelance Writer, www.copypress.com How to Create a Best-in-Class Infographic Series in 6 Steps, contentmarketinginstitute.com Conversion Optimization 6 Components Of A Successful CRO Program, www.ppchero.com Copywriting, Design & Usability Google GMB Website Builder Beta First Look, blumenthals.com WordPress 4.7.1 Security Release Available, Immediate Update Recommended, www.searchenginejournal.com E-Commerce Amazon continues to grow lead over Google as starting point for online shoppers, Geekwire Amazon Dominates, Desktop Wins Sales During Holiday 2016, multichannelmerchant.com Five issues which keep ecommerce managers up at night, econsultancy.com For Merchants, How to Navigate Amazon’s Marketplace?, www.practicalecommerce.com The 10 Biggest E-Commerce Shopping Days of 2016, www.marketingprofs.com Email Marketing Email showdown: Fitbit vs. Misfit, myemma.com General Internet Marketing 3 Ways Marketers Can Meet Today’s New Standards for Engaging Consumers, www.adweek.com 5 Marketing Tasks Your Competitors are Successfully Automating, smallbiztrends.com Internet Marketing Industry Crimson Hexagon Expands Business Intelligence Footprint Through Domo Partnership, www.businesswire.com DoubleVerify Announces Integration with YouTube, www.prnewswire.com MarTech 3 Reasons to Adopt a Scalable Marketing Automation Platform, blog.marketo.com Mobile/Local Marketing 5 successful apps and their monetization strategies, www.mobilecommercedaily.com Increasing mobile commerce profitability in 2017, www.usertesting.com Meet mobile-first store associates, www.retaildive.com Mobile Wallet’s Branding Problem, adage.com The Advantages of Google AMP: Why Marketers Should Embrace It ASAP, www.cmswire.com Which Mobile Messaging Channels to Use in Which Real-World Situations, www.marketingprofs.com Why AMP Caches exist, amphtml.wordpress.com Social Media 5 Compelling Reasons to Use Twitter Ads, www.searchenginejournal.com A Modern Guide to Social Media Content Marketing, Part 1: Introduction, www.adweek.com Comment Marketing: How to Earn Benefits from Community Participation, moz.com Don’t Feed the Trolls Part II: Facebook, www.searchinfluence.com How To Change The Owner Of A Facebook Ad Account, www.searchenginepeople.com Instagram accounts for 92pc of brand social interactions, www.mobilecommercedaily.com Slow Medicine for Brands in the Social Era, adage.com Snapchat: Still Growing Strong, www.adweek.com Video ‘Consumers will rebel’: Publishers face creative challenges with Facebook’s mid-roll video ads, digiday.com A Marketplace Correction Is Coming To Video CPMs, adexchanger.com eMarketer Releases New Estimates for Video Audience Worldwide, www.emarketer.com Facebook May Have Just Ushered in a New Era for Mobile Video, contently.com How Red Bull Quietly Changed its Video Marketing Strategy, tubularinsights.com Making a 360 Video: The Associated Press Covers the Chelsea Bombing in New York City, media.fb.com Publishers see short-form video views on Facebook cut in half, digiday.com YouTube Desktop Notifications, Now For Everyone, googlesystem.blogspot.com About The Author Amy Gesenhues Amy Gesenhues is Third Door Media's General Assignment Reporter, covering the latest news and updates for Marketing Land and Search Engine Land. From 2009 to 2012, she was an award-winning syndicated columnist for a number of daily newspapers from New York to Texas. With more than ten years of marketing management experience, she has contributed to a variety of traditional and online publications, including MarketingProfs.com, SoftwareCEO.com, and Sales and Marketing Management Magazine. Read more of Amy's articles. Sponsored We're listening. Have something to say about this article? Share it with us on Facebook, Twitter or our LinkedIn Group. WATCH #SB51 TEASER ADS Attend Our Conferences March 21-23, 2017: SMX West June 2017: SMX Advanced October 24-26, 2017: SMX East × Attend SMX - Click Here Learn More About Our SMX Events Gain new strategies and insights at the intersection of marketing, technology, and management. Our next conference will be held: May 9-11, 2017: MarTech San Francisco October 2-4, 2017: MarTech Boston × Attend MarTech - Click Here Learn More About Our MarTech Events Take the MarTech Quiz Think you know martech? Find out by taking this 3-minute quiz. See how you score and share it with friends! Let's Get Started White Papers Benchmark Report: 2017 State of Customer Marketing How SEO + UX Can Thrive Together Social Media ROI Template How an Insight Community Creates More Effective Brand Marketing How to Keep Your Customers From Cheating on You See More Whitepapers Webcasts 5 Disruptions Reshaping Marketing As We Know It Integrated Marketing Analytics: Creating a single source of data truth Video Marketing 2017: What You Need to Know See More Webcasts Research Reports Content Marketing Tools B2B Predictive Marketing Analytics Platforms Social Media Management Software Call Analytics Platforms Paid Media Campaign Management Platforms B2B Marketing Automation Platforms See More Research Get our daily Marketing Day newsletter. SUBSCRIBE Follow Us © 2017 Third Door Media, Inc. All rights reserved.
CNET Reviews Best Products CNET 100 Appliances Audio Cameras Cars Desktops Drones Headphones Laptops Networking Phones Printers Smart Home Tablets TVs Virtual Reality Wearable Tech Web Hosting Forums News Apple Computers Crave Deals Google Internet Microsoft Mobile Photography Security Sci-Tech Tech Culture Tech Industry Photo Galleries Video Forums Video Apple Byte Carfection CNET Top 5 CNET Update Googlicious How To Netpicks Next Big Thing News On Cars Phones Prizefight Tablets Tomorrow Daily CNET Podcasts How To Appliances Computers Gaming Home Entertainment Internet Mobile Apps Phones Photography Security Smart Home Tablets Wearable Tech Forums Speed Test Smart Home CNET Smart Home CNET Smart Apartment Smart Home News Smart Home How To Best Smart Home Devices Cars Car Reviews Best Cars New Cars Used Cars Deals Cheapskate Best Tech Under $50 All Deals Tech Deals Non-Tech Deals Audio Deals Cell Phone Deals Desktop Deals Laptop Deals Hard Drive & Storage Deals Printer Deals Tablet Deals Camera Deals Monitor Deals Software Deals TV Deals Web Hosting VPN Services WordPress Hosting Domain Names Download Join CNET Member Benefits Sign In to CNET My Profile Forums Sign Out Australia China France Germany Japan Korea United Kingdom US Editions English Español CNET Mobile Former Android chief ready to take on the iPhone -- again Former Android chief ready to take on the iPhone -- again The guy responsible for Android, Google's blockbuster mobile phone software, is reportedly coming back with a new consumer hardware company and a new high-end smartphone. Mobile by Richard Nieva January 13, 2017 12:58 PM PST @richardjnieva Up Next Nintendo's Fils-Aime: The Switch won't oust the 3DS Andy Rubin, the guy who created Android, is reportedly starting a new consumer hardware company.Photo by Kim Kulish, Corbis via Getty Images The man who created Android, the most popular mobile software on the planet, is preparing his follow up act and it involves going after his longtime nemesis: Apple's iPhone and its iOS rival software. Andy Rubin, who left Google more than two years ago after selling his startup to the search giant in 2005, is starting Essential, a consumer hardware company that aims to tie multiple devices together, according to a report Friday by Bloomberg. Rubin will serve as CEO. The highlight of Essential's suite of hardware products is a high-end smartphone with a large screen and no bezel, according to the report. It's meant to compete against the iPhone and premium Android phones. The idea is that the devices will be able get new hardware updates to keep them from getting stale. A representative for Rubin declined to comment. Essential represents a return to the mobile business for Rubin, an industry he helped pioneer. When he started Android more than a decade ago, Apple had yet to release its iPhone and most of the world was still using flip and feature phones, with little or no access to the internet. Today, Android powers almost nine out of every 10 of the world's smartphones. It's also one of the most integral parts of Google's future. Rubin's new company, which is still just in prototype mode, also seeks to address one of consumers' biggest frustrations as the nascent smart home industry tries to drag itself into the mainstream: getting several disparate devices to work with each other. Silicon Valley has already taken big steps to try and get regular people to buy into the vision of a home that does things for you. Amazon's Echo, powered by its voice assistant Alexa, is a surprise hit. Rubin's former employer followed suit with its own smart home hub, called Google Home, late last year. In 2014, Rubin left Google, where he had been leading the company's robotics division. (Since his departure, that group was disbanded.) Six months later, he announced his new company, Playground Global, a firm that nurtures young hardware startups. Essential is Rubin's first return to a true entrepreneur role since Android. For the company, Rubin has brought on executives with pedigrees from Google, Apple and Samsung, according to Bloomberg. Life, disrupted: In Europe, millions of refugees are still searching for a safe place to settle. Tech should be part of the solution. But is it? CNET investigates. CNET Magazine: Check out a sampling of the stories you'll find in CNET's newsstand edition, right here. Share your voice 0 comments Tags Mobile Google Related Stories How to play the Nintendo Switch before it's released Snapchat's new search bar wants to make app easier to navigate App Store users can bring antitrust lawsuit against Apple HTC isn't killing off the One line of phones Close   Discuss: Former Android chief ready to take on the... Conversation powered by Livefyre Up Next: Nintendo's Fils-Aime: The Switch won't oust the 3DS CES and Detroit: Drink car tech from the firehose. (CNET on Cars, Ep. 103) Want to see the future of car technology? Cooley found it for you in Las Vegas and Detroit. by Brian Cooley 18:35 Nintendo Switch debuts with tons of info This week's biggest tech stories include a blowout of new information on Nintendo's next console, the tablet-hybrid Switch. by Jeff Bakalar Close Drag CNET © CBS Interactive Inc.  /  All Rights Reserved. About CNET Privacy Policy Ad Choice Terms of Use Mobile User Agreement Help Center
clock menu more-arrow Log In or Sign Up Log In Sign Up Tech Science Culture Cars Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker Forums TL;DR more Tech Apple Google Microsoft Apps Photography Virtual Reality All Tech Science Space Energy Health Environment All Science Culture Web TV Film Games Comics Music All Culture Cars Ride-Sharing Cars Mass Transit Aviation Rideables All Transportation Reviews Phones Laptops Cameras Tablets Headphones Smartwatches VR Headsets This is my Next All Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker Forums TL;DR ✕ Apple Google Mobile Why carmakers want to keep Apple and Google at arm's length New, 90 comments by Jacob Kastrenakes Jan 13, 2017, 3:57pm EST share tweet Linkedin The splashiest auto news coming out of CES and the North American International Auto Show has been about new models, self-driving tech, and wild concepts. But in a quieter series of moves, automakers also continued to strengthen their control over what it is we're able to do inside our cars, particularly when it comes to the apps that run on infotainment systems. Though carmakers have generally embraced Apple's CarPlay and Google's Android Auto, many are hoping to establish an alternative app system that will be almost entirely under their purview. Automakers bill it as a move to create a seamless experience for their customers, but others in the industry see it as a way to cut Apple and Google out of the equation, so that vehicle manufacturers can continue to sell new services to customers. Carmakers are collaborating on, essentially, their own app store The boldest move in this direction came from Ford and Toyota, which together founded a group called the SmartDeviceLink Consortium. The consortium will focus on developing and promoting the use of a technology called SmartDeviceLink, which you can think of in loose terms as an app store run by automakers and capable of running on any car. More specifically, SmartDeviceLink allows existing iOS and Android apps to extend onto car infotainment systems when they're connected to a vehicle that supports the standard. While details like app settings and login information will transfer over from the phone, what displays on the infotainment system is in many ways a separate app, with separate software and separate oversight from automakers. That's critical. Automakers can choose which apps do and don't get to run on their cars. They can offer additional vehicle data to the apps, which Apple and Google won't get to see. And they can make deals with app developers to get a cut of any in-app sales they make, potentially opening up a major source of revenue. Ford has been shipping SmartDeviceLink, under the name AppLink, in cars for a few years now, with more than 5 million supported vehicles already on the road. Toyota plans to add SmartDeviceLink to select Toyota and Lexus vehicles next year. And Mazda, Suzuki, Subaru, and the French company behind Peugeot and Citroën have all agreed to join the coalition, too. Several companies that make vehicle head unit systems and software, including Harman, Panasonic, and BlackBerry's QNX, also plan to join. Don Butler, who oversees the connected vehicle and services unit at Ford, says the goal of SmartDeviceLink is "primarily" to create a seamless interface for customers. "It's to enable, from our perspective, a Ford unified experience inside our vehicles," he says. Likewise, other vehicle manufacturers would be able to apply SmartDeviceLink support on top of their own infotainment software. Data lost is money lost But the ability to keep apps and services inside a branded environment is hardly the only reason half a dozen automakers have joined the consortium. Depending on who you ask, the other reason may be even bigger: control over apps and data. "The lifetime value of a customer with [a carmaker] is typically around half a million dollars," says Roger Lanctot, an analyst with Strategy Analytics who focuses on infotainment systems. That value comes from the sale of services and new vehicles, he says. "Lose control [of the data], and they're losing out on some piece of that $500,000." There are a number of ways controlling the system keeps the carmaker in charge, Lanctot says. Maintaining access to driving data lets automakers connect drivers with insurers and net referral fees. Having control over vehicle systems data lets manufacturers choose when to recommend repairs, and controlling maps and apps lets them choose where to suggest you get those fixes done. And that’s just to start. Right now, CarPlay apps and Android Auto apps can't get most vehicle data. Ford says that's partially because of privacy concerns. But the ceding of all value that comes with vehicle data certainly plays a role. Apple and Google take away opportunity every trip they’re in control "At the highest level, yes it does give us more control over the experience and more control in terms of what the app is able to subscribe to, so to speak, in terms of the capabilities of the infotainment system," Butler says of SmartDeviceLink. Promoting their own experience can also help automakers build brand loyalty that comes into play when choosing which company to buy or lease a car from next. "If all I see on that car dashboard is Android and Apple ... that's what I identify with as a consumer," says Jeff MacDuff, VP of mobile products at Inrix, which is working on a competing in-car infotainment system called OpenCar. Inrix Though much quieter over the past week, Inrix drew attention during CES to its upcoming OpenCar platform by promising Alexa integration. Like SmartDeviceLink, OpenCar will let carmakers customize an infotainment system's software to their liking and tap into a common library of third-party apps. It too offers control over data and apps to automakers, so long as they're okay with outsourcing most of the system's development to Inrix. So far, MacDuff says, many auto companies are partnering with Inrix on OpenCar. He only named Mazda, but said more would be announced later this year. “You don't want to be the dumb pipe.” While not an infotainment service, another auto-owned alternative — the mapping company Here — received a major investment last week. Intel agreed to buy a significant stake in Here, putting it alongside Audi, BMW, and Mercedes as an owner, and offering the company more resources to work with. Their stake in Here keeps automakers and component suppliers, like Intel, in control over another aspect of what customers see inside their vehicles, rather than handing control to a service like Google Maps. Nathan Shipley, an auto industry analyst at The NPD Group, says maintaining control over vehicle data will be key to staying ahead as a manufacturer. Vehicles are becoming "computers on wheels," he says, where the car part is as important to a connect car as the phone part is to a smartphone. "So why do [automakers] want control over the data? It is and will become their competitive edge," he says. MacDuff at Inrix agrees that automakers won't want to give up this data. "The best analogy ... you don't want to be the dumb pipe," says MacDuff. "You don't want to be AT&T to the iPhone. The iPhone made telcos, for a consumer, largely irrelevant. If you're a brand, BMW or Audi, that's your customer and your data, and you want to use that data to delight that customer and have that customer attach." Ford There's no clear sign that automakers are going to find traction with these custom app systems. In fact, these aren’t even their first shot at it — an earlier connectivity standard, called MirrorLink, is supported by a number of car and phone manufacturers but has seen little traction with consumers or developers. Still, the fact that so much of the auto industry is willing to collaborate on alternatives and create shared ecosystems suggests maintaining control over what their customers see is a real priority. For their parts, Butler, of Ford, and MacDuff, of Inrix, do believe their systems will offer a better experience for customers, too. MacDuff says that apps coming from a phone will never be designed properly for a car. And Butler points out that, in some regions, like China, Apple doesn't have the same level of dominance and Android Auto isn't available, so an alternative is necessary. "We're not in a fight against Apple. We're not in a fight against Google.” Though carmakers may be competing with Apple and Google, Ford and many of its SmartDeviceLink partners — Toyota, notably, not included — are still staying open to CarPlay and Android Auto, to give customers the choice. "We're not in a fight against Apple. We're not in a fight against Google," Butler says. "We do want to promote a Ford experience." As long as that choice is open, winning customers over won’t be easy. People think of Apple and Google when it comes to apps, and both companies have shown dramatically better skills with software design and app ecosystem building than any car company has. And while automakers won’t ever have to hand more vehicle data over to CarPlay or Android Auto apps than they want to, they still have plenty of opportunity to lose. Every trip a driver has Apple or Google’s system pulled up is a trip they’re blocked from the customer’s view. And in the long run, that means losing a lot of value and brand loyalty from each driver. As MacDuff put it, if Apple and Google take over, “they're screwed.” In this Storystream Detroit Auto Show 2017: the biggest cars, concepts, and news The 2017 Detroit Auto Show in pictures Why carmakers want to keep Apple and Google at arm's length The Lexus UX Concept looks like it will chew you up and spit you out View all 13 stories Next Up In Transportation Google takes another step towards launching its own self-driving Uber-killer with new patent The 2017 Detroit Auto Show in pictures This disassembled Aston Martin DB11 engine is engineering pornography Tesla’s latest Autopilot update rolls back its speed cap on undivided roads Fiat Chrysler reportedly facing US criminal probe in emission scandal Takata will plead guilty to covering up recalled airbags, pay $1 billion Now Trending Apple removes app that let you find your AirPods Rogue One's reshoots show how Disney saved the first standalone Star Wars movie This disassembled Aston Martin DB11 engine is engineering pornography The bizarro big business of Mark Wahlberg and national tragedy DirecTV Now appears to be a complete mess This Article has a component height of 50. The sidebar size is long. Loading comments... The Latest Tech Amazon Amazon is seeking FCC permission to conduct wireless technology tests by Andrew Liptak@AndrewLiptak Last week, Amazon.com filed an application with the Federal Communications Commission, seeking permission to run experiments on a number of frequency bands that might have some connection to the company’s work with delivery drones. The... New, 0 comments Entertainment Film Star Wars Rogue One's reshoots show how Disney saved the first standalone Star Wars movie by Andrew Liptak@AndrewLiptak Now that Rogue One: A Star Wars Story has been out in theaters for a month, the veil of secrecy has been lifted and we’ve learned quite a lot about about how the film came together. This is pretty typical for most movies, save for the fact that R... New, 7 comments TL;DR Entertainment TV Jude Law had no idea what a meme was before The Young Pope by Kwame Opam@kwameopam Jude Law evidently isn’t a child of the internet. Despite playing the Church’s holiest supervillain in HBO’s The Young Pope, Law was unprepared for how easily the show could be turned into memes. In fact, he had no idea what memes were before the... New, 4 comments Google Tech Transportation Google takes another step towards launching its own self-driving Uber-killer with new patent by Andrew J . Hawkins@andyjayhawk Google has a lot of self-driving cars that have driven a lot of miles, but so far, no commercial use for them. But that could change if the Silicon Valley giant pursues its rumored plans of developing an autonomous ride-sharing network to compete... New, 2 comments Advice How to be human How to be human: it’s not you, it’s them — no, really by Leah Reich Leah Reich was one of the first internet advice columnists. Her column "Ask Leah" ran on IGN, where she gave advice to gamers for two and a half years. During the day, Leah is Slack’s user researcher, but her views here do not represent her... Business Entertainment Culture Ringling Brothers and Barnum & Bailey Circus will shut down in May 2017 by Andrew Liptak@AndrewLiptak A year after it announced that it would no longer use elephants in its performances, the Ringling Bros. and Barnum & Bailey Circus will hold its final performances in May of this year. The Cirus’s parent company, Feld Entertainment Inc, revealed... New, 1 comment Chorus Terms of Use Privacy Policy Communications Preferences Contact Tip Us Community Guidelines About Ethics Statement All Systems Operational Check out our status page for more details. Vox Media Advertise with us Jobs @ Vox Media © 2017 Vox Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved tweet share
TrustedReviews Facebook Twitter Googleplus TVs & Audio Cameras Computing Mobile Home appliances Gaming MWC 2017 GPS & Sat Nav Mobile Apps Mobile Phone Accessories Mobile Phones Tablets Wearables & Fitness Trending: CES 2017 Apple Watch 2 iPhone 7 Galaxy S7 vs iPhone 6S Google Pixel Galaxy S7 Home / News / Mobile Phone News / Android creator’s 'Essential' new phone to compete with iPhone and Pixel? Android creator’s 'Essential' new phone to compete with iPhone and Pixel? by Chris Smith 13 January 2017 0 shares Read Comments Andy Rubin, the mastermind behind Google’s Android operating system, wants to revolutionise the smartphone industry once again. According to a Bloomberg report, the former Google engineer is close to launching a new company called ‘Essential.’ The report says Rubin’s 40-person team will launch high-end mobile and smart home products that will aim to compete directly Google and Apple. Related: 12 Best smartphones 2017 Fronting the range will be a premium smartphone with a bezel-less display, which Rubin reportedly discussed with mobile networks at CES earlier this month. One of the prototypes has a display larger than 5.5-inches, one of the sources said. The report says the smartphone will feature premium materials and ’gain new hardware features over time’ suggesting Rubin’s latest creation could be modular. Judging by Rubin’s recent comments, Essential will also focus heavily on artificial intelligence. In June he said: “New computing platforms happen every 10 to 12 years. What’s the next platform?... It’s about data and people training AI systems to learn." The report says the phone will go on sale this summer for $649. Google Pixel vs iPhone 7 Is the smartphone market ready for another major player? Can Andy Rubin bring a much-needed shake-up? Share your thoughts review 0 shares Read Comments RogerTheEmancipator January 14, 2017, 5:08 pm So we're supposed to be excited by "premium materials" that we never see again after putting our phome in its case the first day? Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Free Newsletter Get TrustedReviews' award-winning reviews, opinions and advice delivered to your inbox for free! By submitting your details, you'll also receive emails from Time Inc. UK, publisher of Trusted Reviews and other iconic brands about its goods and services, and those of its carefully selected third parties. Please tick here if you'd prefer not to hear about: Time Inc.'s goods & services, including all the latest news, great deals and offers Third party goods & services ⩔ Show More Terms & Conditions | Privacy & Cookies Policy More on Trusted Reviews More information - Sitemap| About us| Contact us| Advertise with us Facebook Twitter Googleplus Trusted Reviews is part of the Time Inc. (UK) Ltd Technology Network © Time Inc. (UK) Ltd 2003-2017, All rights reserved| Terms of use| Privacy Policy| Cookie Information Free Newsletter Get TrustedReviews' award-winning reviews and advice delivered to your inbox for free! By submitting your details, you'll also receive emails from Time Inc. UK, publisher of Trusted Reviews and other iconic brands about its goods and services, and those of its carefully selected third parties. Please tick here if you'd prefer not to hear about: Time Inc.'s goods & services, including all the latest news, great deals and offers Third party goods & services ⩔ Show More Terms & Conditions | Privacy & Cookies Policy
Place an advert Buy a photo Plus Rewards Puzzles Like us Follow us Login Register  ° Site Search Phrase News Sport What's On Jobs Property Motors Directory Notices Buy&Sell Dating Subscribe ALL Crime Emergency Services Transport Health Politics Business Education Jobs PKF Cooper Parry has 30 jobs at 'Google-esque' offices next to East Midlands Airport By DanRobinson  |  Posted: January 13, 2017   0 COMMENTS   SHARES PKF Cooper Parry's office has a number of bright and quirky features for staff PKF Cooper Parry has 30 jobs at 'Google-esque' offices next to East Midlands... X Share Tweet Share Pin It Email Copy link to paste in your message / PKF Cooper Parry's office has a number of bright and quirky features for staff Notts entrepreneur waxes multi-millionaire on Dragons' Den... 1 Nottinghamshire police find a body in the search for missing... 1 Four things you need to know about Óscar Garcí... 1 Comments (0) The "Google-esque" offices of an accountancy firm will be opened up for a recruitment event – as it looks to fill 30 jobs. PKF Cooper Parry, based at East Midlands Airport, is targeting school leavers, students, graduates and established professionals for the vacancies. It comes on the back of recently hiring 45 new recruits at the East Midlands branch, taking the total number based there to 285 people, during a record year for the firm. CEO Ade Cheatham said the offices were "Google-esque", adding: "2016 was our best ever year and 2017 promises to be even better, thanks to our fantastic, passionate people. "We're experiencing exceptional growth across all our teams and are on the hunt for talented and enthusiastic people who put clients first and can help us deliver an outstanding level of service. "Our last open house event attracted more than 100 people, many of whom we recruited." Read more: £1.5m luxury Nottinghamshire holiday park will create 30 jobs PKF Cooper Parry previously had a base in Nottingham city centre but merged that office with those in Leicester and Derby to work under one roof at the airport in May 2014. The 25,000 sq ft home was transformed into an office space that is complete with a café area decked out in bright and bold colours. It also has play spaces, which includes a vintage table football game, video game console, pool table and arcade games, along with an astro-turfed TV viewing area and an outside space with a table tennis table. During the open house event on January 31 from 4pm to 7pm, Mr Cheatham will begin the event with a presentation on what it's like to work at the firm, its ethos "Disrupt. Lead. Make Life Count" and its ambitious growth plans. As well as meeting the CEO, guests can have an informal chat with staff from the audit, tax, wealth, IT, restructuring, corporate finance and support teams. The firm is currently recruiting for a number of roles at all levels and across a number of teams, particularly in the audit and tax teams, which are experiencing unprecedented growth. Vacancies exist for audit managers, audit seniors, tax manager, tax senior roles and a credit controller. Vacancies also exist in the school leaver programme for AAT and ATT students, along with placement students and interns for 2017. The company reported its strongest ever financial year to the end of June 2016, with revenues rising by 29 percent to £22m. Read more: East Midlands Airport-based company is UK's fastest growing accountancy firm It has set a £30m target for the current financial year, and has been boosted in the past 12 months by more than 100 new faces joining the business across its offices in the East Midlands and West Midlands, which is based in Birmingham with 121 staff. Its most recent intake of new recruits involved 68 people joining the two offices, including 45 in the East Midlands. PKF also won a number of awards last year, including being the only accountancy firm to make the 2016 Sunday Times List of 100 Best Small Companies to Work for and winning the most innovative practice of the year (mid-tier firm) accolade at the British Accountancy Awards 2016. Mr Cheatham added: "Our business continues to grow like crazy across all areas and this latest round of appointments now gives us over 400 passionate, dedicated people, who will drive the business forward over the next 12 months. "Our unique culture and working environment enables us to recruit the highest calibre of people. "We have a really talented team around us, which will enable us achieve our long term aim of creating a £45m turnover firm within the next three years, reaching £150m within the next 10 years." To find out more about the recruitment day, visit www.pkfcooperparry.com/recruitment-open-day Report this article Read more from Nottingham Post Most Recent Most Commented Notts entrepreneur waxes multi-millionaire on Dragons' Den but... Nottinghamshire police find a body in the search for missing man Four things you need to know about Óscar García The Nottingham Forest takeover deal has collapsed Former Nottingham Forest striker Stan Collymore engages in... Yellow flares thrown on the pitch at Notts County v Mansfield... Do you have something to say? Leave your comment here... max 4000 characters Comments Newest Oldest Best Rated YOUR COMMENTS AWAITING MODERATION Send me jobs by email Hot Jobs Direct Carers Salary : £7.20-£9.00 p/h Trainee Autocad Technician Salary : TBC Office Junior Salary : TBC Building Labourer Salary : Competitive Commercial Vehicle Spray Painter Salary : Excellent rates of pay Telemarketing Appointment Setter Salary : £8.50 p/h Telesales People Salary : Good Account Manager Salary : OTE of 25k - 30k Chief Executive Salary : c£100,000pa Icebreak Care Co-ordinator Salary : Starting salary £21,323 – £23,100 (based on experience) for 37 hours per week Dyslexia tutor Salary : £40.00 per hour Civil & Mechanical Engineering Operatives Salary : competitive Cabinet Maker / Bench Hand Joiner Salary : Salary is dependent on previous experience Marketing and PR Assistant Salary : Grade G (£25,578 - £27,822) ZAP Project - Early Intervention Worker Salary : £17,775 per annum (pro rata) for 31 hours per week worked flexibly Nursery Assistant Salary : £7.51 - £8.06 per hour Quantity Surveyor Salary : £35-45k + Benefits + Company car Experienced Barber Required - Derby Salary : FT - £22k | PT - £13k (3 days excluding Saturdays) In Store Display Assistant / In Store Visual Merchandiser Salary : £9.48 per annum Patient Transport Service Care Assistant Salary : £7.20 per hour Show your pictures Upload your pictures and share with the community! × Report Abuse Name * Email * What is the primary reason you are reporting this message as abusive? General Abuse Profanity Explicit Content Impersonation Harassment Libel Racial Abuse Religious Abuse Spam Private Information Additional Comments? Cancel Report Abuse Related Links News Animals Business Crime Editor's Choices Politics Jobs news Trending Shopping Nottingham Live Environment Emergency Services Transport Health Transport Education Entertainment Sport Boxing Cricket Football Mansfield Town Nottingham Forest Nottingham Panthers Notts CCC Notts County Other Sport Rugby More Advertise with us Community E-Edition Have Your Say Letters Corrections & Clarifications How to Complain Nottingham Live Online competitions Our promotions Picture galleries Video Weather Local Connections Buy a Photo Cars for sale Classified ads Dating Homes for sale Homes to rent Jobs Memoriams Notices Obituaries Public notices Vouchers Local Businesses Shopping Estate Agents Restaurants Health and Beauty Hotels and Travel Sport and Leisure Hairdressers Pubs and Bars Attractions Services Tradesmen Business Services Motoring Builders and Construction Gardening Education Taxis & Vehicle Hire Legal Servces Plumbers Copyright © 2017 Local World. All Rights Reserved. Contact Us Privacy & Cookies Terms & Conditions House Rules

9to5Mac 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Android Chrome/OS Guides Android Android Wear Android Auto Nexus Chromebook Google Apps Android TV YouTube Trending in Google Corporate Samsung Gear S3 Review: This is the smartwatch of the future we’ve been waiting for… [Video] Trending in Google Corporate NOOK Tablet 7″ Review: Easily the best $50 tablet you can buy this year Trending in Google Corporate Lenovo Phab2 Pro Review: Tango is impressive and awesome, but this device isn’t for everyone [Video] Trending in Google Corporate Opinion: Google’s ‘Magic Minute’ marketing campaign simply highlights that Android Wear is practically useless Trending in Google Corporate Google Wifi Review: A great user-friendly router for your home, even if you buy just one Trending in Google Corporate 9to5Google Gift Guide: These are five affordable Android phone deals to grab this holiday season January 13 GOOG: 807.88 1.52 As it gears up for enterprise usage, Google makes it easier to create group chats in Hangouts Ben Schoon - Jan. 13th 2017 11:53 am PT @NexusBen Google Hangouts Google View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit Google Hangouts is a fantastic service, but little by little, it’s fading into the background like the dozen other Google messaging services before it. However, Google has no plans to kill the service, instead wanting to shift its focus to the enterprise customer. As it does that, it’s also moving the features to best fit that use case. Today, Google has introduced an update to Google Hangouts on the web which makes it easier to create a new group chat. Previously in Hangouts, users would have to create the chat and then adjust names afterward. With Google’s new update, though, users can easily create a chat, change the name, and invite members all in one quick move. It’s a small change, but it makes setting up a new chat quicker than it previously was. This change is currently rolling out to both the standard Hangouts website and Chrome extension, as well as within the Gmail web interface. It should be available for all users within the next 1-3 days if it is not available already. Guides Google Hangouts View THe Guide Google View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options. Post to Cancel
  Facebook Twitter RSS Subscribe Forecasts Events Advertise Skip to Navigation Skip to Content WardsAuto Register Log In Username or e-mail: * Password: * Remember me Forgot Your Password? close Search: INDUSTRY ENGINES INTERIORS TECHNOLOGY TEST DRIVES IdeaXchange DEALERS DATA & INSIGHTS Advertisement Home > Dealer > Understanding Google’s “Intrusive” Pop-Up Penalty Understanding Google’s “Intrusive” Pop-Up Penalty INDUSTRY VOICES Jan 13, 2017 Dave Pye EMAIL Tweet Comments 1 Dealerships using an excessive number of pop-ups should think about dialing back – at least on the mobile version of their website. Not all pop-ups are created equal. This is important to remember when understanding Google's Jan. 10 announcement it will start penalizing the organic-search visibility of mobile websites with "intrusive" pop-up windows. Google describes the three main offenses they’ll be on the lookout for as follows: Showing a popup that covers the main content, either immediately after the user navigates to a page from the search results or while they are looking through the page. Displaying a stand-alone interstitial that the user has to dismiss before accessing the main content. Using a layout where the above-the-fold portion of the page appears similar to a stand-alone interstitial, but the original content has been in-lined underneath the fold. Anyone who has spent time browsing the web on their phone knows how murderous pop-ups can be on mobile. Like most changes Google makes, the goal here is to reward websites with superior user experiences via better rankings. They’re simultaneously protecting the search engine’s market share by improving the quality of their query results. Nothing shocking there. Business as usual. To put it simply, dealerships using an excessive number of pop-ups should think about dialing back – at least on the mobile version of their website. As a refresher: Not all pop-ups are created equal. The No. 1 question I’ve gotten from auto dealers regarding Google’s announcement thus far has been, “Does that mean I have to get rid of my chat tool? That’s a pop-up, after all! This is terrible news!” The answer is no. The sky is not falling, Chicken Little. A chat box on mobile is a pop-up with a purpose. Many visitors to your website will want to converse with your staff via chat, especially on their mobile devices. The functionality adds value to user experience and is therefore not the type of window this algorithmic update is seeking to penalize. One more late-breaking detail as the update rolls out: John Mueller, a Google Webmaster trends analyst, recently confirmed the focus of the potential penalty will be limited to the first page a user lands on via search results. If they’re already on your site, they’re then assaulted by low-value pop-ups while navigating internally. Google currently doesn’t seem concerned. For anyone particularly fond of using interstitials who also want to remain in Google’s good graces, one potential change to your monthly workflow would be to keep an eye on your top landing pages by unique visitors and ensure they remain algorithmically inoffensive. In summation, and with Google’s new rules taking effect, remember the following: This penalty will only apply to the mobile versions of websites. It only will consider the first page a user reaches from search results. Chat tool windows will not be cause for penalization. Excessive pop-ups are never a good idea, regardless of device. Dave Pye is Director of Digital Marketing - Content Strategy at Dealer.com, a Cox Automotive brand. Print reprints Favorite EMAIL Tweet Discuss this Article 1 HugoTheImpaler on Jan 14, 2017 In my experience the chat pop-up is quite often an effectively a worthless tool as it provides no value or additional information. It is a time waster and pushes me away from any such site. Login or register to post comments Please Log In or Register to post comments. Advertisement Related Articles Excuse Me, Your Pop-Up Is Showing 1 Dealers Urged to Rethink Marketing, Understand New Google Dealers Need to Rethink Marketing, Understand New Google, Consultant Says FIAT Brand's Hot Digital Spot Receives VH1 'Pop-Up' Video Treatment Understanding CPO Shoppers Related Resources Jan 10, 2017 Industry Voices Auto Sales Increase, So Do Regulatory Fines Less than 25% of dealers employ a compliance officer and 65% of dealers have not had a comprehensive audit in the last 12 months....More Advertisement Advertisement Jun 21, 2016 Article WardsAuto Car Dealership Uses Internet to Net Out-of-State Sales The Denver auto-retail market is competitive and aggressive, says Jared Pleva (left) of Mike Shaw Subaru....More Jun 20, 2016 Article WardsAuto Dealer Knows When to Hold, Fold The Wilde Automotive Family car dealership group increased sales after decreasing its store count....More May 27, 2016 Article WardsAuto Dealer Turns Church Into Medical Center “There must be 100,000 ways to say ‘I can’t,’ but none of them are acceptable to him,” Michael Cimino says of his father....More Insights Jan 13, 2017 Article WardsAuto Canada Medium- and Heavy-Duty Truck Sales Sink in December   All five medium- and heavy-duty segments post double-digit losses...More Enewsletters Advertisement Follow Us Twitter Facebook RSS Press Room Sitemap Site Archive View Mobile Site Advertising Contact Subscriptions Privacy Policy Terms of Service WardsAuto InfoBank WardsAuto magazine WardsAuto Dealer mag Penton Media Advertisement Advertisement Copyright © 2017 Penton Sponsored Introduction Continue on to (or wait seconds) ×
Hot Topics: News Video Reviews Phones Tablets Android Nougat Apps How-to Submit a Tip greenbot Popular Stories: A list of all the Google Now voice commands 13 tips and tricks to master your HTC One (M8) 11 simple tips and tricks to get more from your LG G3 Get the most from your Samsung Galaxy S5 with these 16 tips and tricks Back that app up: 5 great backup utilities for Android Cabin review: Track your family's location, send messages, and assign tasks Search Search for Suggestions for you Insider email Apps All Apps Entertainment Software Games Productivity Software Social Media Utility Software Carriers Gadgets Google Services All Google Services Google Apps Phones Resources Tablets Tech Events All Tech Events Back to School Holiday Gift Guide News Tips Submit a tip Home Android Android Tipbot By Michael Simon | Staff Writer |Follow About | Phones don't really come with instruction manuals anymore, and learning how to use your phone effectively can be a big task. Our tips and how-to articles will set you on the path to Android expertise. How-To How to add, remove, and manage accounts on your Android phone The Accounts tab in Settings gives you the power to wipe accounts from your phone and stop battery-killing apps from syncing. Greenbot | Jan 13, 2017 11:19 AM PT Email a friend To Use commas to separate multiple email addresses From 
		     Privacy Policy Thank you Your message has been sent. Sorry There was an error emailing this page. Credit: Greenbot More like this The iPhone switcher's guide: Move from iOS to Android and keep all your stuff 14 eyebrow-raising personal details Google knows about you How to set up your Android phone for ultimate privacy Video Google Daydream View unboxing: A first look at Google's VR headset Everyone who owns an Android phone has a Google account, but there are lots of other apps on our phones that all require their own login credentials. The longer you have your phone the more they can pile up, and before long, your app drawer is filled with all sorts of services that may or may not be tied to an active account. But you don’t have to open each app to manage them. Whether you want to add, remove, or tweak one of your accounts, Google has built a handy way to do it right inside the Settings app. Let us show you how to do it. Greenbot The Accounts tab in Settings holds the keys to all of the online accounts on your phone. Under the Personal tab in Settings, you’ll find an option for Accounts. This is separate from the Google tab, where you’ll find a slew of preferences related to how your Google account operates on your device. Accounts keeps a running list of the social media, storage, and email accounts you have on your phone and gives you the power to delete them and control their background activities. Once you open the tab you’ll instantly be met with an alphabetical list of any apps on your phone that have active accounts tied to them. All of your Google accounts will be fittingly collected under the Google tab, but any other email addresses you use will be tied to the appropriate client. So if you use Newton Mail and Gmail to manage your iCloud address, they will show separately. Greenbot These two screens might look the same, but the Add Account page also includes any apps that haven’t been linked with an account yet. At the bottom of the list you’ll find an Add account button, which does exactly what you’d expect it to do. Tap it and you’ll get a list of all the apps on your phone that require an account, so you can link a new one or add another to Facebook, Twitter, Gmail, etc. Select one of the apps in the list and you’ll be taken to its respective login page where you can login with a new username. (The Google button, which takes you to Google Play Services account page, requires fingerprint or passcode authentication first.) When you return to the Accounts page it will have been added to active list. Greenbot You can adjust the sync settings for individual apps or turn it off completely in the Account tab. Along with adding accounts, you can also manage how much data each is using in the background. Every app has its own sync settings, so you’ll be able to get a handle on any that may be harpooning your battery life. Most provide a simple on/off switch, but some offer more granular controls, particularly the Google app, which has 13 toggles for each of its various apps and services. You can also opt to turn off auto sync completely by tapping the three dots in the top-right corner and unchecking the Auto-sync data box. While you’ll have to visit the individual apps to do things like change your password or turn on 2-factor authentication, you can still use the menu to remove any dormant or compromised accounts. For example, if you wanted to delete a Google account from your phone, you would tap the app icon, select the account you want to remove (if more than one is linked), and press the menu button in the top right corner. Then, in the drop-down menu, select Remove account, confirm it’s what you actually want to do it, and it’ll be instantly wiped away from your phone. Greenbot If you want to get rid of an account completely, you can do that in the Accounts menu. Repeat that process for any account you want to remove from your phone. However, remember that this method only unlinks the account. To delete the app completely, you’ll need to find the icon on your phone, tap and told it, and move it to the Uninstall droplet at the top of the screen. To comment on this article and other Greenbot content, visit our Facebook page or our Twitter feed. Related: Android Google Services Google Michael Simon covers all things mobile for Greenbot and Macworld. You can usually find him with his nose buried in a screen. You Might Like Shop Tech Products at Amazon Notice to our Readers We're now using social media to take your comments and feedback. Learn more about this here. Popular on Greenbot New Pokémon Go maps show you where to catch 'em all Where can I find Pikachu? More than one Pokémon Go map promises to help you find rare Pokémon—and they... A list of all the Google Now voice commands Pokémon Go FAQ: The beginner's guide on how to catch 'em all Newsletter Get the latest news, trends, apps, and tips for your Android phone. Get our Greenbot download newsletter Go The best Pokémon Go map grabs data directly from the Pokémon Go servers Pokévision may be the best Pokémon Go map, as it apparently taps the Niantic API itself to provide a... 20 great new features in Android 7.0 Nougat Google's operating system is everywhere, and it just keeps getting better. Here's what's new in this... More from... Featured Stories Five to Try: Star Wars: Force Arena, Toontastic 3D, Towaga, Inkitt... Check out this week's biggest new Android app and game releases. 2016 in review: The year in Android Take a look back at the last 12 months of Android and a peek at what's to come. 5 things you need to know about the Snapdragon 835 This is the processor that will power most of the high-end Android phones this year, and it sounds... 20 great new features in Android 7.0 Nougat Google's operating system is everywhere, and it just keeps getting better. Here's what's new in this... Sponsored Links Building a cloud business case? Need data to back up your cloud strategy? Greenbot Follow us Apps Carriers Gadgets Google Services Phones Resources Tablets Tech Events News Tips Submit a tip Newsletters About Us Contact Privacy Policy Terms of Service Agreement E-commerce Affiliate Relationships Advertising Careers at IDG Site Map Copyright © 2017 IDG Communications, Inc. The Android robot is reproduced or modified from work created and shared by Google and used according to terms described in the Creative Commons 3.0 Attribution License. Greenbot is an independent site that is not affiliated with Google Inc. Explore the IDG Network descend CIO Computerworld CSO Greenbot IDC IDG IDG Connect IDG Knowledge Hub IDG TechNetwork IDG.TV IDG Ventures Infoworld IT News ITwhitepapers ITworld JavaWorld LinuxWorld Macworld Network World PC World TechConnect TechHive This ad will close in 20 seconds. Continue to site »

Sections MarTech CMO Social SEM SEO Mobile Analytics Display Email Retail Video Home Submit Follow Us Follow CMO Social SEM SEO Mobile Analytics Display Retail MarTech More Submit Follow SUBSCRIBE Subscribe Marketing Land Trending Story YouTube Labs pairs brands & agencies with creators Year in review Here are Marketing Land's top 10 columns of 2017 Subscribe to Marketing Day SUBSCRIBE MarTech CMO Social SEM SEO Mobile Analytics Display Email Retail Video Home SEO Everything you need to know about SEO, published jointly with Search Engine Land every Thursday. SUBSCRIBE Fetch and Horror: 3 examples of how fetch and render in GSC can reveal big SEO problems Glenn Gabe on January 13, 2017 at 1:30 pm More In May 2014, some powerful functionality debuted in the “fetch as Google” feature in Google Search Console — the ability to fetch and render. When you ask Google to fetch and render, its crawler will fetch all necessary resources so it can accurately render a page, including images, CSS and JavaScript. Google then provides a preview snapshot of what Googlebot sees versus what a typical user sees. That’s important to know, since sites could be inadvertently blocking resources, which could impact how much content gets rendered. Adding fetch and render was a big deal, since it helps reveal issues with how content is being indexed. With this functionality, webmasters can ensure that Googlebot is able to fetch all necessary resources in order for the render to be accurate; with many webmasters disallowing important directories and files via robots.txt, Googlebot might be seeing a limited view of the page. As former Googler Pierre Far said at the time, “By blocking crawling of CSS and JS, you’re actively harming the indexing of your pages.” Therefore, a technical audit isn’t a technical audit if it doesn’t include testing pages using fetch and render. Using the tool in Google Search Console (GSC), you can test both Google’s desktop and smartphone crawlers to see how Googlebot is rendering each page on your site. I’ll cover more about the mobile situation later in this post, but for now, I’ll focus on what can happen when you block resources. After checking your own pages, you might just look like this: Credit: Giphy Let’s take a closer look at three examples I’ve come across during my SEO travels. [Read the full article on Search Engine Land.] Some opinions expressed in this article may be those of a guest author and not necessarily Marketing Land. Staff authors are listed here. About The Author Glenn Gabe Glenn Gabe, president of G-Squared Interactive, is a digital marketing veteran with over 20 years of experience. Glenn currently helps clients maximize their online marketing efforts via Search Engine Optimization (SEO), Search Engine Marketing (SEM), Social Advertising, and Web Analytics. During the past 20 years, Glenn has assisted clients across a wide range of industries including consumer packaged goods (CPG), e-commerce retailers, startups, pharmaceuticals, healthcare, military, education, non-profits, online auctions, real estate, and publishing. Sponsored We're listening. Have something to say about this article? Share it with us on Facebook, Twitter or our LinkedIn Group. WATCH #SB51 TEASER ADS Attend Our Conferences March 21-23, 2017: SMX West June 2017: SMX Advanced October 24-26, 2017: SMX East × Attend SMX - Click Here Learn More About Our SMX Events Gain new strategies and insights at the intersection of marketing, technology, and management. Our next conference will be held: May 9-11, 2017: MarTech San Francisco October 2-4, 2017: MarTech Boston × Attend MarTech - Click Here Learn More About Our MarTech Events Take the MarTech Quiz Think you know martech? Find out by taking this 3-minute quiz. See how you score and share it with friends! Let's Get Started White Papers Benchmark Report: 2017 State of Customer Marketing How SEO + UX Can Thrive Together Social Media ROI Template How an Insight Community Creates More Effective Brand Marketing How to Keep Your Customers From Cheating on You See More Whitepapers Webcasts 5 Disruptions Reshaping Marketing As We Know It Integrated Marketing Analytics: Creating a single source of data truth Video Marketing 2017: What You Need to Know See More Webcasts Research Reports Content Marketing Tools B2B Predictive Marketing Analytics Platforms Social Media Management Software Call Analytics Platforms Paid Media Campaign Management Platforms B2B Marketing Automation Platforms See More Research Get our daily Marketing Day newsletter. SUBSCRIBE Follow Us © 2017 Third Door Media, Inc. All rights reserved.
On The Cover Subscribe Men's Journal Gear Health & Fitness Adventure Food & Drink More Health & Fitness Adventure Food & Drink Style Where to Ski Now Entertainment Travel Sports Features Beer Collections Whiskey Workouts Watches Weight Loss Cars Grooming Four-Day Weekend Recipes Best Places to Live Nutrition Life Advice Gift Ideas Books Beards Subscribe Record Book Editor's Picks J.K. Simmons on What It Takes to Play One of Boston's Finest BrewDog's "Uncle Duke's" Whisky: Hunter Thompson Homage or Marketing Ploy? D.C. Brewery Releases a Beer to Ease Your Inauguration-Related Pain Brooks Releases Special Edition Rock 'n' Roll Marathon Series Shoe BlackBerry Is Really, Truly Back 72 Hours With Google Home Life Advice from Yvon Chouinard 7 Ways to Raise Kids Who Love to Exercise Gear 72 Hours With Google Home By  Erik Sofge Day 1 By now you've probably seen Amazon's Echo in action, either in person, in a commercial, or in sly product placement, such as on the TV series Mr. Robot. Amazon has all but locked down the smart-speaker category, making it impossible to talk about Google Home without comparing it to the Echo. RELATED: How to Set Up a Voice-Controlled Home So on our first day with Google Home, a WiFi-connected speaker that responds to voice commands, everything it did felt like a rehash. When you say, “OK Google,” a ring of lights blink on, indicating that this isn't a random decoration or oversized air freshener. It's a computer masquerading as a speaker, and part of a genuine revolution in how we interact with the internet. Like Echo, Google Home can answer questions too pointless to justify reaching for your phone. It can set timers, a minor function that became indispensable once we started cooking. It can also play music, pulling specific songs from Google Play, Spotify or YouTube. RELATED: 10 Google App Tricks You Need to Know If you already own an Echo, this is all very boring to read about, since you've likely already been fully seduced by the lazy delights of talking to your new computer. Whether you're using it for useful stuff, like to dim the lights (assuming you have connected lightbulbs, such as Philips Hue bulbs) or you're forcing it to respond to inane personal questions, smart speakers are the most irresistible new class of consumer tech in years. They happen to be terrible speakers at their price point, with audio that's muffled and muddy at any volume, but their voice-computing capabilities more than make up for what should be a fatal flaw. If you don't have an Echo, Google Home will probably be just as appealing, for all the same reasons. It's just fun to talk to the internet, and there's no immediately clear reason to pick Google's smart-speaker over Amazon's, except maybe the hardware design, and the price (Home is $60 cheaper than the full-sized Echo). Day 2 For us, there is no death match between Echo and Home. The duel is over. Echo is lying in the dirt, the crowd is roaring, and the Emperor's thumb is pointing unmistakably down. What killed Echo for us at this time is its artificial intelligence, or lack thereof. As of this writing, Google Home is leaps ahead of Echo in voice searches.  We asked Echo what a brown dwarf is. Echo was completely stumped. We asked the same question of Google Home, and it read back a substantial, but still pretty succinct description of the specific class of infrared-emitting star. That entry was pulled from Universe Today, a site Google Home seemed to lean on for nearly any space-based question we posed.  This is the right way to approach voice searching — not by randomly fishing around the internet for answers, but putting queries in different silos, with questions within a given category all drawing from the same source. That Google has a better handle on searching the internet isn't a surprise. What is surprising, though, is that the company hasn't better communicated just how much better Google Home is at voice searches than Echo. RELATED: The Age of Amazon's Alexa Small as this distinction might seem, we can't help but feel a little sorry for Echo owners who don't know what they're missing. Few things in consumer tech are more frustrating than a gadget that doesn't work as promised. And Echo, as of right now, breaks its central promise constantly. It whiffs on question after question, either failing to find an answer, or maybe declining to provide one when the answer might be too long to effectively recite. That's not to say that Google Home has a perfect batting average. Some questions are too complicated to be answered with a few sentences. And it understandably lacks cognition, so it doesn't always catch the real drift of your question. Ask it how a given celebrity died, and it might give a surface-level answer, pointing to a heart attack, without explaining that the fuller cause of death was drug-related. But if you prod the speaker with increasingly pointed questions, it often gives up the goods.  Day 3 Unfortunately, Google Home doesn't stand a chance. Sure, in the isolated gadget Colosseum that is our house, the battle of the smart speakers was won decisively, and by virtue of search engine smarts. In the wider world, though, Amazon is quickly winning the voice-computing war. This became obvious during the recent Consumer Electronics Show. A shocking number of devices came embedded with Alexa, the same voice-command operating system found on Echo. From alarm systems and refrigerators to DVRs and TVs, Amazon's software was everywhere. Google, meanwhile, had virtually no news regarding its equivalent platform. RELATED: Everything You Need to Know About Your Connected Home Going forward, this is a major blow to Google Home. It's also, strangely enough, a blow to the Echo. New products that use Alexa don't generally require an Echo to accept voice commands, so the value of a smart-speaker might be evaporating just as quickly as it materialized. And companies like Lenovo announced Alexa-running Echo clones that may have better audio quality than the Echo. If those claims stand up to testing, Amazon's pioneering speaker might be obsolete in a matter of months. But that's the larger picture. For now, and so long as Amazon doesn't release a software update that improves Alexa's powers of search — something that could happen any time, and without warning — Google Home is the superior smart-speaker. It's smarter, cheaper, and arguably more stylish than Echo. Sure, it doesn't have as many friends, but who needs friends when you have the internet? [$129; store.google.com] Add a Comment Sign Up for the Men's Journal Newsletter! Please enable javascript to sign up for the newsletter. Men's Journal delivers it all so you can savor the journey— as much as the destination Subscribe Digital Issue Give a Gift © Men's Journal 2017 Privacy Policy Your Privacy Rights Your Ad Choices Data Policy Terms of Use Contact Us Customer Service Media Kit Sitemap
TrustedReviews Facebook Twitter Googleplus TVs & Audio Cameras Computing Mobile Home appliances Gaming MWC 2017 GPS & Sat Nav Mobile Apps Mobile Phone Accessories Mobile Phones Tablets Wearables & Fitness Trending: CES 2017 Apple Watch 2 iPhone 7 Galaxy S7 vs iPhone 6S Google Pixel Galaxy S7 Home / News / Fitness News / LG is plotting an Android Wear 2.0 watch, will it be fly like the G6? LG is plotting an Android Wear 2.0 watch, will it be fly like the G6? by Chris Smith 13 January 2017 0 shares Read Comments The LG G6 might not be the only Android device the company has lined up for MWC. New reports point to an Android Wear 2.0 smartwatch in LG’s near future. Images spotted via the Federal Communications Commission (FCC) suggest the Korean giant is planning to give the Google-based operating system another spin. The model number ZNFW280 seems to suggest it will be a follow on from the LG Urbane series, while the listing reveals the device will also boast LTE cellular capabilities and 2.4GHz Wi-Fi. The filing follows the launch of the Casio WSD-F20 at CES 2017, earlier this month, as the first device to arrive with the much-delayed Android Wear 2.0 on board. Read more: Is Android Wear 2.0 coming to your smartwatch? Google is also working on two flagship Android Wear 2.0 devices, which are expected to launch at MWC 2017 and become available before the end of March. It is not known which manufacturer is partnering with Google for these so-called ‘Pixel’ watches, which are rumoured to be codenamed Swordfish and Angelfish. Google has said they will not be solely 'Made by Google' and will feature manufacturer branding, unlike the HTC-built Pixel phone. Reports this week suggested developers have until “early February” to get their apps updated ahead of the full Android Wear 2.0 rollout Android Pay first look Can the refreshed OS, which includes standalone apps a new UI and better fitness tools, save Android Wear from obscurity? Share your thoughts in the comments below. 0 shares Read Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Free Newsletter Get TrustedReviews' award-winning reviews, opinions and advice delivered to your inbox for free! By submitting your details, you'll also receive emails from Time Inc. UK, publisher of Trusted Reviews and other iconic brands about its goods and services, and those of its carefully selected third parties. Please tick here if you'd prefer not to hear about: Time Inc.'s goods & services, including all the latest news, great deals and offers Third party goods & services ⩔ Show More Terms & Conditions | Privacy & Cookies Policy More on Trusted Reviews More information - Sitemap| About us| Contact us| Advertise with us Facebook Twitter Googleplus Trusted Reviews is part of the Time Inc. (UK) Ltd Technology Network © Time Inc. (UK) Ltd 2003-2017, All rights reserved| Terms of use| Privacy Policy| Cookie Information Free Newsletter Get TrustedReviews' award-winning reviews and advice delivered to your inbox for free! By submitting your details, you'll also receive emails from Time Inc. UK, publisher of Trusted Reviews and other iconic brands about its goods and services, and those of its carefully selected third parties. Please tick here if you'd prefer not to hear about: Time Inc.'s goods & services, including all the latest news, great deals and offers Third party goods & services ⩔ Show More Terms & Conditions | Privacy & Cookies Policy
This web site uses cookies to improve your experience. By viewing our content, you are accepting the use of cookies. To find out more and change your cookie settings, please view our cookie policy. Edition: Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan Go Videos Smart City Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security Data Centers more Apple Mobility CES 2017 IoT Enterprise Software Hardware See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Newsletters All Writers Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out Go Menu Videos Smart City Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security Data Centers Apple Mobility CES 2017 IoT Enterprise Software Hardware See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out us Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan How to use Google two-factor authentication If you use Google services, and you don't want anyone raiding or wrecking your account and services--not to mention your life--Google two-step verification security is for you. By Steven J. Vaughan-Nichols for Networking | January 13, 2017 -- 03:49 GMT (19:49 PST) | Topic: Security Do you really think security is too much trouble? That no one is ever going to bother with your accounts? Ask former Gizmodo employee Mat Honan if he feels that way after his accounts and devices were wiped clean . That could have been you, and it could have been worse. There are several ways to try to protect your online accounts and one of the more important of these is two-factor authentication. Two-factor authentication is ancient IT technology. If you've ever worked in a shop that required you both to show an ID card and enter a pin to go through a door, you've used it. As the name suggests it requires you to both show you know something, typically a password, and have a unique item that identifies you. On the Web, two-factor authentication typically requires you have both a password and a phone with its unique number, which can be used as the item. Since Google played a role in the Honan case and almost everyone uses some Google service or the other--and Apple doesn't support two-factor authentication --let's go over how to turn on Google's version of two-factor authentication: two-step verification. Before jumping in that though here are some other basics. First, don't use passwords, use passphrases. "Always color outside the lines!" is both much easier to remember and far harder to break than say "Tr)ub4DORm1." Second, use different passphrases for each of your accounts. These days, as in both the Honan situation and the recent Dropbox breach , a major reason things went bad was that one password was used for multiple accounts. If you use a different passphrase for each account, you limit your damage to that one service. And, if you have trouble remembering all those passphrases--as we all do--I suggest you invest in a password management program. I use, and like, LastPass myself. I have many tech. savvy friends, however, who swear by 1Password. Got all that? Good. What Google two-step verification adds to your security blanket is to get access to your Google account and all its services is that to break in a cracker needs not only your password but your phone as well. To use Google 2 step verification, you'll need your phone as well as your PC. Here's how to set Google's two-step verification up. The first thing you'll need is a phone that will accept anonymous SMS (aka text) messages or voice calls. You're going to need that because Google uses your unique phone and its number as its second factor. Google recommends that you use a mobile phone number as opposed to a landline or Google Voice number.You can use either, but I suggest you don't use a Google Voice number since that could trap you in a situation where you couldn't easily access any of your Google services Next, you need to sign-in to your Google account and head to the two-step verification settings page. Once there, you'll need to choose "Using 2-step verification" from the menu. From here, you'll enter the country your phone is registered I and enter your phone number. You can also choose whether to get your verification code by voice or SMS on your phone. In a matter of seconds, you'll get a call with your verification number. You then enter this code into the data entry box provided by your Web browser. Your computer will then ask you if you want it to remember the computer you're using. If you answer, "yes" that computer will be authorized for use for 30-days. Finally, you turn on 2-step verification and you're done. Well, not really. You see, you're not really authorizing your computer,as you might think from the instructions, you're authorizing the use of a particular Web browser on that computer with 2-step verification. If, like me, you run more than one browser you'll need to go through this process with every browser. You'll also need to go through it with every computer you use. Since on an average day I use half-a-dozen different computers that adds up to a lot of time for the initial setup. Also, while most Google services work with 2-step authenticaiton, not all of them do. Services that don't support the 2-step authentication dance include: POP and IMAP email clients such as Outlook, Mail and Thunderbird Gmail and Google Calendar on smartphones ActiveSync for Windows Mobile and iPhone YouTube Mobile on Apple devices Cloud Print IM clients for Google Talk and Adium 3D Warehouse, Sketchup, and installed applications AdWords Editor Sync for Google Chrome Gmail Notifier So, if like me, you use a smartphone and clients for email and IM, you'll also need to set up application specific passwords. This will not, can not, be the same as your master Google password. Google, not you, generates your application specific passwords. You'll get these application specific passwords by first giving it a name, such as e-mail, Android, and so on, and then Google will automatically generate a password for you. You then enter this new password in for the application and your application will be good to go. There are also a handful of applications, such as Google TV Gallery, that don't work with any version of 2-step verification. From this same page you can also see all the services you've authorized to use your Google ID as your identification. So long as you're cleaning up your security act anyway, you might as well go through the list and Revoke Access to any service you're no longer using. Let's say though that you don't have your phone, or you're somewhere without a signal when your laptop's 30-days of grace are up. No problem. Google gives you two answers. The first is to download the Google Authenticator app for Android, Apple and Blackberry tablets and smartphones. With this you can generate a PC/browser password. You can also create a batch of ten backup codes, which you can use to authorize a computer. Is this perfect? No. There's no such thing as perfect security. A man in the middle attack can still grab your password and your authentication number. And, a good old fashioned people hack led to CloudFlare CEO's losing control of his Google account even with two-factor authentication . Even so, if you don't want your personal security disaster you should follow all these suggestions. Yes, setting Google, or any other two-factor authentication, up can be a pain but you'll be far safer with it than without it. Related Stories: Black cloud looms over Apple online service after high-profile hack How Apple let a hacker remotely wipe an iPhone, iPad, MacBook Is two-factor authentication Dropbox's security answer? You're not in control of your own security Google's two-factor sign-in: Use it Join Discussion Powered by Livefyre Add your Comment Related Stories Security If vendors cannot keep a phone updated, why trust them with your household items? Windows Microsoft details tweaks to its Windows 7, 8.1 patch rollups Security Why you need MFA now: Gmail phishing scheme prepends URL with working script data Security Plug car security holes before self-driving vehicles arrive, industry warned × Thank You Please review our terms of service to complete your newsletter subscription I agree to the Terms of Use, Privacy Policy and Video Services Policy. I understand I will receive a complimentary subscription to TechRepublic's News and Special Offers newsletter, and the Daily Digest newsletter (you can opt out at any time). ACCEPT & CLOSE Newsletters You have been successfully signed up. To sign up for more newsletters or to manage your account, visit the Newsletter Subscription Center. See All See All ZDNet Connect with us © 2017 CBS Interactive. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | Cookies | Ad Choice | Advertise | Terms of Use | Mobile User Agreement Visit other CBS Interactive sites: Select SiteCBS CaresCBS FilmsCBS RadioCBS.comCBSInteractiveCBSNews.comCBSSports.comChowhoundCNETCollege NetworksGameSpotLast.fmMaxPrepsMetacritic.comMoneywatchmySimonRadio.comSearch.comShopper.comShowtimeTechRepublicThe InsiderTV.comUrbanBaby.comZDNet Topics All Authors Galleries Videos About ZDNet Meet The Team Site Map RSS Feeds Reprint Policy Manage | Log Out Log In to ZDNET | Join ZDNet Membership Newsletters Site Assistance
Search for: About DCK Data Center World Subscribe Events Training Main menu Skip to primary content Skip to secondary content Companies White Papers Regions Infrastructure Design Power Cooling Green Modular Data Centers DCIM InfoCenter Servers Downtime Networking Sectors Cloud Computing Big Data Bitcoin Executive Government Supercomputing / HPC Managed Hosting Colocation Storage DCIM InfoCenter Webcasts Industry Perspectives Data Center Knowledge Top Trending Articles Microsoft to Reorganize Partner, Service Teams, Promises No Job Cuts Digital Realty Signals the Gloves are Coming Off in 2017 Here are the Top Data Center Stories of 2016 Managed AWS Cloud 'Fastest Growing Business Rackspace Has Ever Had', President Says What 2016’s Top Data Center Stories Say About the Industry Previous Article Ex-Autonomy CFO Pleads Not Guilty in Case Over HP Buyout Next Article Report: IBM in Talks About Takeover of Lloyds Data Centers Google’s infrastructure team is experimenting with using this rainwater retention pond as a source of water for the South Carolina data center’s cooling system. (Photo: Google) Google, Security Encryption, Authentication, and Yeah, Alligators: Here’s How Google Secures Its Cloud by Yevgeniy Sverdlik  on January 13, 2017 Add Your Comments Tweet If you want to infiltrate a Google data center, you’ll have to think of ways to go around laser intrusion systems, biometric identification, good old security cameras, and, in at least one case, alligators. If physical data center intrusion is not your thing, hacking your way into the massive cloud may be a lot harder. From custom Google-designed security chips on every server to a never-off-the-clock investigation and incident response team, data center security measures are built into every single layer of the system. The company recently published a whitepaper describing its approach to security, more likely than not to strengthen the cloud-services marketing message to enterprises. The paper includes a section on securing the Google Cloud Platform. Nevertheless, it’s an interesting look at the way Google thinks about data center security. One service running on the infrastructure, for example, never assumes another service is legitimate. Services go through cryptographic authentication and authorization before they communicate. “The infrastructure does not assume any trust between services running on the infrastructure. In other words, the infrastructure is fundamentally designed to be multi-tenant,” the paper reads. Each individual service is configured to allow access only to specific Google engineers. Every machine, every service, and every engineer is given an individual identity, and all these identities are kept in a global name space maintained by the infrastructure, which has a sophisticated identity management workflow system. “This system allows secure access management processes to scale to the thousands of services running on the infrastructure.” Application-layer protocols are encapsulated inside the same security mechanisms as infrastructure-layer communication, which ensures that even if someone manages to hack into a data center network, there is an additional layer of encryption. Essentially, security of data flowing through the network is decoupled from security of the network itself. As Google has said in the past, all data traveling on the company’s private WAN that connects its data centers is automatically encrypted by default. Today, engineers can select whether or not to encrypt infrastructure-layer traffic inside its data centers (they may choose not to protect some low-risk traffic in return for better performance), but Google has started deploying hardware cryptographic accelerators that will eventually allow it to encrypt all traffic inside its data centers by default. More details on Google data center security in the paper itself. Previous Article Ex-Autonomy CFO Pleads Not Guilty in Case Over HP Buyout Next Article Report: IBM in Talks About Takeover of Lloyds Data Centers Tweet Get Daily Email News from DCK!Subscribe now and get our special report, "The World's Most Unique Data Centers." Email* Country* Please select United States United Kingdom Canada India Netherlands Australia South Africa France Germany Singapore Sweden Brazil -------------- Afghanistan Åland Islands Albania Algeria American Samoa Andorra Angola Anguilla Antarctica Antigua and Barbuda Argentina Armenia Aruba Australia Austria Azerbaijan Bahamas Bahrain Bangladesh Barbados Belarus Belgium Belize Benin Bermuda Bhutan Bolivia Bosnia and Herzegovina Botswana Bouvet Island Brazil Brit/Indian Ocean Terr. Brunei Darussalam Bulgaria Burkina Faso Burundi Cambodia Cameroon Canada Cape Verde Cayman Islands Central African Republic Chad Chile China Christmas Island Cocos (Keeling) Islands Colombia Comoros Congo Congo, The Dem. Republic Of Cook Islands Costa Rica Côte d'Ivoire Croatia Cuba Cyprus Czech Republic Denmark Djibouti Dominica Dominican Republic Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Estonia Ethiopia Falkland Islands Faroe Islands Fiji Finland France French Guiana French Polynesia French Southern Terr. Gabon Gambia Georgia Germany Ghana Gibraltar United Kingdom Greece Greenland Grenada Guadeloupe Guam Guatemala Guinea Guinea-Bissau Guyana Haiti Heard/McDonald Isls. Honduras Hong Kong Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Iran Iraq Ireland Israel Italy Jamaica Japan Jordan Kazakhstan Kenya Kiribati Korea (North) Korea (South) Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Laos Latvia Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Libya Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Macau Macedonia Madagascar Malawi Malaysia Maldives Mali Malta Marshall Islands Martinique Mauritania Mauritius Mayotte Mexico Micronesia Moldova Monaco Mongolia Montserrat Morocco Mozambique Myanmar N. Mariana Isls. Namibia Nauru Nepal Netherlands Netherlands Antilles New Caledonia New Zealand Nicaragua Niger Nigeria Niue Norfolk Island Norway Oman Pakistan Palau Palestinian Territory, Occupied Panama Papua New Guinea Paraguay Peru Philippines Pitcairn Poland Portugal Puerto Rico Qatar Reunion Romania Russian Federation Rwanda Saint Kitts and Nevis Saint Lucia Samoa San Marino Sao Tome/Principe Saudi Arabia Senegal Serbia and Montenegro Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Slovak Republic Slovenia Solomon Islands Somalia South Africa Spain Sri Lanka St. Helena St. Pierre and Miquelon St. Vincent and Grenadines Sudan Suriname Svalbard/Jan Mayen Isls. Swaziland Sweden Switzerland Syria Taiwan Tajikistan Tanzania Thailand Timor-Leste Togo Tokelau Tonga Trinidad and Tobago Tunisia Turkey Turkmenistan Turks/Caicos Isls. Tuvalu Uganda Ukraine United Arab Emirates United States US Minor Outlying Is. Uruguay Uzbekistan Vanuatu Vatican City Venezuela Viet Nam Virgin Islands (British) Virgin Islands (U.S.) Wallis/Futuna Isls. Western Sahara Yemen Zambia Zimbabwe Enter your email to receive messages about offerings by Penton, its brands, affiliates and/or third-party partners, consistent with Penton's Privacy Policy. About the Author Yevgeniy Sverdlik (1281 Posts) San Francisco-based business and technology journalist. Editor in chief at Data Center Knowledge, covering the global data center industry. Related Stories Google Google Cloud Customers Can Now Use their Own Encryption Keys by Chris Burt on August 3, 2016 The Customer-Supplied Encryption Keys (CESK) option for Google’s Compute Engine has been released to general availability, the company announced Monday. Google will continue to encrypt customer content by default, but making CESK generally available allows customers to better control their data security. Google Cloud Platform (GCP) automatically uses one or more encryption… Read More Shared Google Cloud Platform to Let Customers Control Encryption Keys by David Hamilton on July 28, 2015 “Customer-Supplied Encryption Keys” feature allows customers to use their own encryption keys as a free beta feature Read More Cloud Computing Google’s Wholesale Move To Cloud and Take On Security Makes Cloud Apps Enterprise-Friendly by Jason Verge on May 15, 2015 Google is moving all of its internal apps to the cloud and changing the security in tow. Read More Cloud Computing Google Traces Sunday’s Cloud Outage to Faulty Patch by Jason Verge on March 9, 2015 Patch reportedly caused network egress issues, leading to second Compute Engine outage in less than one month Read More Google Google Boosting Encryption Between Data Centers by Rich Miller on September 9, 2013 Google says it has accelerated an initiative to encrypt data moving between its data centers, citing growing concerns about data privacy amid ongoing revelations about the code-breaking capabilities of the NSA and other global security agencies. Read More Add Your Comments Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (required) (will not be published) Website Get Daily Email News from DCK! Email* Country* Please select United States United Kingdom Canada India Netherlands Australia South Africa France Germany Singapore Sweden Brazil -------------- Afghanistan Åland Islands Albania Algeria American Samoa Andorra Angola Anguilla Antarctica Antigua and Barbuda Argentina Armenia Aruba Australia Austria Azerbaijan Bahamas Bahrain Bangladesh Barbados Belarus Belgium Belize Benin Bermuda Bhutan Bolivia Bosnia and Herzegovina Botswana Bouvet Island Brazil Brit/Indian Ocean Terr. Brunei Darussalam Bulgaria Burkina Faso Burundi Cambodia Cameroon Canada Cape Verde Cayman Islands Central African Republic Chad Chile China Christmas Island Cocos (Keeling) Islands Colombia Comoros Congo Congo, The Dem. Republic Of Cook Islands Costa Rica Côte d'Ivoire Croatia Cuba Cyprus Czech Republic Denmark Djibouti Dominica Dominican Republic Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Estonia Ethiopia Falkland Islands Faroe Islands Fiji Finland France French Guiana French Polynesia French Southern Terr. Gabon Gambia Georgia Germany Ghana Gibraltar United Kingdom Greece Greenland Grenada Guadeloupe Guam Guatemala Guinea Guinea-Bissau Guyana Haiti Heard/McDonald Isls. Honduras Hong Kong Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Iran Iraq Ireland Israel Italy Jamaica Japan Jordan Kazakhstan Kenya Kiribati Korea (North) Korea (South) Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Laos Latvia Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Libya Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Macau Macedonia Madagascar Malawi Malaysia Maldives Mali Malta Marshall Islands Martinique Mauritania Mauritius Mayotte Mexico Micronesia Moldova Monaco Mongolia Montserrat Morocco Mozambique Myanmar N. Mariana Isls. Namibia Nauru Nepal Netherlands Netherlands Antilles New Caledonia New Zealand Nicaragua Niger Nigeria Niue Norfolk Island Norway Oman Pakistan Palau Palestinian Territory, Occupied Panama Papua New Guinea Paraguay Peru Philippines Pitcairn Poland Portugal Puerto Rico Qatar Reunion Romania Russian Federation Rwanda Saint Kitts and Nevis Saint Lucia Samoa San Marino Sao Tome/Principe Saudi Arabia Senegal Serbia and Montenegro Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Slovak Republic Slovenia Solomon Islands Somalia South Africa Spain Sri Lanka St. Helena St. Pierre and Miquelon St. Vincent and Grenadines Sudan Suriname Svalbard/Jan Mayen Isls. Swaziland Sweden Switzerland Syria Taiwan Tajikistan Tanzania Thailand Timor-Leste Togo Tokelau Tonga Trinidad and Tobago Tunisia Turkey Turkmenistan Turks/Caicos Isls. Tuvalu Uganda Ukraine United Arab Emirates United States US Minor Outlying Is. Uruguay Uzbekistan Vanuatu Vatican City Venezuela Viet Nam Virgin Islands (British) Virgin Islands (U.S.) Wallis/Futuna Isls. Western Sahara Yemen Zambia Zimbabwe Enter your email to receive messages about offerings by Penton, its brands, affiliates and/or third-party partners, consistent with Penton's Privacy Policy. Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google Plus RSS Feeds Featured Cloud Articles Cold Storage in the Cloud: Comparing AWS, Google, Microsoft Top Cloud Providers Made $11B on IaaS in 2015, but It’s Only the Beginning Featured Cooling Articles Dell Designs Custom Liquid Cooling System for eBay Data Centers Yahoo Wants to Sell Its ‘Chicken Coop’ Data Center Designs Archived Articles Select Month January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 March 2009 February 2009 January 2009 December 2008 November 2008 October 2008 September 2008 August 2008 July 2008 June 2008 May 2008 April 2008 March 2008 February 2008 January 2008 December 2007 November 2007 October 2007 September 2007 August 2007 July 2007 June 2007 May 2007 April 2007 March 2007 February 2007 January 2007 December 2006 November 2006 October 2006 September 2006 August 2006 July 2006 June 2006 May 2006 April 2006 March 2006 February 2006 January 2006 December 2005 November 2005 October 2005 September 2005 August 2005 July 2005 June 2005 May 2005 Inside DCK About Us Advertise Staff Contact Us Submit News Submit Guest Column Site Map Hot Topics DCIM News Downtime HPC / Supercomputing Facebook Apple Microsoft Google Northern Virginia New York Silicon Valley North Carolina News Channels White Papers Events Calendar Virtualization Consolidation Open Compute Internet of Things Storage Convergence Disaster Recovery Managed Hosting Content Delivery Site Selection Investing Stay Connected Daily Email Newsletter RSS Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Data Center Videos Humor Webinars Hosting and Cloud Web Hosting Talk HostingCon WHIR Hosting Catalog Hottest Hosts Data Center Data Center Knowledge Data Center World AFCOM Web Development Hot Scripts DB Forums Performance Marketing ABestWeb Consumer Tech Windows Secrets Overclockers Mac Forums Penton Privacy Policy Terms of Services Advertise Hosting By: LiquidWeb Powered by Penton Copyright © Penton Thank you Thank you for providing feedback. We receive a lot of feedback/requests so we cannot always respond immediately. We will do our best to respond to your feedback.
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Politics With All Due Respect Poll Decoder Culture Caucus Podcast Masters In Politics Podcast Ad Tracker Battlegrounds 2016 Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Science + Energy Graphics Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe Andy Rubin Nears His Comeback, Complete With an ‘Essential’ Phone Android's creator is building a high-end smartphone to be the centerpiece of a series of AI-infused consumer gadgets. by Mark Gurman @markgurman More stories by Mark Gurman and Mark Bergen @mhbergen More stories by Mark Bergen January 13, 2017, 1:29 PM EST Andy Rubin Tomohiro Ohsumi/Bloomberg Just over two years after leaving Google, Andy Rubin is preparing to take on the smartphone industry he helped create. Rubin, creator of the Android operating system, is planning to marry his background in software with artificial intelligence in a risky business: consumer hardware. Armed with about a 40-person team, filled with recruits from Apple Inc. and Alphabet Inc.'s Google, Rubin is preparing to announce a new company called Essential and serve as its Chief Executive Officer, according to people familiar with the matter.  A platform company designed to tie multiple devices together, Essential is working on a suite of consumer hardware products, including ones for the mobile and smart home markets, one of the people said.  The centerpiece of the system is a high-end smartphone with a large edge-to-edge screen that lacks a surrounding bezel. At the Consumer Electronics Show in Las Vegas in early January, Rubin discussed the smartphone with mobile carrier executives, including some from Sprint Corp., people familiar with the talks said. Rubin registered Essential Products Inc. with California regulators in November 2015. In late 2016, the company registered "Essential" with the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office, listing smartphones, tablets, accessories and "computer operating software for mobile phones" among its goods and services. It's unclear if the devices will run on software based on Android.  While still in the prototyping stage, Rubin's phone is aimed at the top of the market where Apple Inc.'s iPhone and Alphabet Inc.'s new Pixel reside. It's expected to include high-end materials and the ability to gain new hardware features over time, the people said. Representatives for Rubin and Sprint declined to comment. Rubin sold Android to Google in 2005. He spent eight years at its helm at Google, turning the operating system from a tiny project into the globe's most dominant software for running mobile devices. In 2013, he stepped down from Android to form Google's robotics unit before leaving altogether in 2014. Rubin's next venture was a startup incubator called Playground Global, which backs artificial intelligence, robotics, and augmented reality projects.  Rubin is convinced AI is the next big change to ripple through the technology industry. "New computing platforms happen every 10 to 12 years," he said at the Bloomberg Technology Conference in June. "What’s the next platform?... It’s about data and people training AI systems to learn." Playground Global, which occupies a sprawling warehouse in Silicon Valley, has raised at least $300 million from big investors including Hewlett-Packard Co., Google, and Apple supplier Hon Hai Precision Industry Co. The latter, known as Foxconn, is in talks to manufacture Rubin's new smartphone, according to people familiar with the matter.  At least one prototype of Rubin's phone boasts a screen larger than the iPhone 7 Plus's (5.5-inches) but has a smaller overall footprint because of the lack of bezels, one of the people said. The startup is experimenting with enabling the phone's screen to sense different levels of pressure, similar to an iPhone, the person said. Rubin's team is testing an industrial design with metal edges and a back made of ceramic, which is more difficult to manufacture than typical smartphone materials, two of the people said.  Exclusive insights on technology around the world. Get Fully Charged, from Bloomberg Technology. Sign Up Business Your guide to the most important business stories of the day, every day. You will now receive the Business newsletter Politics The latest political news, analysis, charts, and dispatches from Washington. You will now receive the Politics newsletter Markets The most important market news of the day. So you can sleep an extra five minutes. You will now receive the Markets newsletter Pursuits What to eat, drink, wear and drive – in real life and your dreams. You will now receive the Pursuits newsletter Game Plan The school, work and life hacks you need to get ahead. You will now receive the Game Plan newsletter Essential's engineers are developing a proprietary connector that serves double duty for charging the battery and expanding the phone's functionality over time, one person familiar with the planning said. The magnetic connector would allow Essential or even third parties to create hardware accessories that add features to the smartphone. For instance, Rubin’s engineers are working on a sphere-shaped camera add-on that shoots high-resolution 360 degree photographs, the person said. Rubin is aiming to put the phone on sale around the middle of this year for a price close to that of an iPhone 7 ($649), a person familiar with the matter said, adding that all of the plans are still in flux. Technology news website The Information earlier reported Rubin was working on a phone.  Helping run the project are former Google colleagues and Apple managers, including Rebecca Zavin, Joe Tate, Linda Jiang, and Jason Keats. Zavin, a former senior Google software manager, is running software for Rubin. Keats and Tate are helping run hardware engineering, and Jiang is a key designer for Essential, according to a person familiar with the startup. Kelly Liang, a former business executive with the Google X lab, is managing business development and Brian Wallace, a former Samsung and Magic Leap executive, is leading marketing. Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Trending Now Trump Team May Move West Wing Briefings to Expand Capacity Pound Slides at Much as 1.6% as May Reported to Seek Hard Brexit Trump Team Shunning Davos Meeting of World’s Economic Elite Trump Slams NATO, Floats Russia Nuke Deal in European Interview Davos Chief Heeds Trump Win With Pledge to Tackle ‘Silent Fear’ Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
International Business Times UK UK LATEST NEWS Crime Property Culture Royalty World Latest News USA Europe Asia Africa Middle East The Americas Business LATEST NEWS Economy Companies Markets Finance Regulation Politics LATEST NEWS Fintech Latest news Blockchain Cryptocurrency Technology LATEST NEWS Smartphones Cybersecurity Innovation Social Media Games Motoring Science LATEST NEWS Space Environment Health Nature Archaeology Sport LATEST NEWS Football Tennis Golf Cricket F1 UFC Entertainment LATEST NEWS Movies Celebrity TV Music WWE Opinion LATEST NEWS Interview Analysis Reviews Video LATEST NEWS Business Technology Science Sport Entertainment Pictures LATEST NEWS Conflict Travel Arts Science Animal & Wildlife Photography Competition Log out Newsletter Signup Search Technology Innovation Google Google using machine learning to shrink large images so they load faster and take up less space Google is using artificial intelligence to help it load images on Google+ that are small yet high quality. By Mary-Ann Russon January 13, 2017 18:54 GMT Google has developed machine learning algorithms to shrink high resolution images displayed on social media while preserving image qualityGoogle Research / Andrzej Dragan Google has developed a new technology that uses artificial intelligence to shrink large images so they load on webpages faster, reducing the burden on the Google+ social network by 30%. The technology, known as Rapid and Accurate Image Super-Resolution (RAISR), makes use of a type of computer science called machine learning to train computers to estimate what the quality of an image would look like if it were high resolution and produce that result, even if the actual image file itself is low resolution. Over the past decade, the quality of cameras in smartphones has improved significantly, to the extent that many of these devices are now almost comparable to consumer point-and-shoot digital cameras. This presents a problem – if everyone is trying to upload high resolution images to social media all day long at the same time, the images will take up a huge amount of space on the server. Each time a user requests to view one of these images on their device or computer, a bit of the server's bandwidth is used up. The bigger the picture, the more the bandwidth is used up, which is what makes websites load slowly sometimes. So what can you do? Facebook and Twitter both have processes that automatically compress images as they are uploaded in order to get the files down to a size that the server can manage, but Google's researchers wanted to do better than that. Teaching computers to predict a better quality image The RAISR algorithm can also be used to enhance low resolution images to reduce pixellationGoogle Research Instead, they decided to develop computer algorithms that would enable computers to sharpen the image and enhance its contrast, because low resolution images present a big problem if you want to zoom in on still and text images on devices, and it is difficult to convert low resolution images and videos to play properly on HD screens. To do this, the researchers created a database of 10,000 pairs of images, whereby one image in each pair is high resolution, while the other image is a low-resolution copy. They then trained the AI software to look at all the images and utilise filters using two different methods, so the computer could produce a new image where the detail is of a comparable quality to the original high resolution image. The algorithms train the software to look at and detect features found in small patches of pixels in an image, such as brightness/colour gradients or flat/textured regions, by looking for the angle of an edge (the direction the line or feature is going in); how sharp the edge is (strength); and how directional the edge is (coherence). "In practice, at run-time RAISR selects and applies the most relevant filter from the list of learned filters to each pixel neighborhood in the low-resolution image. When these filters are applied to the lower quality image, they recreate details that are of comparable quality to the original high resolution, and offer a significant improvement to linear, bicubic, or Lanczos interpolation methods," the researchers wrote in a Google Research blog post about the research in November 2016. The effects of the algorithm when used on a low resolution, pixellated image three timesGoogle Research / Marc Levoy Google plans to roll out the function on Google+ and some Android devices this week, according to a new blog post by Google+ product manager John Nack. The internet giant says that RAISR has succeeded in displaying large images so that they use up 75% less bandwidth than before, and that the technology is already being applied to over 1 billion images per week. When a user wants to see a high resolution image on Google+, their device requests only a fraction of the pixels from the image stored on Google's servers, RAISR is then used to produce an image that is comparable in quality to the original image, but much lighter on bandwidth. Google's research paper on RAISR, entitled "RAISR: Rapid and Accurate Image Super Resolution" is slated to be published in the journal IEEE Transactions on Computational Imaging in the near future, but for now, a draft of the paper can be read on Cornell University Library's open source database. Read more about machine learning on IBTimes UK: Neural networks breakthrough sees computer start to think like a human for the first time How today's machine learning systems would spot another FX or Libor scandal Here's how scientists use Google's machine learning technology to protect endangered sea cows Share More Stay up to date with our daily newsletter YOU MIGHT LIKE THISSponsored Content by Taboola IBT Video Close Nintendo Switch preview: Hands-on with 1-2 Switch’s cow-milking and samurai training Columnists Ed Vaizey MP “The PM is being coy about what Brexit means because she knows that words move markets READ MORE IBT Media to host AI and Data Science in Capital Markets event AI and Data Science in Capital Markets takes place 1-2 March 2017 at... Android 7.0 Nougat tips and tricks for OnePlus 3 Check out the tips and tricks for your handset running the latest... Samsung's foldable smartphone's render shows three screens being folded into one The render indicates that users will no longer have to opt for a... 1-2 Switch preview: Cow-milking and gunslingin' in Nintendo's Joy-Con mini-game fest Our hands-on first impressions of the bizarre mini-game collection. Android creator Andy Rubin plans comeback with high-end smartphone to challenge Google and Apple The phone will be produced under a new company called Essential,... Keeper Security reveals the most common passwords of 2016 and they're embarrassingly terrible The most common password of 2016 hasn't changed from that of 2015. Nokia may join Samsung and LG in foldable smartphone race latest patent filing shows The company had earlier filed for a flexible ribbon-like battery... How businesses can learn from the first wave of AI Businesses that do not have a robust data-centric culture to drive AI... Sony Entertainment CEO Michael Lynton is leaving for Snapchat Lynton was an early investor in Snapchat and has been on the... Fintech Focus weekly Keep up with the latest in blockchain, cryptocurrency and other fintech news. Straight to your inbox every Friday. Sign up now Win an iPhone 7 About IBT Leadership Meet the team Advertise Brand Terms of service Privacy Permission Syndication Contact Editions: Australia China India Italy Japan U.K. U.S. © Copyright 2017 IBTimes Co., Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Facebook Twitter Linkedin Google Plus RSS
Sections SEO SEM Mobile Local Retail Google Bing Social Home Submit Follow Us Follow SEO SEM Mobile Local Retail Google Bing Social More Submit Follow SUBSCRIBE Subscribe Search Engine Land Pop-up Problems? Google has rolled out the mobile intrusive interstitials penalty Mobile ads Google to launch automated call extensions on Feb. 6 Subscribe to SearchCap SUBSCRIBE SEO SEM Mobile Local Retail Google Bing Social Home SEO Everything you need to know about SEO, delivered every Thursday. SUBSCRIBE A simple checklist to prep for the Google mobile-first index Columnist Bryson Meunier believes that for savvy marketers, the rollout of Google's mobile-first index will represent an opportunity -- not a threat. Bryson Meunier on January 12, 2017 at 10:15 am More Hopefully, all of you learned from “Mobilegeddon” in 2015 and “Mobilegeddon 2” in 2016 that the updates Google makes to improve the smartphone user experience for the majority of Google searchers are not the end of the world. Not even close, in fact. Still, I have seen a lot of articles focused on this topic in relation to Google’s new mobile-first index, which will be launching finally this year — almost two years after Google’s Gary Illyes referenced it at SMX West. Here’s what you need to remember in order to fully take advantage of the opportunity that is the mobile index in 2017: 1. Don’t panic You may be wondering if you need to change your canonical tags, or if rankings will change, since mobile pages typically have fewer links and content is more sparse, or if expandable mobile content will count toward ranking in a new mobile index. All of these are fair questions, and you can find the answers here on Search Engine Land or at any of these fine sites. The important thing to remember is not to panic. Google’s Paul Haahr and Gary Illyes have both gone on record as saying they expect minimal changes in search results as a result of the mobile-first index, so it’s highly unlikely that this event will be anything close to a Mobilegeddon 3. If you have a separate mobile site or use adaptive or responsive design and you follow Google’s guidelines, you’ll be fine. And if you follow the second (and last) point on this checklist, you have the potential to be even better than before. 2. Understand the mobile context and build awesome content that speaks to it Long-time readers know that I’ve been writing for years about creating content that addresses the mobile context. Over the years, I’ve shown readers how companies are using the unique capabilities of mobile to provide a better user experience for searchers on mobile devices. I discussed State Farm and eSurance recognizing that mobile searchers are more likely than desktop searchers to want information on accident help and roadsides assistance — and choosing to highlight this information on their mobile sites as a result. I mentioned Walgreens and Arby’s foregrounding the ability to find a location on their mobile home page and not on their desktop site. Most recently, I profiled Turbotax, Hotwire and Walgreens, who are all doing a phenomenal job with their content in the present, foregrounding content that matters most to mobile users. If you got a head start back in 2010 when I told you about this, that’s great; unfortunately, prior to the mobile-first index, Google was ranking websites based on desktop content and not on the mobile content, and so none of this affected mobile SEO. [Cue Sad Trombone] Fortunately, that’s changing. A few months ago, in preparation for the mobile-first index, we looked at our mobile content at Vivid Seats. We use dynamic serving to provide content based on user agent and can serve different content if we think the searcher has different needs on one platform from what they have on the other. Consider geolocation and how it is changing search behavior. In 2015, Google noted that “near me” searches had increased 34x since 2011 and had nearly doubled from 2014 to 2015. We noticed that people who go to concerts are looking for “concerts near me” about 3x more on smartphones than they are on desktops, so we made that phrase more prominent on the concert tickets page for mobile than desktop: We communicated specifically to mobile users in the text, letting them know that the results displayed are geolocated to ensure they are only concerts near their location. Because Google is only looking at desktop content currently, they don’t see this text, which is intended for mobile searchers. But when the mobile-first index arrives, this is mostly what they will see, and they will be able to understand the relevance of the page when searchers are looking for it. What content on your site can you make more relevant or attractive to mobile searchers? Don’t think just about queries, but also about content that people will share and link to. Progressive Web Apps for example, can do a lot of things on the web that were previously only available in apps. Not every brand needs a branded mobile air horn or guitar tuner, but it is an opportunity for brands to put the kind of content many of them are currently putting in native apps and placing it on the web as well. With the mobile index, this could affect SEO and site traffic in the long term. Final thoughts The mobile-first index that Google is rolling out should be more of an opportunity for marketers than a threat. Use progressive web apps to invite links to your mobile content and overindexing mobile queries to make content more relevant to truly take advantage of this upcoming mobile sea change. Some opinions expressed in this article may be those of a guest author and not necessarily Search Engine Land. Staff authors are listed here. About The Author Bryson Meunier Bryson Meunier is the SEO Director at Vivid Seats, is an SEO veteran with more than 14 years experience both agency and in-house, and is a thought leader in permission marketing as a columnist and a frequent speaker on SEO and mobile marketing. Sponsored We're listening. Have something to say about this article? Share it with us on Facebook, Twitter or our LinkedIn Group. Attend Our Conferences March 21-23, 2017: SMX West June 2017: SMX Advanced October 24-26, 2017: SMX East × Attend SMX - Click Here Learn More About Our SMX Events Gain new strategies and insights at the intersection of marketing, technology, and management. Our next conference will be held: May 9-11, 2017: MarTech San Francisco October 2-4, 2017: MarTech Boston × Attend MarTech - Click Here Learn More About Our MarTech Events Take the MarTech Quiz Think you know martech? Find out by taking this 3-minute quiz. See how you score and share it with friends! Let's Get Started White Papers Benchmark Report: 2017 State of Customer Marketing How SEO + UX Can Thrive Together Social Media ROI Template How an Insight Community Creates More Effective Brand Marketing How to Keep Your Customers From Cheating on You See More Whitepapers Webcasts 5 Disruptions Reshaping Marketing As We Know It Integrated Marketing Analytics: Creating a single source of data truth Video Marketing 2017: What You Need to Know See More Webcasts Research Reports Content Marketing Tools B2B Predictive Marketing Analytics Platforms Social Media Management Software Call Analytics Platforms Paid Media Campaign Management Platforms B2B Marketing Automation Platforms See More Research The Periodic Table of Seo Success Sign up for our daily newsletter. SUBSCRIBE Follow Us © 2017 Third Door Media, Inc. All rights reserved.
Sections MarTech CMO Social SEM SEO Mobile Analytics Display Email Retail Video Home Submit Follow Us Follow CMO Social SEM SEO Mobile Analytics Display Retail MarTech More Submit Follow SUBSCRIBE Subscribe Marketing Land Trending Story YouTube Labs pairs brands & agencies with creators Year in review Here are Marketing Land's top 10 columns of 2017 Subscribe to Marketing Day SUBSCRIBE MarTech CMO Social SEM SEO Mobile Analytics Display Email Retail Video Home SEO Everything you need to know about SEO, published jointly with Search Engine Land every Thursday. SUBSCRIBE Fetch and Horror: 3 examples of how fetch and render in GSC can reveal big SEO problems Glenn Gabe on January 13, 2017 at 1:30 pm More In May 2014, some powerful functionality debuted in the “fetch as Google” feature in Google Search Console — the ability to fetch and render. When you ask Google to fetch and render, its crawler will fetch all necessary resources so it can accurately render a page, including images, CSS and JavaScript. Google then provides a preview snapshot of what Googlebot sees versus what a typical user sees. That’s important to know, since sites could be inadvertently blocking resources, which could impact how much content gets rendered. Adding fetch and render was a big deal, since it helps reveal issues with how content is being indexed. With this functionality, webmasters can ensure that Googlebot is able to fetch all necessary resources in order for the render to be accurate; with many webmasters disallowing important directories and files via robots.txt, Googlebot might be seeing a limited view of the page. As former Googler Pierre Far said at the time, “By blocking crawling of CSS and JS, you’re actively harming the indexing of your pages.” Therefore, a technical audit isn’t a technical audit if it doesn’t include testing pages using fetch and render. Using the tool in Google Search Console (GSC), you can test both Google’s desktop and smartphone crawlers to see how Googlebot is rendering each page on your site. I’ll cover more about the mobile situation later in this post, but for now, I’ll focus on what can happen when you block resources. After checking your own pages, you might just look like this: Credit: Giphy Let’s take a closer look at three examples I’ve come across during my SEO travels. [Read the full article on Search Engine Land.] Some opinions expressed in this article may be those of a guest author and not necessarily Marketing Land. Staff authors are listed here. About The Author Glenn Gabe Glenn Gabe, president of G-Squared Interactive, is a digital marketing veteran with over 20 years of experience. Glenn currently helps clients maximize their online marketing efforts via Search Engine Optimization (SEO), Search Engine Marketing (SEM), Social Advertising, and Web Analytics. During the past 20 years, Glenn has assisted clients across a wide range of industries including consumer packaged goods (CPG), e-commerce retailers, startups, pharmaceuticals, healthcare, military, education, non-profits, online auctions, real estate, and publishing. Sponsored We're listening. Have something to say about this article? Share it with us on Facebook, Twitter or our LinkedIn Group. WATCH #SB51 TEASER ADS Attend Our Conferences March 21-23, 2017: SMX West June 2017: SMX Advanced October 24-26, 2017: SMX East × Attend SMX - Click Here Learn More About Our SMX Events Gain new strategies and insights at the intersection of marketing, technology, and management. Our next conference will be held: May 9-11, 2017: MarTech San Francisco October 2-4, 2017: MarTech Boston × Attend MarTech - Click Here Learn More About Our MarTech Events Take the MarTech Quiz Think you know martech? Find out by taking this 3-minute quiz. See how you score and share it with friends! Let's Get Started White Papers Benchmark Report: 2017 State of Customer Marketing How SEO + UX Can Thrive Together Social Media ROI Template How an Insight Community Creates More Effective Brand Marketing How to Keep Your Customers From Cheating on You See More Whitepapers Webcasts 5 Disruptions Reshaping Marketing As We Know It Integrated Marketing Analytics: Creating a single source of data truth Video Marketing 2017: What You Need to Know See More Webcasts Research Reports Content Marketing Tools B2B Predictive Marketing Analytics Platforms Social Media Management Software Call Analytics Platforms Paid Media Campaign Management Platforms B2B Marketing Automation Platforms See More Research Get our daily Marketing Day newsletter. SUBSCRIBE Follow Us © 2017 Third Door Media, Inc. All rights reserved.
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health     Science Money Video Travel Columnists Latest Headlines Science Pictures Discounts My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Google lets you book an Uber from within Maps - even if you don't have ride sharing firm's app on your phone Users can search, browse, request and pay for rides from the Google Maps app Ride service mode was released in the latest version of Google Maps Feature displays list of Uber cars and other ride sharing providers in the area By Stacy Liberatore For Dailymail.com Published: 13:24 EST, 13 January 2017 | Updated: 13:28 EST, 13 January 2017 e-mail 42 shares 15 View comments Google Maps doesn’t just want to show you where you going, it wants to help you get there. Users can now search, browse, request and pay for Uber rides directly from the Google Maps app using 'ride service mode'. Even if the Uber app isn’t installed on the device, users can still access the ride sharing service by logging in or creating an account from within Google Maps. Scroll down for videos Users can now search, browse, request and pay for Uber rides directly from the Google Maps app using 'ride service mode'. Even if the Uber app isn’t installed on the device, users can still access the ride sharing service by logging in or creating an account from within Google Maps HOW DOES IT WORK?  Google Map's new version lets search, browse, request and pay for an Uber rides directly from the app.  Users will now see a 'ride service mode' listed as an option. Simply tap the feature, add in a location and destination and you will be presented with a list of Uber drivers. The feature will list other providers in the area such as Lyft.  Even if the Uber app isn’t installed on the device, users can still access the ride sharing service by logging in or creating an account from within Google Maps.  The collaboration between Google Maps and Uber is an add-on to an integration the firms announced last year. In March, users were given the ability to compare transportation options and find the fastest way to their destination, without having to swap between apps. ‘Last year, we introduced a new ride services mode to Google Maps as a convenient option for people to easily get where they need to go,’ Sara McKinley Torti, senior product manager at Google, shared in a blog post on Thursday. ‘Since then we’ve added a number of new ride service partners in the U.S. and worldwide. ‘We’re starting to roll out an updated ride services experience to make it even easier for you to book a ride directly from Google Maps, on both Android and iOS globally.’ When users access ride service mode, instead of seeing a list of options, they will now be presented with a ‘carousel of ride service providers'. RELATED ARTICLES Previous 1 Next The MEGASHARK died out because it was a picky eater:... Is it really worth paying £280 for the Switch? MailOnline... Is this how the dinosaurs REALLY died out? Researchers... Being bilingual makes your brain more efficient and could... Share this article Share 42 shares Simply add your location, destination and just tap your preferred provider to see the list of options – users are able to choose Lyft and other ride sharing services that are available in their area. Google Map’s new feature comes just a day after Uber began rolling out its own that lets users convert meetings, social gatherings, flights and other events into trip destinations. Simply add your location, destination and just tap your preferred provider to see the list of options – users are able to choose Lyft and other ride sharing services that are available in their area Users connect Uber to their phone’s native calendar and appointments saved with an address will appear as shortcuts at the bottom of the app. ‘When you’ve got to be somewhere, every minute counts. And digging to find an address, then copying and pasting it into the Uber app doesn’t get you there any faster,’ Miraj Rahematpura, Uber associate product manager wrote in a blog post. 'Starting today, we’ll save you the hassle with the rollout of our new Calendar Shortcuts feature'. ‘With Calendar Shortcuts, Uber can assist with your planning.’ UBER'S APP REDESIGN  Uber unveiled its biggest redesign since 2012 that is said to be faster, easier to understand and more upfront with costs and travel time. The new update also gets rid of one annoying feature – all the different car options. Uber merged the different vehicles into three groups: Economy (which includes UberPool and UberX), Premium (Uber Select and town cars), Extra Seats (extra-large cars and SUVs), and More (for those who need a child’s car seat or a wheelchair-accessible vehicle). Users swipe through the four options and choose which type of car they want – the app also shows how much the ride will cost for each one. The ride-hailing giant said its technology will also remember customer's most visited places in order to increase pick-up and drop-off times - the system taps into digital calendars on your smartphone to learn your daily routine.  ‘After all, we designed the new rider app around you—and our core beliefs that time is a luxury and that the information you need should always be at your fingertips.’ To get started, simply connect your smartphone’s native calendar to the Uber app. This can be done by selecting Settings and then Calendar Events in the app’s or via a card in the Uber feed. However, the only events that will appear at the bottom are ones that you saved with an address. Uber is only rolling out Calendar Shortcuts to iOS users and expects it to be worldwide over the next few days – Android is set to receive the update soon.    Share or comment on this article e-mail 42 shares Most watched News videos Gloria Williams waves extradition for kidnapping Kamiyah Mobley Kitesurfer unaware of great white shark swimming below Disgusting moment cyst puss eruption covers cell phone Enraged kick-boxer strikes husband's mistress NINE times 2017's luckiest man: Pedro Grendene Bartelle win's $3.5m Man takes his cat Weston Sledding in the snow Sheep attack shepherd after being frightened by a car in Germany She's falling for him? Girl gets 'pushed off ledge in prank' video NYPD searching for six teens who beat up a woman in Brooklyn Black PhD student is beaten and cuffed by police Female bullfighter is mounted by young bull Semi truck clips snow plow in Spanish Fork Canyon 'Liberal snowflake' Hollywood stars come under fire for... US Army soldier based at Fort Hood is found dead - making... Opera star Andrea Bocelli backs out of singing at Trump's... Did she know? Cops says teen suspected she was kidnapped as... Reunited at last! Teen meets her biological parents for... Meghan meets Kate: Prince Harry 'has introduced his... 'I was in a bathrobe NAKED underneath and they pushed me... Did D.B. Cooper work for BOEING? New analysis found on... You're hired: Two soldiers do their best Donald Trump and... Zoe Saldana says 'cocky and arrogant' Hollywood actors... 'I'm not talking about pee-pee': Alec Baldwin mercilessly... Full-time royal Prince William will do LESS than his father:... MOST READ NEWS Previous Next ● ● ● Comments (15) Share what you think Newest Oldest Best rated Worst rated  View all The comments below have not been moderated.  View all The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline. Add your comment Enter your comment By posting your comment you agree to our house rules. Submit Comment Clear Who is this week's top commenter? Find out now More top stories Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail Download our iPhone app Download our Android app Today's headlines Most Read First came Fitbit exercise trackers for humans... now 'Fitbark' claims to be the way to get your FAT FIDO... The MEGASHARK died out because it was a picky eater: Researchers say megalodon was unable to change its diet... Our microbe ancestors revealed: Scientists may have finally found where complex life came from What Earth will look like in 250 million years: Simulations show new MEGACONTINENT called Amasia... Incredible images reveal how eruptions from Alaska's Bogoslof volcano have transformed the island in just... Is this how the dinosaurs REALLY died out? Researchers reconstruct the dark and frozen conditions on Earth... Screen time is GOOD for teen brains: Why 257 minutes is the 'sweet spot' before computers damage mental... What's REALLY in your sushi? Study finds almost half of fish are mislabeled in restaurants Can YOU recognise cities around the world just by sound? Fascinating interactive quiz may baffle even... Want to stick to your New Year resolutions? Move house, say scientists  Breakthrough in fixing a broken heart: Researchers use stem cells to regenerate the outer layer of organ in... SpaceX finances 'on a knife edge' following disastrous rocket explosion - and Elon Musk is relying on... Android inventor Andy Rubin to take on Apple and Google with new smartphone and 'home AI' products ISIS is increasingly modifying home drones to drop bombs - and US troops say they now see them in Mosul... Space mountain: Astronaut shares stunning out of this world shot of the Rockies from the ISS MORE HEADLINES The biggest storm in the universe: Stunning new NASA image reveals Jupiter's 'great red spot' megastorm in unprecedented detail Incredible images reveal how eruptions from Alaska's Bogoslof volcano have transformed the island in just two decades Is this how the dinosaurs REALLY died out? Researchers reconstruct the dark and frozen conditions on Earth after asteroid megastrike The MEGASHARK died out because it was a picky eater: Researchers say megalodon was unable to change its diet after its favourite whales died out Is it really worth paying £280 for the Switch? MailOnline gives its verdict on Nintendo's latest console ISIS is increasingly modifying home drones to drop bombs - and US troops say they now see them in Mosul every DAY Our microbe ancestors revealed: Scientists may have finally found where complex life came from You've been feeding your cat wrong: Scientists say you should give it food 5 TIMES a day to stop it getting fat The terrifying moment a rattlesnake attacks a rat is captured in slow-motion for the first time Breakthrough in fixing a broken heart: Researchers use stem cells to regenerate the outer layer of organ in groundbreaking research Did complex life come from BACTERIA? Researchers say virus infections could have sparked them being reprogrammed to become animal cells Want to stick to your New Year resolutions? Move house, say scientists  MOST READ IN DETAIL     Femail Today PICTURE EXCLUSIVE Kourtney Kardashian, 37, wears a sheer bra for late-night rendezvous with former flame Justin Bieber, 22 The May-December duo Bikini-clad Billie Lourd holds hands with Taylor Lautner on sunshine break after the death of mother Carrie Fisher In mourning for her mother and grandmother PICTURE EXCLUSIVE Kristin Cavallari relaxes in a bikini as she hires a yacht to celebrate Jay Cutler's 30th She has three young children Looking bootyful! Kim Kardashian shows off her shapely rear in a form fitting white dress in Dubai She's officially back at work Revealed: Kim Kardashian told police how masked thug grabbed her while she was NAKED under bathrobe during $10m Paris robbery  Katy Perry debuts dramatic blonde dye-job as she surprise Orlando Bloom with a secret 40th birthday bash in Palm Springs Surprising her beau  Church time! Gwen Stefani, 47,  is a model mom in plaid as she attends worship services with her three sons Quality family time One piece wonder! Kelly Bensimon, 49, flaunts her figure in sexy black one piece with hip side cutouts Proves you don't need a bikini to look sexy Katie Holmes and daughter Suri don floral ensembles to shop for groceries The 38-year-old actress filled her shopping cart with essentials  Prince George 'WON'T attend the same school as his father as Kate and William opt for smaller, more discreet pre-prep closer to Kensington Palace'  Getting pizza all over her frock, 'shooing away' a waitress and interrupting interviews: Nicole Kidman's 'bizarre behaviour' at the Golden Globes revealed 'I don't want to be at the center of attention': Amanda Seyfried opens up about her upcoming wedding to Thomas Sadoski as she stuns on Vogue Australia cover Packing up! Anti-Trump protesters plan demonstration outside the New York City home of Ivanka Trump and Jared Kushner to 'Help Ivanka Move'  'I will be ok!' Priyanka Chopra updates fans on Twitter after dangerous fall on Quantico set left her with concussion Was hospitalized after nasty incident  Ariana Grande showcases her slender pins in sexy Instagram to promote her Dangerous Woman Tour Shared the sultry shots on social media  Meghan meets Kate: Prince Harry 'has introduced his girlfriend to Duchess of Cambridge at Kensington Palace'  Also met Charlotte  Want some presidential neighbors? House just one block away from the Obamas and Ivanka's future homes in a DC suburb hits market for $5.75m Hello YELLOW! It lit up the red carpet at the Golden Globes and Emma Stone's dress in La La Land made quite a splash, now you can brighten your wardrobe 'No greater blessing than family!' Ciara's boy supports stepdad Russell Wilson's team... while his birth father Future backs the other side Prince William will give up his career as a helicopter pilot to become a full-time royal - but still won't do as much as his 68-year-old father  Wet 'n' wild! Alessandra Ambrosio displays her flawless physique in very tiny black bikini as she enjoys a dip in the sea in Brazil The Queen and Prince Philip are joined by Lord Snowdon's son as they attend church at Sandringham - just two days after the royal photographer's death Moving Swift-ly on? Giggling Tom Hiddleston is spotted bidding farewell to a mystery brunette during evening stroll back in London Taylor Swift's ex My nerve-shredding odyssey to adopt my little girl: As Nicole Kidman's new movie highlights India's orphanages, one mother shares her story 'I'm not talking about pee-pee': Alec Baldwin mercilessly mocks Trump over Russian golden shower scandal with stream of bathroom humor jokes on SNL Zoe Saldana says 'cocky and arrogant' Hollywood actors 'bullied' Donald Trump during the election Words of support from the actress  Wrestling legend Jimmy 'Superfly' Snuka dies aged 73 days after murder charge was dropped over death of his ex-girlfriend  He had stomach cancer 'He wants to be emperor': How Mark Zuckerberg 'quotes Greek legend' to Facebook staff as friends say he is primed to run for president in 2024 'People need to see a new side to pregnancy': Pregnant lesbian hits out at online bullies who criticized her for looking 'masculine' and wearing 'boy clothes'  How to dress like a grown up: Dry January should apply to clothes shopping too!  Your wardrobe is a team - all items must work together to survive 'She is smitten': Amber Heard said to be besotted with billionaire Elon Musk... as she prepares for 'new chapter' following Johnny Depp divorce 'We are beautiful the way we are': Photographer captures images of 40 'real' women in their underwear in bid to change perceptions  Dressed down Kylie Jenner giggles as she enjoys a night out at a burger joint with boyfriend Tyga Kylie proves she's a cheap date PJ-clad Jessica Alba kisses husband Cash Warren at his birthday bash The 35-year-old Golden Globe nominee puckered up Making a stellar appearance! Nicole Richie snuggles up in star-spangled unicorn onesie at pyjama party Celebrating Cash Warren's 38th birthday  'Pajama jammy jam!' Kourtney Kardashian cuddles up to Kim's bestie Chrissy Teigen at Cash Warren's star-studded PJ party Best of friends How to look as good as the French in lingerie: The secret's a whole new way of thinking about your body shape  In Paris, lingerie is not just underwear   Couples reveal what changed most after they moved in together (and their sometimes bizarre ways of making their relationships work)   Amanda Seyfried shows off her bump in a grey sweater on outing with fiancé Thomas Sadoski She confirmed her first pregnancy in November A royal faux pas? The Crown's Matt Smith spotted smoking 'suspicious looking cigarette' outside a London pub while on a night out with pals  'Back in action': Yolanda Hadid shares behind the scenes shot as she joins daughter Gigi on Tommy Hilfiger shoot Sneak peek 'Spray tan lyfe!' Ashley Graham strips down to her bikini as she flaunts her freshly tanned figure The plus-size stunner is a positive body image activist Celebs celebrate the closure of Ringling Bros. circus with PETA activist Pamela Anderson claiming victory that the 'saddest show on earth' is finishing after 146 years  She's back! Kim Kardashian is her old self again as she sits astride a buggy and poses with a falcon on Dubai modelling shoot Posing up a storm It's Kueen Kim! Kardashian is treated to a dance display as she gets the royal welcome in Dubai She is doing a make-up tutorial in the Middle East Lewis Hamilton turns heads in bright yellow hoodie while arriving at LAX... as Mercedes is set to clarify its position on Valterri Bottas' proposed switch  Always camera ready! Jennifer Lopez turns shopping trip into a modelling shoot as she poses against a wall  She's always camera-ready Tamara Ecclestone shares cute pictures of her daughter Sophia, 2, showing off her skiing skills before enjoying a pony ride in Gstaad F1 heiress Nip and tuck with Dr Tracy Mountford: Is there such a thing as a non-surgical eyelift?   Often, a surgical eyelift or a brow lift (or a gives the most long-lasting result Three generations of Beckham! David returns to Old Trafford with son Cruz and dad Ted as the trio watch Manchester United take on Liverpool Soccer game outing 'Disclaimer: I am not Deadpool!' Meet the OTHER Ryan Reynolds, a 29-year-old mayor of a tiny village in upstate New York He's not the actor Beefcake in Milan! Paris Hilton cosies up to muscle-bound models at Plein Sport runway show The reality TV icon turns 36 next month PJ-clad Jessica Alba plays beer pong at husband Cash Warren's birthday bash The 35-year-old Golden Globe nominee shared a clip Bare-faced beauty! Chloe Moretz keeps it casual in ripped sweatshirt and leggings The 19-year-old actress proved she doesn't need make-up or fancy clothes How YOU can shift your midlife middle! FEMAIL meets the trainer who says she has the secret, especially if you hate the gym, and promises results in SEVEN days Judy Garland slashed her own throat with a razor in the grip of chronic drug addiction, reveals her ex-husband  Sid Luft once found her semiconscious Anguish for George Michael's family as police hunt for more visitors to star's home before his death and former lover reveals addiction to COCA-COLA 'You just don't feel sexy!' The Hills star Audrina Patridge dishes on her love life after birth of baby daughter Kirra Motherhood secrets Brad Pitt looks relaxed as he hangs out with Sting and Chris Cornell at star-studded EB disease benefit in Malibu Saturday night in California 'Do you love her and do you know she wants to marry you?' How President Obama's advice for marital bliss brought together two grooms  Thrill seeker! Ariel Winter squeals with delight as she takes her niece to Disneyland on her sixth birthday She was treating her niece to a day out Wealthy Chinese and Russian couples snap up replicas of Princess Diana's sapphire and diamond engagement ring  Orders have soared Plaid to see you! Pregnant Natalie Portman covers her large baby bump in a stylish checked jacket as she goes for leisurely park stroll Hunky dory: Hollywood heartthrobs Chris Hemsworth and Matt Damon catch up over dinner in LA with Chris' wife Elsa Pataky Outside LA's Catch  He doesn't do things by halves! Rocco Ritchie can't contain his laughter as he breaks his skateboard in two while out and about in London Mariah Carey sports plunging LBD as she and toyboy Bryan Tanaka step out in London Has been enjoying time across the pond and a break from social media How Melania Trump dazzled her way to the (very) White House: Glamorous Slovenian has been rehearsing for years to become America's First Lady 'Thanks Uncle Snoop!' Miley Cyrus poses by a marijuana bar at weed-themed birthday party for boyfriend Liam Hemsworth Was a 'joint' shindig  Some helping hands! Blac Chyna heads to the mall with TWO nannies to help look after son King Cairo and baby Dream Family shopping trip  Kim Kardashian's former bodyguard breaks his silence on Paris robbery and says he's 'not avoiding anything' about the heist or WHY he was sacked Blac Chyna in the red? Star threatened with lawsuit for $3million in 'unpaid fees' as 'longtime managers' claim she 'cut them out' of lucrative deals Bottoms up! Kirsten Dunst flaunts her toned pins and perky derriere in skintight denims as she hides her jaw-dropping engagement ring in LA 'Observe the moment you feel truly happy': Chloe Lattanzi pens inspirational quote while flaunting cleavage after $415,000 Barbie doll transformation Heard what James said? Pierce Brosnan looks stern during press conference... after chatshow host Corden labels him 'rudest' celebrity Lindsay Lohan cuts a chic figure in a quirky dog print co-ord as she enjoys a night out with a male friend in Milan   With Italian reality star Tommaso Zorzi Spellbinding! Jessica Biel shows off her shapely legs in cut-out skirt as she attends premiere party for Just Add Magic Married to Justin Timberlake Love is in the air! Matthew McConaughey looks casually cool in a stylish camel coat as he and wife Camilla Alves jet over to New York City At the airport Christina Milian flaunts her ample cleavage in a saucy ensemble as she parties with BFF Karrueche Tran Heading out to Bootsy Bellows on the Sunset Strip Piers Morgan will interview former Ukip leader Nigel Farage on Life Stories... and declares that it will be the 'best TV' viewers have ever seen Fun for all the family! Vanessa Paradis and new boyfriend Samuel Benchetrit appear downcast as they take Lily Rose Depp for a day of shopping in Paris Run Daniel, run! James Bond star Craig makes a dash for it through the busy streets to make it to the New York Theater in time for his performance in Othello 'Happy birthday, Uncle!' Chris Hemsworth's four-year-old daughter makes a cute card for uncle Liam as the actor celebrates turning 27  Messages poured in  Lily James cuts a concerned figure as she talks on the phone...after boyfriend Matt Smith is spotted 'smoking suspicious cigarette'  Downton Abbey actress Suki Waterhouse flaunts her tanned and toned physique in a skimpy bikini as she jogs along the beach in Mexico Went for a run Young model admits Crohn's disease has 'torn apart' her life - as she says the debilitating illness has caused her to lose her social life, car and even her career Tina Fey pays tribute to Carrie Fisher as she appears in hologram form on Saturday Night Live Admits she was 'nervous' about the gig Lisa Rinna, 53, sizzles in skintight leather trousers alongside her model daughter Delilah, 18, as they dine in LA The former Days Of Our Lives actress  Victoria Beckham 'takes legal action to block Spice Girls reunion'... as Geri Horner announces she's leaving GEM to focus on her family Woman in white! Zoe Kravitz keeps it crisp at Elle's Women in Television event as she displays her svelte figure in an all-white ensemble from tip to toe Sylvester Stallone's daughters Sophia, 20, and Sistine, 18, sizzle in black ensembles alongside their mother Jennifer at star-studded Dolce & Gabbana party Candace Cameron Bure showcases new darker auburn locks in plunging gown at Hallmark party The actress showcased her stunning new hair  'Falcons got Future!' Ciara's ex pops up on the sidelines as her husband Russell Wilson plays losing NFL game A photo emerged on Twitter  'He's our little mascot': Dev Patel reveals the close bond he developed with eight-year-old Sunny Pawar on the set of Lion  Lot of love Orange you glad she came! Shailene Woodley sizzles in vibrant statement coat at star-studded Elle's Women in Television bash Make-up free Kate Hudson bundles up in all black with red cap as she steps out with Kurt Russell in Beverly Hills Almost Famous star opted for comfort  Progress report! Justin Bieber checks in on protégé Madison Beer over dinner at trendy Catch LA The Baby singer wore a Supreme sweatshirt 'It's an uphill struggle': Sienna Miller reveals she hasn't filmed a movie for a year claiming there 'aren't many great roles for women' White hot! Hailey Baldwin shows off her taut tummy wearing white mesh in stunning retro swimsuit shots Flaunted her fabulous physique  Julianne Hough puts her abs on display in red sports bra as she and brother Derek hit the gym Are a pair of very toned siblings  Classic colors! Reese Witherspoon and Nicole Kidman shine in black and white ensembles at Elle's Women in Television celebration Stunned in black  Pajama party! Chrissy Teigen and John Legend rock ridiculous chicken themed onesies in hilarious snaps Couple showed off their outlandish get-ups  'Good luck daddy' Tom Brady shares a sweet kiss with his daughter ahead of critical Patriots game His own little good luck charm  Smitten by the fantasy castle in Kate and Wills' Alpine playground: Why this gorgeous 'palace-rated' hotel in glitzy Courchevel is the stuff of dreams From Hollywood to Bollywood! Ruby Rose reveals she has ambitions to cut it in Asian market New film xXx: Return of Xander Cage is out 'My babies': Blac Chyna cuddles up to newborn daughter Dream and King Cairo in sweet Instagram video Shared the endearing clip with her fans Another baby on the way! Jeff Goldblum, 64, is expecting second child with wife Emilie Livingston, 33 Pair announced exciting news on Instagram  EXCLUSIVE: Shock for Harry's girl: Meghan Markle's BROTHER is arrested and charged with holding a gun to his girlfriend's head 'in violent, drunken row' Pink throws daughter Willow Sage celebratory 'big sister party' as she lovingly cradles newborn son Jameson Moon Opera star Andrea Bocelli backs out of singing at Trump's inauguration after receiving death threats Was rumored to be one of the acts performing  Spot the rock! Kate Mara flashes ring as it emerges she is engaged to Fantastic Four co-star Jamie Bell The band was glinting on her left hand  'I wish R.I.P. meant Return If Possible': Celine Dion unveils powerful new a cappella song in tribute to late husband Rene one year after his death 'HAPPY Z DAY'! Taylor Swift celebrates Zayn Malik's birthday by teasing their Fifty Shades Darker music video Sneak peak Khloe Kardashian's trainer spills the secrets to getting the reality star's enviable body - including countless squats, 'sled pushing' and intense boxing Fierce fashion instincts! Mandy Moore rocks chic animal print gown at Elle's Women in Television honors Joined ladies of the small screen Seeking comfort from her sister! Bella Hadid visits Gigi in snowy NYC after her ex The Weeknd is spotted kissing Selena Gomez Supportive family unit 'Grooming day!': Jenna Dewan Tatum shows off flawless make-up free face during futuristic-like skin session Has radiant skin 'Current mood': Naomi Watts shares flashack photo of herself as a bored schoolgirl in Brides of Christ as she complains about being on set past midnight  Back in a skintight minidress! Kim Kardashian is curvy in a cream number as she continues touring Dubai after $1,600 makeup masterclass Selena Gomez and The Weeknd's romance didn't break the friend code with Bella Hadid... because 'they're only acquaintances' Did she break the rules? Pretty in pink! Lindsay Lohan steps out in sexy silky ensemble in Milan The 30-year-old former wild-child was spotted looking pretty in pink as she left her hotel in Italy Girls' shopping trip! Katie Holmes takes daughter Suri Cruise to children's clothing store in LA Spent some quality time with her children  Channing Tatum and wife Jenna Dewan coordinate in baseball hats with jeans while running errands with daughter Everly, three Enjoyed family time  'Revenge Body? It's a no from me': Young woman who battled an eating disorder for six years says Khloe Kardashian's new show is 'a step backward'  Lamar Odom says the first he knew of his near fatal drugs overdose was waking up to find Khloé Kardashian at his side in hospital Scary realization  Fits like a glove! Viola Davis stuns in form-fitting teal dress during the London preview of Fences Golden Globe winner can command attention Back to where it all began! Megan Marx and Tiffany Scanlon confirm they are moving to Bali together as they reveal their unusual packing list PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Victoria Beckham wraps up in winter white polo neck as she enjoys girly day shopping with daughter Harper Returned from vacation 'She was her enemy': Elizabeth Taylor 'disliked' Sophia Loren as she feared the siren could steal love Richard Burton away, new book claims One Direction's Louis Tomlinson praises former bandmate Zayn Malik as he wins two nominations at 2017 BRIT Awards Richard Gere and longtime friend the Dalai Lama are spotted in deep conversation in India on the final day of religious event Kalachakra She's back! Mandy Moore returns as Rapunzel in new Tangled: Before Ever After trailer Sneak peak for the sequel released  'I don't apologize': Toby Keith defends his decision to perform at Donald Trump's  inauguration... as Jennifer Holliday backs out Mad about plaid! Melissa McCarthy, 46, shows off thinner frame in bright pantsuit as she reacts to Gilmore Girls' shocking conclusion Press tour  Susan Sarandon looks chic in all black as she attends panel for docu-series Killing Richard Glossip  Hit the stage as part of the panel  Blushing beauty! Karrueche Tran shows off feminine style in pleated dress as she joins Claws co-stars at the TNT TCAs Stunning shape  Getting ready for Washington DC! Caitlyn Jenner grabs a coffee as she prepares for her appearance at Donald Trump's inauguration Rocked a knitted top Celebrities come under fire from Trump supporters for 'pathetic' and 'uncool' video singing 'I Will Survive' before the Donald's inauguration Move over sisters! Kendall Jenner steals the Kardashian spotlight with racy HEADLESS bikini selfie that forces followers to check out her body Covered up for a change! Ariel Winter dresses down in casual white tee to take care of morning chores Took a step back from her provocative snaps  GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Harry and Meghan are set to slope off for a romantic break... but poor old William may miss his Alpine adventure with Kate  Knowles... Run The World!  Beyonce and Solange go will compete for Best International Female Solo Artist 2017 BRIT Award Sisters are slaying! Sofia Richie flaunts lace bra and washboard abs in coordinated tracksuit as she attends Moschino Milan fashion show with Paris Hilton Partying up a storm  Victoria's Secret supermodel Karlie Kloss is heading back to Australia as it's announced she will make her runway debut for David Jones So Royals do carry cash - and wear on-trend trainers! Duke of Kent, 81, withdraws wads of notes from an ATM near his Kensington home  Revealed, Lulu's guilty pleasure... HEAVY METAL: Scottish pop icon plans to unleash her inner rock goddess  She's even considered the different career path Kelly Rowland is relaxed in jeans and a sweater as she totes son Titan during lunch outing in Beverly Hills She is set to be a judge on The Voice Australia  How DID photographer Harry Benson get Donald Trump to look like a million dollars and make monkeys out of The Beatles? By being the original... Flash Harry LIZ JONES: Trust me Madonna, Cheryl and Wendi Deng, you'll NEVER find true love with a toy boy  Madonna's new toy boy, , is 32 years her junior. 'I did advise': Brian Blessed warned George Lucas about Jar Jar Binks when filming Phantom Menace... and insists Alec Guinness did not hate Star Wars Mark Hamill reads Donald Trump tweet using The Joker voice in hilarious audio clip after Meryl Streep Golden Globes speech Why so serious, Don? Date night! Ireland Baldwin holds hands with boyfriend Noah Schweizer in West Hollywood while showing off her long legs in mini skirt From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more GADGET REVIEWS Is it really worth paying £280 for the Switch? MailOnline gives its verdict on Nintendo's latest console While the design is impressive and easy to use, the game line up is disappointing. Google's Daydream: The $79 headset that could bring VR to the masses Google's $79 headset is superb in terms of hardware - but is currently let down by a lack of apps. However, it has absolutely huge potential to finally bring VR to the masses. Welcome Home: Google's $130 smart speaker Google's smart Home speaker still has a lot of learning to do, and loses out to Amazon's Echo in some areas - but has incredible potential 'Not quite an iPhone replacement': Google's Pixel phone Google's Pixel handset is good, and boasts an amazing camera and smart assistant. It's the king of the Android handsets - but still not great. Xbox One S review: Console that will make your 4K TV shine Microsoft's Xbox One S has shrunk the giant console by 40%, and is stunningly designed console with 4K HDR capabilities - but comes with some caveats. The $1,000 wireless speaker that really IS worth the price: Naim Mu-so Qb review Naim's incredible Mu-So Qb takes you back to the good old days - where the music captivates and enthralls, rather that simply being something in the background. The hi-tech $2,000 spin bike that really could change your life Peloton's hi-tech bike lets you stream live and on demand rides to your home - and it's one of the best examples of fitness technology out there - at a price. Apple's new 9.7inch iPad Pro is a powerhouse you can take anywhere Apple has added a few improvements to the smaller version, creating a tablet that is astonishingly powerful, but, unlike its big brother, is something you'll be able to carry everywhere. A familiar old friend that could be the perfect starter phone: Dailymail.com's verdict on the iPhone SE The new iPhone SE has a 4inch screen and familiar design - but has had a huge upgrade on the inside, making this a perfect first time iPhone. Speaker that looks as good as its sounds: B&W Zeppelin Wireless review It's not cheap, but the $699 (£500) Zeppelin Wireless is perfect for the design conscious music fan. The iPad grows up: Apple's iPad Pro The iPad Pro is, for many, a real laptop replacement - and a way to combine work and play in a gadget that will last all day and won't break your back to carry. 'A glimpse into the future of the living room': The new Apple TV Apple says apps are the future of TV, and while its new $149 box does have some issues, its combination of streaming services, games and other apps make it the best way to make your TV smart. The best all in one wireless speaker you'll ever hear: Naim Mu-so review It might not be a name familiar to the US market, but Naim is a legendary British brand hoping to make a splash with the American launch of its $1499 Mu:So speaker. From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more Download our iPhone app Download our Android app Next story Did complex life come from BACTERIA? Researchers say virus infections could have sparked them being reprogrammed to become animal cells 39 comments 1 video SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
GoodGearGuide TwitterFacebookGoogle+Log In Phones & Tablets Smartphones Tablets & eBook readers Apps Broadband Computers Laptops/Notebooks Desktop PCs Monitors PC Components Networking Printers & Imaging Servers & Storage Software & services Security Gadgets Gadgets Home GPS & Car Tech MP3 Players Headphones Wearables Business Centre Business Centre Home Mobility & Wireless Networking Office Hardware Security Servers & Storage Whitepapers Home Entertainment Home Entertainment TVs Projectors Games Cameras Digital Cameras Digital Video Action Cameras Mirrorless Cameras Cars Shop Good Gear Guide > News > Google's adding native Chrome support for FLAC los... Google's adding native Chrome support for FLAC lossless audio files Google's Chrome browser will be able to play FLAC files by the end of January—as will Firefox. Ian Paul (PC World (US online)) on 14 January, 2017 02:25 0 - - - - print email Google is adding a little treat for audiophiles in the next version of Chrome. Chrome 56, which is expected to roll out by the end of January, is coming with native support for FLAC (Free Lossless Audio Codec) audio files meaning you can play the high-quality sound files directly in the browser, as first noticed by 9to5Google. Chrome isn’t the only browser rolling native FLAC support into its feature set. Mozilla is also adding FLAC support to Firefox 51, which is scheduled for mainstream release around January 24. Ian Paul A FLAC file playing in Chrome for Windows. The current version of Chrome’s FLAC support isn’t particularly robust or beautiful to look at. If you select to playback a FLAC file with Chrome it will start playing in its own tab with a basic player. The playback window won’t include album artwork or anything else to look at, just a simple black background. Ian Paul FLAC playback in Chrome OS. FLAC support is already live in Chrome OS version 55 on Chromebooks. Click on a FLAC file in Chrome OS and it opens in the system’s audio player complete with album art. The impact on you at home: Many programs can play FLAC in Windows 10 thanks to the operating system’s native support for the codec. Mac users, however, aren’t so lucky and must turn to third-party software such as VLC or (soon) Chrome. While not a good visual experience, FLAC in Chrome could be useful on a Mac for those times you need a quick and easy way to hear a FLAC file. It’s not clear if the audio support is making its way to Chrome on iOS, but if it does it would be useful there where native FLAC support is also absent. Top 3 Reasons to Own a NAS More from Synology Join the Good Gear Guide newsletter! Join Error: Please check your email address. Tags chrome Our Back to Business guide highlights the best products for you to boost your productivity at home, on the road, at the office, or in the classroom. Keep up with the latest tech news, reviews and previews by subscribing to the Good Gear Guide newsletter. Ian Paul PC World (US online) Tweet Print this article Email this article Show Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Broadband Speed Test Cool Tech GS63VR Stealth Pro Learn more > Nighthawk X10 Learn more > Crucial Ballistix Elite 32GB Kit (4 x 8GB) DDR4-3000 UDIMM Learn more > Garmin fenix Chronos Learn more > 360Fly 4K Camera Learn more > Gadgets & Things Ehang 184 Learn more > Lexar® Professional 1000x microSDHC™/microSDXC™ UHS-II cards Learn more > Google Daydream View Learn more > Arlo Smart Home Security Cameras Learn more > Crucial® MX300 Solid State Drive Learn more > Family Friendly Lexar® JumpDrive® S57 USB 3.0 flash drive  Learn more > Google Pixel XL Learn more > Parrot Mambo Drone Learn more > VR ONE 6RE-013AU Learn more > Orbi WiFi System Learn more > Stocking Stuffer Clamcase for iPad Pro 9.7-inch Learn more > Brother PocketJet Printer Learn more > Plox Star Wars Death Star Levitating Bluetooth Speaker Learn more > Lexar® JumpDrive® C20i flash drive  Learn more > 3SIXT HD Sports Action Camera Learn more > Christmas Gift Guide Click for more › Most Popular Reviews 1 ​Star Wars Death Star Bluetooth levitating rotating speaker review 2 ​Finally! LG OLED TV 2016 range review 3 ​Fetch TV Mighty review: Better than Foxtel 4 ​Fetch TV Mini review: Make your TV a smart TV 5 ​Panasonic Viera DX900U UHD 4K smart TV review Latest News Articles Dash cam review: The Garmin Dash Cam 35 is a little bigger and better for the price Dash cam review: The Cobra CDR895D Drive HD offers affordable dual-channel video Dash cam review: The Thinkware F770 works with your smartphone Dash cam review: Garmin's DriveAssist 50LMT is first-class almost all the way Dash cam review: The Viofo A119 is a surprisingly good bargain Resources Business Centre The latest business news, reviews, features and whitepapers Online Shop Visit our shop for the best deals on hot products Videos Watch our video news and reviews from around the world Guides Comprehensive buying guides, features, and step-by-step articles GGG Evaluation Team Kathy Cassidy STYLISTIC Q702 First impression on unpacking the Q702 test unit was the solid feel and clean, minimalist styling. Anthony Grifoni STYLISTIC Q572 For work use, Microsoft Word and Excel programs pre-installed on the device are adequate for preparing short documents. Steph Mundell LIFEBOOK UH574 The Fujitsu LifeBook UH574 allowed for great mobility without being obnoxiously heavy or clunky. Its twelve hours of battery life did not disappoint. Andrew Mitsi STYLISTIC Q702 The screen was particularly good. It is bright and visible from most angles, however heat is an issue, particularly around the Windows button on the front, and on the back where the battery housing is located. Simon Harriott STYLISTIC Q702 My first impression after unboxing the Q702 is that it is a nice looking unit. Styling is somewhat minimalist but very effective. The tablet part, once detached, has a nice weight, and no buttons or switches are located in awkward or intrusive positions. Good Gear Guide Evaluation Team Featured Content The top 10 best and worst tech gadgets and products of 2016 ​Best phone of the year 2016 TV of the year award 2016 Which flagship TV is best? Sony 4K HDR Bravia 2016 versus LG 4K HDR OLED 2016 10 Blu-ray movies / Best looking Blu-ray movies Latest Jobs Latest Jobs FTBrand Marketing Manager - Premium Entertainment BrandNSW FTJava DeveloperNSW FTProduction control - batch schedulingNSW CCSenior C++ Software EngineerVIC FTSenior AEM Consultant - Public SectorACT CCOrganisational Change ManagerACT FTNode.js/API DeveloperNSW CCCommunications OfficerACT CCLead DevOps Architect l AWS- Cloud- Linux- Puppet Ansible- JIRA-DatadogNSW CCTest Automation ArchitectQLD FTNational Manager of Security - We are looking for a strong Leader - Syd CBDNSW FTSecurity IPS Engineer - Permanent - IT Services - SydneyNSW FTIT Information Security AdvisorNSW TPSenior Project Manager - Digital Application CX TransformationNSW CCTelco Program ManagerVIC CCTraining DeveloperACT CCITCM Technical Specialist - SydneyNSW TPSAP Implementation Manager - Finance System ProjectQLD FTSecurity Incident / SOC Analyst (Tier 1) - Permanent - North Ryde BasedNSW FTTSM SpecialistNSW FTTechnical Support EngineerACT CCSenior Solution ArchitectVIC TPSenior|Principal SAP HR Functional ConsultantQLD FTSenior Java DeveloperNSW TPTechnical Solutions Architect-Dynamics CRMVIC Back to top • Home Share this article: Twitter Facebook Google+ Log In Don’t have an account? Sign up here Product Categories Broadband Desktop PCs Digital Cameras Digital Video Gadgets Games GPS & Car Entertainment Headphones Home Appliances Home Entertainment Mobile Phones Monitors MP3 Players Networking Notebooks PC Components Printers & Scanners Projectors Security Servers & Storage Software & Services TVs Reproduction in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of IDG Communications is prohibited. Copyright 2013 IDG Communications. ABN 14 001 592 650. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy Disclaimer Popular IDG articles Microsoft slates end to security bulletins in February computerworld.com.au After MongoDB, ransomware groups hit exposed Elasticsearch clusters cso.com.au How to work with millennials cio.com.au Security concerns remain as open source usage surges arnnet.com.au Ascent360 raises $1.9m funding to help retailers leverage customer data cmo.com.au Contact Us Advertise with us Editorial Contacts With over 25 years of brand awareness and credibility, Good Gear Guide (formerly PC World Australia), consistently delivers editorial excellence through award-winning content and trusted product reviews. Don't have an account? Sign up now Forgot password?
Sections SEO SEM Mobile Local Retail Google Bing Social Home Submit Follow Us Follow SEO SEM Mobile Local Retail Google Bing Social More Submit Follow SUBSCRIBE Subscribe Search Engine Land Pop-up Problems? Google has rolled out the mobile intrusive interstitials penalty Mobile ads Google to launch automated call extensions on Feb. 6 Subscribe to SearchCap SUBSCRIBE SEO SEM Mobile Local Retail Google Bing Social Home SEO Everything you need to know about SEO, delivered every Thursday. SUBSCRIBE A simple checklist to prep for the Google mobile-first index Columnist Bryson Meunier believes that for savvy marketers, the rollout of Google's mobile-first index will represent an opportunity -- not a threat. Bryson Meunier on January 12, 2017 at 10:15 am More Hopefully, all of you learned from “Mobilegeddon” in 2015 and “Mobilegeddon 2” in 2016 that the updates Google makes to improve the smartphone user experience for the majority of Google searchers are not the end of the world. Not even close, in fact. Still, I have seen a lot of articles focused on this topic in relation to Google’s new mobile-first index, which will be launching finally this year — almost two years after Google’s Gary Illyes referenced it at SMX West. Here’s what you need to remember in order to fully take advantage of the opportunity that is the mobile index in 2017: 1. Don’t panic You may be wondering if you need to change your canonical tags, or if rankings will change, since mobile pages typically have fewer links and content is more sparse, or if expandable mobile content will count toward ranking in a new mobile index. All of these are fair questions, and you can find the answers here on Search Engine Land or at any of these fine sites. The important thing to remember is not to panic. Google’s Paul Haahr and Gary Illyes have both gone on record as saying they expect minimal changes in search results as a result of the mobile-first index, so it’s highly unlikely that this event will be anything close to a Mobilegeddon 3. If you have a separate mobile site or use adaptive or responsive design and you follow Google’s guidelines, you’ll be fine. And if you follow the second (and last) point on this checklist, you have the potential to be even better than before. 2. Understand the mobile context and build awesome content that speaks to it Long-time readers know that I’ve been writing for years about creating content that addresses the mobile context. Over the years, I’ve shown readers how companies are using the unique capabilities of mobile to provide a better user experience for searchers on mobile devices. I discussed State Farm and eSurance recognizing that mobile searchers are more likely than desktop searchers to want information on accident help and roadsides assistance — and choosing to highlight this information on their mobile sites as a result. I mentioned Walgreens and Arby’s foregrounding the ability to find a location on their mobile home page and not on their desktop site. Most recently, I profiled Turbotax, Hotwire and Walgreens, who are all doing a phenomenal job with their content in the present, foregrounding content that matters most to mobile users. If you got a head start back in 2010 when I told you about this, that’s great; unfortunately, prior to the mobile-first index, Google was ranking websites based on desktop content and not on the mobile content, and so none of this affected mobile SEO. [Cue Sad Trombone] Fortunately, that’s changing. A few months ago, in preparation for the mobile-first index, we looked at our mobile content at Vivid Seats. We use dynamic serving to provide content based on user agent and can serve different content if we think the searcher has different needs on one platform from what they have on the other. Consider geolocation and how it is changing search behavior. In 2015, Google noted that “near me” searches had increased 34x since 2011 and had nearly doubled from 2014 to 2015. We noticed that people who go to concerts are looking for “concerts near me” about 3x more on smartphones than they are on desktops, so we made that phrase more prominent on the concert tickets page for mobile than desktop: We communicated specifically to mobile users in the text, letting them know that the results displayed are geolocated to ensure they are only concerts near their location. Because Google is only looking at desktop content currently, they don’t see this text, which is intended for mobile searchers. But when the mobile-first index arrives, this is mostly what they will see, and they will be able to understand the relevance of the page when searchers are looking for it. What content on your site can you make more relevant or attractive to mobile searchers? Don’t think just about queries, but also about content that people will share and link to. Progressive Web Apps for example, can do a lot of things on the web that were previously only available in apps. Not every brand needs a branded mobile air horn or guitar tuner, but it is an opportunity for brands to put the kind of content many of them are currently putting in native apps and placing it on the web as well. With the mobile index, this could affect SEO and site traffic in the long term. Final thoughts The mobile-first index that Google is rolling out should be more of an opportunity for marketers than a threat. Use progressive web apps to invite links to your mobile content and overindexing mobile queries to make content more relevant to truly take advantage of this upcoming mobile sea change. Some opinions expressed in this article may be those of a guest author and not necessarily Search Engine Land. Staff authors are listed here. About The Author Bryson Meunier Bryson Meunier is the SEO Director at Vivid Seats, is an SEO veteran with more than 14 years experience both agency and in-house, and is a thought leader in permission marketing as a columnist and a frequent speaker on SEO and mobile marketing. Sponsored We're listening. Have something to say about this article? Share it with us on Facebook, Twitter or our LinkedIn Group. Attend Our Conferences March 21-23, 2017: SMX West June 2017: SMX Advanced October 24-26, 2017: SMX East × Attend SMX - Click Here Learn More About Our SMX Events Gain new strategies and insights at the intersection of marketing, technology, and management. Our next conference will be held: May 9-11, 2017: MarTech San Francisco October 2-4, 2017: MarTech Boston × Attend MarTech - Click Here Learn More About Our MarTech Events Take the MarTech Quiz Think you know martech? Find out by taking this 3-minute quiz. See how you score and share it with friends! Let's Get Started White Papers Benchmark Report: 2017 State of Customer Marketing How SEO + UX Can Thrive Together Social Media ROI Template How an Insight Community Creates More Effective Brand Marketing How to Keep Your Customers From Cheating on You See More Whitepapers Webcasts 5 Disruptions Reshaping Marketing As We Know It Integrated Marketing Analytics: Creating a single source of data truth Video Marketing 2017: What You Need to Know See More Webcasts Research Reports Content Marketing Tools B2B Predictive Marketing Analytics Platforms Social Media Management Software Call Analytics Platforms Paid Media Campaign Management Platforms B2B Marketing Automation Platforms See More Research The Periodic Table of Seo Success Sign up for our daily newsletter. SUBSCRIBE Follow Us © 2017 Third Door Media, Inc. All rights reserved.
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search 0 Mail Tech Home Follow Us Reviews How To Deals Video Games Pogue Apple 72 Hours With Google Home Men's Journal TechJanuary 13, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share 1 / 2 72 Hours With Google Home Here's how Google Home stacks up against other voice-controlled smart-speakers. Day 1 By now you've probably seen Amazon's Echo in action, either in person, in a commercial, or in sly product placement, such as on the TV series Mr. Robot. Amazon has all but locked down the smart-speaker category, making it impossible to talk about Google Home without comparing it to the Echo. RELATED: How to Set Up a Voice-Controlled Home So on our first day with Google Home, a WiFi-connected speaker that responds to voice commands, everything it did felt like a rehash. When you say, “OK Google,” a ring of lights blink on, indicating that this isn't a random decoration or oversized air freshener. It's a computer masquerading as a speaker, and part of a genuine revolution in how we interact with the internet. Like Echo, Google Home can answer questions too pointless to justify reaching for your phone. It can set timers, a minor function that became indispensable once we started cooking. It can also play music, pulling specific songs from Google Play, Spotify or YouTube. RELATED: 10 Google App Tricks You Need to Know If you already own an Echo, this is all very boring to read about, since you've likely already been fully seduced by the lazy delights of talking to your new computer. Whether you're using it for useful stuff, like to dim the lights (assuming you have connected lightbulbs, such as Philips Hue bulbs) or you're forcing it to respond to inane personal questions, smart speakers are the most irresistible new class of consumer tech in years. They happen to be terrible speakers at their price point, with audio that's muffled and muddy at any volume, but their voice-computing capabilities more than make up for what should be a fatal flaw. If you don't have an Echo, Google Home will probably be just as appealing, for all the same reasons. It's just fun to talk to the internet, and there's no immediately clear reason to pick Google's smart-speaker over Amazon's, except maybe the hardware design, and the price (Home is $60 cheaper than the full-sized Echo). Day 2 For us, there is no death match between Echo and Home. The duel is over. Echo is lying in the dirt, the crowd is roaring, and the Emperor's thumb is pointing unmistakably down. What killed Echo for us at this time is its artificial intelligence, or lack thereof. As of this writing, Google Home is leaps ahead of Echo in voice searches.  We asked Echo what a brown dwarf is. Echo was completely stumped. We asked the same question of Google Home, and it read back a substantial, but still pretty succinct description of the specific class of infrared-emitting star. That entry was pulled from Universe Today, a site Google Home seemed to lean on for nearly any space-based question we posed.  This is the right way to approach voice searching — not by randomly fishing around the internet for answers, but putting queries in different silos, with questions within a given category all drawing from the same source. That Google has a better handle on searching the internet isn't a surprise. What is surprising, though, is that the company hasn't better communicated just how much better Google Home is at voice searches than Echo. RELATED: The Age of Amazon's Alexa Small as this distinction might seem, we can't help but feel a little sorry for Echo owners who don't know what they're missing. Few things in consumer tech are more frustrating than a gadget that doesn't work as promised. And Echo, as of right now, breaks its central promise constantly. It whiffs on question after question, either failing to find an answer, or maybe declining to provide one when the answer might be too long to effectively recite. That's not to say that Google Home has a perfect batting average. Some questions are too complicated to be answered with a few sentences. And it understandably lacks cognition, so it doesn't always catch the real drift of your question. Ask it how a given celebrity died, and it might give a surface-level answer, pointing to a heart attack, without explaining that the fuller cause of death was drug-related. But if you prod the speaker with increasingly pointed questions, it often gives up the goods.  Day 3 Unfortunately, Google Home doesn't stand a chance. Sure, in the isolated gadget Colosseum that is our house, the battle of the smart speakers was won decisively, and by virtue of search engine smarts. In the wider world, though, Amazon is quickly winning the voice-computing war. Read More This became obvious during the recent Consumer Electronics Show. A shocking number of devices came embedded with Alexa, the same voice-command operating system found on Echo. From alarm systems and refrigerators to DVRs and TVs, Amazon's software was everywhere. Google, meanwhile, had virtually no news regarding its equivalent platform. RELATED: Everything You Need to Know About Your Connected Home Going forward, this is a major blow to Google Home. It's also, strangely enough, a blow to the Echo. New products that use Alexa don't generally require an Echo to accept voice commands, so the value of a smart-speaker might be evaporating just as quickly as it materialized. And companies like Lenovo announced Alexa-running Echo clones that may have better audio quality than the Echo. If those claims stand up to testing, Amazon's pioneering speaker might be obsolete in a matter of months. But that's the larger picture. For now, and so long as Amazon doesn't release a software update that improves Alexa's powers of search — something that could happen any time, and without warning — Google Home is the superior smart-speaker. It's smarter, cheaper, and arguably more stylish than Echo. Sure, it doesn't have as many friends, but who needs friends when you have the internet? [$129; store.google.com] Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share What to Read Next 9 tech-friendly gifts for people obsessed with travel Yahoo Tech 2017 Honda Accord Central Iowa Honda DealersSponsored Galaxy S7, S7 Edge Get Android Nougat Update International Business Times Wristband monitors your blood alcohol content while you drink Yahoo Tech Got 50 bucks burning a hole in your pocket? Here’s the best tech to spend it on Digital Trends Marijuana Millionaire #2 MONEY MORNINGSponsored Showdown in the South China Sea: China’s artificial islands explained Digital Trends $40 device doubles the storage of your 32GB iPhone 7 or 7 Plus BGR News Privacy |Terms |About our Ads |Suggestions Brought to you by Yahoo Finance
This web site uses cookies to improve your experience. By viewing our content, you are accepting the use of cookies. To find out more and change your cookie settings, please view our cookie policy. Edition: Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan Go Videos Smart City Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security Data Centers more Apple Mobility CES 2017 IoT Enterprise Software Hardware See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Newsletters All Writers Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out Go Menu Videos Smart City Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security Data Centers Apple Mobility CES 2017 IoT Enterprise Software Hardware See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out us Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan Why you need MFA now: Gmail phishing scheme prepends URL with working script data Yeah, the bad guys are back. This time they're embedding entire scripts in URLs, stealing passwords, and using a bit of psychology to snag your secrets. You've been warned. By David Gewirtz for DIY-IT | January 13, 2017 -- 17:09 GMT (09:09 PST) | Topic: Security Leo Lintang, Getty Images/iStockphoto Imagine waking up one morning to discover your email address and current password have been plastered onto a billboard on the side of a major highway. It's a bit improbable, I know, but play along. For some of you, that would be the end. Anyone could paw through your email history, steal personal identifying information, run password resets for other sites, and generally wreak untold havoc. see also How to use Google two-factor authentication If you use Google services, and you don't want anyone raiding or wrecking your account and services--not to mention your life--Google two-step verification security is for you. Read More But, for others of you, the billboard would be a mere annoyance. You'd pick a new password and go on with your day. Nobody would have gotten into your account, your identity information would be safe, and havoc would remain unwreaked. What is the difference between these two scenarios? Why would some people with exposed email addresses and passwords be hacked, attacked, smacked, and wracked -- and why would others just merely be annoyed? Multi-factor. It's not just a compound word. It's a defense strategy. The idea is this: In addition to something you know (your email ID and password), logging in requires something you have, or something you are. Usually, that's something like an authentication key generated by your phone, or a fingerprint. When you use multi-factor authentication, you're requiring an additional factor beyond user name and password. With that, I'm going to tell you about a new way some bad guys are phishing for authentication information. These nasty folks are trying to trick users out of their user IDs and passwords. And, in a lot of cases, they're succeeding. The trick is relatively subtle, so even the most aware users might be tricked into falling for the ruse. See also: Password security: The one simple step pros use to lock down their accounts | Keep your Microsoft account secure with 2-factor authentication | How you can use two-factor authentication to protect cloud services | How to use Google two-factor authentication The big phish This particular hack was brought to my attention by Mark Maunder of Wordfence, a security plugin for WordPress. Mark cites some work by Tim Ruffles on Gist. This is a Gmail hack. It starts with an email you get from a friend, who was hacked earlier, and is now a link in a chain of hack forwarders and victims. The email looks legitimate, and even includes an attachment that's appropriate to be coming from that sender. For example, at the end of the message might appear to be a Word document that is something you previously sent to a co-worker for review. It might be a PDF of something you and the sender have been discussing. It might be an image. The point is, the attachment sent to you is credible. That's because the hackers have already been in the sender's email account, processed the mail in there, and determined what attachments connect you and the sender. This is social engineering on an automated level. The thing is (you've already figured this out, haven't you?) the attachment isn't legitimate. Clicking on it opens what appears to be a Google sign-in page, ostensibly because you need to verify your identity before viewing the attachment. We've all had to do this before, so it's a pretty sneaky approach. I know that I regularly get links from work that require me to login first, before I can see the shared Google Drive page for a specific project. It's like that. So you're now on a page that looks like a Google sign-in page. Ah, but you're no babe in the woods, are you? You know to check the browser address bar to see if the URL is legitimate. Here's where the subterfuge really kicks in. As the following image shows, the location bar does, in fact, show accounts.google.com in the URL. It's possible to embed an entire script using this format. Notice the "data:" string that prepends the accounts.google.com address? That actually makes the entire link into something called a Data URI, which is a standard way to embed file content inline in a URL. It is actually part of the published RFC 2397 from the Internet Engineering Task Force, dating back to simpler times, the late 1990s. So, yeah, this exploit is not actually an exploit. It uses a legitimate capability of browsers, albeit one that should have been disabled more than a decade ago. Why we fall for the trick Maunder wrote extensively in his blog post about why people are falling for this trick. After all, while the accounts.google.com address is in the address bar, it's not as though the "data:text/html," is not visible. But, argues Maunder, it might as well be. He contends we've become used to seeing either a green https image: Green is good. Or a red X, telling us that a page is insecure: Red is bad. His premise is that this exploit creates a URL zone that is normal, not highlighted by either green or red symbols. As such, we just ignore it and go about our business, never really looking carefully at what's prepending the address where we're being asked to enter our credentials. I think he has a point. We are definitely creatures of habit when it comes to our surfing practices. We jump between hundreds of sites on a given day and don't spend time considering each site. We've developed muscle memory that helps us notice changes (green and red, for example), but without those flags, we might just go on, clicking and filling in our information. In his blog post, Maunder links to two very interesting discussions on this: Proximity, Uniform Connectedness, and Good Continuation Content blind spots - thoughts from a usability test The bottom line: MFA for the win What is the lesson you should take away from all this? Well, first, some people out there are nasty. Others, like Maunder and Ruffles, are trying to keep us safe. Big thanks to them. But the bottom line is that you must -- must, must, MUST -- use multi-factor authentication. I know it's a pain. I use my MFA tools probably 20 or more times a day because most resources I use don't support SAML. But MFA will, at least for this generation of hacks, help to keep you safe. As the late, great Sergeant Phil Esterhaus said in Hill Street Blues, "Hey! Let's be careful out there." Video: Using two-factor authentication can protect your cloud accounts You can follow my day-to-day project updates on social media. Be sure to follow me on Twitter at @DavidGewirtz, on Facebook at Facebook.com/DavidGewirtz, on Instagram at Instagram.com/DavidGewirtz, and on YouTube at YouTube.com/DavidGewirtzTV. Join Discussion Powered by Livefyre Add your Comment Related Stories Security If vendors cannot keep a phone updated, why trust them with your household items? Windows Microsoft details tweaks to its Windows 7, 8.1 patch rollups Security Plug car security holes before self-driving vehicles arrive, industry warned Security Largest NHS trust hit by 'IT attack' × Thank You Please review our terms of service to complete your newsletter subscription I agree to the Terms of Use, Privacy Policy and Video Services Policy. I understand I will receive a complimentary subscription to TechRepublic's News and Special Offers newsletter, and the Daily Digest newsletter (you can opt out at any time). ACCEPT & CLOSE Newsletters You have been successfully signed up. To sign up for more newsletters or to manage your account, visit the Newsletter Subscription Center. See All See All ZDNet Connect with us © 2017 CBS Interactive. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | Cookies | Ad Choice | Advertise | Terms of Use | Mobile User Agreement Visit other CBS Interactive sites: Select SiteCBS CaresCBS FilmsCBS RadioCBS.comCBSInteractiveCBSNews.comCBSSports.comChowhoundCNETCollege NetworksGameSpotLast.fmMaxPrepsMetacritic.comMoneywatchmySimonRadio.comSearch.comShopper.comShowtimeTechRepublicThe InsiderTV.comUrbanBaby.comZDNet Topics All Authors Galleries Videos About ZDNet Meet The Team Site Map RSS Feeds Reprint Policy Manage | Log Out Log In to ZDNET | Join ZDNet Membership Newsletters Site Assistance
M³ BIoT CLL Events Whitepapers The Next Platform Data Center Software Security Transformation DevOps Business Personal Tech Science Emergent Tech Bootnotes Alerts Newsletters Columnists Video Apple vs. Samsung goes back to court, again, to re-assess the value of a rounded corner Home Einsteins help turn up 13 new pulsars Flight 666 went to HEL on Friday the 13th Putting the 'Port' in Portal: Old-school fan brings game to Apple II Servers HPC Cloud Storage Networks Virtualization BOFH Do containers stack up as data storage building blocks? Quantum: Well, would you look at that. We've made some money! A deduping backup target startup going public – who'd a thought it? Brexit contributes to backup appliance sales fall Aaarrgh, zombie! Dead Apple iOS monopoly lawsuit is reanimated Hadoop hurler Hortonworks votes Tibco veteran for president Opera scolds stale browsers with shocking Neon experiment D-Wave goes public with open-source quantum-classical hybrid software Promising compsci student sold key-logger, infects 16,000 machines, pleads guilty, faces jail US Marines seek more than a few good men (3,000 men and women, actually) for cyber-war Playpen child sex abuse archive admin gets 20 years in the Big House UK's largest hospital trust battles Friday 13th malware outbreak Tech committee slams UK.gov for dithering over digital strategy Outage-hit Lloyds Bank in talks to outsource data centres to IBM IT spending to soar a whopping 2.7 per cent, says ball-rubber Gartner IT ops doesn't matter. Really? Continuous Lifecycle London: First speakers announced Trello, hello, hello: Todo list biz gobbled by Atlassian for $425m Splunk: Why we dumped Perforce for Atlassian's Bitbucket of Gits CloudByte chews on Elastistor, sinks teeth into OpenEBS Policy The Channel Apple vs. Samsung goes back to court, again, to re-assess the value of a rounded corner Canada fines Amazon seven hours of profit for false advertising FCC's Wheeler gives passionate defense of net neutrality rules Strike day struck off as Fujitsu and Unite negotiate job cuts Putting the 'Port' in Portal: Old-school fan brings game to Apple II Nintendo pulls the Switch, fires Joy-con at Microsoft and Sony Smart fingerprint padlock startup to $320k backers: Sorry for the radio silence Embrace the world of pr0nified IT with wide open, er, arms SPB Geek's Guide Home Einsteins help turn up 13 new pulsars Boffins turn timid mice into psycho killers – by firing lasers into brains You know what, maybe Tabby's star ate a planet, ponder space eggheads MIT brainiacs wrangle 2D graphene into super-strong 3D art homework Artificial Intelligence Internet of Things AI shoves all in: DeepStack, Libratus poker bots battle Texas Hold 'em pros heads up Microsoft swallows up AI language biz Maluuba Uber, Apple, Amazon and Sully Sullenberger walk into a bar – er, self-driving car committee Drone biz Lily Robotics takes $34m in pre-orders, ships nothing, shuts down, gets sued by San Francisco DA Verity Stob Flight 666 went to HEL on Friday the 13th Mr Angry pays taxman with five wheelbarrows worth of loose change Now that's a Blue Screen of Death: Windows 10 told me to jump off a cliff Clone wars: Wrestler sues Microsoft over Gears of War character More like this Encryption Cryptography Security Google floats prototype Key Transparency to tackle secure swap woes ♪ I've got the key, I've got the secreeeee-eeet ♪ 13 Jan 2017 at 17:36, John Leyden Google has released an open-source technology dubbed Key Transparency, which is designed to offer an interoperable directory of public encryption keys. Key Transparency offers a generic, secure way to discover public keys. The technology is built to scale up to internet size while providing a way to establish secure communications through untrusted servers. The whole approach is designed to make encrypted apps easier and safer to use. Google put together elements of Certificate Transparency and CONIKS to develop Key Transparency, which it made available as an open-source prototype on Thursday. The approach is a more efficient means of building a web of trust than older alternatives such as PGP, as Google security engineers Ryan Hurst and Gary Belvin explain in a blog post. Existing methods of protecting users against server compromise require users to manually verify recipients' accounts in-person. This simply hasn't worked. The PGP web-of-trust for encrypted email is just one example: over 20 years after its invention, most people still can't or won't use it, including its original author. Messaging apps, file sharing, and software updates also suffer from the same challenge. Key Transparency aims to make the relationship between online personas and public keys "automatically verifiable and publicly auditable" while supporting important user needs such as account recovery. "Users should be able to see all the keys that have been attached to an account, while making any attempt to tamper with the record publicly visible," Google's security boffins explain. The directory will make it easier for developers to create systems of all kinds with independently auditable account data, Google techies add. Google is quick to emphasise that the technology is very much a work in progress. "It's still very early days for Key Transparency. With this first open-source release, we're continuing a conversation with the crypto community and other industry leaders, soliciting feedback, and working toward creating a standard that can help advance security for everyone," they explain. The project so far has already involved collaboration from the CONIKS team, Open Whisper Systems, as well as the security engineering teams at Yahoo! and internally at Google. Early reaction to the project from some independent experts such as Matthew Green, a professor of cryptography at Johns Hopkins University, has been positive. Kevin Bocek, chief cyber-security strategist at certificate management vendor Venafi, was much more sceptical. "Google's introduction of Key Transparency is a 'build it and hope the developers will come' initiative," he said. "There is not the clear compelling event as there was with Certificate Transparency, when the fraudulent issuance of digital [certificates] was starting to run rampant. Moreover, building a database of public keys not linked to digital certificates has been attempted before with PGP and never gain[ed] widespread adoption." ® Sponsored: DevOps and continuous delivery Tips and corrections 9 Comments More from The Register The encryption conundrum: Should tech compromise or double down? Versus16 Just wait for FBI versus Apple: The Revenge 44 Comments Oh, for F...acebook: Critics bash WhatsApp encryption 'backdoor' Updated Don't panic, there's nothing to fear, insists green messenger 34 Comments Cryptography vs. bigotry: The debate Australia needs to have And with Pauline Hanson on the stage, it's a debate the technology industry must lead 36 Comments Strong non-backdoored encryption is vital – but the Feds should totally be able to crack it, say House committees We want to have our cake and stuff our faces with it 63 Comments US cities promise to crack down on police surveillance tech Growing demand for greater oversight of how snoopware is obtained by cops 10 Comments UK govt: No, really, we're not banning cryptography IPB The draft Investigatory Powers Bill debate goes on 21 Comments Whitepapers Hunting insider threats Insider threats are a real risk to business because they threaten both customer and employee trust. 5 Steps to Good Governance Why it should be done efficiently and seamlessly, so that employees can focus on more exciting goals—innovative, business-growing goals 4 ways to build better apps with secure content services Four powerful digital content services that can help your company transform the way people interact with your content from within your web and mobile apps. Mapping the Demands of Real-World Apps - One IO at a Time Averaging doesn't provide an accurate picture of true application performance based on data gathered using InfoSight and analyzed. Most read Trump's cyber-guru Giuliani runs ancient 'easily hackable website' New Windows 10 privacy controls: Just a little snooping – or the max Now that's a Blue Screen of Death: Windows 10 told me to jump off a cliff US Navy runs into snags with aircraft carrier's electric plane-slingshot Dell EMC lifts the post-acquisition axe, swings Spotlight Security hardened, pah! Expert doubts Kaymera's mighty Google's Pixel How to secure MongoDB – because it isn't by default and thousands of DBs are being hacked Because I'm bad, I'm bad, Shamoon: PC wiper tried to shut down Saudi snapshot defences Top cop: Strap Wi-Fi jammers to teen web crims as punishment A year in infosec: Bears, botnets, breaches ... and elections Security! experts! slam! Yahoo! management! for! using! old! crypto! Stealing, scamming, bluffing: El Reg rides along with pen-testing 'red team hackers' In the three years since IETF said pervasive monitoring is an attack, what's changed? Sponsored links New from Avere - Cloud-Enabled Data Center for Dummies. Download now Sign up to The Register to receive newsletters and alerts Follow us More content Subscribe to newsletter Top 20 stories Week’s headlines Archive Webcasts About us Privacy Company info Advertise with us Syndication Send us news tips The Register Biting the hand that feeds IT © 1998–2017 Independent news, views, opinions and reviews on the latest in the IT industry. Offices in London, San Francisco and Sydney.
Menu Topics Biomedicine Business Computing Energy Mobile Robotics 10 Breakthrough Technologies 35 Innovators Under 35 50 Smartest Companies Views Views from the Marketplace Top Stories Magazine Events More Events Special Publications MIT News Magazine Help/Support Log in / Register Subscribe Log in / Register Search Click search or press enter Computing One Startup’s Vision to Reinvent the Web for Better Privacy Blockstack’s system would let you control your own personal data—for example, by revoking a site’s access to it. by Tom Simonite January 13, 2017 Venture capitalist Albert Wenger has done well by investing in Web businesses—he was an early backer of Etsy and Tumblr. But at his urging, Union Square Ventures, where he is a partner, is backing a company founded on the principle that the Web needs a rethink. Recommended for You Mathematical Model Reveals the Patterns of How Innovations Arise Questionable “Young Blood” Transfusions Offered in U.S. as Anti-Aging Remedy A 100-Drone Swarm, Dropped from Jets, Plans Its Own Moves Poker Is the Latest Game to Fold Against Artificial Intelligence One Man’s Quest to Hack His Own Genes Recommended for You Mathematical Model Reveals the Patterns of How Innovations Arise Questionable “Young Blood” Transfusions Offered in U.S. as Anti-Aging Remedy A 100-Drone Swarm, Dropped from Jets, Plans Its Own Moves Poker Is the Latest Game to Fold Against Artificial Intelligence One Man’s Quest to Hack His Own Genes “We’re living in a time period where the new incumbents like Amazon, Google, and Facebook have firmly established themselves, and are near monopolists in their markets,” says Wenger. “If we want a long-term, open playing field for innovation, we’re going to need new, decentralized infrastructure.” Blockstack received $4 million in funding from USV and others this month to try to establish that more open playing field. The startup is working on open-source software that will create a kind of parallel universe to the Web we know—one where users have more control of their data. Later this year, Blockstack will release software that lets you surf sites and apps created for this new digital domain using your existing Web browser. You will still be able to load sites by clicking links or typing Web addresses, perhaps to find places to chat with friends or go shopping. But instead of needing to create accounts with each site, as people do with Google or Facebook, users of sites built on Blockstack’s system will control their own digital identity (or identities). To use a site that needs your information, you will grant access to a profile under your control alone. If you want to stop using a service, you can revoke its access to your profile and data and take it elsewhere. Sites will run all their code on your computer, in the browser. “We’re trying to turn the existing model on its head,” says Ryan Shea, CEO and cofounder of Blockstack. “You can try to work with the existing model from within, but sometimes it’s easier to step outside of it and build something new from a clean slate.” Blockstack’s vision is made possible by an identity system built to be independent of any one company, including the startup itself. It uses the digital ledger, or blockchain, underpinning the digital currency Bitcoin to track usernames and associated encryption keys that allow a person to control his or her data and identity. A collective of thousands of computers around the globe maintains the blockchain, and no one entity controls it. Blockstack’s system uses the blockchain to record domain names, too, meaning there’s no need for an equivalent to ICANN, the body that oversees Web domains today. Software built on top of the name and ID systems gives people control over the data they let online services use. Microsoft is already collaborating with Blockstack to explore uses for its platform. Blockstack’s tweaks on how the Web functions may seem abstruse. But Shea argues that low-level features of the Web’s design, like the lack of a built-in, independent identity system, are at the root of problems such as the dominance of large companies and the latitude they have to make use of user data. He says that companies will still be able to seek profits on the new platform, but power will be tilted more in favor of users. The Web’s creator, Tim Berners-Lee, has lately made similar claims. In recent years he has urged technologists to “re-decentralize” the Web to better serve users and society. Berners-Lee registered the username timblee.id via Blockstack’s platform last summer, and he is working on his own decentralized Web project, called SOLID, at MIT. The dream of a new kind of online sphere faces some significant obstacles, though. For example, Bitcoin’s current design has proved to lack the capacity needed for a widely used currency (or online platform)—and it’s not clear how to build similar, fully decentralized systems that do, says Emin Gun Sirer, an associate professor at Cornell University. Decentralized systems might also struggle to resolve disputes over things like copyright claims on domain names, which are solved relatively easily by a central authority, he says. Brewster Kahle, founder of the Internet Archive, which hosted the first major conference on decentralizing the Web last summer, is optimistic that such challenges will be worked through. Questions about privacy and the power of large companies are motivating more and more people to think seriously about alternatives to the status quo, he says. “So many of us now depend on the Web, but it is a 20-year-old technology that is showing its age.” Tagged Bitcoin, Internet, World Wide Web, Tim Berners-Lee, Blockstack, Internet infrastructure, blockchain Credit Illustration by Patrick Kyle Tom Simonite San Francisco Bureau Chief I’m MIT Technology Review’s San Francisco bureau chief and enjoy a diverse diet of algorithms, Internet, and human-computer interaction with chips on the side. I lead our coverage of new ideas from Silicon Valley, whether they spring from tech… More giants, new startups, or academic labs. My journey to the West Coast started in a small English market town and took in the University of Cambridge, Imperial College London, and five years writing and editing technology news coverage at New Scientist magazine. READ COMMENTS Please read our commenting guidelines. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Subscribe to Continue Reading Uh oh–you've read all five of your free articles for this month. Become an Insider for unlimited access to online stories for less than $15 per month. Insider Premium $179.95/yr US PRICE Subscribe See international, alumni and other pricing options Already an Insider? Log in. Have a magazine subscription? Activate your Insider account. More from Computing From the latest smartphones to advances in quantum computing, the hardware behind today's digital age is rapidly changing. WhatsApp’s Small Security Flaw Is the Price of Convenience Reports of a backdoor in the messaging app overlook the fact that building software used by 1 billion people can require compromise. by Jamie Condliffe Neuroscience Can’t Explain How an Atari Works The brain is complex—but when techniques developed to analyze how it works were applied to a chip running Donkey Kong, they were found lacking. by Jamie Condliffe Video: Working in the Big Data Mine Here are 3 shifts that companies can make in IT to more successfully mine their data. by MIT Technology Review Custom More from Computing From Our Advertisers Presented by IEEE Collabratec The Connected City: Trends and Developments Driving Smart City Innovation Sponsored by Lenovo Trend Roundup: Data Storage and the Cloud In partnership with Dynatrace Emerging Trend Analysis: What is Digital Performance Management? Want more award-winning journalism? Subscribe and become an Insider. Insider Premium {! insider.prices.premium !}* {! insider.display.menuOptionsLabel !} Our award winning magazine, unlimited access to our story archive, special discounts to MIT Technology Review Events, and exclusive content. {! insider.buttons.premium.buttonText !} See details+ What's Included Bimonthly home delivery and unlimited 24/7 access to MIT Technology Review’s website. The Download. Our daily newsletter of what's important in technology and innovation. Access to the Magazine archive. Over 24,000 articles going back to 1899 at your fingertips. Special Discounts to select partner offerings Discount to MIT Technology Review events Ad-free web experience First Look. Exclusive early access to stories. Insider Conversations. Join in and ask questions as our editors talk to innovators from around the world. Insider Plus {! insider.prices.plus !}* Best Value {! insider.display.menuOptionsLabel !} Everything included in Insider Basic, plus ad-free web experience, select discounts to partner offerings and MIT Technology Review events {! insider.buttons.plus.buttonText !} See details+ What's Included Bimonthly home delivery and unlimited 24/7 access to MIT Technology Review’s website. The Download. Our daily newsletter of what's important in technology and innovation. Access to the Magazine archive. Over 24,000 articles going back to 1899 at your fingertips. Special Discounts to select partner offerings Discount to MIT Technology Review events Ad-free web experience Insider Basic {! insider.prices.basic !}* {! insider.display.menuOptionsLabel !} Six issues of our award winning magazine and daily delivery of The Download, our newsletter of what’s important in technology and innovation. {! insider.buttons.basic.buttonText !} See details+ What's Included Bimonthly home delivery and unlimited 24/7 access to MIT Technology Review’s website. The Download. Our daily newsletter of what's important in technology and innovation. * {! insider.display.footerLabel !} See international prices See U.S. prices Revert to MIT Enterprise Forum pricing Revert to standard pricing The Download What's important in technology and innovation, delivered to you every day. Follow us Twitter Facebook RSS   The mission of MIT Technology Review is to equip its audiences with the intelligence to understand a world shaped by technology. Browse International Editions Company About Us Careers Advertise with Us Reprints and Permissions Press Room Your Account Log In / Create Account Newsletters Manage Account Manage Subscription Customer Support Help/FAQs Contact Us Feedback Sitemap More Events MIT Enterprise Forum MIT News Policies Ethics Statement Terms of Service Privacy Commenting Guidelines MIT Technology Review © 2016 v.|eiπ| You've read of free articles this month. Subscribe Become an Insider or Sign in for unlimited access  to online articles .

Menu Sections Home Wind Solar Markets Circuit Technology In Depth Thought Leaders Galleries Editions Archive More About Us Contact Us Subscribe Free Trial Advertise Events Search Search Recharge Wind Solar Markets Technology Circuit - Monday, 16 Jan 2017 - Wind Solar Markets Technology Circuit Wind More EDF RE's Spinning Spur in Texas Photo:  Business Wire EDF RE finishes Google-backed 225MW Great Western in US by Karl-Erik Stromsta in New York 13 January 2017 Updated 13 January 2017 Share: Facebook Twitter LinkedIn E-mail × E-mail this to a friend. Hey, I saw this on Recharge and thought it might be interesting for you. Cancel Send It! Print EDF Renewable Energy has finished building one of the largest wind projects in Oklahoma, with the 225MW Great Western wind farm to sell its full output to Google under a landmark PPA sealed at COP21 in Paris in late 2015. EDF RE, based in San Diego, California and among North America’s leading renewables developers, says Great Western entered commercial operation in late December, using nearly 100 of Vestas’ 3.3MW V117 and 2.0MW V100 turbines. In late 2015 Google announced a huge string of renewables deals on the sidelines of the Paris climate talks, including US wind PPAs with EDF RE, Invenergy and RES Americas, a wind deal with Eolus in Sweden, and a solar deal with Acciona Energía in Chile—the tech giant’s first PPA in Latin America. At the time Google called the package “the largest and most diverse purchase of renewable energy ever by a non-utility company”. In announcing the completion of Great Western, Gary Demasi, Google’s Director of Operations for Data Center Energy and Location Strategy, said: “Google has already committed to purchase more renewable energy than any other company and now, through a series of new wind and solar projects around the world, we are on track to reach 100% clean energy for our global operations this year.” Last month Google said it is on track to reach its 100% renewables in 2017, with contracts in place to buy 2.6GW of wind and solar—more than double second-place Amazon and five times Microsoft and Facebook.  “The success of the wind industry in 2016 can be attributed in part to corporate purchasers, like Google, who demonstrate their commitment to affordable renewable energy,” says EDF RE chief executive Tristan Grimbert. Great Western, located near the base of Oklahoma’s panhandle in Woodward and Ellis counties, will be operated and maintained by EDF RE’s in-house O&M unit, EDF Renewable Services. EDF RE and Google began working together in 2012, when Google invested in EDF RE’s Spinning Spur wind farm in Texas. More recently EDF RE forged a relationship with Southern Power, which has rapidly become one of the biggest buyers of US renewables projects, agreeing to sell two Texas wind farms totaling 300MW. Americas Advertisement Advertisement Latest Jobs growth boosts US renewables sector's case with Trump EDF RE finishes Google-backed 225MW Great Western in US MidAmerican Energy: Buffett, Trump and the 2GW wind farm Buffett's MidAmerican unveils first project sites for 2GW Wind XI Dong confirms MHI Vestas at 450MW Borkum Riffgrund 2 Read more RELATED NEWS Enel deepens storage push with Demand Energy acquisition Americas 12 Jan 2017 Southern and EDF-RE forge relationship with Texas wind deal Americas 23 Dec 2016 Advertise Terms About us Contact us Cookies policy LinkedIn Twitter Facebook
make-use-of-logo logo-background menu search search-start close email bookmark facebook google twitter pinterest stumbleupon whatsapp amazon youtube youtube label-rectangle triangle-long down mobile-icon PC & Mobile Windows Mac Linux Android iPhone and iPad Internet Security Technology News Lifestyle Entertainment Productivity Creative Gaming Browsers Social Media Finance Self Improvement Hardware Technology Explained Buying Guides Smart Home DIY Product Reviews Deals Giveaways Top Lists About About MakeUseOf Newsletter Advertise Privacy Jobs Chats Search for: Search Popular Topics The Internet Windows iPhone and iPad Android Mac Gaming MakeUseOf The Newest Linux Operating Systems and Who Should Try Them Linux The Newest Linux Operating Systems and Who Should Try Them Moe Long These Secret Google Pixel Features Will Convince You to Buy It Android These Secret Google Pixel Features Will Convince You to Buy It Kannon Yamada Top Deals Search Open Menu Close Menu PC & Mobile Windows Mac Linux Android iPhone and iPad Internet Security Technology News Lifestyle Entertainment Productivity Creative Gaming Browsers Social Media Finance Self Improvement Hardware Technology Explained Buying Guides Smart Home DIY Product Reviews Deals Giveaways Top Lists About About MakeUseOf Newsletter Advertise Privacy Jobs Chats Facebook Facebook Facebook Facebook Search for: You Can Now Play FLAC Audio Files in Google Chrome Browsers You Can Now Play FLAC Audio Files in Google Chrome Dave Parrack January 13, 2017 13-01-2017 1 minute You Can Now Play FLAC Audio Files in Google Chrome Facebook Twitter Pinterest MobileAppPage Stumbleupon Whatsapp Email With the release of Chrome 56, Google Chrome is finally adding support for FLAC. In a nutshell this means Chrome users will be able to play FLAC audio files directly from within their web browser. Audiophiles around the world, rejoice! The latest version of Google’s web browser, Chrome 56, is currently available in the beta channel. It should be available in the stable channel as early as next week. And when it arrives, it will bring with it support for FLAC. As first spotted by 9to5Google, Chrome 56 adds support for the FLAC audio format to Chrome for the first time. Chrome users have been asking Google to support FLAC since 2011, and Google has finally seen fit to acquiesce to those demands. What Is FLAC Anyway? FLAC, which stands for Free Lossless Audio Codec, is a lossless audio format 10 Common Audio Formats Compared: Which One Should You Use? 10 Common Audio Formats Compared: Which One Should You Use? We may all be familiar with MP3, what about AAC, FLAC, OGG, or WMA? Why do so many standards exist? Which ones should you care about and which ones can you ignore? Read More with a growing reputation. FLAC files are typically large, being, on average, around six times the size of an MP3. However, the flipside is that FLAC files offer a higher sound quality than your typical MP3. This is why FLAC files are beloved by audiophiles. And if you can’t tell the difference between an ordinary MP3 and a FLAC, you’re probably not an audiophile Are You an Audiophile? These 10 Questions Will Reveal the Truth Are You an Audiophile? These 10 Questions Will Reveal the Truth You might think you are an audiophile, but in reality very few music lovers tick all of the necessary boxes. Are you really an audiophile? Or are you just a great pretender? Read More . Once you have Chrome 56 installed on your computer, FLAC files will open in a barebones media player. This applies whether the FLAC file is local or located on the web. As an aside, the latest version of Chrome OS The Chrome OS Challenge: A New User's Day on a Chromebook The Chrome OS Challenge: A New User's Day on a Chromebook What are Chromebooks like for someone who's used to a Windows or Mac setup? As a newcomer to Chrome OS, I'm here to tell you. Read More already offers support for FLAC. Especially Useful for Mac Users Windows 10 and any apps which take advantage of its API already offer native support for FLAC. However, macOS does not offer native support for FLAC, which means Mac users currently have to use something like VLC 6 Awesome VLC Features You May Not Know About 6 Awesome VLC Features You May Not Know About There's a reason VLC is called the Swiss Army Knife of media players. This article identifies six awesome VLC features and explains how to use them. Read More . Now, Mac users with Chrome installed have another option. Do you use Google Chrome as your main web browser? Do you listen to FLAC audio files on a regular basis? Will you be making use of Chrome’s support for FLAC? Do you think other browsers should follow Google’s example? Please let us know in the comments below! Image Credit: Will Folsom via Flickr Previous Post10 More Cool Things You Can Do With YouTube VideosNext PostApp.net Shuts Down But Its Code Lives On 1 comment Write a Comment seano January 13, 2017 at 7:35 pm "eight times the size of a CD-quality MP3.", well more like 3 times the size... Reply Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Dave Parrack 1636 articles Dave Parrack is the Tech News and Entertainment editor at MakeUseOf. He hails from the UK, where he enjoys eating, drinking, and sleeping. Kinda like a cat. Advertisement Latest Giveaways Noontec Zoro II Wireless Headphones Review and Giveaway Noontec Zoro II Wireless Headphones Review and Giveaway Garmin Vivomove Sport Review and Giveaway Garmin Vivomove Sport Review and Giveaway UHANS H5000 Review and Giveaway UHANS H5000 Review and Giveaway Advertisement Advertisement Affiliate Disclosure: By buying the products we recommend, you help keep the lights on at MakeUseOf. Read more. Subscribe to Our Newsletter Email: Scroll down for the next article © 2017 MakeUseOf. All Rights Reserved.
Home White Papers Webinars Software Directory Events Calendar About Us Editorial Calendar Contact Us Advertise Here About Us Editorial Calendar Contact Us Advertise Here Channels Featured Products White Papers Webinars Software Directory Events Channels Customer Experience Digital Experience DAM Digital Workplace SharePoint & Office 365 Web CMS Mobile Document Mgt The Advantages of Google AMP: Why Marketers Should Embrace It ASAP By Nick Patel | Jan 13, 2017 CHANNEL: Digital Marketing Google launched the AMP Project to create more engaging mobile web experiences. PHOTO: Noreen Seebacher Let me start by stating the obvious: It's a mobile world — and as web traffic from mobile devices increases, techniques that speed and optimize the mobile web will grow increasingly important. Now that we're all on the same page, let's turn our attention to the Google Accelerated Mobile Pages (AMP) Project, a framework to help improve mobile web experiences and boost the load times of rich media such as videos, GIFs and graphics. Google launched the AMP Project in the hope of providing fast — make that instant — access to information to create more engaging mobile web experiences. AMP pages are, simply, HTML pages with the capability to render in all modern web browsers and web views. AMP HTML is built on existing web technologies, but with strong limitations on JavaScript. Google traces many performance issues to the integration of multiple JavaScript libraries, tools, embeds, etc. into a page. AMP HTML allows CSS so pages look like the authors intended, but adds best practice enforcement. All this is designed to provide a seamless experience for mobile users. AMP HTML enables webpages with rich content such as graphics, animations and videos load almost instantaneously. With AMP, the same line of code will work across all major platforms and devices. Why Bother With AMP? There are excellent reasons for marketers to take the time to understand AMP. Fast and Engaging Experiences: Reading on mobile screen is difficult unless the page is fast and optimized. AMP pages loads up four times faster than the webpages, which are not AMP. Now you can create mobile optimized content once and have it load instantly everywhere, on any size of device. Improved Mobile Search Experience: More than 20 percent of all search queries on the web are performed on mobile devices. That’s why it is essential to enhance search capabilities or search engine results page (SERP) results for small screens. And AMP does that. Moreover, AMP pages are structured to ensure the content isn’t blocked by the ads. Customers can stop hating ads because they won't diminish load time. For publishers, that's huge. Enhanced Performance: AMP will boost webpage performance and AMP-associated content will get a ranking boost from Google. In addition, AMP-associated content will get caching infrastructure from Google to further speed content delivery SEO Compatible: AMP associated webpages are SEO friendly and preferred by Google in SERP ranking for all devices. Thus, AMP will help to bring more organic search results on your website. It will also lower down the bounce rate and result in more impressions and clicks. Analytics Integration: You might be wondering how you can track whether Google is delivering its promises. Yes, you can do it by integrating the most suitable analytics system to your website such as Google Analytics, Adobe Analytics, comScore and many more. It means with AMP you’ll be able to track all metrics such as clicks, conversions, users and more. Moreover, you can set your own tracking metrics on the analytics integration within your web application. The Way Ahead with AMP AMP provides a seamless user experience equally on all devices with fast loading speed and browser compatibility. Think of it as a solid foundation for better web experiences. The web of future looks promising with AMP technology. Webpages will become more captivating and engaging, creating a better user experience. If you haven't already, give some thought to creating your website with AMP so you can offer seamless experience to your audience across all devices. About the Author Nick Patel is head of marketing at WebbyMonks, where he loves to explore cutting edge technology in the digital world. While not writing for technology, you can find him fishing, shooting with his camera or brewing coffee. 0 Comments Top Articles Related Articles Recent Comments OpenText's Loss, RSA's Gain: Rohit Ghai Leaves Dell EMC ECD 12 Ways AI Has or Will Change Content Management Atlassian to Acquire Trello in $425M Enterprise Collaboration Deal The Advantages of Google AMP: Why Marketers Should Embrace It ASAP What's the Next Step in the Evolution of AI? Account-Based Marketing: Digging Into Facts, Uprooting Myths 2016 Contributors of the Year: Anita Brearton Major Publishers Losing Up to $5M Daily to Russian Ad Fraud Botnet, White Ops Found Those 'Death of Email' Stories? Consider Them Fake News Free of Teradata, Aprimo Is Back and Poised for Growth Useful Article? Email this Article Stumble This Follow @CMSWire Tags customer experience, cxm, google amp, html, load time, mobile web, mobility, nick patel   Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Resources CMSWire's DX Summit Content Marketing Document Management Software Selecting a Web CMS SharePoint Migration Tools List Sitecore Consultant View All Events Add Your Event Events RSS Featured Events Jan 18 [Earley Executive Roundtable] Virtual Assistants & Chatbots - The Next Big Thing in Customer Experience Jan 26 CMSWire Tweet Jam: The Evolving DX Fabric #DXChat Feb 2 [Forrester and Lytics Webinar] The Secrets To Web Personalization Feb 21 Container World Santa Clara 2017 Feb 23 CMSWire Tweet Jam: Exploring Digital Workplace Leadership & Ownership #SocBizChat Jun 19 Digital Workplace Experience Chicago 2017 Nov 13 CMSWire's DX Summit Chicago 2017 About Us CMSWire is a popular web magazine published by Simpler Media Group. We focus on intelligent information management, digital customer experience management and the emergence of social business tools and practices. Read more about us or learn how to advertise here. We also have a Reader Advisory Board. More: Monthly Editorial Calendar Article Submission Guidelines DX Summit 2016 Advertiser Media Kit Stay In the Loop Get Our Newsletter Most Popular Articles OpenText's Loss, RSA's Gain: Rohit Ghai Leaves Dell EMC ECD view comments 12 Ways AI Has or Will Change Content Management view comments Atlassian to Acquire Trello in $425M Enterprise Collaboration Deal view comments The Advantages of Google AMP: Why Marketers Should Embrace It ASAP view comments What's the Next Step in the Evolution of AI? view comments Recent Comments © 2017 Simpler Media Group, Inc. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy. Terms of Use. Powered by Sitecore and Coveo. SMGP v2.1.6222.1889. NL-01a Get the CMSWire Newsletter Receive concise summaries of what's happening in your industry Get access to exclusive reports, white papers and webinars We take your privacy seriously NL-03a Get the CMSWire Newsletter You'll receive: Exclusive Articles Latest White Papers Early Event Invites Join 55,000 subscribers and growing We take your privacy seriously Get the CMSWire Newsletter Join 55,000 subscribers and growing We take your privacy seriously You'll receive Exclusive Articles Latest White Papers Webinar Invites NL-03a Join 55,000 of your peers Get the CMSWire newsletter. Access exclusive news, best practices and events.
Right now Today's high Today's low Full weather report Full traffic report News Weather Traffic Markets Go Skip to Main Window News Local Weather Traffic Closings National News Video Blogs Sports Phillies High School Eagles Flyers Sixers Blogs National Sports Video Business Entertainment News & Gossip Music Lifestyle Features / People Blogs Blogtown Food Obituaries Opinion Our say Sound off Letters to the Editor Columnists Blogs Blogs Staff Blogs Community Blogs Marketplace Jobs Weekly Ads Local Guide Today's Ads Classifieds Public Notices Tools Contact Us Advertise with Us Submit Announcements Work for Us Order Photo Reprints Contests Subscribe Manage Your Subscription E-Paper Mobile Apps Text Alerts Email Newsletter Sign up Manage Email Newsletters RSS Newspapers in Education GasBuddy # Twitter Reddit Pinterest ... Email Print Tumblr LinkedIn StumbleUpon Tweet Home â News What to Watch this Weekend: “The Accountant,” “A Series of Unfortunate Events: Season 1” and more streaming show picks Courtesy of Universal Pictures Home Entertainment By Amy Longsdorf, For Digital First Media Posted: 01/13/17, 8:16 AM EST | Updated: 1 day ago # Comments When stand-up superstar Kevin Hart came home to Philadelphia for the finale of his comedy tour, he wound up performing in front of a sold-out crowd of more than 53,000 people at the city’s Lincoln Financial Field. “Kevin Hart: What Now?” captures that rambunctious show, which features Hart riffing on some of his favorite topics like his girlfriend and his height. But arguably the funniest bits are his extended routines about such diverse subjects as Starbucks, the men’s room in the San Francisco airport and “The Conjuring.” In spite of a penchant for shouting too much of his monologues, “What Now” will leave you giggling. On Amazon, Google, iTunes and Vudu Also New to Streaming A Series of Unfortunate Events: Season 1: Jim Carey played the dastardly Count Olaf in the movie adaptation of Daniel Handler’s book series. And now Neil Patrick Harris gets a crack at the flamboyant baddie who makes life miserable for the three orphans who’ve been placed in his care. Reportedly, the first season of the Netflix program will cover four of the 13 novels, giving Olaf plenty of opportunities to try and separate the youngsters from their fortune. Patrick Warburton narrates and Alfre Woodard and Joan Cusack play supporting roles. On Netflix. Advertisement *** Bright Lights: Starring Debbie Reynolds and Carrie Fisher: Originally scheduled for a March bow, HBO moved up this Cannes Film-premiering documentary to pay tribute to the mother/daughter duo who died within a day of each other last year. Expect a funny and ultimately bittersweet picture full of film footage, interviews, never-before-seen photos and vintage home movies. By all accounts, it’s a honey of a doc with the “fabulously original” pair coming off, in critic David Rooney’s words, as “the Hollywood version of ‘Grey Gardens.’” On HBO Now. *** The Accountant: This peculiar action thriller pivots on an autistic man named Christian (Ben Affleck) who happens to be a math genius, a never-miss sniper and an expert in hand-to-hand combat. It’s more than a little far-fetched. Still, director Gavin O’Connor deserves credit for attempting to make a big-budget movie so strange and unexpected. And individual scenes are compelling, particularly the ones involving hints of a romance between Christian and another numbers-cruncher (Anna Kendrick) and the flashbacks flushing out Christian’s childhood. It’s not perfect but “The Accountant” manages to hit the action sweet spot more times than it misses. On Amazon, Google, iTunes and Vudu *** My King: Admitted to a rehab facility following a skiing accident, an attorney named Tony (Emmanuelle Bercot) flashes back to her toxic marriage to her restaurateur husband (Vincent Cassel). It might sound corny but the film’s decision to equate Tony’s physical healing with her emotional rebirth works beautifully. Actress-turned-filmmaker Maiwenn beautifully captures the push-pull of the romance between opposites. It’s a shame about the film’s overlong running time but otherwise “My King” is the rare relationship drama that feels like real life. On Amazon, Google, iTunes and Vudu *** The Idol: Based on a true story, this crowd-pleaser unreels the saga of Mohammed Assaf, a native of Gaza who overcomes great odds to compete on “Arab Idol,” the most popular show in the Arab world. The action begins with the golden-throated Assaf (Qais Atallah) being persuaded to perform by his spunky sister (Hiba Atallah). A decade or so later, Assaf (now played by Tawfeek Barhom) is singing at weddings and driving a taxi to pay his bills but he never loses his passion for music. Director Hany Abu-Assad’s (“Omar”) straightforward telling of this saga beautifully serves the actors and the clear-eyed script. On Amazon, Google, iTunes and Vudu *** Counter Clockwise: Writer/director/producer/editor/cinematographer George Moise deserves a lot of credit for concocting a time-travel thriller which keeps upending expectations at every turn. Sure, “Counter Clockwise” eventually slips off the rails but for a good long while it keeps you intrigued with the saga of a scientist (Michael Kopelow) who sends himself six months into the future. Trouble arises when he discovers that his future self is wanted for murdering both his wife and sister. Even though it grows too complicated – and the ending turns unspeakably nasty – there’s enough invention here to impress even the most hardcore sci-fi fan. On Amazon, Google, iTunes and Vu FOR THE KIDS Long Way North: This animated gem has a lot going for it, including a strong human element and hand-drawn animation that pleases the eye. But, best of all, it delivers the girl power goods. Set in 19th century Russia, the saga revolves around Sacha, a young aristocrat who dreams of big adventures. Instead of submitting to an arranged marriage, she flees her family and launches a journey to the Great North in search of her explorer grandfather. Expect to be blown away by this gem. On Amazon, Google, iTunes and Vudu TEEN TITLES Max Steel: All Max McGrath (Ben Winchell) wants to do is fit in at his new school but when he meets Steel, a rebellious techno-organic alien, he discovers that he’s intended for bigger things. Together, the pair joins up to become Max Steel, a superhero capable of stopping the sinister forces in the universe. Andy Garcia and Maria Bello co-star in the sci-fi adventure. On Amazon, Google, iTunes and Vudu *** Apple of My Eye: Billed as an inspirational film for the whole family, this drama centers on a young girl (Avery Arendes) who defines herself by her equestrian abilities. When she loses her eyesight in a traumatic accident, she nearly gives up on life until she meets a Guide Dog trainer (Burt Reynolds) who introduces her to her new companion, the miniature horse Apple. In no time, the creature has become Avery’s new best friend and her eyes. The supporting cast includes Amy Smart and “The Flash’s” Liam McIntyre. On Amazon, Google, iTunes and Vudu Subscribe to Home Delivery for only $2.50 per week! Top Stories ‹ › MOST POPULAR Day Week News Sports Biz A&E Email Life Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Daily Local News Facebook Twitter RSS Feed Copyright © Daily Local News Copyright notice Privacy Policy Site Map Arbitration Digital First Media
Skip to content OU Home Study at the OU About the OU Research at the OU Search Contact   Accessibility   Home About Search Browse User Area Short URL Help Google expeditions and fieldwork: friends or foes? Tudor, Ana-Despna; Minocha, Shailey; Tilling, Steve; Needham, Richard and Cutler, Marianne (2017). Google expeditions and fieldwork: friends or foes? In: ASE (The Association for Science Education, UK) Annual Conference 2017, 4-7 January 2017, University of Reading, UK. Full text available as: Preview PDF (Not Set) - Requires a PDF viewer such as GSview, Xpdf or Adobe Acrobat Reader Download (4Mb) | Preview Google Scholar: Look up in Google Scholar Abstract Google Expeditions is a Virtual Reality (VR) approach being promoted by Google in schools globally. Google Expeditions are guided tours (field trips) of places that students experience on a smartphone through a virtual reality viewer called Google cardboard. The Open University (OU), UK are conducting a school-based research project (funded by Google and the OU; July 2016 - June 2017) on the potential use of VR via Google Expeditions in secondary school science and geography. The project is being co-led by Field Studies Council, and UK's Association for Science Education and Geographical Association are the two partnering organisations. This workshop provided an opportunity to try out Google Expeditions and to explore how they could be used to support teaching and learning, including fieldwork. Are Google Expeditions a threat to traditional field trips or could they become a complementary tool for strengthening the quality of outdoor learning, for example by providing an immersive technology which adds context and substance to pre-field preparation, in-field activities and post-field revision and reflection? Item Type: Conference Item Copyright Holders: The Open University, UK Project Funding Details: Funded Project Name Project ID Funding Body Virtual Reality Reseach Award: Pedagogical and usability evaluations of Google Expeditions Not Set Google Keywords: fieldwork, fieldwork skills, field trips, Google Cardboard, Google Expeditions, inquiry-based learning, physical field trips, Science education in Schools, spatial learning, spatial literacy, virtual field trips, virtual reality, virtual reality headsets Academic Unit/School: Faculty of Science, Technology, Engineering and Mathematics (STEM) > Computing and Communications Faculty of Science, Technology, Engineering and Mathematics (STEM) Interdisciplinary Research Centre: Centre for Research in Computing (CRC) Related URLs: http://www.ase.org.uk/about-ase/(Other) https://www.google.co.uk/edu/expeditions...(Other) http://www.shaileyminocha.info/virtual-f...(Research Group) http://www.shaileyminocha.info/google-ex...(Research Group) http://oro.open.ac.uk/48070(ORO Item) https://www.linkedin.com/in/anadespinatu...(Author Website) https://www.linkedin.com/in/shaileyminoc...(Author Website) https://www.linkedin.com/in/steve-tillin...(Author Website) https://www.linkedin.com/in/viciascience(Author Website) https://www.linkedin.com/in/marianne-cut...(Author Website) http://oro.open.ac.uk/44881/(ORO Item) http://oro.open.ac.uk/46084/(ORO Item) https://vr.google.com/cardboard/(Research Group) Item ID: 48118 Depositing User: Shailey Minocha Date Deposited: 13 Jan 2017 15:31 Last Modified: 14 Jan 2017 17:13 URI: http://oro.open.ac.uk/id/eprint/48118 Share this page: Download history for this item These details should be considered as only a guide to the number of downloads performed manually. Algorithmic methods have been applied in an attempt to remove automated downloads from the displayed statistics but no guarantee can be made as to the accuracy of the figures. ▼ Automated document suggestions from open access sources Actions (login may be required) RDF+XMLBibTeXRIOXX2 XMLRDF+N-TriplesJSONDublin CoreAtomOAI-ORE Resource Map (Atom Format)Simple MetadataReferMETSOAI-ORE Resource Map (RDF Format)HTML CitationASCII CitationMultiline CSVRefMan RIS Format (UTF-8)OpenURL ContextObjectEndNoteMODSOpenURL ContextObject in SpanMPEG-21 DIDLEP3 XMLRefMan RIS FormatRDF+N3Eprints Application Profile Policies | Disclaimer New to OU OU on TV For Alumni For Employers Privacy Copyright Jobs News Cymraeg © The Open University   + 44 (0)870 333 4340   general-enquiries@open.ac.uk
Limited Time Offer: Save 30% on PRO with code GOPRO17 » My Cart (0) Member Login | About Us | Become a Member | Contact Us Real Time Most Recent Articles Podcasts Newsletters Opinions Jobs Store Discussion Forum Topics Formats Articles Podcasts Online Seminars Tutorials Guides and Reports Tools Opinions Show All » Topics Most Recent Advertising Brand Management Career Management Content Customer Behavior Customer Relationships Email Marketing General Management Graphic Design Market Research Marketing Strategy Metrics & ROI Mobile Non-Profit Pricing Public Relations Sales Search Engine Marketing Segmentation Social Media Web Sites Word-of-Mouth Writing More Marketing Topics » Training MarketingProfs University PRO Membership MarketingProfs Enterprise Solutions See All » Events Schedule of Events Upcoming Conferences Online Seminars Virtual Conference Series Join Now Membership Benefits Products and ServicesJoin Now Login Topics Articles Podcasts Online Seminars Tutorials Guides and Reports Tools Opinions Real-World Education for Modern Marketers Join Over 600,000 Marketing Professionals Start here! N E X T Email Print Save Text:  A A #SocialSkim: Why LinkedIn Just Lost 6 Million Users, Twitters Plans to Shift Course: 13 Stories This Week by Christian Neri  |   January 13, 2017  |  2,435 views Tweet Kindle Email Top This week's 'Skim highlights: LinkedIn steals headlines in its fight with the Kremlin; Twitter distances itself from... social media; Snapchat builds new, lead-generating ad capabilities; the ultimate LinkedIn cheat sheet for maximizing views; social's role in hot B2B trends; the latest on whether your YouTube ad investment is paying off; Mark Zuckerberg's potential dive into politics; and much more... Skim for your weekly fix of social news, tips, and tricks! 1. Russia removed LinkedIn from its app stores, and Apple and Google complied Users in Russia can no longer download LinkedIn on their smartphones, following a demand by the Russian government that Apple and Google remove the app from their app stores. LinkedIn has been accused of violating the nation's data storage law, which requires any company collecting data on Russian citizens store that data within the country's borders. LinkedIn says its 6 million registered Russian users are the real losers, now left unable to grow their businesses using the platform. The data storage law has been in place since 2014, but LinkedIn is the first major social network to be blocked in Russia. Critics say the move is an attack on social networks by a government that's grown increasingly hostile to Internet freedoms. 2. Twitter looks for light, redefines itself once again Twitter is now the number one "news" app in the world. Ever since the ex-social network recategorized itself in app stores across all platforms, it's shot up in rankings as the company continues to reposition not as a place for people to stalk photos of friends but as one to see what's happening. At CES 2017, Twitter's CMO said people were confused about what to do on the platform, and always felt pressure to tweet and constantly update. Now, the company says, those preoccupations of the past are not necessary. But the app's reinvention and neutral stance has come at a price: stories of rampant cyberbullying and the platform's significant role in communication from the now President-Elect shaped opinions about it. For better or for worse, Twitter will be there for all the news that fits into 140-characters in 2017. 3. How and why your brand should create a Facebook bot Thought about putting the tools of Facebook Messenger to better use for your brand in this new year? Chatbots can be a great way to help answer your customers' frequently asked questions and free up more time to for your team to identify higher quality leads. The social network now lets brands install chatbots on their business pages, which means it's easier than ever for a company to save time and respond to frivolous requests by constructing a set of menus or keywords that guide users. The Social Media Examiner brings real-life examples to get your brand on the right path to building a bot, with a step-by-step guide covering conception to launch. 4. Snapchat boosts mobile ads with outbound capabilities Snap Ads that are inserted between Stories or on Snapchat's Discover content just got a whole lot smarter. And they are starting to make the platform's ad business look a lot like Facebook's. By deep-linking, the new ad types allow advertisers to link users out of the Snapchat and straight into their own apps if users also have the advertiser's app downloaded. A new auto-fill feature also lets advertisers easily collect information from users who choose to provide it; for example, a food delivery company can prompt users to sign up for its service by letting Snapchat give the company the contact information the user had previously opted to share. The new ad tests could prove that engagement on Snapchat can move beyond the app itself, and that would be a good sign for both the platform and advertisers. 5. Facebook Live videos might not be so truthful, and that's a problem TechCrunch argues that it's time for the social giant to crack down on Facebook Live abuse, noting several alarming examples of both social-only pages and big-name publishing partners using the platform for non-live events. They're doing so to take advantage of automatic notifications for users and Facebook's algorithm, which prioritizes Live over regular video posts. Five of the top ten Live videos in 2016 were things like countdown clocks, and big-name publishers like Unilad received more than 19 million views for an ostensible live stream... that was recorded in 2013. Though Facebook encourages only live content to be broadcast, its rules leave the door open to previously recorded material, and that should be concerning to publishers and users alike. 6. The ultimate LinkedIn cheat sheet to maximize your views Only 51% of LinkedIn members have completed profiles, even though it's the primary factor the social network's algorithm uses to rank its search results. But optimizing your LinkedIn profiles goes well behind cropping a profile photo and getting recommendations from colleagues and clients. Luckily, LeisureJobs has an infographic to ease all your greatest fears, and get you on the right track to maximizing views of your page, which could lead to more sales leads for you B2B marketers. Check out the full infographic on MarketingProfs. https://www.marketingprofs.com/chirp/2017/31281/the-ultimate-linkedin-cheat-sheet-infographic 7. Music star Ed Sheeran hides his new single in a Snapchat lens Out with the iTunes exclusives, and in with the Snapchat lenses. At least that's Ed Sheeran's approach at teasing his new single, "Shape of You." The Grammy-award winning British singer has partnered with Snapchat to create an augmented reality lens for users, who with the click of a button can turn themselves into sunglass-wearing clubgoers with a 30-second clip of Sheeran's latest single playing in the background. The artist is using primarily social media to tease his new album across platforms, from publishing cryptic images on Twitter to sharing lyrics on Facebook. It also marks a new trend for Snapchat. Its foray into music shouldn't be ignored. ED SHEERAN'S SNAPCHAT FILTER JUST CHANGED THE GAME. pic.twitter.com/DNAumGAll0 — Alex Goldschmidt (@alexandergold) January 5, 2017 8. Snapchat or Instagram: Which is better for your business? After Instagram's launch of Stories, it became apparent that Facebook plans to use Instagram as its Snapchat-killer, copying all the most popular features that differentiated Snapchat from the rest. But that doesn't mean that your business should call it quits on Snapchat. Sure, Instagram boasts twice as many daily active users, but there are other, more important differences between the platforms that could determine which is the right fit for your business. From ease of use and the age breakdown of their users, to the pros and cons of specific features and how they can boost your business, dive in to see which is right for you. 9. Are your YouTube ads worthwhile? If you're using pre-roll ads on YouTube to spread your message, a recent survey from UBS Evidence Lab has some positive, or potentially saddening, insights, depending on how you view Millennials. The survey indicates that most (59%) of 18- 34-year-olds watch ads until they're able to skip them via YouTube's skip button, but a good portion (29%) still watch the ads all the way through. Moreover, only 11% of American Millennials report using ad blockers to browse YouTube ad-free. Depending on what you've heard about the rise of ad blockers, those are potentially uplifting numbers that prove pre-roll isn't dead, but that also prove that producing more engaging content might be the only way to rise above the ad-blocking trend. Oh, and in case you forgot, YouTube is still the third most popular social network among Millennials. 10. Facebook to begin testing mid-roll ads, and why that's good for users Facebook is ready to test something publishers have been hoping for a while, and something the social network has, until now, opted to avoid: mid-roll video ads that insert an advertiser's video in the middle of video rather than at the beginning or end. The new revenue stream will be split 55% to 45%, in the video producers' favor, and the ads will only display after at least 20 seconds of a minimum 90-second video has been watched. Since monetization requires longer watch times, the test of the ad format should encourage publishers to create longer, more engaging videos. What do you think? Will Facebook's mid-roll ad unit be too distracting for users? 11. Social media to play a big role in 2017 hottest trends for B2Bs [infographic] The top marketing tactic employed by B2B content marketers in 2017 will be social media as brands take a bold step to try to mimic the B2C industry's success in what's been a primary content marketing outlet for them. And in terms of content distribution, LinkedIn will act as the second most popular channel for B2B content marketers after email, followed by Twitter and Facebook. Free up space on your content calendars, people. 12. Could Mark Zuckerberg dive into politics? Speculation is growing that Facebook's founder and CEO is gearing up for a political career, particularly with the declaration of his 2017 personal challenge to meet and listen to people in all 50 states. Zuckerberg has already met with countless world leaders, from Barack Obama and the Presidents of Brazil and Mexico to the Prime Minister of India; and his big battle to maintain voting control of the company if he resigns or takes a leave of absence to work in government could be a strong indication of the CEO's plans. Sure, he might have to deal with people's disappointment with Facebook's fake news controversy, but that could be small fish for a grand political career. What government post do you think Zuckerberg might eye? 13. We'll wrap with the social media influencers redefining norms with Maybelline For its latest campaign, Maybelline approached digital beauty influencers for the first time, and also happened to break the mold and select the first male ambassador in the company's history. Manny Gutierrez, known to followers as Manny MUA, is an openly gay beauty influencer with massive followings across his social channels, and Maybelline stole the headlines this week when it announced he would be the face of their new campaign alongside fellow social media influencer Shayla Mitchell. Here's to breaking down barriers and changing opinions. Join over 600,000 marketing professionals, and gain access to thousands of marketing resources! Don't worry ... it's FREE! WANT TO READ MORE? SIGN UP TODAY ... IT'S FREE! Work email: We will never sell or rent your email address to anyone. We value your privacy. (We hate spam as much as you do.) See our privacy policy. Sign in with one of your preferred accounts below: Loading... Christian Neri is pursuing a master's in digital marketing at the IÉSEG School of Management. Formerly in film publicity, he is an American expat in France who loves digital strategy, breaking news, and chèvre. Twitter: @christianneri Advertising, B2B Marketing, Content, Facebook, Instagram, LinkedIn, Marketing Strategy, Millennials, Snapchat, Social Media, SocialSkim, Twitter, YouTube You may also like Four Ways to Use Social Listening to Boost Customer Loyalty How to Make Powerful Facebook Ads With the Help of Your Customer ... The Ultimate LinkedIn Cheat Sheet [Infographic] Facebook Advertising 101 [Infographic] #SocialSkim: LinkedIn's Latest Changes, How Social Will Change ... 10 Rules for Effective Facebook Marketing [Infographic] #SocialSkim: Messenger's Major Overhaul; Broken Social Metrics; ... Real-Time Marketing: Five Tips for Surviving in Our Brave New ... 2017's Top 10 Digital Branding and Marketing Trends [Infographic] Video Viewing on Social Networks: Trends and Consumer Preferences Why Instagram Matters to Marketing [Infographic] #SocialSkim: Facebook vs. Netflix; Instagram Live Video; Twitter ... Operation FOMO: Three Ways to Turn Customer Envy Into Engagement Spanning the Decades: How to Market to Each Generation on Social ... JavaScript required to submit ratings... Rate this   Log in to add a rating Overall rating Not rated yet. Add a Comment Subscribe Today IT'S FREE! Become a member to get the tools and knowledge you need to market smarter. we respect your privacy. Stay connected! Don't miss a bit of MarketingProfs ... join the 600,000 marketers following us. Most Popular How-to Articles Goodbye Google Keyword Planner, Hello Keyword Research Using PPC by David Zimmerman The Ultimate LinkedIn Cheat Sheet [Infographic] by Laura Forer #SocialSkim: Why LinkedIn Just Lost 6 Million Users, Twitters ... by Christian Neri The Most Effective Digital Channels to Include in 2017 Marketing ... by Ayaz Nanji 10 Rules for Effective Facebook Marketing [Infographic] by Laura Forer See more marketing articles » Editors' PRO Picks Seminar: Create Meaningful Experiences for Your Brand Brian Solis shares why great products, creative marketing, and delightful customer service are no longer enough to win customers. more Take 10: How to Leverage Your Online Community Presented by: Paul Chaney In just 10 minutes, we'll share six practical tips that will help you tap into your online community to grow your business and benefit your customers. more How-To Guide: Build Your Content Marketing Dream Team In this 22-page guide, you'll learn how to identify the key hires to get your team started, what traits and skills to look for in your key hires, how to manage freelancers, and much more! more SmartTools: Email Campaign Planner Through eight simple to follow, well-defined steps, SmartTools: Email Campaign Planner will help you establish an effective email marketing program to gather and convert leads. more How-To-Guide: The Perfect Pitch: Hit a Home Run With Every Headline, Subject Line, and Call to Action Learn how to write headlines that will inspire your audience to read and want more. more Seminar: SEO—How Customer Experience Impacts Search Learn the most important elements of, and key changes in, customer search behavior. We'll also cover how to drive conversations through SEO, content, and social media. more Take 10: Three Steps for Using Influencer Video to Increase Your Bottom Line Presented by: Mark Lerner In just 10 minutes, you'll learn three simple steps to source quality influencer video and use it to impact your bottom line in a meaningful and measurable way. more   MarketingProfs uses single sign-on with Facebook, Twitter, Google and others to make subscribing and signing in easier for you. That's it, and nothing more! Rest assured that MarketingProfs: • will not provide your social data to 3rd parties • will not contact friends on your network • will not post messages on your behalf • will not interact with your social accounts Your data is secure with MarketingProfs SocialSafe! What's new on MarketingProfs? #SocialSkim: Why LinkedIn Just Lost 6 Million Users, Twitters Plans ... 1/13/2017 at 10:00 AM Social Media Which Mobile Messaging Channels to Use in Which Real-World Situations 1/13/2017 at 10:00 AM Mobile The 10 Biggest E-Commerce Shopping Days of 2016 1/13/2017 at 9:00 AM Customer Behavior How to Create Infographics Using PowerPoint or Keynote [Infographic] 1/12/2017 at 10:00 AM Graphic Design Four Ways to Use Social Listening to Boost Customer Loyalty 1/12/2017 at 10:00 AM Social Media How to Make Powerful Facebook Ads With the Help of Your Customer ... 1/12/2017 at 10:00 AM Advertising How Digital Marketers Are Using Visual Content [Infographic] 1/12/2017 at 9:00 AM Content The Ultimate LinkedIn Cheat Sheet [Infographic] 1/11/2017 at 10:00 AM Career Management Funnel Metrics, Attribution, and Measuring Marketing ROI in Any ... 1/11/2017 at 10:00 AM Metrics & ROI Competitive Marketing Intelligence? Yep, There's a Chatbot for That! 1/11/2017 at 10:00 AM Market Research Marketing and Advertising Executives' Hiring Plans for 2017 1/11/2017 at 9:00 AM Career Management Facebook Advertising 101 [Infographic] 1/10/2017 at 10:00 AM Social Media Three Major Shifts That Will Transform Video Marketing in 2017 1/10/2017 at 10:00 AM Marketing Strategy Marketing Video: Sales and Marketing Alignment—Stop Passing the Baton ... 1/10/2017 at 10:00 AM Sales How the Role of the CMO Is Changing 1/10/2017 at 9:00 AM General Management The Ultimate Local SEO Guide [Infographic] 1/9/2017 at 10:00 AM Search Engine Marketing Five Ways B2B Marketing Will Change in 2017: All Roads Lead to ... 1/9/2017 at 10:00 AM Marketing Strategy The Most Important Google Search Rank Factors [Infographic] 1/9/2017 at 9:00 AM Search Engine Marketing #SocialSkim: LinkedIn's Latest Changes, How Social Will Change in ... 1/6/2017 at 10:00 AM Social Media Five Effective Customer-Data Tactics: Resolutions for the New Year 1/6/2017 at 10:00 AM Metrics & ROI Resources MarketingProfs University What's New How-To Articles Case Studies Online Marketing Seminars Guides and Reports Store Newsletters MarketingProfs Mobile Apps Community Conferences and Events Discussion Forum Member Benefits Testimonials Join the Community Follow Us on Twitter Company About Us Executive Team Write For Us Speak For Us Advertise With Us Affiliate Program Licensing/Republishing RSS/Syndication Partners Privacy Refund Policy Contact Us Marketing Topics Advertising Brand Management Career Management Content Customer Behavior Customer Relationships Email Marketing General Management Graphic Design Market Research Metrics & ROI Mobile Non-Profit Pricing Public Relations Sales Search Engine Marketing Segmentation Social Media Strategy Web Sites Word-of-Mouth Writing More Topics » Copyright © 2000-2017 MarketingProfs LLC. All rights reserved. Terms of use.
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search 0 Mail Tech Home Follow Us Reviews How To Deals Video Games Pogue Apple Our favorite Google Pixel and Pixel XL clear case is on sale right now for $3 Maren Estrada BGR NewsJanuary 13, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share Okay boys and girls, you’re going to have to move quickly on this one because it’s only good while supplies last. The Google Pixel and Google Pixel XL are two of the hottest smartphones on the planet right now. They’re also made entirely of aluminum and glass, so they absolutely need protection. Protecting your Pixel or Pixel XL doesn’t have to mean ruining the look or hiding the phones under a bunch of ugly plastic, however. Check out the Noot Clear Hard Back with Soft TPU Gel Bumper for the Google Pixel or the Google Pixel XL. Both versions are on sale for $3 with free Prime shipping right now, but only if you hurry. Some highlights from the product page: Only compatible with the Google Pixel or Google Pixel XL This transparent, slim and protective case comes with a hard back cover. The sides are soft TPU gel bumpers to protect your Google Pixel from drops. This crystal clear case is made of polycarbonate for a shock absorbing frame and scratch resistant to protect your Google Pixel. Raised hard lip protects the front screen display from scratches and scrapes. Accurate cutouts for the camera, power button, speakers, volume buttons, and charging port. The cutouts are bigger to provide easy access to all ports. Because the volume and power buttons are bigger, they are more responsive. 24-month hassle-free warranty on your Google Pixel case. Note that when you click through to the product pages, you might see $9.99 listed as the price. Look over in the right-hand column for the “other sellers” section, and you’ll see the $3 price in there if any are left. Google Pixel Case Cover - Noot Products Basic Clear Hard Back with Soft TPU Gel Bumper - Clear: $3.00 Google Pixel XL Case Cover - Noot Products Basic Clear Hard Back with Soft TPU Gel Bumper - Cle…: $3 Trending right now: Astronomers just discovered a ‘Hot Jupiter,’ and it’s absolutely massive It looks like Samsung just leaked the Galaxy S8 in two promo videos The NES Classic Edition was in stock at Best Buy for just 20 minutes See the original version of this article on BGR.com Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share What to Read Next 9 tech-friendly gifts for people obsessed with travel Yahoo Tech 2017 Honda CR-V Central Iowa Honda DealersSponsored Galaxy S7, S7 Edge Get Android Nougat Update International Business Times Wristband monitors your blood alcohol content while you drink Yahoo Tech Got 50 bucks burning a hole in your pocket? Here’s the best tech to spend it on Digital Trends Marijuana Millionaire #2 MONEY MORNINGSponsored Showdown in the South China Sea: China’s artificial islands explained Digital Trends $40 device doubles the storage of your 32GB iPhone 7 or 7 Plus BGR News Privacy |Terms |About our Ads |Suggestions Brought to you by Yahoo Finance
₦airaland Forum Welcome, Guest: Join Nairaland / LOGIN! / Trending / Recent / New Stats: 1,727,818 members, 3,310,565 topics. Date: Monday, 16 January 2017 at 02:21 AM Google Celebrates Nigerian Author - Flora Nwapa - Literature - Nairaland Nairaland Forum / Entertainment / Literature / Google Celebrates Nigerian Author - Flora Nwapa (13721 Views) Celeberating Flora Nwapa's 86th Posthumous Birthday / Nigerian Author Highlights Gay Characters In New Novel / Meet Flora Nwapa, Africa`s First Woman Novelist And First Novel Publisher (1) (2) (3) (4) (0) (1) (Reply) (Go Down) Google Celebrates Nigerian Author - Flora Nwapa by Jobia(f): 5:04pm On Jan 13 Nigeria’s Flora Nwapa is Today’s Google Celebrity Post by Iheoma Hendy January 13, 2017 Advertisement Today, Friday, 13th January 2016, google is celebrating a renowned Nigerian author, Flora Nwapa. This can be seen at the top image which appears on the google home page, just above the search engine icon. Google through its home page sometimes celebrates notable personalities who have in one way contributed to humanity. Flora Nwapa has a legacy of being the forerunner to a generation of African women writers. She is the first Nigerian woman writer and the first African woman to publish a novel through her Tata Press. In 1966 her book, Efuru, Nwapa became Africa’s first internationally published female novel in the English language (Heinemann Educational Books). Also Read: On Becoming – Excerpts From Toke Makinwa’s Must Tell Book Nwapa has been called the mother of modern African literature. She also is known for her governmental work in reconstruction after the Biafran War. In particular, she worked with orphans and refugees that were displaced during the war. Furthermore, she worked as a publisher of African literature and promoted women in African society. Born 13 January 1931, in Oguta, Florence Nwanzuruahu Nkiru Nwapa, while never considering herself a feminist, is best known for recreating life and traditions from a woman’s viewpoint. She saw her work as an intervention in an African literary culture where women were often portrayed from a male-centered perspective. She saw her novels as an attempt to think of African femininity beyond the idea of victimization. She was tired of the way male writers represented African women in their novels. African women were more than simply poor traders, prostitutes, and unhappy wives. Writing her own novels allowed her to refashion African femininity through complex and multi-faceted characters. As a writer, Nwapa drew inspiration from everywhere. Her writing was influenced by Achebe and Christopher Okigbo, who were also her close friends, but she also drew inspiration from Hemingway and Bernard Shaw. Nwapa’s work inspired a generation of writers and thinkers, the most prominent of which is Chimamanda Adichie. Adichie has said that she owes her success as a writer to Nwapa’s pioneering work. Read Also: Another Chimamanda Adichie’s Story Attracts Film Adaptation Flora Nwapa died of pneumonia on 16 October 1993 in Enugu, Nigeria. Her works include; Novels Efuru (1966) Idu Never Again (1975) One is Enough (1981) Women are Different (1986) Short Stories/Poems This is Lagos and Other Stories (1971) Cassava Song and Rice Song (1986) Wives at War and Other Stories (1980) Children’s books Emeka, Driver’s Guard (1972) Mammywater (1979) Journey to Space (1980) The Miracle Kittens (1980) The Adventures of Deke (1980) http://buzznigeria.com/flora-nwapa-google-celebrity/ cc Lalasticlala 9 Likes 1 Share Re: Google Celebrates Nigerian Author - Flora Nwapa by Jobia(f): 5:05pm On Jan 13 Lalasticlala Re: Google Celebrates Nigerian Author - Flora Nwapa by shaboti(m): 5:11pm On Jan 13 Beautiful woman Re: Google Celebrates Nigerian Author - Flora Nwapa by Janetessy(f): 5:40pm On Jan 13 Wow Igbo women are beautiful and smart #datigboGurl 48 Likes 2 Shares Re: Google Celebrates Nigerian Author - Flora Nwapa by MeGaStReEt: 5:41pm On Jan 13 Meanwhile... 2 Likes Re: Google Celebrates Nigerian Author - Flora Nwapa by ConcNiggress56(f): 5:41pm On Jan 13 Igbo repping us since 1960 25 Likes Re: Google Celebrates Nigerian Author - Flora Nwapa by Soreza(m): 5:42pm On Jan 13 THIS IS WHY I WANT GOD TO GIVE US OUR OWN NATION. 26 Likes 4 Shares Re: Google Celebrates Nigerian Author - Flora Nwapa by Adonis7: 5:42pm On Jan 13 MeGaStReEt: Meanwhile... Can you please explain the highlighted.. 1 Like Re: Google Celebrates Nigerian Author - Flora Nwapa by Humulity: 5:42pm On Jan 13 Mama Africa................ Re: Google Celebrates Nigerian Author - Flora Nwapa by Chiefpriest1(m): 5:43pm On Jan 13 Great author. I remember reading "Efuru" in primary six as a youngster. Those were the days. Heard she was also heavily involved in the rehabilitation of women and children after the Biafran war. I guess Chimanmanda is continuing from where she stopped. Great women of Africa 15 Likes 2 Shares Re: Google Celebrates Nigerian Author - Flora Nwapa by superfelix: 5:43pm On Jan 13 Re: Google Celebrates Nigerian Author - Flora Nwapa by sorom4: 5:43pm On Jan 13 That ManUtd editor should be let to know how Nigerians are celebrated 1 Like Re: Google Celebrates Nigerian Author - Flora Nwapa by abumeinben(m): 5:43pm On Jan 13 Janetessy: Wow Igbo women are beautiful and smart #datigboGurl Google called her Nigerian, and you called her Igbo...I can see our internal friction far exceeds external drag. 7 Likes 1 Share Re: Google Celebrates Nigerian Author - Flora Nwapa by Rapuru14: 5:44pm On Jan 13 Obu Nwa afo 15 Likes Re: Google Celebrates Nigerian Author - Flora Nwapa by Anticorruption: 5:44pm On Jan 13 read Efuru back then 70-80s were cool till buhari came 9 Likes Re: Google Celebrates Nigerian Author - Flora Nwapa by bankyblue(m): 5:45pm On Jan 13 for once.....good NEWS, outside MMM COMING BACK Re: Google Celebrates Nigerian Author - Flora Nwapa by TheBiafran(m): 5:46pm On Jan 13 waiting for them to celebrate any female writer from............ you know where the other people belong to ZA OZA ROOM so no need waiting for them too except if ........ you know nah.. meanwhile check my pic! igbo amaka!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 28 Likes Re: Google Celebrates Nigerian Author - Flora Nwapa by Janetessy(f): 5:48pm On Jan 13 abumeinben: Google called her Nigerian, and you called her Igbo...I can see our internal friction far exceeds external drag. That one na English u dey speak Is internal friction the same as Viscosity in liquids? 17 Likes 1 Share Re: Google Celebrates Nigerian Author - Flora Nwapa by danidee10(m): 5:48pm On Jan 13 Afonja's and Flatonja's will soon derail this thread as usual 4 Likes Re: Google Celebrates Nigerian Author - Flora Nwapa by julioralph(m): 5:51pm On Jan 13 Nice. to all those young men doing gragra up and down, hope you guys have read her classic book---- Never Again Re: Google Celebrates Nigerian Author - Flora Nwapa by Chinyeresandra(f): 5:52pm On Jan 13 Wow.I really enjoyed readin Efuru. Re: Google Celebrates Nigerian Author - Flora Nwapa by abumeinben(m): 5:53pm On Jan 13 Janetessy: That one na English u dey speak Is internal friction the same as Viscosity in liquids? So you sabi book small 1 Like Re: Google Celebrates Nigerian Author - Flora Nwapa by Janetessy(f): 5:55pm On Jan 13 abumeinben: So you sabi book small 2.1 B.SC Physics OAU 8 Likes 1 Share Re: Google Celebrates Nigerian Author - Flora Nwapa by SamuelAnyawu(m): 5:55pm On Jan 13 God Bless Imo State . 7 Likes Re: Google Celebrates Nigerian Author - Flora Nwapa by SamuelAnyawu(m): 5:56pm On Jan 13 danidee10: Afonja's and Flatonja's will soon derail this thread as usual You've just derailed this lovely thread 4 Likes Re: Google Celebrates Nigerian Author - Flora Nwapa by Ugomba(m): 5:56pm On Jan 13 look at how she was beautiful with less makeup and well dressed up attire. 3 Likes Re: Google Celebrates Nigerian Author - Flora Nwapa by killsmith(m): 5:57pm On Jan 13 Igbo amaka.... 6 Likes Re: Google Celebrates Nigerian Author - Flora Nwapa by koladebrainiac(m): 5:59pm On Jan 13 Our Igbos brother have lost their dream to Biafra. They dont see this woman as there hero only Kanu a yahoo yahoo boy They should retrace their hstory. At least they are trending for good news today Not the one we used to hear from Indonesia n Singapore 2 Likes Re: Google Celebrates Nigerian Author - Flora Nwapa by LordKushmann(m): 6:01pm On Jan 13 abumeinben: Google called her Nigerian, and you called her Igbo...I can see our internal friction far exceeds external drag.Ehhn so because na laudable achievement you wan call her Nigerian abi? Una dey see una double standard of reasoning. If na drug trafficking scandal now una go dey shout Yeebo, Biafra and all what not. Like it or not, She is IGBO and we're eternally proud of her and our being. Same way we claim all the drug traffickers both the ones alive, in jail and executed. It is not our fault, it is what happens when you're bombed, blockaded, and starved to death only for your wealth to be confiscated and you're given 20 pounds to start life afresh 16 Likes 1 Share Re: Google Celebrates Nigerian Author - Flora Nwapa by biaframustcome: 6:14pm On Jan 13 IGBO AMAKA http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GCyIiyOLV3o 9 Likes Re: Google Celebrates Nigerian Author - Flora Nwapa by legendte(m): 6:16pm On Jan 13 LordKushmann: Ehhn so because na laudable achievement you wan call her Nigerian abi? Una dey see una double standard of reasoning. If na drug trafficking scandal now una go dey shout Yeebo, Biafra and all what not. Like it or not, She is IGBO and we're eternally proud of her and our being. Same way we claim all the drug traffickers both the ones alive, in jail and executed. It is not our fault, it is what happens when you're bombed, blockaded, and starved to death only for your wealth to be confiscated and you're given 20 pounds to start life afresh Bless you bruv 12 Likes 1 Share Re: Google Celebrates Nigerian Author - Flora Nwapa by legendte(m): 6:16pm On Jan 13 They said we caused the war. Few military boys carried out a coup and the blood thirsty tribe killed our people. Awo supported the Aburi accord and later advised Gowon to do otherwise. Ojukwu had no choice but to defend his people. 244+ tribes against one tribe. Out of nothing they created things and formed a country. Foreign nations with their interest assisted the 244+ tribes to fight one tribe. Our Engineers created weapons and refined our oil. We matched stronger military to military. The very Awo had to advise Gowon to block foods for the innocent civilians. Ojukwu started the war to protect his people. In his judgement, there was no need to keep on the fight when his people started dying. He stopped the not because he was afraid nor because of hunger but because of his people. He was a brave soldier, educated and wealthy. Awo made sure we got just twenty pounds irrespective of how much you had. Our properties were declared abandoned property. 50 years later, the property grabbers are suffering even amidst of plenty. The very Awo was jailed and he later took his life. The blood thirsty tribes are being paid in their own coin. The 244+ tribes are no better. Today, no single tribe is more powerful than the Igbos in any human endeavour. Be it sports, education, entertainment, business and so on. We are Igbos and Igbos we shall remain. Igbo kwenu! 30 Likes 7 Shares (0) (1) (Reply) Post A Quote From A Book You're Reading or Have Read. Include the Book Title. / Strongest Villian In Naruto (Manga)? / Dotted Lines ... Viewing this topic: 1 guest(s) (Go Up) Sections: politics (1) business autos (1) jobs (1) career education (1) romance computers phones travel sports fashion health religion celebs tv-movies music-radio literature webmasters programming techmarket Links: (0) (1) (2) (3) (4) (5) (6) (7) (8) (9) Nairaland - Copyright © 2005 - 2017 Oluwaseun Osewa. All rights reserved. See How To Advertise. 81 Disclaimer: Every Nairaland member is solely responsible for anything that he/she posts or uploads on Nairaland.
Top Local Stories Sunday night becoming partly cloudy, stays chilly News Costs to fix sinkhole estimated at $78 million or more News Saturday night very cold again with clearing skies News Metro Detroit weather forecast: Missing a really big one Weather Metro Detroit forecast: Feeling like winter, again, Friday with sunshine Weather Metro Detroit weather: Temperatures drop below freezing Weather Metro Detroit weather forecast: Thunder and ice weren't nice! Weather In VW case, US takes aim at employees, not just corporation Automotive Freezing rain advisory in effect for parts of SE Michigan Weather Metro Detroit forecast: Rain and mid-50s to start with temps dropping fast Weather Metro Detroit weather: Temperatures rise into low 50s Weather EPA official: Improvement seen in Flint's water system Flint Water Crisis Auto Show Major storylines from the 2017 Detroit auto show Posted: 11:27 AM, January 13, 2017 Updated: 5:52 PM, January 13, 2017 Distributed by LAKANA. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. 2018 GMC Terrian DETROIT - Here's what's made news at the 2017 Detroit auto show: " target="_blank">Ford announces return of two icons: Bronco and Ranger - Expect the Ranger in 2019 and the Bronco in 2020. Both vehicles will be made in Michigan at Ford's Wayne plant.  Waymo (really, Google) reveals world's first self-driving minivan -  Google doesn't want to make cars, just the tech that lets them drive on their own. Other automakers shared autonomous driving tech, and everyone seems to expect the sci-fi fantasy will emerge into reality.  'Cars 3,' Automobili-D change the auto show - With CES in Las Vegas stealing auto thunder, the Detroit auto show began the process of reinventing itself this year. Tech is more and more the focus of the show, and even a company like Disney Pixar fits into the mix. Expect more of the same in 2018.  Chinese automaker GAC makes an appearance - Guangzho revealed three new models at the Detroit auto show, none available in North American until at least 2019. But GAC's appearance is another sign that Chinese automakers are eyeing the U.S. market. GM is already importing two cars from China: the Buick Envision and the Cadillac CT6 Plug-in Hybrid.  Must-see vehicles: Attending the show? Here are some must-see vehicles on the floor.  Volkswagen's concept Microbus, just because it'll tug on your nostalgia heart strings. Lincoln Navigator concept with a cool wing door.  The high-end Audi Q8 concept SUV. You probably can't afford it, but it had the industry watchers excited.  The beautiful new Lexus LS500.  The Kia (yes, Kia!) Stinger, which shows the automaker stretching well beyond its humble hatchback roots.  The all-electric Chevy Bolt, named the 2017 North American Car of the Year. Now, will anyone buy it? The new 2018 Toyota Camry, because it's one of the top-selling cars in the world. Minivan-lovers (or tolerators) will want to check out the gadget-rich Honda Odyssey minivan, complete with in-cab PA system and night-vision cam so you can spy on your kids without turning around. More headlines:  Lots of talk about Trump - How will the president-elect affect the U.S. auto industry? No one really knows, and it's scaring companies coming off record sales. It also had them front-loading talk about American-made (and most avoided mentioning Mexico). Autonomous tech - This makes the list twice, but it really dominated conversation all week long. Everyone had to account for their place in developing self-driving tech, and most automakers are in the mix.  Copyright 2017 by WDIV ClickOnDetroit - All rights reserved. Detroit Auto Show Bill Pugliano/Getty Images 13 cars guaranteed to impress you from the 2017 Detroit Auto Show Guide to the 2017 Detroit auto show Tonight at 7: Local 4's Charity Preview special Military members, veterans receive free entrance to NAIAS on Tuesday, Jan 17 Detroit auto show 2017: Introducing the new Lego Batmobile from Chevrolet Detroit auto show draws over 100,000 people on opening day 2017 North American International Auto Show opens to public Watch: 2017 North American International Auto Show Charity Preview Watch: Charity Preview 2017 gala fundraiser at NAIAS 2017 Charity Preview gala fundraiser at NAIAS Trending http://www.clickondetroit.com
Sections SEO SEM Mobile Local Retail Google Bing Social Home Submit Follow Us Follow SEO SEM Mobile Local Retail Google Bing Social More Submit Follow SUBSCRIBE Subscribe Search Engine Land Pop-up Problems? Google has rolled out the mobile intrusive interstitials penalty Mobile ads Google to launch automated call extensions on Feb. 6 Subscribe to SearchCap SUBSCRIBE SEO SEM Mobile Local Retail Google Bing Social Home SEO Everything you need to know about SEO, delivered every Thursday. SUBSCRIBE Newly-granted Google patent sheds light on how the search engine sees entities Columnist Dave Davies explains a recent Google patent which hints at how the search engine processes entity information to answer questions. This can provide hints into how SEOs can structure their content to be deemed relevant. Dave Davies on January 13, 2017 at 10:50 am More Anyone who knows me knows that I’m a big fan of reading Google patents — or, when I’m feeling lazy, reading Bill Slawski’s analysis of them over on his blog, SEO By The Sea. I also have a particular interest in those involving entities, as they are (to me at least) the ones that are defining the problems Google is trying to solve. As machine learning evolves, entities represent how search engines increasingly are viewing the world. Before we dig into this latest Google patent, which was granted on December 22, 2016, let’s first define an entity to make sure we’re all on the same page. According to the patent, the definition is as follows: [A]n entity is a thing or concept that is singular, unique, well-defined and distinguishable. For example, an entity may be a person, place, item, idea, abstract concept, concrete element, other suitable thing, or any combination thereof. To keep things simple, you can casually think of an entity as a noun. Another definition that will be important to understand is unstructured data, which is pretty accurately defined in Wikipedia as such: Unstructured data … refers to information that either does not have a pre-defined data model or is not organized in a pre-defined manner. With that under our belt, we’re going to dive right into the patent. The way this article will be structured, I will be including the exact verbiage of important sections of the patent in italics, followed by an explanation of what each section means. Abstract Methods, systems, and computer-readable media are provided for collective reconciliation. In some implementations, a query is received, wherein the query is associated at least in part with a type of entity. One or more search results are generated based at least in part on the query. Previously generated data is retrieved associated with at least one search result of the one or more of search results, the data comprising one or more entity references in the at least one search result corresponding to the type of entity. The one or more entity references are ranked, and an entity result is selected from the one or more entity references based at least in part on the ranking. An answer to the query is provided based at least in part on the entity result. This is one of the abstracts that does little to describe the full scope of what’s contained in the patent. As far as the abstract is concerned, all we’re about to read is that entities get ranked, and that ranking determines the answer to a query. This was enough to draw me into the patent, and it is indeed accurate — but as you’ll soon see, there’s a lot more described within than a simple “we rank nouns.” Summary The following excerpts are contained within the summary section of the patent. Section 2 [A] system provides answers to natural language search queries by relying on entity references identified based in the unstructured data associated with search results. … [T]he system retrieves additional, preprocessed information associated each respective webpage of at least some of the search results … the additional information includes, for example, names of people that appear in the webpages. In an example, in order to answer a “who” question, the system compiles names appearing in the first ten search results, as identified in the additional information. The system identifies the most commonly appearing name as the answer … In the excerpt above, we start to see the method behind the system. What Google is discussing here is the idea that to determine the answer to a “who” question, they would use the most common name appearing across the top 10 search results. Section 4 [T]he query is a natural language query … ranking the one or more entity references comprises ranking based on at least one ranking signal. In some implementations, the one or more ranking signals comprise a frequency of occurrence of each respective entity reference. In some implementations, the one or more ranking signals comprise a topicality score of each respective entity reference. In some implementations, the previously generated data corresponds to unstructured data. To further the information on how the approach is outlined in the patent, we see the frequency of use of the  term within a document, and presumably across multiple documents. In addition, we see that topicality is a relevancy factor and that this is a method applied to unstructured data. Section 5 [Q]uestions may be provided for queries in an automated and continuously updated fashion. In some implementations, question answering may take advantage of search result ranking techniques. In some implementations, question answers may be identified automatically based on unstructured content of a network such as the Internet. In this section, we see it reinforced that the answers to questions may be determined based on search results or ranking techniques, but it appears we’re also seeing the patent expand to include the automated determination of question answers based on other techniques and their ability to determine that answer in unstructured data. The real meat of Patent US 2016/0371385 A1 Sections 14 through 96 give detailed descriptions of the images, flowcharts and the real meat included with this patent. Some of the images will be included below and some will simply be noted, depending on which will get across the information better. Section 19 [T]he system may retrieve entity references associated with the top ten search results. … the ranking and/or selecting is based on a quality score, a freshness score, a relevance score, on any other suitable information, or any combination thereof. Here, we see Google clarifying that different types of entities and answers may be based on different sets of information. For example, freshness may be selected as a stronger signal if you were looking up the weather, whereas quality may be stronger if you were looking up a definition, health information and so on. Section 20 I’ll admit it, I had to read this section a couple of times to fully grasp what they were talking about. This section relates to patent Figure 1, which is as follows: Figure 1: A high-level block diagram of a system for question answering, in accordance with some implementations of the present disclosure. They write: [T]he information retrieved from entity references 110 associated with a particular webpage is a list of persons appearing in that webpage. For example, a particular webpage may include a number of names of persons, and entity references 110 may include a list of the names included within the webpage. Entity references 110 may also include other information. In some implementations, entity references 110 includes entity references of different types, for example, people, places, and dates. In some implementations, entity references for multiple entity types are maintained as a single annotated list of entity references, as separated lists, in any other suitable format of information, or any combination thereof. It will be understood that in some implementations, entity references 110 and index 108 may be stored in a single index, in multiple indices, in any other suitable structure, or any combination thereof. The idea behind what they’re referring to here is repeated elsewhere in the patent. One of the big issues that occurred to me while reading this patent is the enormous processing power it would take. If for any entity search the engine needed to run a query on its own index, process top 10 results, and then determine which terms are used most often in order to establish the most likely answer to a question, the processing of a search result like this would take many times more resources. In section 20, they discuss the method around this, which is to pre-populate reference lists (110 in the diagram) separate from the index itself. So, when a query like “who is dave davies” is entered, the data is drawn from the index (to determine the possible pages that have the answers), but a second reference point (110) also exists that would contain the entity data (such as how many times “dave davies” is mentioned in each document), thus saving Google from needing to figure it out on the fly. Section 21 [O]ne or more ranking metrics are used to rank the entity references, including frequency of occurrence and a topicality score. Frequency of occurrence relates to the number of times an entity reference occurs within a particular document, collection of documents, or other content. Topicality scores include a relationship between the entity reference and the content in which it appears. Setting aside the repetition of the use of the number of times a term is used as a metric, we also see in this section a reinforcement of topicality. While this could relate to the relevance of a site to a subject and the weighting a reference should be given, I tend to believe it has more to do with aiding in understanding which entity is being referenced. For example, if the entity “dave davies” is seen on a page related to SEO, then it is likely me. On the other hand, if “dave davies” appears on a page related to music, it’s likely “that Kinks guy” (as I like to refer to him). Seeing more “dave davies” on pages topically related to music would help them in choosing to display: Section 25 [T]he system orders the search results based on one or more quality scores. In some implementations, quality scores include a relevance to search query, a quality score associated with the search result, a freshness score associated with the time when the data the content was last generated or updated, scores associated with previous selection of a particular search result from a collection of search results, any other suitable quality score, or any combination thereof. In an example, a quality score associated with a search result may include the number of links to and from a corresponding webpage. In section 25, we’re seeing more of a clarification of quality score as a metric. This section, of course, had to be included not just for its reference to incoming links as a quality indicator, but also the inclusion of outbound links as a possible signal. Section 28 [T]he system generates a collection of entity references appearing in a webpage by comparing the structured or unstructured text to a list of known entity references, for example a list of names. In some implementations, entity references not previously known are identified based on a frequency of occurrence or other clustering techniques. In some implementations, entity references are person entity references, for example, names of people appearing in the text of a webpage. In an example, the system maintains a list of all of the names of people that appear in a particular webpage, and that list is retrieved when the webpage appears in the top results of search results box 206. In section 28, we see the understanding come out that not all entities are known, and methods need to be developed to understand new ones. This would happen if a person were first mentioned on the internet, a new building were developed and so on. Google would then use their understanding of how other entities are referenced (e.g., location on page) and begin adding the new entity to the entity reference list (see “110” in Figure 1 above). Section 36  In some implementations, the system processes webpages and other content to identify entity references. In some implementations, the system performs this processing offline, such that it is retrieved at the time of search. In some implementations, the system processes the information in real-time at the time of search. In section 36, we see systems being discussed that accommodate for faster results via offline processing, as we saw earlier in section 20. We also see reference to systems that operate in real time. Obviously, there are query types that would require this (like weather), and one can assume that Google would have lists of trusted sources for this type of information, enabling them to still process the information quickly and with minimal resources. Section 37 [L]ist entries include an entity reference, a unique identifier associated with the entity reference, a frequency of occurrence of the entity reference, the location on the page where the entity reference occurs, metadata associated with the content such as freshness and ordering, any other suitable data, or any combination thereof. In some implementations, previously generated data may include the type of entity reference, for example, a person, a location, a date, any other suitable type, or any combination thereof. In some implementations, previously generated data includes information identifying entities as a particular type, such as a person entity reference, a place entity reference, or a time entity reference. In some implementations, multiple sets of data may be generated for a website or other content, where each set is associated with one or more types. In an example, a website may be associated with a list of the person entity references occurring therein and a list of the location entity references occurring therein. For those curious about how different entities would be isolated, we get our answer here, where they discuss “a unique identifier” for an entity. That is, rather than thinking of Dave Davies of The Kinks and Dave Davies, the author this this article, as two versions of “Dave Davies,” Google would instead think of us as identifiers with an identical attribute. Where you or I would think of a person by their name, Google would not; they would think of them by a unique, likely alpha-numeric, sequence. I’ll be illustrating this further below, but in its simplest form, it could look something like: Unique ID (00000001A) – > Has Name (Dave Davies) -> Has Job (Musician) and Unique ID (00000001B) – > Has Name (Dave Davies) -> Has Job (SEO) Past that, this section mainly reinforces known SEO and relevancy reinforcement factors such as frequency of entity usage, the location on the page of content, links, etc. Section 38 [O]ther names or entity references occurring in the content may be used to disambiguate a reference. In an example, the name [George Washington] occurring in the same text as [Martha Washington] may be identified as relating to a unique entity reference in a list of the U.S. President, whereas [George Washington] occurring in the same content as [University] and [Washington D.C.] is identified as relating to [George Washington University]. In this section, we see further how entities are understood via context. When there are two or more entities with a similar name attribute, the patent outlines the use of additional data from the page to aid in determining which specific entity is being referenced. To use my example, a reference to “Dave Davies” occurring on a page with “The Kinks” would associate that Dave Davies with Unique ID 00000001A from above and not 00000001B. Section 41 In another example, the system determines a frequency by normalizing a number of appearances by the length of the document or any other suitable metric. To be honest, the only reason I’m including a part of Section 41 in this write-up is that it is likely the last time I will ever be able to reference keyword density as a metric without the context “in the early 2000s.” Interestingly, that’s exactly what they’re referring to here, and in this context it does make sense. If one is using the frequency of an entity reference in the top 10 results as an indicator of an answer to a question, one should take into account that a 10,000-word page should be expected to have a different impact on that number than a page with 700 words. Nonetheless, you will likely never read or hear a reference to keyword density from Unique ID 00000001B again. Section 42 [T]he system uses a topicality score as a ranking signal. In some implementations, topicality scores include freshness, the age of the document, the number of links to and/or from the document, the number of selections of that document in previous search results, a strength of the relationship between the document and the query, any other suitable score, or any combination thereof. In some implementations, a topicality score depends on a relationship between the entity reference and the content within which the entity reference appears. For example, the entity reference [George Washington] may have a higher topicality score on a history webpage than on a current news webpage. In another example, the entity reference [Barack Obama] may have a higher topicality score on a politics website than on a law school website. In this section, we see Google clarifying what topicality means and what its impact will be on the results. This would have less to do with the selection of a specific entity as an answer (for example, the selection of which Dave Davies is being referenced) and more to do with what data is used to craft the answer. For example, that he was born the last of eight children is not topically relevant enough to be included in the answer to “who is dave davies” as illustrated above, and instead information such as his birth date and band are. All this information is accurate, but due to topicality signals such as frequency across documents, the more “important” information is selected. Section 47 Section 47 relies on arguably the most important figure if we want to really understand the logic in how Google answers questions and organizes data. So before we get into what is written, let’s look at the illustration. It’s important to note that the red text is not part of the initial patent and has been added by me to provide a context. The nodes each contain a piece or pieces of data and the edges represent relationships between the data contained in the nodes that the edges connect. In some implementations, the graph includes one or more pairs of nodes connected by an edge. The edge, and thus the graph, may be directed, i.e. unidirectional, undirected, i.e. bidirectional, or both, i.e. one or more edges may be undirected and one or more edges may be directional in the same graph. The nodes referenced are the round elements and contain data; lines are edges and contain the relationship. For example, Dave Davies (402) has the brother Ray Davies (404) and both have the band The Kinks (408). This graph is very simplified for easier understanding. In reality, each of these nodes would represent Unique IDs, and those IDs would have elements “Has Name” — but for our purposes here, the above illustration works well. Section 52 A domain refers to a collection of related entity types. For example, the domain [Film] may include, for example, the entity types [Actor], [Director], [Filming Location], [Movie], any other suitable entity type, or any combination thereof. In some implementations, entities are associated with types in more than one domain. For example, the entity node [Benjamin Franklin] may be connected with the entity type node [Politician] in the domain [Government] as well as the entity type node [Inventor] in the domain [Business]. In this section, we see further groupings of information into domains. Reasonably, we can assume that most or all domains would also be nodes in other application. “Keanu Reeves,” for example, would be a node linked to another node “film” by the edge “acts in.” Both of these nodes would be contained in the domain “film.” Section 56 [T]he knowledge graph may include information for differentiation and disambiguation of terms and/or entities. As used herein, differentiation refers to the many-to-one situation where multiple names are associated with a single entity. As used herein, disambiguation refers to the one-to-many situation where the same name is associated with multiple entities. In some implementations, nodes may be assigned a unique identification reference. In some implementations, the unique identification reference may be an alphanumeric string, a name, a number, a binary code, any other suitable identifier, or any combination thereof. The unique identification reference may allow the system to assign unique references to nodes with the same or similar textual identifiers. In some implementations, the unique identifiers and other techniques are used in differentiation, disambiguation, or both. In section 56, we get clarification on differentiation (solving the scenario where there are many names for one entity — for example: movie, film, flick) and disambiguation (solving the scenario where there is one name shared by multiple entities – for example: Dave Davies). We speak again in the section of the unique identifier and its use. In short, you are not you, and no entity is itself in the way we communicate it. Each entity is a unique ID, and that unique ID is assigned to nodes that include more common references, such as names and characteristics. Section 58 [T]here may be an entity node related to the city [Philadelphia], an entity node related to the movie [Philadelphia], and an entity node related to the cream cheese brand [Philadelphia]. Each of these nodes may have a unique identification reference, stored for example as a number, for disambiguation within the knowledge graph. In some implementations, disambiguation in the knowledge graph is provided by the connections and relationships between multiple nodes. For example, the city [New York] may be disambiguated from the state [New York] because the city is connected to an entity type [City] and the state is connected to an entity type [State]. It will be understood that more complex relationships may also define and disambiguate nodes. For example, a node may be defined by associated types, by other entities connected to it by particular properties, by its name, by any other suitable information, or any combination thereof. These connections may be useful in disambiguating, for example, the node [Georgia] that is connected to the node [United States] may be understood represent the U.S. State, while the node [Georgia] connected to the nodes [Asia] and [Eastern Europe] may be understood to represent the country in eastern Europe. While Section 58 is focused on discussing how specific entities can be identified by their nodes and connection, what’s really important here is that this is the method by which they will determine which answer is more likely to be correct. This will be based on a combination of nodes, as discussed in this section, and domains, as discussed previously. If I ask Google the question: “Who was in Philadelphia?” Google understands that the most likely reference based on the type of question (that I’m searching for people) is the movie, “Philadelphia.” It could be answered with a list of all the known people to have ever visited the city, but it’s unlikely that’s the information I want. Thus, Google provides an answer based on the movie. If I change my question to: “How many people are in Philadelphia?” The answer Google gives is 1.553 million. It could have answered with the total number in the cast of the movie, but it has selected what it feels is the most likely answer being sought based on the entities available and the framing of the data being sought. Section 61 [N]odes and edges define the relationship between an entity type node and its properties, thus defining a schema. Here we see Google essentially turning the unstructured data into a structure by creating its own schema of the edges and nodes where it was previously undefined. This will allow Google to generate its own schema for Person (for example) and constantly adjust, add and remove the schema associated with it. Section 68 [S]eparate knowledge graphs are maintained for different respective domains, for different respective entity types, or according to any other suitable delimiting characteristic. In this section, we see Google creating separate types of knowledge graphs for different types of data. That is, framing answers differently based on the type of information being requested. We’ll get into why this is important below. So what? Now that we’ve made it to the end of the critical bits of information, you may be left asking, “So what?” Good question. While understanding how Google organizes data is, unto itself, a good thing, there are specific actionable items we can take away from this that can dramatically improve our rankings and relevancy. The best part is, they’re not hard and don’t actually take much effort — just an understanding of what you’re looking for. Include the data that makes you relevant. OK, now I’ll take off my “Captain Obvious” hat and point out that if we simply look to the site an answer is drawn from and what data it has on the entity, we will gain a greater understanding of what Google finds relevant to that specific topic. While Google wants to give an answer, they also want their users to have access to more complete data if desired. Thus, they will more likely rank a site that has not just the answer they want but the likely supporting information searchers may also be looking for. Create structured unstructured data. While it’s obviously ideal to use markup to structure your data for the engines, it’s also important to frame your content such that the information can be connected without it. Google is looking through content to determine its own connections, so using a statement such as “Dave Davies was a guitarist for The Kinks” will aid Google in understanding specifically which Dave Davies you are referring to, what his role was and who that role was for. A statement such as “Dave Davies of The Kinks” will likely be picked up as the correct entity; however, the data will not be viewed as fully complete.  That’s fine for Google, as they can get this information in many other places. Still, if we want to rank well, we should strive to be thorough. And more structure. It’s been said before, and this patent reinforces, that we need to look to the way knowledge is passed on and structure our own data accordingly. If you look to the answer given to the question, “who is dave davies” above, you’ll see that the answer is given in paragraph format. If we consider the patent, we’ll consider that this is how Google is connecting the dots between entities for these types of queries. Thus, if we have a page on Dave Davies, we want to structure the information in paragraph format rather than in lists. This would be different from “how do I …” type queries that often resort to lists in their answer formats. This is what was discussed in Section 68, and it will impact not just our ability to rank as the answer to questions, but also how Google interprets our website and the effectiveness of our content structure. Conclusion Entities are, in my ever-so-humble opinion, one of the most important aspects of Google’s algorithm to understand, and this patent adds to that understanding. Understanding entities is understanding how Google views the connections between everything it encounters. This helps dictate how you should structure your content (and what that content should include) to be deemed not just relevant, but the most relevant. And what more could you want than that? Some opinions expressed in this article may be those of a guest author and not necessarily Search Engine Land. Staff authors are listed here. About The Author Dave Davies Dave Davies founded Beanstalk Internet Marketing, Inc. in 2004 after working in the industry for 3 years and is its active CEO. He is a well-published author and has spoken on the subject of organic SEO at a number of conferences, including a favorite, SMX Advanced. Dave writes regularly on Beanstalk's blog and is a monthly contributor here on Search Engine Land. Sponsored We're listening. Have something to say about this article? Share it with us on Facebook, Twitter or our LinkedIn Group. Attend Our Conferences March 21-23, 2017: SMX West June 2017: SMX Advanced October 24-26, 2017: SMX East × Attend SMX - Click Here Learn More About Our SMX Events Gain new strategies and insights at the intersection of marketing, technology, and management. Our next conference will be held: May 9-11, 2017: MarTech San Francisco October 2-4, 2017: MarTech Boston × Attend MarTech - Click Here Learn More About Our MarTech Events Take the MarTech Quiz Think you know martech? Find out by taking this 3-minute quiz. See how you score and share it with friends! Let's Get Started White Papers Benchmark Report: 2017 State of Customer Marketing How SEO + UX Can Thrive Together Social Media ROI Template How an Insight Community Creates More Effective Brand Marketing How to Keep Your Customers From Cheating on You See More Whitepapers Webcasts 5 Disruptions Reshaping Marketing As We Know It Integrated Marketing Analytics: Creating a single source of data truth Video Marketing 2017: What You Need to Know See More Webcasts Research Reports Content Marketing Tools B2B Predictive Marketing Analytics Platforms Social Media Management Software Call Analytics Platforms Paid Media Campaign Management Platforms B2B Marketing Automation Platforms See More Research The Periodic Table of Seo Success Sign up for our daily newsletter. SUBSCRIBE Follow Us © 2017 Third Door Media, Inc. All rights reserved.
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search 0 Mail Tech Home Follow Us Reviews How To Deals Video Games Pogue Apple Google’s Toontastic 3D app teaches kids the basics of animation Kyle Wiggers Digital TrendsJanuary 13, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share toontastic d rszMore If there’s anything kids enjoy more than hearing a story, it’s telling one themselves. And that’s a good thing — psychologists widely believe that imaginative activities like storytelling help children to acquire language and learn basic social cues. In that spirit of creativity, on Thursday Google released Toontastic 3D, an app that teaches kids how to create animated storybooks using their device’s camera and microphone. More: YouTube Kids hit by fresh complaints, this time over junk food videos “With Toontastic 3D, kids can draw, animate, and narrate their own adventures, news stories, school reports, and anything else they might dream up,” Google stated in a blog post. “All they need to do is move characters around on the screen and tell their story. It’s like a digital puppet theater […] but with enormous interactive 3D worlds, dozens of customizeable characters, 3D drawing tools, and an idea lab with sample stories to inspire new creations.” Toontastic isn’t exactly new; it’s the product of an acquisition. In 2015, Google bought Launchpad Toys, the company behind earlier Toontastic titles for iOS. But to be sure, the new Toontastic is an improvement in a number of ways. Characters and backgrounds are now in three dimensions. It’s now available for free on Android. Toontastic provides presets for kids to choose from, but affords a level of freedom, too. First, they pick how many acts they want their story to have and choose from three predetermined story arcs. Then they select from one of eight pre-drawn scenes or create their own with drawing tools. Finally, they pick (or draw) characters and animate them by moving them around and recording voiceovers with a microphone. Andy Russel, a Launchpad Toys co-founder and a Toontastic product manager, told TechCrunch the goal was to “[make] a tool that feels a little bit more like a toy and how kids create by play than your average video editing tool.” And they hoped that by making it free, they could get it in the hands of more kids. More: With India now in the mix, YouTube Kids app is available to children in 20 nations Toontastic is a little barebones right now, but Google said that it’s looking at adding more templates for story arcs over time. Future updates and new features will be made available at no extra charge. The app’s debut comes three years after Google announced plans to create specific versions of its most popular products for those 12 and younger. The California-based company rolled out YouTube Kids, a child-friendly version of the video sharing service shortly after, along with more robust parental controls across its existing catalog of apps. This also made it easier to find apps, books, music, movies, and other mobile content that’s age-appropriate kids and younger family members. Toontastic 3D also dovetails with the release of TeleStory, an augmented reality video camera that allowed kids to record and share their own TV shows. Toontastic 3D is available for Android and iOS starting today. Parental Advisory: How to limit your kids’ iPhone usage The 20 best tech toys for kids will make you wish you were 10 again With India now in the mix, YouTube Kids app is available to children in 20 nations Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share What to Read Next 9 tech-friendly gifts for people obsessed with travel Yahoo Tech Everything you need for your home DIRECTVSponsored Galaxy S7, S7 Edge Get Android Nougat Update International Business Times Wristband monitors your blood alcohol content while you drink Yahoo Tech Got 50 bucks burning a hole in your pocket? Here’s the best tech to spend it on Digital Trends 2017 Honda CR-V Central Iowa Honda DealersSponsored Showdown in the South China Sea: China’s artificial islands explained Digital Trends $40 device doubles the storage of your 32GB iPhone 7 or 7 Plus BGR News Privacy |Terms |About our Ads |Suggestions Brought to you by Yahoo Finance
Topics Bayh-Dole Biotechnology Capitol Hill Copyright Educational Information for Inventors Federal Circuit Federal Trade Commission Guest Contributions Interviews & Conversations Patents Patent Bar Exam Patent Eligibility Patent Litigation Patent Reform Patent Trolls Pharmaceutical Software Patents Technology & Innovation Trade Secrets Trademarks Universities US Economy USPTO US Supreme Court Inventors Applying for a Patent Basic Patent Law Confidentiality Agreements Cost of Obtaining a Patent Design Patents Do It Yourself Patents Invention to Patent 101 Patent Drafting Patent Search FAQs Patent Searching 101 Provisional Patents Patent Trolls Sample Confidentiality Agreements Software Patents When Should You do a Patent Search? Worldwide Patent Rights Tech Companies We Follow Amazon.com Apple AT&T Google General Electric Facebook HP IBM Microsoft Qualcomm Samsung Sony Texas Instruments Twitter Events Politics Candidates Hillary Clinton Bernie Sanders Donald Trump Issues Net Neutrality Patent Reform Jobs Job Submissions Job Openings About Contact Sponsors Article Submission Topics Bayh-Dole Biotechnology Capitol Hill Copyright Educational Information for Inventors Federal Circuit Federal Trade Commission Guest Contributions Interviews & Conversations Patents Patent Bar Exam Patent Eligibility Patent Litigation Patent Reform Patent Trolls Pharmaceutical Software Patents Technology & Innovation Trade Secrets Trademarks Universities US Economy USPTO US Supreme Court Inventors Applying for a Patent Basic Patent Law Confidentiality Agreements Cost of Obtaining a Patent Design Patents Do It Yourself Patents Invention to Patent 101 Patent Drafting Patent Search FAQs Patent Searching 101 Provisional Patents Patent Trolls Sample Confidentiality Agreements Software Patents When Should You do a Patent Search? Worldwide Patent Rights Tech Companies We Follow Amazon.com Apple AT&T Google General Electric Facebook HP IBM Microsoft Qualcomm Samsung Sony Texas Instruments Twitter Events Politics Candidates Hillary Clinton Bernie Sanders Donald Trump Issues Net Neutrality Patent Reform Jobs Job Submissions Job Openings Topics Bayh-Dole Biotechnology Capitol Hill Copyright Educational Information for Inventors Federal Circuit Federal Trade Commission Guest Contributions Interviews & Conversations Patents Patent Bar Exam Patent Eligibility Patent Litigation Patent Reform Patent Trolls Pharmaceutical Software Patents Technology & Innovation Trade Secrets Trademarks Universities US Economy USPTO US Supreme Court Inventors Applying for a Patent Basic Patent Law Confidentiality Agreements Cost of Obtaining a Patent Design Patents Do It Yourself Patents Invention to Patent 101 Patent Drafting Patent Search FAQs Patent Searching 101 Provisional Patents Patent Trolls Sample Confidentiality Agreements Software Patents When Should You do a Patent Search? Worldwide Patent Rights Tech Companies We Follow Amazon.com Apple AT&T Google General Electric Facebook HP IBM Microsoft Qualcomm Samsung Sony Texas Instruments Twitter Events Politics Candidates Hillary Clinton Bernie Sanders Donald Trump Issues Net Neutrality Patent Reform Jobs Job Submissions Job Openings Subscribe to our Blog via email Who will President Trump Nominate as the next Director of the Patent and Trademark Office? By Gene Quinn January 13, 2017 7 Print Article Chief Judge Randall Rader (CAFC, ret.) at the AIPLA annual meeting in 2014. Earlier this week the Law.com reported that new names have surfaced as candidates for Director of the United States Patent and Trademark Office (USPTO). Among those names are Randall Rader, the former Chief Judge of the United States Court of Appeals. But according to patent expert and noted commentator Hal Wegner, who generally does have well placed sources for this kind of information, the short list currently includes Phil Johnson (Johnson & Johson), Michael McKeon (Fish & Richardson), and Steve Pinkos (American Continental Group). “Several senators have sent my name to the Trump team for the position of director of the USPTO,” Rader told Scott Graham of Law.com via e-mail. “The best way to protect U.S. jobs is to protect worldwide the IP that creates and guarantees those jobs.” Rader has close ties to Senator Orrin Hatch (R-UT), who currently serves on the Senate Judiciary Committee and who is also Chair of the Senate Finance Committee. Prior to being nominated to serve on the Federal Circuit in 1988 by President Ronald Reagan, Rader served as an attorney for many years on Hatch’s staff. Thus, it is easy to speculate that one of the Senators who might be supporting Rader for the position of Director would be Hatch. If that is the case it would seem to bode well for Rader. Hatch has served in the Senate for 40 years and is both powerful and influential. According to POLITICO, there seems to be some doubt about whether there will even be an opening at the USPTO. This sentiment was echoed by Scott Graham. The scenario being floated is that current USPTO Director Michelle Lee will be asked to stay on, a rumor flamed by remarks by Congressman Darrell Issa (R-CA) made at a CES panel last weekend. As is customary of Presidential appointees, Lee has submitted her resignation to take effect January 20, 2017. Lee told Nancy Scola of POLITICO in November that said she is willing to stay on as Director under a Trump Administration if requested. Within the beltway it is widely known that Lee is more than willing to stay on, but would like to stay on as Director if possible. The feeling inside industry circles, however, is overwhelmingly of the the opinion that Lee will not be asked to stay on at the Patent Office. Prior to joining the Patent Office senior political management staff Lee worked for Google, an open and vocal supporter of President Obama and the driving force behind patent reform during the Obama Administration. The fact that Issa has fond feelings for Lee and wishes she would stay on should not be interpreted as widespread support for her on Capitol Hill. Although a Republican, Issa himself has been very closely tied to the Google patent reform position over the last eight years. That he would support a USPTO Director who holds views favorable to the Google world view on patents is hardly surprising. As a rather bombastic personality in the House, Issa is also not widely known to be able to build consensus even within his own party. And although he is described by both POLITICO and Law.com as “an influential Republican,” at least in recent years Issa has seemingly been sidelined and passed over by Republican House leaders. Without widespread support for patent reform, one of Issa’s signature issues in recent years, it is easy to wonder just how influential he could be with respect to getting President Elect Trump to keep an Obama political appointee so closely tied to Google. It further seems even more implausible that Lee would be asked to remain on at the Patent Office when you consider the recent decision of President Elect Trump to accept the resignation of all U.S. Ambassadors rather than let them stay on until replacements are sworn into office. Names other than Rader and Lee are being spoken about as potential nominees. Noted commentator and patent expert Harold Wegner recently wrote that according to his “highly reliable sources” the Trump Administration short list includes Phil Johnson, Michael McKeon, and Stephen Pinkos. Johnson, the former Senior Vice-President for Intellectual Property at Johnson & Johnson, is interested in the position and was vetted by the Obama Administration prior to the position ultimately going to Lee. At the time it was believed that Senator Chuck Schumer (D-NY) was responsible for scuttling the Johnson nomination, which was by all accounts only days from being made. Speculation ensued that Schumer, an advocate of expanding Covered Business Method (CBM) review, did not appreciate Johnson’s views on CBM specifically, or on the post grant proceedings created by the America Invents Act (AIA); Johnson is on record saying he believes there are serious due process problems with proceedings being procedurally slanted against patent owners. While that may have played a role, fresh rumors suggest that Schumer may have more seriously objected to Johnson being a Republican, which is well-known inside the beltway in DC. Whatever the case, Johnson’s name is being often repeated as an excellent choice for Director and it seems that a great many McKeon is a partner in the Washington, D.C. office of Fish & Richardson, where his practice focuses on high tech litigation primarily. McKeon started his career in the intellectual property field as a patent examiner at the USPTO and like so many examiners went to law school during the evenings at George Washington University. He clerked for Judge Bryson on the Federal Circuit. He is also an Adjunct Professor at George Washington where he co-teaches a class on ITC practice with Judge Theodore Essex of the U.S. International Trade Commission. Pinkos, is currently a partner with American Continental Group, which is one of the major lobbying firms working in the intellectual property space. Pinkos, who is well connected in Republican circles, served as Policy Director and General Counsel to House Majority Whip Kevin McCarthy from January 2011 to June 2013. He also served as Deputy Under Secretary of Commerce for Intellectual Property and Deputy Director of the USPTO from 2004 to 2007. “I enjoyed my past service at the USPTO and it’s a great organization with a lot of wonderful and dedicated people working there, however, I’m not headed back,” he told Graham earlier this week when reached for comment. There has also been some speculation that Kevin Rhodes, who is Chief IP counsel at 3M, is or was under consideration at one point, a rumor the lead many in the industry to privately support a Rhodes nomination. More recent speculation has started to grow around Marylee Jenkins, a partner at Arent Fox, LLP who heads the firm’s New York Intellectual Property Group. Jenkins path seems to have crossed with President Elect Trump while she was Chair of the ABA IP Section, and she is currently the Chair of the USPTO Patent Public Advisory Committee (PPAC). Some have also noticed that President Elect Trump has not nominated a Democrat yet. While Trump seems uninterested in tradition it has been something of a tradition, or show of some good faith, to appoint at least one person from the other party. With the USPTO historically being apolitical if such an apppointment were to be made it could make sense for it to be at the USPTO. That would expand legitimate contenders to the likes of Todd Dickinson, a former USPTO Director who was widely expected to be the nominee had Hillary Clinton won the election, Bob Stoll, a former Commissioner for Patents, and Teresa Rea, former Deputy Director of the USPTO who for a time after the resignation of David Kappos assumed the role of Acting Director before returning to private practice. So who will be the next Director? No one really seems to know for sure, but there are other names circulating and other candidates interested. From the start Phil Johnson has been the name most often at the top of the rumor mill, and his name has remained high on the list, including on Hal Wegner’s reported short list. Stay tuned! UPDATED Friday, January 13, 2017 at 11:22am to add mention of Marylee Jenkins of Arent Fox.  The Author Gene Quinn is a Patent Attorney and Editor and founder of IPWatchdog.com. Gene is also a principal lecturer in the PLI Patent Bar Review Course and an attorney with Widerman Malek. Gene’s specialty is in the area of strategic patent consulting, patent application drafting and patent prosecution. He consults with attorneys facing peculiar procedural issues at the Patent Office, advises investors and executives on patent law changes and pending litigation matters, and works with start-up businesses throughout the United States and around the world, primarily dealing with software and computer related innovations. Gene is admitted to practice law in New Hampshire, is a Registered Patent Attorney and is also admitted to practice before the United States Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit. CLICK HERE to send Gene a message. Tags:Bob Stoll, Chief Judge Rader, Congressman Darrell Issa, hal wegner, Kevin Rhodes, Michael McKeon, Michelle Lee, patent, patent office, patents, Phil Johnson, President Donald Trump, pto director, Q. Todd Dickinson, Senator Orrin Hatch, Steve Pinkos, Teresa Rea, Terry Rea, todd dickinson, Trump Administration, USPTO Posted In:Government, IP News, IPWatchdog Articles, IPWatchdog.com Articles, Patents, People, USPTO Warning & Disclaimer: The pages, articles and comments on IPWatchdog.com do not constitute legal advice, nor do they create any attorney-client relationship. The articles published express the personal opinion and views of the author and should not be attributed to the author’s employer, clients or the sponsors of IPWatchdog.com. Read more. Discuss this There are currently 7 Comments comments. Join the discussion. Night Writer January 13, 2017 10:36 am I took a couple of classes from Rader. He doesn’t have a technical background which is a great problem for him, and he is quite frankly a bit of a nut. But, with that said, he gets patents. He gets it and is a very moral and ethical person. I cannot believe what he did with the emails given some of the things he said in class. I think Rader would figure out a way to vastly improve the PTO. He is smart with a good purpose and would want to put in place fair and tough standards. I think he would do a great job. Night Writer January 13, 2017 10:54 am As to Lee, I wish I had the time to illustrate why I think she is unethical and unqualified. She is the antithesis of J. Rich who tried very hard to make things simple and clear. Lee tries to obfuscate to advance her anti-patent judicial activism goals. Moreover, I think Lee hires patent judges that are anti-patent. I think former judge Smith definitely favored anti-patent people, and I say this with first hand knowledge. Anyway, please, Trump—get rid of Lee! Get someone in there who understands patents and wants to strip the system down to manageable operations that will vastly improve patent quality. (** I will say it one more time—vastly improve patent quality by improving searches and go back to TSM and get rid of Alice and 101. Do those things and patent quality will soar.) Please, please, Lee is like having some unethical trickster in charge. Please. No. lldc January 13, 2017 11:46 am The scenario being floated is that current USPTO Director Michelle Lee will be asked to stay on, NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO! Night Writer January 13, 2017 12:17 pm With all this spy talk, I wonder if Lee has been using Google’s in-house counsel to help her figure out how to set PTO policy. Be very interesting if Lee has been doing this secretly. Curious January 13, 2017 5:35 pm The scenario being floated is that current USPTO Director Michelle Lee will be asked to stay on, a rumor flamed by remarks by Congressman Darrell Issa (R-CA) made at a CES panel last weekend. LOL — Trump promised to drain the swamp. I cannot think of a better way than to give Lee the boot. inventor January 14, 2017 4:59 pm The PTAB has due process issues. The PTAB uses prior art to invalidate patents when the same prior art is used by an Examiner to allow patents. What idiot would pay to prosecute a patent over the period of years just to see it invalidated. No one would. Someone said China now takes better care of the inventor than does the US system (with PTAB in place). Go figure. SCOTUS unanimously says it’s up to the USPTO to set their own rules. Therefore, I like Johnson to head PTO. Johnson gets the unconstitutionality of the PTAB. inventor January 14, 2017 5:06 pm Google bought Obummer….Obummer appointed Lee to head the PTO….fox guarding the chickens. Lee resigns effective 20/Jan. I can’t see Trump keeping her on unless he is busy and needs more time to make a selection. Thumbs down to Issa’s boy Rader as well. He would be more of the same….acceptable to Schumer, therefore not acceptable to Trump? We shall soon see. Post a Comment Respectfully add to the discussion. Cancel reply Name * Email * Website Notify me of followup comments via e-mail. You can also subscribe without commenting. Varsity Sponsors Advertise Here Post Your Event → Upcoming Events Thu 19 BlackBox IP IDS Webinar January 19 @ 2:00 pm - 3:00 pm EST Tue 24 Antitrust Policy for a New Administration January 24 @ 10:00 am - 4:30 pm EST Washington DC United States Tue 31 IP Lecture on “Patent Mistakes in the Administrative State” January 31 @ 12:00 pm - 1:30 pm EST Chicago Apr 26 World Intellectual Property Forum April 26 @ 9:00 am - April 28 @ 6:00 pm EDT Jun 18 IPBC Global 2017 June 18 @ 5:30 pm - June 20 @ 7:30 am EDT Ottawa, Canada View More… Junior Varsity Sponsors Advertise Here Federal Circuit Federal Circuit Upholds Sanctions and Attorney’s Fees for Vexatious Litigation and Frivolous Appeal CAFC: When Relying Common Sense There Must be Explicit and Clear Reasoning CAFC Reverses on Indefiniteness Because Claim Terms Sufficiently Supported by Examples Federal Circuit Clarifies Injury in Fact Standing to Challenge Final Agency Decision in IPR Rule 36: Unprecedented Abuse at the Federal Circuit The Future of Forum-Shopping in a Post-TC Heartland World IP News: The Maiden Voyage of the USS IP Watchy McDogface Patent Forecast 2017: Will Patent Courts Be Great Again? Federal Circuit to consider reviewability of IPR institution decisions en banc The Four Consequential Patent Trends of 2016 Intramural Sponsors Advertise Here Patent Drafting Basics Patent Drafting 101: The Basics of Describing Your Invention in a Patent Application Patent Drafting for Beginners: The anatomy of a patent claim Patent Drafting for Beginners: A prelude to patent claim drafting The Inventors’ Dilemma: Drafting your own patent application when you lack funds Patent Drafting: Describing What is Unique Without Puffing 5 things inventors and startups need to know about patents Drafting Patent Applications: Writing Method Claims An Introduction to Patent Claims Patent Drawings: An Economical Way to Expand Disclosure Patent Language Difficulties: Open Mouth, Insert Foot Patent & Invention Basics Patent Drafting for Beginners: The anatomy of a patent claim The Patent Process on a Tight but Realistic Budget Patent Drafting for Beginners: A prelude to patent claim drafting The Inventors’ Dilemma: Drafting your own patent application when you lack funds The Inventor’s Patent Dilemma: Beware the many pitfalls waiting to trip up the unwary Provisional Patent Applications the Right Way, the Wal-Mart Way Patent Drafting: Describing What is Unique Without Puffing Inventing to Solve Problems 5 things inventors and startups need to know about patents Drafting Patent Applications: Writing Method Claims Tags Apple Authors CAFC Capitol Hill Copyright David Kappos famous inventors Federal Circuit Gene Quinn Guest Contributor independent inventor independent inventors innovation intellectual property Internet inter partes review inventor IPR patent Patentability patentability requirements patentable subject matter patent application patent eligibility patent eligible patent infringement Patent Litigation patent office patent prosecution Patent Reform patents Patent Trial and Appeal Board patent troll Patent Trolls PTAB SCOTUS Software software patent software patents technology trademark trademarks US Economy USPTO US Supreme Court Archives Archives Select Month January 2017  (58) December 2016  (98) November 2016  (82) October 2016  (100) September 2016  (84) August 2016  (87) July 2016  (82) June 2016  (94) May 2016  (83) April 2016  (81) March 2016  (88) February 2016  (73) January 2016  (83) December 2015  (73) November 2015  (71) October 2015  (66) September 2015  (67) August 2015  (74) July 2015  (58) June 2015  (56) May 2015  (51) April 2015  (64) March 2015  (73) February 2015  (63) January 2015  (61) December 2014  (63) November 2014  (46) October 2014  (53) September 2014  (48) August 2014  (42) July 2014  (46) June 2014  (46) May 2014  (52) April 2014  (52) March 2014  (55) February 2014  (41) January 2014  (48) December 2013  (45) November 2013  (39) October 2013  (40) September 2013  (40) August 2013  (34) July 2013  (46) June 2013  (62) May 2013  (46) April 2013  (52) March 2013  (60) February 2013  (58) January 2013  (77) December 2012  (57) November 2012  (53) October 2012  (56) September 2012  (36) August 2012  (42) July 2012  (49) June 2012  (44) May 2012  (36) April 2012  (38) March 2012  (44) February 2012  (33) January 2012  (34) December 2011  (28) November 2011  (33) October 2011  (36) September 2011  (39) August 2011  (30) July 2011  (33) June 2011  (36) May 2011  (41) April 2011  (45) March 2011  (40) February 2011  (40) January 2011  (42) December 2010  (31) November 2010  (41) October 2010  (35) September 2010  (33) August 2010  (34) July 2010  (34) June 2010  (38) May 2010  (31) April 2010  (31) March 2010  (40) February 2010  (34) January 2010  (30) December 2009  (43) November 2009  (33) October 2009  (44) September 2009  (37) August 2009  (35) July 2009  (37) June 2009  (36) May 2009  (35) April 2009  (34) March 2009  (32) February 2009  (22) January 2009  (34) December 2008  (26) November 2008  (25) October 2008  (8) September 2008  (14) August 2008  (6) July 2008  (3) June 2008  (5) May 2008  (5) April 2008  (12) March 2008  (4) February 2008  (14) January 2008  (11) December 2007  (4) Popular Posts Maria Pallante fired as Register of Copyrights in Policy Power Grab Trump on IP and Patent Reform: What Silicon Valley Doesn’t Understand How to Patent Software in a Post Alice Era RIAA, UK recording industry groups file copyright suit against YouTube-mp3 Pence, Conservative Views on Patents Likely to Influence Trump Move over Patent Trolls, Efficient Infringement has arrived on the Hill PTAB declares MRI machine an abstract idea, patent ineligible under Alice What is the Internet of Things and Why does it Matter? USPTO issues new memorandum on software eligibility in light of McRo, BASCOM The patent views of Peter Thiel and what they mean for the Trump Administration China increasingly a preferred venue for patent litigation, even for US patent owners The Enabling Technologies of the Internet of Things A Guide to Software Patent Eligibility at the Federal Circuit Hasbro faces copyright infringement claim over My Little Pony gaming app Software Patents Will Survive: How Section 101 Law Is Settling Down At IPWatchdog.com our focus is on the business, policy and substance of patents and other forms of intellectual property, such as copyrights and trademarks. Today IPWatchdog is recognized as one of the leading sources for news and information in the patent and innovation industries. In January 2014 we were honored to be inducted into the ABA Blawg Hall of Fame after being recognized for 3 years as the top IP blog on the Internet. © 1999 - 2016 IPWatchdog, Inc. Terms & Conditions of Use | Privacy Policy Recent Posts The Equitable Defense of Laches: SCA Hygiene Products v. First Quality Baby Products Changed Standard for Design Patent Damages Means More Design Patents Necessary Federal Circuit Upholds Sanctions and Attorney’s Fees for Vexatious Litigation and Frivolous Appeal At CES 2017, Alexa reigns supreme over the growing consumer market for AI tech Best of CES 2017 includes parental control software, gaming mice and ceiling tiles for wireless charging Subscribe to our Blog via email Connect with IPWatchdog  
DT Digital Trends DT Digital Trends Product Reviews Phones TVs Laptops Cars Games Tablets Headphones Cameras Desktops Speakers Appliances Wearables More Reviews News Mobile Computing Home Theater Gaming Cars Photography Home Movies & TV Music Wearables Cool Tech Health & Fitness Outdoors Business More News Features DT10 Now Boarding Road Rave The Audiophile Weekly Rewind Awesome Tech Weekend Workshop Trends with Benefits More Features Douglas Rushkoff David Weinberger More Opinions Videos Deals Shop Giveaways Best of Everything DT Español The Manual More Advertise About Us Contact Us Corrections Privacy Policy Terms of Use Careers Send Us Your News Tip DT Español The Manual Best Smartphones and Cell Phones Best TVs Best Headphones Best Cameras Best Laptops Best Desktop PCs Best Tablets Best Cars RSS DT Newsletter Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn Instagram Pinterest YouTube Home > Mobile > Google’s Toontastic 3D app teaches kids the… Google’s Toontastic 3D app teaches kids the basics of animation By Kyle Wiggers — January 13, 2017 7:52 AM Subscribe Share Don't Fall Behind Stay current with a recap of today's Tech News from Digital Trends If there’s anything kids enjoy more than hearing a story, it’s telling one themselves. And that’s a good thing — psychologists widely believe that imaginative activities like storytelling help children to acquire language and learn basic social cues. In that spirit of creativity, on Thursday Google released Toontastic 3D, an app that teaches kids how to create animated storybooks using their device’s camera and microphone. More: YouTube Kids hit by fresh complaints, this time over junk food videos “With Toontastic 3D, kids can draw, animate, and narrate their own adventures, news stories, school reports, and anything else they might dream up,” Google stated in a blog post. “All they need to do is move characters around on the screen and tell their story. It’s like a digital puppet theater […] but with enormous interactive 3D worlds, dozens of customizeable characters, 3D drawing tools, and an idea lab with sample stories to inspire new creations.” Toontastic isn’t exactly new; it’s the product of an acquisition. In 2015, Google bought Launchpad Toys, the company behind earlier Toontastic titles for iOS. But to be sure, the new Toontastic is an improvement in a number of ways. Characters and backgrounds are now in three dimensions. It’s now available for free on Android. Toontastic provides presets for kids to choose from, but affords a level of freedom, too. First, they pick how many acts they want their story to have and choose from three predetermined story arcs. Then they select from one of eight pre-drawn scenes or create their own with drawing tools. Finally, they pick (or draw) characters and animate them by moving them around and recording voiceovers with a microphone. Andy Russel, a Launchpad Toys co-founder and a Toontastic product manager, told TechCrunch the goal was to “[make] a tool that feels a little bit more like a toy and how kids create by play than your average video editing tool.” And they hoped that by making it free, they could get it in the hands of more kids. More: With India now in the mix, YouTube Kids app is available to children in 20 nations Toontastic is a little barebones right now, but Google said that it’s looking at adding more templates for story arcs over time. Future updates and new features will be made available at no extra charge. The app’s debut comes three years after Google announced plans to create specific versions of its most popular products for those 12 and younger. The California-based company rolled out YouTube Kids, a child-friendly version of the video sharing service shortly after, along with more robust parental controls across its existing catalog of apps. This also made it easier to find apps, books, music, movies, and other mobile content that’s age-appropriate kids and younger family members. Toontastic 3D also dovetails with the release of TeleStory, an augmented reality video camera that allowed kids to record and share their own TV shows. Toontastic 3D is available for Android and iOS starting today. Also watch: Share
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search 0 Mail Tech Home Follow Us Reviews How To Deals Video Games Pogue Apple You Can Now Hail an Uber from Google Maps: Here's How Althea Chang Senior Writer Tech Media Network (Tom's Guide)January 13, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share Google Maps users can now hail an Uber car and pay for it without having to open or even install the Uber mobile app. Within the Google Maps app, you can tap on the ride-hailing icon, which lists the estimated time it will take to get to your destination. You'll see your ride options, such as UberX or Uber Pool, and an estimate of about how much it will cost you.  Google is only "trying out" this Google Maps and Uber integration, however, wrote Google Senior Product Manager Sara McKinley Torti in an official Google blog post, so this capability won't be available for all Google Maps users just yet. Those who don't see the option to hail an Uber ride straight from Google Maps will nevertheless see a new look to the app. When you click on your ride-hailing option, you'll see a list of Uber options and pricing. Tap on one, and your Uber app will open (if you have it installed), and you'll book your ride from there. See also : Best 'Hey Siri' Tricks for Your iPhone Uber Now Tracks You After Your Ride: Here's How to Stop That You Can Now Schedule an Uber: Here's How How to Order an Uber from the Amazon Echo Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share What to Read Next 9 tech-friendly gifts for people obsessed with travel Yahoo Tech Make Every Play a Highlight Best BuySponsored Galaxy S7, S7 Edge Get Android Nougat Update International Business Times Wristband monitors your blood alcohol content while you drink Yahoo Tech Got 50 bucks burning a hole in your pocket? Here’s the best tech to spend it on Digital Trends 2017 Honda CR-V Central Iowa Honda DealersSponsored Showdown in the South China Sea: China’s artificial islands explained Digital Trends $40 device doubles the storage of your 32GB iPhone 7 or 7 Plus BGR News Privacy |Terms |About our Ads |Suggestions Brought to you by Yahoo Finance
ePaper Apps Postal Delivery Photos Competitions Newspaper Archive Advertise With Us Shop Death Notices Find a... Home Job IrishExaminer Menu Home mobile Hot Topics News - Breaking News - Today's Stories - Special Reports - World - Farming - Weather - Web Archive - Newspaper Archive Sport - Breaking News - GAA - Football - Hurling - Rugby - Soccer - Racing - Golf - Others - Columns Lifestyle - Culture - Fashion/Beauty - Features - Food/Drink - Health/Life - Outdoors/Garden - Damien Enright - Donal Hickey - Richard Collins - Dick Warner - Showbiz - Travel - Home Viewpoints - Columns - Analysis - Our View - Your View - Send your views Video - Video News - Video Sport - Video Lifestyle - Video Viral - Video You May Have Missed Business - Business News - Technology - Small Business ExamViral - Real Life - Fun Times - Science World - Animal Life - Celeb Life - Tech Times TechNow - Movies - Technology - Gaming Property - Property Search Motoring - News - Reviews - Motors & Me Showbiz Horoscopes Death Notices Help - Advertise With Us - Apps - Competitions - ePaper - Photos - Postal Delivery - Shop Find a - Home - Job News Sport Business Views Life ExamViral Property Motors Tech Video Showbiz Login go TechNow Games Tech Movies HOT TOPICS: Stormont crisis 8th Amendment Hospital overcrowding Homelessness Mental Health Home»Tech Now»Tech Google to create 400 new jobs in Dublin Friday, January 13, 2017 Internet giant Google is expected to create 400 new jobs in Dublin following the approval of its lease of a newly constructed property in Dublin 2 Sources close to the company said Google is in the middle of talks to rent Velasco building, a recently-constructed 51,000 sq ft block situated near to Google’s European headquarters in the heart of Grand Canal Docks in Dublin 2. The article notes that although no formal agreement has been reached, it is expected Google will be awarded the lease. With 3,000 permanent staff and 3,000 contractors currently employed by the tech giant, the new jobs will bring Google’s total number of staff in Ireland to around 6,500. Powered by ClickOnline.com READ MORE Visit the section home page here © Irish Examiner Ltd. All rights reserved Email UpdatesReceive our lunchtime briefing straight to your inbox More in this Section YouTube announces new Super Chat function LG G6 may see MWC 2017 launch Samsung could unveil its foldable phone this year Sony may launch OLED Xperia in 2018 Breaking Stories Sinn Féin will not nominate candidate for role of deputy first minister Six deadly things drivers do behind the wheel Pedestrian killed in Kilkenny road collision Explosive device discovered in Belfast 'designed to kill police officers' Lifestyle Book review: Turkey - The Insane and the Melancholy by Ece Temelkuran Antigua is a piece of paradise on the Caribbean BABY MAKERS: How British scientists are deciding the future of humanity This much I know: Cormac Ó hEadhra, radio presenter More From The Irish Examiner Watch Russian thrill-seekers 'horseboarding' - it's the latest extreme winter sport This plane flew to HEL on Friday the 13th Sherlock huge ratings winner for BBC A zoo in Berlin is asking for Twitter's help to name a polar bear cub Watch the moment SpaceX successfully launched an unmanned rocket into space Watch these lucky gamers get first dibs on Nintendo Switch Like Us On Facebook Follow Us On Twitter Nintendo Switch price finally revealed Dwayne Johnson confirms he's still Black Adam Google to create 400 new jobs in Dublin Lotto Results Wednesday, January 11, 2017 8 12 13 16 19 24 15 Full Lotto draw results » Follow the Irish Examiner Most Read Top Stories Tiger Woods unmasked by his friends Paddy Kelly: ‘Everyone was pissed off at what Cork GAA has become’ Gardaí hunt gang targeting Cork homes in spate of burglaries Ireland's most expensive road has been revealed Cork had no problem beating Limerick in the Munster senior hurling league 13-year-old Milo McCarthy is the man of the moment Helping children reach their potential: Explaining the role of special needs assistants Late Late Show viewers weren't happy to see Amanda Brunker getting botox live on air John Halligan to marry partner in Cork This footballer scored an incredible bicycle kick goal, proposed to his girlfriend and then got booked NEWS All-New Renault Mégane Launches in Ireland - Pricing from €155 per month All-New Renault Mégane Launches in Ireland - Pricing from €155 per month SPORT Mourinho rediscovers Midas touch as Klopp suffers a blip Make it Mome to crack rivals at Punchestown LIFESTYLE Book review: Turkey - The Insane and the Melancholy by Ece Temelkuran     Group » Irish Examiner Evening Echo BreakingNews.ie RecruitIreland.com Roscommon Herald Western People Carlow Nationalist Kildare Nationalist Laois Nationalist Gorey Echo New Ross Echo Enniscorthy Echo Wexford Echo Waterford News WLR FM Beat 102-103 News Breaking News Today´s Paper World Farming Technology Weather Death Notices Archives Text Only Titanic 100 Election 2016 Referendums 2015 Budget 2016 Sport Soccer Podcast Columnists GAA Rugby Golf Racing Other Sport Results Business Breaking Business News Business Analysis Getting Ahead The Small Business Show Small Business Viewpoints Our view (editorial) Your view (letters) Send letter to editor's page Columnists Books Property News House of the Week Cover Story Commercial Starter Homes Trading Up Features Property Search Lifestyle Showbiz Fashion & Beauty Food & Drink Health & Life Home & Gardens Travel Arts, Books, Film & TV Features Help FAQ Contact Us Media Pack Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Mobile Subscriptions Terms and Conditions NNI ePaper Postal Delivery Competitions RSS Text only © Irish Examiner Ltd, Linn Dubh, Assumption Road, Blackpool, Cork. Registered in Ireland: 523712.
ClickZ ClickZ Intelligence ClickZ Learn ClickZ Live header-ad-slot January 16, 2017 Search Engine Watch Home Industry SEO PPC Analytics Social Local Mobile Video Content Development Reports Toggle navigation Home Industry SEO PPC Analytics Social Local Mobile Video Content Development Reports Five most interesting search marketing news stories of the week Industry More News SEO 13 Jan 17 | Rebecca Sentance Facebook0 Linkedin34 Google+9 Twitter 43 Welcome to our weekly round-up of all the latest news and research from the world of search marketing and beyond. This week, Larry Kim peers into his crystal ball to make some outlandish predictions for SEO in 2017; Facebook is preparing to flip the switch on a mid-roll video ad offering that will share revenue with users; and – here’s a name you probably weren’t expecting to see crop up in the news – AOL is offering up free wireless data as a reward for engaging with ads. Nine crazy predictions for SEO in 2017 It’s January, and as we all know, the arrival of January and the new year heralds the arrival of any number of predictions posts across every website you visit. (I myself am guilty of publishing one this week). But with his ‘Nine crazy predictions for SEO in 2017‘, Larry Kim promises a predictions post like no other. From the biggest rankings shift in the history of Google, to the death of organic listings 6-10, and the complete demise of local SEO (yikes!), Kim has definitely gone bold and big with his predictions, all while citing evidence to back each one up. The predictions might seem “crazy”, but the reasoning isn’t, making this an article you mustn’t miss. And if anyone would like to set up a Search Engine Watch betting pool where we all place bets on which of the predictions will come true and when, I’m all in. Facebook to get mid-roll ads and share revenue with users On top of being the world’s most popular social network, Facebook has also become one of the most popular destinations for consuming online video content. Yet although Facebook has never been slow to monetise other parts of its service, it has sought very little revenue from its videos – until now. Al Roberts reports for ClickZ this week on the news that Facebook is poised to implement a mid-roll ad offering which will share 55% of the revenue generated with creators. In his piece, Roberts looks into the reasons why this could be a game-changer for Facebook’s advertising business. Last year, recode reported that Facebook is nearing the maximum amount of ads that it can show in a user’s News Feed. It’s clear that we are seeing the beginnings of Facebook’s newly diversified advertising strategy in response to that, following on from its monetisation of Facebook Messenger with sponsored messages in 2016. Consumers continue to turn to Amazon first for product search Every year, Google handles more than a trillion search queries, making it the world’s most popular search engine – something that will not exactly come as news to anyone who follows this website. But despite the existence of Google Shopping, when it comes to searches for products, Google is not the internet user’s first choice. According to analysts at financial services platform Raymond James, that honour belongs to Amazon. It isn’t the first time we’ve heard this news, or something like it; in September 2016, Graham Charlton reported for ClickZ that 55% of all product searches begin on Amazon, and a survey of more than 1,000 US consumers by PowerReviews in June also found that Amazon came first in product search. However, the figures from Raymond James re-confirm the fact that marketers shouldn’t be ignoring Amazon in their paid search campaigns. Could it be that some of their PPC efforts should be redirected towards Amazon? Image from Amazon Marketing Services Share this article Facebook0 Linkedin34 Google+9 Twitter 43 Related articles Nine crazy predictions for SEO in 2017 Question every part of your organic search strategy in 2017 Data-driven attribution: the cure for discount code abuse? Which Google algorithm changes impacted marketers most in 2016 - and what can we expect from 2017? Why you should be questioning every part of your organic search strategy in 2017 When was the last time you really tore apart your search strategy and examined why it is the way it is? In 2017, Kevin Gamache is challenging Search Engine Watch readers to “make 2017 the year you question everything”. In his article for SEW this week, Kevin lays out five fundamental questions to start asking about your search strategy, which cover everything from defining your approach to organic search to asking yourself who your customers are and how you want to target them. If one of your New Year’s resolutions was to take a fresh look at your SEO strategy, put this piece on your reading list. AOL tries to lure leads with free wireless data “AOL”. Just saying the name can give many of us flashbacks to the days of stuttering dial-up tones and a soothing female voice intoning “You have e-mail.” But in 2017, news about AOL is much more rare. Verizon purchased AOL for $4.4 billion back in 2015, and now, Al Roberts reports that the company is leveraging its wireless network as part of a new ad offering called BrandBuilder by AOL. So what is this new “ad creative framework”, and what do Verizon/AOL hope to achieve with it? Al Roberts looks into the details of the scheme over on ClickZ, and considers whether AOL’s offering of free wireless data as an incentive will be enough to generate true engagement. Want to stay on top of the latest search trends?Get top insights and news from our search experts. Subscribe Related reading Five most interesting search marketing news stories of the week This week, we've got stories from Bing, Google and Instagram, plus a look at how a new search engine powered by AI is transforming scientific research, and why the fake information epidemic could be damaging to local search. Industry Local More News Social 06 Jan 17 | Rebecca Sentance 10 online marketing strategies to make you a unicorn [infographic] Everyone who knows me knows I’m obsessed with unicorns – not just the magical beasts you’ll often find hanging out near rainbows but marketing unicorns. Development PPC SEO Social 05 Jan 17 | Larry Kim How a new AI powered search engine is changing how neuroscientists do research A new, free search engine called Semantic Scholar is using AI technology to help these scientists find relevant information much more quickly. More News SEO 04 Jan 17 | Adam Stetzer Five quick tips to boost your SEO in 2017 It’s the right time of the year to evaluate your SEO strategy and examine the best ways to improve it during 2017. This doesn’t have to be a complicated process, though. SEO 03 Jan 17 | Tereza Litsa Tags Amazon | AOL | Facebook | organic search | predictions | SEO Sign up for SEW Daily Daily news and insights about search engine marketing, SEO and paid search. Subscribe Visit us on: rhc-mpu-ad-slot1 Comments rhc-mpu-ad-slot2 Most Popular Say goodbye to Google: 14 alternative search engines Say goodbye to Google with these 14 alternative search engines, covering everything from information, images, videos, facts and stats. Oh and Gifs. How to write meta title tags for SEO (with good and bad examples) What is a title tag? How do you write one? Why are title tags important? Do they actually help with search engine optimisation? Going over to the duck side: a week using DuckDuckGo I’ve heard about DuckDuckGo a few times over the years, mostly as a name uttered in hushed whispers behind closed doors – “You don’t have to use Google. There is another way.” SEO basics: 22 essentials you need for optimizing your site Here we’ll take a look at the basic things you need to know in regards to search engine optimisation, a discipline that everyone in your organisation should at least be aware of, if not have a decent technical understanding. Want to stay on top of the latest search trends?Get top insights and news from our search experts. Subscribe Click here to advertise with us Powered By ClickZ Group Limited All rights reserved 1 Hammersmith Broadway London, W6 9DL editorial@clickz.com CATEGORIES Industry SEO PPC Analytics Social Local Mobile Video Content Development Home About SEW Contact SEW Advertise on SEW Site Map Website Terms of Use Copyright & Licensing Privacy policy Cookie & Privacy Policy Friend's email Message  https://searchenginewatch.com/2017/01/13/five-most-interesting-search-marketing-news-stories-of-the-week-10/ Send × Want to stay on top of search trends? Get top insights and news from our search expertsDelivered to you daily, straight to your inbox. Subscribe No thanks, I am not interested No thanks. Ask me later please Close
Skip to content Skip to content Home About Our Authority Authors / Contact Privacy Notice Archives Advertise Here! The Pub Flyer/Card Think Tank Entrepreneurs Know Your Enemy Barack Hussein Obama aka Barry Soetoro: World Citizen Cable News Propagandists George Soros – Bringing Down America Rush Limbaugh The 10 Wealthiest Members of Congress The Federal Reserve The Global Warming Myth The Supreme Court U.S. Chamber of Commerce Hometown Corporate Mafia The Wendt Gang Red Pill Documentaries The United States Constitution The Federalist Papers The Anti-Federalist Papers The Word From the Trenches Archives Choose from 5 Gift Options with a minimum donation of $35 Or you can mail donations to Henry Shivley at P.O. Box 964, Chiloquin, OR 97624 ← The Scandal of Chemical Weapons in U.S. Prisons From The Trenches Radio January 12, 2017 → You Won’t Believe the Reason Google Pulled Ads from these Big Sites Posted on January 13, 2017 by Joe from MassPrivateI Inc.com – by Erik Sherman Web ads are a major component of online marketing. Google is probably the biggest conduit of digital ads, and that makes it tough when a small company runs afoul of the giant’s standards. One of those standards is the demand websites not place Google-served ads on the same page as “inappropriate” content. It’s reasonable, as advertisers often insist that their promotions don’t appear in such contexts. What isn’t reasonable, though, is how often Google will label something as inappropriate when the call seems wildly overreaching. Such popular and long-standing sites as Fark.com, BoingBoing, and Skepchick have found themselves suddenly without ad revenue — or a clear way to rectify what ultimately turned out to be a mistake on the part of Google.   How Fark got waylaid Fark made its problem public this week. For a period of about five weeks in the last quarter of 2016, the site had no revenue from Google AdSense, and the money already in the account was confiscated. Google’s “algorithm incorrectly flagged an image put on our site 6 years ago [without warning],” founder and CEO Drew Curtis told me. He describes Fark as what would happen “if the Daily Show ran the Drudge Report.” He was told that the site had an image on a 6-year-old post that was “child pornography.” Here’s the quick version of events that Curtis posted as part of a longer entry. The thread in question, which contained the image flagged by Google Policy, was originally posted back in 2010. The thread linked to an ABC.co.au article about a guy who was acquitted of charges of possession of underage material in Puerto Rico. He’d bought a pirated DVD in Venezuela and was busted by U.S. Customs because there was a picture on the cover that looked like she was underage (I’m certain this picture isn’t the same as the image Google flagged, by the way). At the trial a child psychologist even testified that there was no way she could be an adult. Someone managed to locate the actress, however, who flew down and testified in person that she had been 19 years old at the time. He was cleared of all charges. The image in the thread was of the actress, who in addition to being an adult at the time, was fully clothed in the photo. Why did a fully-clothed picture of an actress posted in a comment on the story set off Google’s system? Curtis wasn’t explicitly told, but the image also had an icon with the words “pedo bear” and a picture of a cartoon bear. (Check the link to his post, scroll down, and you can see for yourself.) The icon is a widespread internet meme about pedophilia that was often edited into existing pictures, no matter what their nature. “I contacted everyone I knew at Google,” when the ads went down and money in the AdSense account was unavailable, Curtis said. He eventually contacted “some high up guys” in Google “and none of them could figure out what it was.” The fourth quarter, when this happened, is a critical revenue time for Fark. It ultimately took five weeks to resolve the issue, except he didn’t receive a refund of the missing money. The financial hit was so hard that he’s asking regular visitors to consider a paid membership. “We’re done with advertising,” Curtis said. “We need to get subscribers.” BoingBoing gets the bounce Fark isn’t the only site that has found itself on the wrong side of Google’s due diligence. Curtis said that he’s heard from many other sites with the same experience, although most don’t want to speak publicly for fear of being blacklisted by Google. One major site that was willing to talk to me about its experience was BoingBoing, which bills itself as the “award-winning zine, blog and directory of wonderful things” and started in 1988. Publisher Jason Weisberger discussed a similar experience that happened between May and June in 2016. “It was a 10 year old news story … about an animated character in Japan called Pedobear,” which was the start of the meme. “There may have been a picture of a dude in a bear outfit.” The article was a news piece that mentioned the character in the headline. As happened with Fark, Weisberger found out by noticing that the ads were cut and, like Fark, he’s heard from other publishers with the same experience. “It was completely done by an automated system,” Weisberger said. “When we talked to humans [at Google], they said, ‘Oh yeah, it shouldn’t be happening, but it will fix itself.’ We kept hearing the automated system caught it and would fix it, don’t worry. Every day would go by and [nothing was fixed].” “We’ve relied on Google as a source of revenue for 8 to 10 years, and this was the first time something went terribly astray” Weisberger said. “Suddenly something that is double digit percentages of your income disappears. Google’s largest source of revenue was being run by robots. A human looking at it would immediately understand.” To add to the injury, when Google dropped ad placement, the site suddenly had much more inventory. Automated ad bidding and placement systems used by advertisers noticed the change and so suddenly started offering far less for their ads. Skepchick too A third side is Skepchick, a collection of blogs about science and critical thinking with a feminist twist. Founder and publisher Rebecca Watson has received regular challenges to her content since 2011, when her AdSense account was closed for suspected fraudulent traffic that was actually a post three major sites linked to. She had 5 warnings in 2015 and 11 last year. “They’re [almost] always completely ridiculous,” Watson said. “I think the most recent one was ‘sexually explicit material.'” The link she was provided through AdSense, which she’s learned to check frequently, was for a tag called “spanking.” “I have dozens of writers on the site,” Watson said. “Sometimes they’re a little snarky and a little salty. I clicked the link and literally every single post was about the science of spanking your children [and intended for parents]. Not a single post was anything sexual.” However, the notifications don’t include an option for inaccurately tagged material. “The only options are things like, ‘I’ve edited the content to remove any sexually explicit stuff’ or ‘I deleted the content’ or ‘I deleted the ads.'” Watson says that some of the notifications are reasonable, because the site will deal with women’s health issues or sexually explicit subject matter. In those cases, she’ll edit the post in question or link out to someone else’s. But every notification brings worry. “If I can’t get through to someone at AdSense [about an alleged problem], I’m screwed for any money that month,” Watson said. “Even with AdSense I barely keep up with server costs.” Any income comes from other projects and reader donations. What does Google say? I contacted Google and spoke with a representative who said very little. The company will not discuss specific situations with publishers, although the spokesperson did say, “We have a combination of human reviews and automated technologies that help us to scale.” She also claimed to have “outreach programs” and ways for publishers to get in touch, such as asking questions on social media or using an online partnership group. “Many of the publishers we work with don’t understand how [the system] works,” the spokesperson said. To be fair, according to the highly experienced and long-established publishers I spoke with, many of the people they know at Google don’t seem to understand how the system works either. I could have received more details, but only “off the record,” which meant I couldn’t even mention them in this article, so I declined the secret information. [UPDATE (12-Jan-2017 7:45PM): The spokesperson emailed later to stress that all flagged accounts are reviewed by a humans and that “many violations for inappropriate content are flagged by users and advertisers.” She provided a link to the written policy on “illegal content image violation,” but I lacked the permissions to see the link. However another link to AdSense policies yielded the following: AdSense is a family-safe network. Our policy regarding adult or mature content may include any material that is not appropriate for all audiences. While this obviously includes full nudity or sexual activity, it may also include textually explicit sexual content, image or video content containing lewd or provocative poses, strategically covered nudity, see-through or sheer clothing, and close-ups of anatomy that would be inappropriate if shown nude. Additionally, topics such as sexual health and sex tips may be held to a higher standard of professionalism than content that isn’t bordering on mature. Even if there’s no adult content hosted on your page, links to adult pages or displaying adult ads from a third party will also be considered as adult content. When in doubt about whether an image or text might be construed as adult content, our general guideline is this: if you wouldn’t want a child to see the content, or if you would be embarrassed to view the page in front of colleagues, then it’s probably not family-safe and you shouldn’t place AdSense ad code on it. So, the pedobear phrase at Fark or BoingBoing could have been seen in theory as enough to trigger a violation. That said, if the actions were reversed, it does call into question whether the level of human review is enough. There’s an interesting Harvard Business Review article, which I mention below in the body of the post, by two researchers at Microsoft Research about the human review that takes place with AI systems. The article raises the questions of whether the people who perform the review are necessary have the training, cultural references, or even English skills to perform the work. One reviewer that the authors met in India had to ask her teenage sons whether some word was “bad” in English. She allegedly does temp work for such companies as Microsoft, Facebook, Twitter, and Google to “train the algorithms that will curate online content.”] The coming scary future Clearly sites that depend on Google for advertising face a problem. Highly automated systems can make decisions that can seem arbitrary, and getting human review may be harder than vendors claim. Another complication, according to senior researchers at Microsoft Research Mary Gray and Siddharth Suri in a Harvard Business Review article, is that often, human review when “AI falls short” happens in other countries with other cultures and may be undertaken by people whose English skills are poor. Just because a business doesn’t use Google AdSense doesn’t mean it is free from the bigger trend and issues. Companies are increasingly pushing decisions onto AI-powered systems. Bridgewater Associates, the world’s largest hedge fund, is looking to “automate decision making to save time and eliminate human emotional volatility.” [UPDATE (12-Jan-2017 7:53PM: Another example is a Japanese insurance firm, Fukoku Mutual Life Insurance, which is replacing 34 employees who used to calculate insurance payouts with an AI system.] What happens when these decisions are used by vendors to make credit decisions, manage product availability for clients, and otherwise handle processes that are critical to smaller customers? Such efficiencies might prove to be great ways for large companies to save money but poor for the entrepreneurs who have to live with sometimes painful and damaging consequences. http://www.inc.com/erik-sherman/you-wont-believe-the-reason-google-pulled-ads-from-these-big-sites.html Share this: Print Email Share on Tumblr Tweet Pocket This entry was posted in News. Bookmark the permalink. 336 ← The Scandal of Chemical Weapons in U.S. Prisons From The Trenches Radio January 12, 2017 → One Response to You Won’t Believe the Reason Google Pulled Ads from these Big Sites Jolly Roger says: January 13, 2017 at 7:40 am SCREW Google. They’re the enemy, and they’re trying to control the internet so it can be part of their propaganda machine. People really have to start choosing what side of this fight they’re on, and displaying a little loyalty to their side rather than selling their ass for a few Google pennies. Google wants you dead, you dumb shit. How much do you intend to pay them for the pleasure of killing you? There are hundreds of search engines to choose from. There’s no need nor sense in anyone using Google services for anything. Cater to their business, and you fund your own destruction. Reply Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Website Notify me of follow-up comments by email. Notify me of new posts by email. Doom and Bloom The Distillery Network E-Cigarettes Listen Live Monday - Friday 12 pm - 2 pm Pacific Call in line:  (641) 715-3610 Conference line:  220029# The Word From the Trenches Archives RICO REALTY The Looted Trillions Roscoe Reports US National Debt Clock Search Articles Search for: Connect     Notify of New Posts Email Address Get your AE 9/11 and Israel/Palestine Information Packets Help Support From the Trenches Or you can mail donations to Henry Shivley at P.O. Box 964, Chiloquin, OR 97624 This Land Photos Recent Comments Angel-NYC on Ringling Bros. circus folding its tent after nearly 150 years Angel-NYC on Texas cattle fever tick update: More infested premises in Live Oak County KOYOTE on Cutting Cash Would Be A Boon For The World’s Poor Clarioncaller on Ringling Bros. circus folding its tent after nearly 150 years Frank Face on Federals run like dogs after seeing the people of Mexico pissed FarBeyondBitter on Dashcam Video Show Gunfire Exchange Involving Sheriff’s Deputy FarBeyondBitter on Bundy Ranch Judge to Political Prisoners: No, You Can’t Have a Bill of Particulars Bullwinkle on Police fatally shoot man with screwdriver in Queens, NYPD says TheRev on Student Throws Volleyball At May River High School’s Resource Officer ed lown on Bundy Ranch Judge to Political Prisoners: No, You Can’t Have a Bill of Particulars evilbughead on Why Was MacArthur Brought Out of Retirement? koyote on Bundy Ranch Judge to Political Prisoners: No, You Can’t Have a Bill of Particulars Charles q on Bundy Ranch Judge to Political Prisoners: No, You Can’t Have a Bill of Particulars Charles q on Federals run like dogs after seeing the people of Mexico pissed kender on My Dog has an addiction. Charles q on Dashcam Video Show Gunfire Exchange Involving Sheriff’s Deputy Andrew on Federals run like dogs after seeing the people of Mexico pissed Nailbanger on Bundy Ranch Judge to Political Prisoners: No, You Can’t Have a Bill of Particulars GrinNBarrett on Student Throws Volleyball At May River High School’s Resource Officer Frank Face on Federals run like dogs after seeing the people of Mexico pissed Help Support From the Trenches  Subscribe in a reader © 2010 - 2016 From the Trenches World Report Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Sections MarTech CMO Social SEM SEO Mobile Analytics Display Email Retail Video Home Submit Follow Us Follow CMO Social SEM SEO Mobile Analytics Display Retail MarTech More Submit Follow SUBSCRIBE Subscribe Marketing Land Trending Story YouTube Labs pairs brands & agencies with creators Year in review Here are Marketing Land's top 10 columns of 2017 Subscribe to Marketing Day SUBSCRIBE MarTech CMO Social SEM SEO Mobile Analytics Display Email Retail Video Home Local Get the latest news in local marketing each week. SUBSCRIBE Google taking another run at simple website creation for small businesses The site builder is presented under the websites tab in GMB and pre-populated, with customization options. Greg Sterling on January 13, 2017 at 10:11 am More Google has been in and out of the small business (SMB) web creation and hosting business since 2006. Apparently, it’s making a renewed effort at providing a very basic website creation tool to local business owners. SMB survey data vary, but a still-meaningful percentage of SMBs don’t have websites. Mike Blumenthal has played with the tool, which is presented in Google My Business (GMB): It is essentially a super simple single page website builder with very little opportunity for customization or change. Upon access to the Website tab in the GMB, it comes up with a default category specific background image and theme image. It appears to be pre-populated based on the data on file, with several customization options. Google’s first effort at something like this was in 2006, with “Page Creator.” That tool no longer exists; it was replaced in 2008 by Google Sites. But at the time of launch, here’s what Google said about it: Google Page Creator has been designed with ease of use in mind. Its unique interface enables users to edit and create pages just as they appear online, without knowledge of HTML or other computer programming languages. Combined with a simple one-step publishing process, users can create attractive, functional web pages in minutes — hosted by Google for free. Google Page Creator is a web-based tool, meaning no download is necessary. Users need only visit http//pages.google.com and sign in using their Gmail account to begin creating and publishing their own web pages. The general rationale was: SMBs that don’t have sites can’t be found in search and, perhaps more importantly, can’t advertise because there’s no landing page. Google will introduce a free mobile website creation tool in India this year, according to The Wall Street Journal. Google has equally tried to help US small businesses develop mobile websites in the past and will likely make a renewed push at some point in the near future. The GMB-based site builder is undoubtedly responsive (or some version thereof), so it works for mobile. It doesn’t appear that the tool is built on the AMP framework, although that’s not clear from what I’ve seen. About The Author Greg Sterling Greg Sterling is a Contributing Editor at Search Engine Land. He writes a personal blog, Screenwerk, about connecting the dots between digital media and real-world consumer behavior. He is also VP of Strategy and Insights for the Local Search Association. Follow him on Twitter or find him at Google+. Sponsored We're listening. Have something to say about this article? Share it with us on Facebook, Twitter or our LinkedIn Group. WATCH #SB51 TEASER ADS Attend Our Conferences March 21-23, 2017: SMX West June 2017: SMX Advanced October 24-26, 2017: SMX East × Attend SMX - Click Here Learn More About Our SMX Events Gain new strategies and insights at the intersection of marketing, technology, and management. Our next conference will be held: May 9-11, 2017: MarTech San Francisco October 2-4, 2017: MarTech Boston × Attend MarTech - Click Here Learn More About Our MarTech Events Take the MarTech Quiz Think you know martech? Find out by taking this 3-minute quiz. See how you score and share it with friends! Let's Get Started White Papers Benchmark Report: 2017 State of Customer Marketing How SEO + UX Can Thrive Together Social Media ROI Template How an Insight Community Creates More Effective Brand Marketing How to Keep Your Customers From Cheating on You See More Whitepapers Webcasts 5 Disruptions Reshaping Marketing As We Know It Integrated Marketing Analytics: Creating a single source of data truth Video Marketing 2017: What You Need to Know See More Webcasts Research Reports Content Marketing Tools B2B Predictive Marketing Analytics Platforms Social Media Management Software Call Analytics Platforms Paid Media Campaign Management Platforms B2B Marketing Automation Platforms See More Research Get our daily Marketing Day newsletter. SUBSCRIBE Follow Us © 2017 Third Door Media, Inc. All rights reserved.
Sections MarTech CMO Social SEM SEO Mobile Analytics Display Email Retail Video Home Submit Follow Us Follow CMO Social SEM SEO Mobile Analytics Display Retail MarTech More Submit Follow SUBSCRIBE Subscribe Marketing Land Trending Story YouTube Labs pairs brands & agencies with creators Year in review Here are Marketing Land's top 10 columns of 2017 Subscribe to Marketing Day SUBSCRIBE MarTech CMO Social SEM SEO Mobile Analytics Display Email Retail Video Home Content Marketing Sign up for content marketing news and tips delivered every Tuesday. SUBSCRIBE Content marketing ideation: Where do good ideas come from? It's not easy to keep coming up with new ideas for content. Columnist Rachel Lindteigen reveals steps you can take to help with the process. Rachel Lindteigen on January 13, 2017 at 10:07 am More It’s hard to believe, but we’re already in 2017 … wow. The start of a new year is a great time to review your current content marketing program and see how you’re doing. Is it time to change things up a bit for the new year or are you A-OK just cruising along as is? Let me give you a hint: it’s the former, not the latter in most instances. When you just cruise along, your results normally reflect the level of effort. Anyway, one of the most common questions I hear is, “How do you keep coming up with new ideas for content topics?” Let’s be honest — this can be a tough one. Have you ever had an assignment due and no clue what you were going to write about? Yeah, me, too. If we’re being honest, we’ve probably all been there before. It’s normal. Being creative can be tough, and sometimes you’re just not in the right mindset to come up with a great idea. But there are steps you can take that can help. I recommend taking a bulk content ideation approach. Rather than focusing on coming up with just one great idea, I try to focus on an area and generate multiple ideas during a brainstorming session. If I have other people to work with, great! I love collaboration. But sometimes you’re stuck working alone, and you still need to figure out what to write about. Think about your customer When I’m starting the content ideation process for myself or a client, I always start by thinking about the audience first. What information does the audience care about? What questions do they have? If you think about them and their questions, you’ll often find that topic ideas will emerge pretty easily. Once I’ve come up with a list of questions I think should be answered, I reach out to others who might know my audience. If you have an active social media following, this would be a great time to ask what questions they have or take a look at what they’ve asked about in recent months. Answer customer questions If your website has internal search capabilities, you can go through the data to see if there are relevant questions you could answer. If you have a customer service team, they should be your new BFF during the content ideation process, because they talk to customers every day and know what they get asked all the time. If you can create content your customers need, they’re going to engage with you. From there, I compile my list and start looking for trends. If I have six questions that all center around a certain topic, there’s a good chance that’s a piece of content I should write. See what Google suggests Maybe I’ve found the right topic, or maybe it’s just a good starting point, and I want to keep digging. I’ll take that topic and go to Google to see what Google Suggest gives me using my seed idea. So for today’s post, I started with Content Marketing, then went to Content Marketing Ideas, and as you can see, Google suggested the following topics: …which led me to write this column on content marketing ideation. Another great tool you can use for topic ideation is Answer The Public. This site lets you enter your keyword ideas and provides you with a list of questions about that topic. Answer the Public is free to use and can definitely help your content ideation process. Once I have a list of potential topics, I go through and determine which ones I want to focus on first and start writing. Help answer the public’s questions If you want to have a successful marketing program, it’s important to spend time on the research and ideation phase before jumping into content development. If you’re currently not spending time on the research and ideation phase, I strongly encourage you to change your approach and be a bit more strategic as we move into 2017. When you provide answers to questions your customers have, they’re more likely to engage with your site. When they engage with your site, Google sees you as a resource for those topics and, in turn, often ranks you higher — because, like you, Google wants to provide its customers with the best, most relevant content every time they search. So, an easy-to-follow content ideation plan: Think about your customer. Answer their questions. See what Google suggests. Help answer the public’s questions. Focus on providing great content that’s useful, and you’ll start seeing the results. Good luck in 2017! Some opinions expressed in this article may be those of a guest author and not necessarily Marketing Land. Staff authors are listed here. About The Author Rachel Lindteigen Rachel Lindteigen is the founder of Etched Marketing and the former Senior Director, Content Marketing for PMX Agency. Rachel has over twenty years of content writing, editing and strategy development and ten years of digital marketing experience. She works with many top e-commerce retailers and crafts both local and national level SEO strategies. Rachel has a bachelor’s degree in broadcast journalism from the Walter Cronkite School for Journalism and Telecommunications at Arizona State University and an MBA in Marketing. Sponsored We're listening. Have something to say about this article? Share it with us on Facebook, Twitter or our LinkedIn Group. WATCH #SB51 TEASER ADS Attend Our Conferences March 21-23, 2017: SMX West June 2017: SMX Advanced October 24-26, 2017: SMX East × Attend SMX - Click Here Learn More About Our SMX Events Gain new strategies and insights at the intersection of marketing, technology, and management. Our next conference will be held: May 9-11, 2017: MarTech San Francisco October 2-4, 2017: MarTech Boston × Attend MarTech - Click Here Learn More About Our MarTech Events Take the MarTech Quiz Think you know martech? Find out by taking this 3-minute quiz. See how you score and share it with friends! Let's Get Started White Papers Benchmark Report: 2017 State of Customer Marketing How SEO + UX Can Thrive Together Social Media ROI Template How an Insight Community Creates More Effective Brand Marketing How to Keep Your Customers From Cheating on You See More Whitepapers Webcasts 5 Disruptions Reshaping Marketing As We Know It Integrated Marketing Analytics: Creating a single source of data truth Video Marketing 2017: What You Need to Know See More Webcasts Research Reports Content Marketing Tools B2B Predictive Marketing Analytics Platforms Social Media Management Software Call Analytics Platforms Paid Media Campaign Management Platforms B2B Marketing Automation Platforms See More Research Get our daily Marketing Day newsletter. SUBSCRIBE Follow Us © 2017 Third Door Media, Inc. All rights reserved.
Stay Connected Widgetized Section Go to Admin » Appearance » Widgets » and move Gabfire Widget: Social into that MastheadOverlay zone Home Shop Advertise Events Library Press Releases Newsletter Register About Us Broadband Cable Equipment FTTH ISP Satellite Telco Test & Monitor Broadcast Advertising Ads Targetted Digital Radio DSO DTH/Satellite DTT/DSO FTA Pay TV Services VOD Catch Up Premium Business Funding IPO Joint Venture M&A People Regulation Policy Spectrum Standards Results Content app CA/DRM CDNs Games Piracy Production Rights UGC VR Work flow In Home Home Network PVR STB Mobile APPS Companion devices MNO Mobile TV Portable Media OTT Connected TV HbbTV IPTV Middleware IPG Search/Recommendation OTT UGC Research Consumer Behaviour Equipment Markets Social Media UHD Equipment Production Ultra-HD/4K White Papers Mobile AR to drive $108bn VR/AR market by 2021 January 13, 2017 Digi-Capital has released a market report on the future of mobile AR and is predicting big things after a mixed first year: “VR will be big, AR will be bigger and take longer.” What sounded revolutionary when we first said it 2 years ago has become accepted wisdom. But now the market has actually launched, we’ve got 12 months of real world performance and major tech players’ strategies emerging. And that’s changed our views on VR/AR growth. A lot. Our new Augmented/Virtual Reality Report 2017 base case is that Mobile AR could become the primary driver of a $108 billion VR/AR market by 2021 (underperform $94 billion, outperform $122 billion) with AR taking the lion’s share of $83 billion and VR $25 billion. What went right (and wrong) last year Let’s start with less than happy times. Facebook (Oculus Rift) and HTC (Vive) had growing pains at launch, whether slower than expected shipping or order cancellations. Oculus launched without Touch controllers, which eventually cost $199 instead of being bundled (i.e. non-PC full system costs hit $798 – same as HTC Vive). Samsung’s Galaxy Note 7 saw part of its mobile VR ambitions literally go up in smoke, as the new Gear VR was designed to be compatible with that flagship device. Magic Leap also received a boatload of speculation about the tech it used to raise $1.4 billion. Thankfully Nintendo/The Pokémon Company/Niantic had a breakout success that even they didn’t anticipate. Pokémon Go delivered $600 million mobile AR revenue in its first three months alone, making more money through the year than the entire VR games software market in 2016. While this came from a very specific set of circumstances, there have been direct knock-on effects for major tech companies’ mobile AR strategies. As well as Sony’s solid launch of Playstation VR, the quiet achiever last year was Google. It launched its Daydream View mobile VR headset/controller and the first Tango mobile AR phone. What helped even more was Snap’s genius launch of Spectacles, which made wearing goofy future glasses cool again (no more Glassholes) even though it isn’t really AR. All out, all change The absolute performance of VR/AR in 2016 was not as important as how it changed the trajectory of the market. Where at the start of the year we thought 2016 could deliver $4.4 billion VR/AR revenue ($3.8 billion VR, $0.6 billion AR), the launch year’s issues resulted in only $2.7 billion VR revenue. This was counterbalanced by Pokémon Go’s outperformance helping AR to an unexpected $1.2 billion revenue, for a total $3.9 billion VR/AR market in 2016 (we were 11% optimistic). But the last 12 months have fundamentally reshaped how the market could grow going forward. Virtually the same, but different Mobile VR will still produce the dominant “Explorer” (free up to $100) installed base for VR, with Google Daydream View moving things on from Cardboard days. However Samsung’s troubles last year meant that mobile VR didn’t get off to the flying start it could have. A smaller installed base than expected in 2016 reduces the network effects that platforms need to scale, which could slow things by 6 to 12 months. Mobile VR is still going to be big, but it might take a little longer to get there. Sony’s Playstation VR launch and Microsoft’s upcoming Windows 10 VR headsets are the boosters VR needs, with consumer price points and performance that work for an “Enthusiast” (less than $400) market. Microsoft’s offering with inside-out tracking (inherited from HoloLens) is a game changer at a $299 price point. Plus it doesn’t need a brand new PC to run it, which makes it a genuine consumer product. Facebook and HTC’s higher priced offerings and platform requirements are at risk of being squeezed into a low volume “Specialist” (less than $1,500 total system cost including platform) market by Sony and Microsoft. A deep niche populated by whales, but one that could become a narrow trench unless something can be done about price. Augmented by name In response to Pokémon Go, Apple’s Tim Cook said that Apple is “high on AR in the long run…continue to invest a lot in this…AR can be huge.” Google’s Sundar Pichai, Facebook’s Mark Zuckerberg and Microsoft’s Satya Nadella also hailed Pokémon Go as a major early win for AR. But there are 5 big challenges AR needs to conquer for mass consumers: (1) hero device (i.e. an Apple quality device, whether made by Apple or someone else), (2) all-day battery life (3) mobile connectivity, (4) app ecosystem, and (5) telco cross-subsidization. While most attention is paid to what that hero device will look like and when it will get here, two of the other challenges are particularly hard to solve. Until a major breakthrough in battery technology, a lightweight pair of AR smartglasses doing heavy duty AR is hard to power all day without a battery pack or hot swappable batteries (which are fine for enterprise customers, but a harder sell for consumers). This is a non-trivial problem. Plus it’s a major risk for the developer ecosystem to invest heavily in building apps for new platforms until the installed base reaches scale. It’s the perennial chicken and egg problem that all new tech platforms face. So where does this leave titans like Apple, Google, Facebook and Microsoft, and all the high-growth AR smartglasses startups? Augmented by nature Mobile AR could conquer the five major challenges for AR to go mass consumer in the short term. Mark Zuckerberg thinks so, “the phone is probably going to be the mainstream consumer platform [where] a lot of these AR features become mainstream, rather than a glasses form factor that people will wear on their face.” Smartphones solve four of the major challenges for mass consumer AR already: all day battery life, mobile connectivity, app ecosystem and telco cross-subsidization. Plus you’re probably reading this on a hero device (iPhone, Samsung or other great Android phone) – it just doesn’t have the sensors and software to be a full AR phone. Yet. Pokémon Go is a thin lens into the potential of mobile AR (even if industry insiders don’t like to call it that). The first step to true mobile AR was taken when Google launched its Tango AR phone with Lenovo. While that doesn’t look like the hero device mobile AR needs to take off yet, it points in the direction of the tech that Apple, Samsung and others could use to revitalize innovation and growth in the slowing smartphone market. And this is where mobile AR’s secret weapon comes into play – replacement cycles. It’s free after you’ve paid for it Most developed mobile markets have hit saturation, with sales coming from consumers replacing their phones regularly despite not really needing to. It’s just something that we do. But that replacement cycle has been edging up from under two years towards three years, which is a major headache for Apple, Samsung and others. After nearly a decade of outperformance, Apple saw declining iPhone sales and revenue last year. Samsung’s Kim Gae-youn said it could “secure a baseline profit even if the market stagnates, so long as we don’t make a bad mistake.” And that was before the Galaxy Note 7. Smartphones are a mature market, crying out for innovation to rekindle growth. So it’s no accident that Apple bought Metaio, with speculation in the industry of the core team working in secret deep inside the company. Similarly Samsung’s Sung-Hoon Hong has talked about its “light field engine” that can produce “really, really realistic” holograms that look “really touchable”, and how augmented reality has “much better business development” potential than virtual reality. Qualcomm’s Seshu Madhavapeddy said that its flagship processors could enable phone based AR with significant battery savings and smaller form factors. Neither Apple nor Samsung has said anything specific about their mobile AR plans, but our base assumption is that they could launch AR enabled phones in 2018 (outperform 2017, underperform 2019). Other major phone makers might join them. While there is a chance this could happen in 2017, if an iPhone 7S and Galaxy S8 turn out to be standard phones this year, then next year the iPhone 8 and Galaxy S9 could become the dawn of mass mobile AR. The beauty of this approach is that it doesn’t require consumers to do anything they don’t already do – just replace their iPhones and Samsung phones as usual. If they get everything right, AR phones could become the new hotness to drive mobile growth again. Who wants an old smartphone when you can have a magic window on the world? I want my smartglasses But where (or rather when) are the “true” augmented reality smartglasses we’ve been promised? While you’ll be able to buy your smartglasses from ODG, Meta and others this year, AR smartglasses’ 5 big challenges might not all be resolved before 2019. Smartglasses leaders could remain focused on “Enterprise” (>$1,500 total system costs) and consumer Specialist (<$1,500) markets, until they are able to completely replace your smartphone without a battery pack and also offer a full app ecosystem. For the next few years standalone smartglasses could build a deep high-end market as discretionary purchases independent of the phone you’re going to buy anyway. Smartglasses’ inflection point could come when they begin to cannibalize smartphone sales outright. Apple, Samsung and others could become smartglasses players later (unless Robert Scoble was well informed) as a natural progression from mobile AR, potentially launching them as phone peripherals like smartwatches (only this time cool and disruptive). Google, Facebook, Snap and China’s BAT (Baidu, Alibaba, Tencent) could also have big roles to play. So what next? While the market could play out in many ways, let’s look at what major players’ strategies might be. Things could turn out differently, so we’ll revisit as we learn what is (and isn’t) happening. Facebook is the largest single investor in VR/AR after buying Oculus for $2 billion and investing at least $500 million more. The company began telegraphing what might come next by splitting Oculus into PC and mobile divisions and showcasing two different VR social platforms. Oculus’ PC VR division looks set to remain in VR Specialist and Enthusiast markets because of price, so increasingly doesn’t look like a Facebook-sized (i.e. 100s of millions to billions of users) asset. Facebook could keep the Oculus PC VR division as a high-end test bed to support mobile VR/AR efforts, or spin it out (like Niantic from Google), merge it (potentially consolidating the high-end PC VR market) or sell it outright. Oculus’ mobile VR division is in a prime position to continue running Samsung’s Gear VR appstore and drive Gear VR innovation. Mark Zuckerberg has already said he believes in mobile AR, but as a non-phone maker Facebook could stick to its roots as a software player in that market. Given its track record as a Snap fast follower, we might end up wearing Facebook “Spectacles” too. Apple is the best placed of all major tech companies to potentially drive mobile AR, with its end-to-end ecosystem of hardware, software, app store, developers and retail. The company has been characteristically enigmatic despite Tim Cook’s stated enthusiasm for AR, but all it needs are a few additional sensors, integrated Metaio software and some serious intent. As above, our base case sees this happening next year (outperform 2017, underperform 2019). For Apple customers, there would be no marginal cost to buying an AR enabled iPhone – they’re going to buy one anyway. Nurturing a growing ecosystem of apps and developers is second nature for Apple, so in the long run smartglasses as an iPhone peripheral might be a logical next step from Apple’s mobile AR efforts. It doesn’t look like Apple will disrupt itself with standalone smartglasses to replace your iPhone just yet (again unless Robert Scoble was well informed. If so, our outperform case comes into play). Samsung is likely to remain a major player in mobile VR, despite what happened with the Galaxy Note 7. But it’s not a full ecosystem play for mobile VR because Facebook runs its Gear VR appstore. Samsung could stick to its hardware roots with mobile AR using similar timing to Apple, with others driving appstores and software in that market too. Also like Apple, AR smartglasses as a Samsung phone peripheral could become a logical progression from mobile AR long-term. Microsoft’s Satya Nadella focused HoloLens AR/mixed reality on the Enterprise market because of its high spec and price, and going mass consumer doesn’t look likely in coming years. So while you could play Minecraft on HoloLens, you’ll only do so as part of “research” at work. Microsoft’s Windows 10 VR is a game changer for the PC/console VR market with its inside-out tracking, low price and basic platform requirements, and the company is staying true to its Windows playbook with partners HP, Dell, Lenovo, Acer and Asus making the hardware. There’s also a good chance Xbox One Scorpio will see a Windows VR headset bundle at launch to drive console VR growth. Yet despite all its assets, Microsoft doesn’t have a focused mobile VR/AR play apart from Minecraft (a big game, but not a platform). Until a clear strategy emerges, Satya Nadella’s Microsoft risks missing the mobile VR/AR platform shift in the same way Steve Ballmer’s Microsoft did with phones. After its misadventures with Glass, Google is doing the Googliest thing possible for VR/AR – everything. For VR Explorers, Cardboard is a low risk entry point for VR and Daydream View could become the mobile VR leader (whether made by Google or others). Google’s approach with Tango (both inhouse and with hardware partners) is at the forefront of the impending mobile AR revolution. However, Apple vs Google in mobile VR/AR could end up looking like iOS vs Android: Apple with a hugely profitable end-to-end mobile AR ecosystem, Google enabling a larger open mobile VR/AR ecosystem to drive its core search advertising and Google Play revenues. A good result either way. Speculation about a merged Tango/Daydream standard using Tango sensors for VR might require a new form factor to the current closed back Daydream View, and it’s still too early to make a call on a potential Google Glass 2. The console/PC VR market should also see Sony continue to drive core games revenues with PSVR, while HTC’s Cher Wang could consider how to make the HTC Vive more accessible to a mass consumer audience in terms of price. HTC might also adopt a Facebook-style dual PC/mobile VR strategy and enter mobile AR, but would need to grow its core phone market share to scale. Intel’s Project Alloy all-in-one VR headsets look set to shake up the VR Specialist market when they launch later in the year. Related posts: Streaming behind $21bn mobile music market in 2021 Mobile integration key to 57m smart STB market CCS: Mobile phone market has peaked Strong mobile ad-spend growth in 2015 Mobile ops share of content market drops You must be logged in to post a comment Login LATEST NEWS Apple planning original content iPlayer sees best ever week and month Broadcasting is 49.5% of Italy’s media sector China Digital sale moves forward AT&T chief meets Trump ABS sale to China “highly unlikely” Operation Creative tackles digital piracy Johnson given UK IP brief Hathway spins off cable TV Mobile AR to drive $108bn VR/AR market by 2021 Search Archive Select a Month Click to Select January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 March 2009 February 2009 January 2009 December 2008 November 2008 October 2008 September 2008 August 2008 July 2008 June 2008 May 2008 April 2008 March 2008 February 2008 January 2008 December 2007 November 2007 October 2007 September 2007 August 2007 0 Select a Category Click to Select Articles Broadband    Cable    Equipment    FTTH    ISP    Satellite    Telco    Test & Monitor Broadcast    Advertising       Ads       Targetted    Digital Radio    DSO    DTH/Satellite    DTT/DSO    FTA    Pay TV    Services    VOD       Catch Up       Premium Business    Funding    IPO    Joint Venture    M&A    People    Regulation       Policy       Spectrum       Standards    Results Content    app    CA/DRM    CDNs    Games    Piracy    Production    Rights    UGC    VR    Work flow Events Guest Blog    Inside Satellite    Off Message    Third Party Headline In Home    Home Network    PVR    STB Magazines    EuroMedia    IPTV Mobile    APPS    Companion devices    MNO    Mobile TV    Portable Media OTT    Connected TV    HbbTV    IPTV    Middleware       IPG       Search/Recommendation    OTT    UGC Photo Press Releases Research    Consumer Behaviour    Equipment    Markets Research Library    Research TV Channel Social Media UHD    Equipment    Production    Ultra-HD/4K Video White Papers Search by Keyword Broadband Broadcast Business Content In Home Mobile OTT Research Social Media UHD White Papers Shop Advertise Events Library Press Releases Newsletter Register About Us Copyright Advanced Television Ltd © 2001–2017 Maintained by Elrond Limited Advanced Television Cookies Policy Our Website uses cookies to improve your experience. Please visit our Privacy Policy page for more information about cookies and how we use them. Close
clock menu more-arrow Log In or Sign Up Log In Sign Up Tech Science Culture Cars Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker Forums TL;DR more Tech Apple Google Microsoft Apps Photography Virtual Reality All Tech Science Space Energy Health Environment All Science Culture Web TV Film Games Comics Music All Culture Cars Ride-Sharing Cars Mass Transit Aviation Rideables All Transportation Reviews Phones Laptops Cameras Tablets Headphones Smartwatches VR Headsets This is my Next All Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker Forums TL;DR ✕ Transportation Uber Cars The most important car companies of 2017 New, 22 comments The Verge staff pick the ones to watch by Verge Staff Jan 13, 2017, 9:57am EST share tweet Linkedin Photo by Vjeran Pavic / The Verge In the first two weeks of 2017 The Verge has seen 145 displays of automotive-related technology at CES and over 750 show cars up close at the North American International Auto Show. As the dust settles on the two most important auto industry trade shows, we see clear standouts in the competitive race to connectivity, battery powers, and ultimately, the autonomous cars that will drive our future. General Motors A decade ago, General Motors was a symbol for all things ancient in autos. But in 2017, General Motors is poised to be a leader in advancing automotive technology. GM is putting its money in more than marketing the lipservice to move toward progress. Last year GM made a $500 million investment in Lyft, launched its car-sharing service Maven, and sold the first mass-market EV, the Chevy Bolt, to customers. The Detroit automaker has come a long way since it killed the EV1, its first electric car. GM has said it’s well on its way to showing its autonomous vehicle strategy, and while they haven’t revealed specifics on their technical approach, they seem to putting the pieces in place to roll out self-driving cars in viable ways. Under CEO Mary Barra’s leadership, GM is making a conscious effort to diversify its talent pool, which means that it is building a workforce that’s representative of its customer base from the top down, which bodes well for making better decisions in the future. —Tamara Warren Photo by Sean O’Kane / The Verge Waymo The most important car company at the North American International Auto Show doesn’t even make its own cars. Waymo, the self-driving startup spun off from Google late last year, debuted its autonomous Chrysler Pacifica minivan at the very beginning of the show. It was a less-than-subtle nod toward the disruptive effects of Silicon Valley on the auto industry over the past few years — and a sign of the outsized role tech companies will play in this space in the years to come. All the big car companies had self-driving cars to show off: Ford, Hyundai, Volvo. But when it comes to technology and data, Google still leads the pack. The search giant’s autonomous cars have traveled 2.5 million miles on public roads, and over a billion in simulation. And its business plan seems more clear cut: by spinning off Waymo, Google abandoned its previous plans to make its own cars. Instead it will cut deals with auto companies like Chrysler and Honda to buy fleets of vehicles in which it can integrate its self-driving tech. The car companies want to sell cars. It’s how they make money. Google can sell transportation, and that seems worth so much more. —Andy Hawkins Photo by The Verge Nvidia It’s easy to fall asleep on Nvidia’s importance to the car industry (especially if you’re watching one of its famously interminable keynote presentations), but you shouldn’t. The company might be best known for making graphics chips for gaming PCs, but for the past few years it’s been touting its abilities to power the brains inside self-driving cars. Nvidia is particularly well-positioned to provide the silicon behind autonomous vehicles — the AI and processing needed for it are directly in its wheelhouse. Autonomous driving requires a lot of machine learning, and Nvidia has already proven it can teach a car self-driving tasks in as little as four days. Deals with companies ranging from Audi to ZF are already inked, and many more are sure to come. Nvidia’s logo may never be the ornament on the front of your car grille, but it has a great shot at being under the hood. —Dieter Bohn Photo by Sean O’Kane / The Verge Volvo While numerous car companies are testing their self-driving cars in controlled environments with engineers on board, Volvo is about to hand over the keys to 100 autonomous XC90s to normal people. These will be the first privately owned (or leased, technically), fully autonomous vehicles. The XC90s will be able to drive on certain highways with zero interaction from the driver. They’ll be able to change lanes and manage any situation they’ll run into. Volvo is investing heavily in self-driving systems, because of its long-held obsession with safety and the belief that an autonomous car will eventually be able to drive more safely than a human. The Swedish firm (owned by Chinese carmaker Geely) has a partnership with Uber to provide its XC90 SUV as an autonomous testing platform. It also has a joint venture called Zenuity with Swedish automotive supplier Autoliv, as part of a strategy to sell its autonomous technology to other automakers. I don’t know who will win the race to sell a self-driving car to the public, but right now, Volvo appears solidly in the lead. —Jordan Golson Photo by Max Jeffrey / The Verge Uber Uber might not be a car company in the traditional sense, but the five-year-old ride hailing service has become a major transportation option in big cities around the world. But the company has grown so large that smaller cities and municipalities are now considering integrating Uber into their public transportation plans. In some cases, that’s already happening. Uber has the chance, and the choice, to support or cannibalize public transportation infrastructure. Affording citizens more options for getting around is a good thing in theory, but Uber is a private company with private interests, something that’s at odds with the way we demand and receive transparency from governments. How the Silicon Valley startup balances these issues in 2017 will be as important for its success going forward as it will be for the people who use the services it provides. Uber has shown it can provide a good service to the public, now it has to prove that good isn’t just a side effect of the company’s rapid growth. —Sean O’Kane Tesla Gigafactory Photo by Jordan Golson / The Verge Tesla Tesla is without a doubt the most important company in the car scene right now — it popularized the electric vehicle. Not only is its product the benchmark in the electronic auto industry, Tesla’s Gigafactory runs off solar power and is a net-zero facility. Tesla is the leader in production of semi-autonomous cars — and, by the way, the cars are fast and beautiful. Tesla also has the ability to make affordable electric cars. New features can come in the form of a software update, and Tesla is backed by a real-life Tony Stark. Tesla is so cool, it’s not even here, and it’s still on everyone’s mind: you can take power from the sun and drive your car with it. What?! —Tyler Pina In this Storystream Detroit Auto Show 2017: the biggest cars, concepts, and news The 2017 Detroit Auto Show in pictures The most important car companies of 2017 The worst and weirdest cars at the Detroit Auto Show View all 13 stories Next Up In Transportation Google takes another step towards launching its own self-driving Uber-killer with new patent The 2017 Detroit Auto Show in pictures This disassembled Aston Martin DB11 engine is engineering pornography Tesla’s latest Autopilot update rolls back its speed cap on undivided roads Why carmakers want to keep Apple and Google at arm's length Fiat Chrysler reportedly facing US criminal probe in emission scandal Now Trending Apple removes app that let you find your AirPods Rogue One's reshoots show how Disney saved the first standalone Star Wars movie This disassembled Aston Martin DB11 engine is engineering pornography The bizarro big business of Mark Wahlberg and national tragedy DirecTV Now appears to be a complete mess This Article has a component height of 38. The sidebar size is long. Loading comments... The Latest Tech Amazon Amazon is seeking FCC permission to conduct wireless technology tests by Andrew Liptak@AndrewLiptak Last week, Amazon.com filed an application with the Federal Communications Commission, seeking permission to run experiments on a number of frequency bands that might have some connection to the company’s work with delivery drones. The... New, 0 comments Entertainment Film Star Wars Rogue One's reshoots show how Disney saved the first standalone Star Wars movie by Andrew Liptak@AndrewLiptak Now that Rogue One: A Star Wars Story has been out in theaters for a month, the veil of secrecy has been lifted and we’ve learned quite a lot about about how the film came together. This is pretty typical for most movies, save for the fact that R... New, 7 comments TL;DR Entertainment TV Jude Law had no idea what a meme was before The Young Pope by Kwame Opam@kwameopam Jude Law evidently isn’t a child of the internet. Despite playing the Church’s holiest supervillain in HBO’s The Young Pope, Law was unprepared for how easily the show could be turned into memes. In fact, he had no idea what memes were before the... New, 4 comments Google Tech Transportation Google takes another step towards launching its own self-driving Uber-killer with new patent by Andrew J . Hawkins@andyjayhawk Google has a lot of self-driving cars that have driven a lot of miles, but so far, no commercial use for them. But that could change if the Silicon Valley giant pursues its rumored plans of developing an autonomous ride-sharing network to compete... New, 2 comments Advice How to be human How to be human: it’s not you, it’s them — no, really by Leah Reich Leah Reich was one of the first internet advice columnists. Her column "Ask Leah" ran on IGN, where she gave advice to gamers for two and a half years. During the day, Leah is Slack’s user researcher, but her views here do not represent her... Business Entertainment Culture Ringling Brothers and Barnum & Bailey Circus will shut down in May 2017 by Andrew Liptak@AndrewLiptak A year after it announced that it would no longer use elephants in its performances, the Ringling Bros. and Barnum & Bailey Circus will hold its final performances in May of this year. The Cirus’s parent company, Feld Entertainment Inc, revealed... New, 1 comment Chorus Terms of Use Privacy Policy Communications Preferences Contact Tip Us Community Guidelines About Ethics Statement All Systems Operational Check out our status page for more details. Vox Media Advertise with us Jobs @ Vox Media © 2017 Vox Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved tweet share
Home > Google News > Google Updates > Google Mobile-First Index Not Launching Too Soon Google Mobile-First Index Not Launching Too Soon Jan 13, 2017 • 7:57 am | (2) by Barry Schwartz | Filed Under Google PageRank & Algorithm Updates Prev Story Next story Tweet Pin It   Prev Story Next Story In November 2016, Google began experimenting with the mobile-first index and since then, many SEOs and webmasters began thinking it is live - it is not. In fact, John Mueller thinks it might not be fully live until later this year. He said it is definitely not launching in a week or so but Google currently does not have a date for when it is going live. He said this at the 51 minute mark into this mornings hangout when Dawn asked him how soon until it is out. John said, "I don’t have any dates." He added, "I would guess, later this year sometime." I don’t have any dates. It is not going to be years. I would guess, later this year sometime. But we will inform people as we get closer, as we have a date, so there is sufficient time for people to resolve issues that they might need to resolve. We will try to also inform sites where we recognize issues. Such as maybe your mobile version doesn’t have all the same content and markup that your desktop version has. And we will try to let you know of that through Search Console as well. So that you are kind of aware of these issues. I don’t know about Q1 but it is differently not like next week where we will be switching it on. Here is the video embed so you can watch it yourself: So no need to panic yet - we should have plenty of warning from Google before it goes live. Forum discussion at YouTube. Previous story: Google Jump To Links In Mobile Search Snippets   blog comments powered by Disqus The pulse of the search community Subscribe Subscribe options ADVERTISERS Search buzz Video 12/30/2016 08:49 am Subscribe More videos Video Details Browse by: Browse by Date Find by Category Discover by Author Scan Most Recent See Comments View Tag Cloud SEM FORUM THREADS WebmasterWorld Forums Opera Shows off Experimental Browser, "Neon" Google Updates and SERP Changes - January 2017 Digital Point Forums Logo for fitness training company ($75) Earn More Profits from Your Traffic - Send Phone Calls to Our Multilingual Call Centers! Sponsored links Best SEO Company Link Penalty Recovery £200 includes locating & contacting   Submit a Thread Forum Search Awards About Us Seals Advertise Contact Google Google Updates Google News Google SEO AdSense AdWords Misc Google Google Maps Bing Bing SEO Bing Ads ContentAds Yahoo Yahoo SEO Yahoo Search Ads Yahoo Publisher Network Yahoo News Other Yahoo Overture SEO Sitemaps Spiders Informational Sites SEO SEO Copywriting Keyword Research Link Building Dynamic Site SEO Cloaking Local SEO Other Search Topics Search News SEO Tools Spam Forum News SEM Companies Web Promotion SEO Interviews Search Technology Search Theory SEM Organizations SEO Books Legal Search Issues Affiliate Marketing Social Search More... Logos Other Search Engines SEO Conferences PPC Engines Web Directories Ask.com Photos Shopping Search Multilingual Search Search Pulse Search Video Recaps Digg Digest Search Forum Recap Misc Submit a Thread Forum Search Awards About Us Seals Advertise Contact Mobile Site The content at the Search Engine Roundtable are the sole opinion of the authors and in no way reflect views of RustyBrick ®, Inc Copyright © 1994-2017 RustyBrick ®, Inc. Web Development All Rights Reserved. This work by Search Engine Roundtable is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 United States License. Creative Commons License
Home > Miscellaneous > Web Analytics > Google Home Traffic Marked As Direct Traffic By Google Analytics Google Home Traffic Marked As Direct Traffic By Google Analytics Jan 13, 2017 • 8:18 am | (9) by Barry Schwartz | Filed Under Web Analytics - Tracking & Conversion Measurements Prev Story Next story Tweet Pin It   Prev Story Next Story As many of you know, when you ask your Google Home a query and it responds, it puts the answer box into your Google Home app under the "related to your activity" cards section. From there, you can click from the Google Home app card and see the web page Google was referencing in the voice response you got on Google Home. Max Prin posted on Twitter that those clicks are tracked in Google Analytics as direct traffic and not search/organic traffic. Here is a screen shot he shared showing this to be the case: I guess it is an easy change for Google Analytics to make but I'd assume this should be search traffic, not direct traffic - right? Forum discussion at Twitter. Previous story: Google Mobile-First Index Not Launching Too Soon   blog comments powered by Disqus The pulse of the search community Subscribe Subscribe options ADVERTISERS Search buzz Video 12/30/2016 08:49 am Subscribe More videos Video Details Browse by: Browse by Date Find by Category Discover by Author Scan Most Recent See Comments View Tag Cloud SEM FORUM THREADS WebmasterWorld Forums Opera Shows off Experimental Browser, "Neon" Google Updates and SERP Changes - January 2017 Digital Point Forums Logo for fitness training company ($75) Earn More Profits from Your Traffic - Send Phone Calls to Our Multilingual Call Centers! Sponsored links Best SEO Company Link Penalty Recovery £200 includes locating & contacting   Submit a Thread Forum Search Awards About Us Seals Advertise Contact Google Google Updates Google News Google SEO AdSense AdWords Misc Google Google Maps Bing Bing SEO Bing Ads ContentAds Yahoo Yahoo SEO Yahoo Search Ads Yahoo Publisher Network Yahoo News Other Yahoo Overture SEO Sitemaps Spiders Informational Sites SEO SEO Copywriting Keyword Research Link Building Dynamic Site SEO Cloaking Local SEO Other Search Topics Search News SEO Tools Spam Forum News SEM Companies Web Promotion SEO Interviews Search Technology Search Theory SEM Organizations SEO Books Legal Search Issues Affiliate Marketing Social Search More... Logos Other Search Engines SEO Conferences PPC Engines Web Directories Ask.com Photos Shopping Search Multilingual Search Search Pulse Search Video Recaps Digg Digest Search Forum Recap Misc Submit a Thread Forum Search Awards About Us Seals Advertise Contact Mobile Site The content at the Search Engine Roundtable are the sole opinion of the authors and in no way reflect views of RustyBrick ®, Inc Copyright © 1994-2017 RustyBrick ®, Inc. Web Development All Rights Reserved. This work by Search Engine Roundtable is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 United States License. Creative Commons License
Home > Google News > Google Jump To Links In Mobile Search Snippets Google Jump To Links In Mobile Search Snippets Jan 13, 2017 • 7:46 am | (5) by Barry Schwartz | Filed Under Google Search Engine Prev Story Next story Tweet Pin It   Prev Story Next Story Google has had links within their search snippets for years, I think it dates back almost ten years. I just can't find the blog posts where I covered it back then right now. I don't believe I have ever seen these "jump to" links in the Google mobile search results snippets before. Someone shared a screen shot on Twitter of Google doing just that. You can see in the snippet a "jump to" and then a blue hyperlink in the snippet portion of the search results listing. Here is the screen shot: Do you often see these? I believe they are rare both on desktop and mobile. Forum discussion at Twitter. Previous story: Google Intrusive Interstitials Mobile Penalty Does Hurt   blog comments powered by Disqus The pulse of the search community Subscribe Subscribe options ADVERTISERS Search buzz Video 12/30/2016 08:49 am Subscribe More videos Video Details Browse by: Browse by Date Find by Category Discover by Author Scan Most Recent See Comments View Tag Cloud SEM FORUM THREADS WebmasterWorld Forums Opera Shows off Experimental Browser, "Neon" Google Updates and SERP Changes - January 2017 Digital Point Forums Logo for fitness training company ($75) Earn More Profits from Your Traffic - Send Phone Calls to Our Multilingual Call Centers! Sponsored links Best SEO Company Link Penalty Recovery £200 includes locating & contacting   Submit a Thread Forum Search Awards About Us Seals Advertise Contact Google Google Updates Google News Google SEO AdSense AdWords Misc Google Google Maps Bing Bing SEO Bing Ads ContentAds Yahoo Yahoo SEO Yahoo Search Ads Yahoo Publisher Network Yahoo News Other Yahoo Overture SEO Sitemaps Spiders Informational Sites SEO SEO Copywriting Keyword Research Link Building Dynamic Site SEO Cloaking Local SEO Other Search Topics Search News SEO Tools Spam Forum News SEM Companies Web Promotion SEO Interviews Search Technology Search Theory SEM Organizations SEO Books Legal Search Issues Affiliate Marketing Social Search More... Logos Other Search Engines SEO Conferences PPC Engines Web Directories Ask.com Photos Shopping Search Multilingual Search Search Pulse Search Video Recaps Digg Digest Search Forum Recap Misc Submit a Thread Forum Search Awards About Us Seals Advertise Contact Mobile Site The content at the Search Engine Roundtable are the sole opinion of the authors and in no way reflect views of RustyBrick ®, Inc Copyright © 1994-2017 RustyBrick ®, Inc. Web Development All Rights Reserved. This work by Search Engine Roundtable is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 United States License. Creative Commons License
News Deals Cell Phone Plans Apps & Games Reviews The Best Forums more Giveaways Features How To Android Development About Contact Advertise Newsletter VRSource SoundGuys TabTimes Charged Trending Pixel XL OnePlus 3T Huawei Mate 9 Honor Magic Galaxy S7 edge Hey there, We have a new app! The best way to stay connected to the Android pulse everywhere. Our new app contains all the top Android news, reviews, app & games and the best deals just for you. Now with Disqus profile integration. Get it on Android Authority newsletter The best way to stay connected to the Android pulse. Our main newsletter is the Android Weekly which is sent every Sunday and contains all the top Android news, reviews and features from the past week. The best way to stay connected to the Android pulse. Android Weekly Breaking News Alerts Trending Articles Review Alerts Deals Alerts View previous campaigns 100% Privacy, No Spam Policy: We value privacy and your email address will be 100% secure. We hate spam just like you do and will never send you too much email, nor will we ever share your information with anyone. Buy now! Name: Subject: Message: Google’s new compression method will save you data, starting with Google+ Newsby Mitja Rutnik2 days ago 11 889 20 Back in November, Google introduced a new technology called RAISR (Rapid and Accurate Super Image Resolution). The company says that RAISR uses machine learning to produce quality versions of low-resolution images on your device. The whole purpose of the new technology is to improve the quality of images posted online without using a lot of bandwidth at the same time. Google has been testing the feature and states that it was able to use up to 75 percent less bandwidth per image with the help of RAISR, which is quite impressive. See also: Google Maps adds Uber integration and a new UI for ride options 3 days ago Google has already started rolling out the new tech to its products. It is currently only available on Google+, the social network where photographers and others share their images with the world. It makes sense that Google+ is the first to get it, but we do expect that the company will also implement it into some of its other apps in the next months. Features like these are quite important for users as they lead to faster loading speeds and help reduce data usage. We hope to see them not only in Google’s apps and services but in those by other developers as well in the future. News Google Google  Google Mitja Rutnik Deals 88% Unblock All: Lifetime Subscription $313 $39 88% PureVPN: Lifetime Subscription $597 $69 80% Brain.fm: Lifetime Subscription $199.99 $39 Pay What You Want: Learn to Code 2017 Bundle $1,573.00 $35 Show 11 comments The Best   Best Android phones androidauthority   Best Fitness Trackers androidauthority   Best Android Watches androidauthority   Best Bluetooth Speaker soundguys   Best Wireless Bluetooth Earbuds soundguys   Best Headphones of 2016 soundguys Sunday Giveaway   Google Pixel XL International Giveaway! 7 hours ago23 comments Subscribe to Our Weekly Newsletter SUBSCRIBE The field is required Please enter a valid email address Latest News   Moto Z and Moto Z Droid Android 7.0 kernel source code ready for tinkering 1 hour ago   LG G6 promised to be safer from explosions and overheating 4 hours ago   Which Fitbit is right for you? (January 2017) 6 hours ago   Must read: top 10 Android stories 7 hours ago   Google Pixel XL International Giveaway! 7 hours ago Latest Reviews   HTC announces the mid-range HTC U Play 4 days ago   HTC U Ultra hands-on: a major change for HTC 4 days ago 7.8  HTC Bolt review: the better data speed might not be worth it 5 days ago Android Authority APP Get it on About Contact Advertise Newsletter Your source for all things Android! About Contact Advertise Newsletter © 2017 Android Authority | All Rights Reserved.
This web site uses cookies to improve your experience. By viewing our content, you are accepting the use of cookies. To find out more and change your cookie settings, please view our cookie policy. Edition: Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan Go Videos Smart City Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security Data Centers more Apple Mobility CES 2017 IoT Enterprise Software Hardware See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Newsletters All Writers Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out Go Menu Videos Smart City Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security Data Centers Apple Mobility CES 2017 IoT Enterprise Software Hardware See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out us Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan How to use Google two-factor authentication If you use Google services, and you don't want anyone raiding or wrecking your account and services--not to mention your life--Google two-step verification security is for you. By Steven J. Vaughan-Nichols for Networking | January 13, 2017 -- 03:49 GMT (19:49 PST) | Topic: Security Do you really think security is too much trouble? That no one is ever going to bother with your accounts? Ask former Gizmodo employee Mat Honan if he feels that way after his accounts and devices were wiped clean . That could have been you, and it could have been worse. There are several ways to try to protect your online accounts and one of the more important of these is two-factor authentication. Two-factor authentication is ancient IT technology. If you've ever worked in a shop that required you both to show an ID card and enter a pin to go through a door, you've used it. As the name suggests it requires you to both show you know something, typically a password, and have a unique item that identifies you. On the Web, two-factor authentication typically requires you have both a password and a phone with its unique number, which can be used as the item. Since Google played a role in the Honan case and almost everyone uses some Google service or the other--and Apple doesn't support two-factor authentication --let's go over how to turn on Google's version of two-factor authentication: two-step verification. Before jumping in that though here are some other basics. First, don't use passwords, use passphrases. "Always color outside the lines!" is both much easier to remember and far harder to break than say "Tr)ub4DORm1." Second, use different passphrases for each of your accounts. These days, as in both the Honan situation and the recent Dropbox breach , a major reason things went bad was that one password was used for multiple accounts. If you use a different passphrase for each account, you limit your damage to that one service. And, if you have trouble remembering all those passphrases--as we all do--I suggest you invest in a password management program. I use, and like, LastPass myself. I have many tech. savvy friends, however, who swear by 1Password. Got all that? Good. What Google two-step verification adds to your security blanket is to get access to your Google account and all its services is that to break in a cracker needs not only your password but your phone as well. To use Google 2 step verification, you'll need your phone as well as your PC. Here's how to set Google's two-step verification up. The first thing you'll need is a phone that will accept anonymous SMS (aka text) messages or voice calls. You're going to need that because Google uses your unique phone and its number as its second factor. Google recommends that you use a mobile phone number as opposed to a landline or Google Voice number.You can use either, but I suggest you don't use a Google Voice number since that could trap you in a situation where you couldn't easily access any of your Google services Next, you need to sign-in to your Google account and head to the two-step verification settings page. Once there, you'll need to choose "Using 2-step verification" from the menu. From here, you'll enter the country your phone is registered I and enter your phone number. You can also choose whether to get your verification code by voice or SMS on your phone. In a matter of seconds, you'll get a call with your verification number. You then enter this code into the data entry box provided by your Web browser. Your computer will then ask you if you want it to remember the computer you're using. If you answer, "yes" that computer will be authorized for use for 30-days. Finally, you turn on 2-step verification and you're done. Well, not really. You see, you're not really authorizing your computer,as you might think from the instructions, you're authorizing the use of a particular Web browser on that computer with 2-step verification. If, like me, you run more than one browser you'll need to go through this process with every browser. You'll also need to go through it with every computer you use. Since on an average day I use half-a-dozen different computers that adds up to a lot of time for the initial setup. Also, while most Google services work with 2-step authenticaiton, not all of them do. Services that don't support the 2-step authentication dance include: POP and IMAP email clients such as Outlook, Mail and Thunderbird Gmail and Google Calendar on smartphones ActiveSync for Windows Mobile and iPhone YouTube Mobile on Apple devices Cloud Print IM clients for Google Talk and Adium 3D Warehouse, Sketchup, and installed applications AdWords Editor Sync for Google Chrome Gmail Notifier So, if like me, you use a smartphone and clients for email and IM, you'll also need to set up application specific passwords. This will not, can not, be the same as your master Google password. Google, not you, generates your application specific passwords. You'll get these application specific passwords by first giving it a name, such as e-mail, Android, and so on, and then Google will automatically generate a password for you. You then enter this new password in for the application and your application will be good to go. There are also a handful of applications, such as Google TV Gallery, that don't work with any version of 2-step verification. From this same page you can also see all the services you've authorized to use your Google ID as your identification. So long as you're cleaning up your security act anyway, you might as well go through the list and Revoke Access to any service you're no longer using. Let's say though that you don't have your phone, or you're somewhere without a signal when your laptop's 30-days of grace are up. No problem. Google gives you two answers. The first is to download the Google Authenticator app for Android, Apple and Blackberry tablets and smartphones. With this you can generate a PC/browser password. You can also create a batch of ten backup codes, which you can use to authorize a computer. Is this perfect? No. There's no such thing as perfect security. A man in the middle attack can still grab your password and your authentication number. And, a good old fashioned people hack led to CloudFlare CEO's losing control of his Google account even with two-factor authentication . Even so, if you don't want your personal security disaster you should follow all these suggestions. Yes, setting Google, or any other two-factor authentication, up can be a pain but you'll be far safer with it than without it. Related Stories: Black cloud looms over Apple online service after high-profile hack How Apple let a hacker remotely wipe an iPhone, iPad, MacBook Is two-factor authentication Dropbox's security answer? You're not in control of your own security Google's two-factor sign-in: Use it Join Discussion Powered by Livefyre Add your Comment Related Stories Security If vendors cannot keep a phone updated, why trust them with your household items? Windows Microsoft details tweaks to its Windows 7, 8.1 patch rollups Security Why you need MFA now: Gmail phishing scheme prepends URL with working script data Security Plug car security holes before self-driving vehicles arrive, industry warned × Thank You Please review our terms of service to complete your newsletter subscription I agree to the Terms of Use, Privacy Policy and Video Services Policy. I understand I will receive a complimentary subscription to TechRepublic's News and Special Offers newsletter, and the Daily Digest newsletter (you can opt out at any time). ACCEPT & CLOSE Newsletters You have been successfully signed up. To sign up for more newsletters or to manage your account, visit the Newsletter Subscription Center. See All See All ZDNet Connect with us © 2017 CBS Interactive. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | Cookies | Ad Choice | Advertise | Terms of Use | Mobile User Agreement Visit other CBS Interactive sites: Select SiteCBS CaresCBS FilmsCBS RadioCBS.comCBSInteractiveCBSNews.comCBSSports.comChowhoundCNETCollege NetworksGameSpotLast.fmMaxPrepsMetacritic.comMoneywatchmySimonRadio.comSearch.comShopper.comShowtimeTechRepublicThe InsiderTV.comUrbanBaby.comZDNet Topics All Authors Galleries Videos About ZDNet Meet The Team Site Map RSS Feeds Reprint Policy Manage | Log Out Log In to ZDNET | Join ZDNet Membership Newsletters Site Assistance
Sections SEO SEM Mobile Local Retail Google Bing Social Home Submit Follow Us Follow SEO SEM Mobile Local Retail Google Bing Social More Submit Follow SUBSCRIBE Subscribe Search Engine Land Pop-up Problems? Google has rolled out the mobile intrusive interstitials penalty Mobile ads Google to launch automated call extensions on Feb. 6 Subscribe to SearchCap SUBSCRIBE SEO SEM Mobile Local Retail Google Bing Social Home Industry Get the best search news, tips and resources, delivered each day. SUBSCRIBE Search in Pics: Google Bollywood car, orange tree & indoor bike parking Barry Schwartz on January 13, 2017 at 8:37 am More In this week’s Search In Pictures, here are the latest images culled from the web, showing what people eat at the search engine companies, how they play, who they meet, where they speak, what toys they have and more. Google Bollywood car: Source: Twitter Indoor orange picking at Google: Source: Instagram Circular ping pong table at Google: Source: Instagram Indoor bike parking: Source: Google+ Google cloth shop bag: Source: Instagram About The Author Barry Schwartz Barry Schwartz is Search Engine Land's News Editor and owns RustyBrick, a NY based web consulting firm. He also runs Search Engine Roundtable, a popular search blog on very advanced SEM topics. Barry can be followed on social media at @rustybrick, +BarrySchwartz and Facebook. For more background information on Barry, see his full bio and disclosures, click over here. Sponsored We're listening. Have something to say about this article? Share it with us on Facebook, Twitter or our LinkedIn Group. Attend Our Conferences March 21-23, 2017: SMX West June 2017: SMX Advanced October 24-26, 2017: SMX East × Attend SMX - Click Here Learn More About Our SMX Events Gain new strategies and insights at the intersection of marketing, technology, and management. Our next conference will be held: May 9-11, 2017: MarTech San Francisco October 2-4, 2017: MarTech Boston × Attend MarTech - Click Here Learn More About Our MarTech Events Take the MarTech Quiz Think you know martech? Find out by taking this 3-minute quiz. See how you score and share it with friends! Let's Get Started White Papers Benchmark Report: 2017 State of Customer Marketing How SEO + UX Can Thrive Together Social Media ROI Template How an Insight Community Creates More Effective Brand Marketing How to Keep Your Customers From Cheating on You See More Whitepapers Webcasts 5 Disruptions Reshaping Marketing As We Know It Integrated Marketing Analytics: Creating a single source of data truth Video Marketing 2017: What You Need to Know See More Webcasts Research Reports Content Marketing Tools B2B Predictive Marketing Analytics Platforms Social Media Management Software Call Analytics Platforms Paid Media Campaign Management Platforms B2B Marketing Automation Platforms See More Research The Periodic Table of Seo Success Sign up for our daily newsletter. SUBSCRIBE Follow Us © 2017 Third Door Media, Inc. All rights reserved.
About Future Staff Contact Privacy Policy Search for: Select Press Releases Home / Press Releases / Asia telecom and tech leaders meet in Singapore to discuss M&A and investment opportunities Asia telecom and tech leaders meet in Singapore to discuss M&A and investment opportunities Posted on January 13, 2017 by Benzinga Full Feed in Press Releases Conceptual image of a businessman holding big hammer Asia telecom, media and technology leaders from Axiata, Telstra, Telenor, Google, Alibaba, Grab, Go-Jek, Rocket Internet, Level 3, Times Internet, Bukalapak, Mediacorp and Baofeng are meeting at TMT Finance Asia 2017 in Singapore to discuss rapidly changing landscape in technology and assess M&A and investment opportunities. (PRWEB UK) 13 January 2017 Investment leaders from leading international telecom, media and technology companies including Axiata Group, Telstra, Telenor, Google, Alibaba, Grab, Go-Jek, Rocket Internet, Level 3, Times Internet, Bukalapak, Mediacorp and Baofeng are meeting at TMT Finance Asia 2017 in Singapore (http://www.tmtfinance.com/asia/) to discuss the rapidly changing landscape in technology across Asia and assess the M&A and investment opportunities within the region and globally. Setting the scene for the day is the opening TMT Leadership Panel and the TMT M&A Panel which include strategy and finance heads from four of the region’s largest telecom operators: Axiata Group, Telstra, Telkom and Indosat, plus the president of billion dollar plus valued Grab, which is Asia’s answer to Uber. Elsewhere on the programme, some of Asia’s top technology companies are represented, including on the Digital Asia Panel which concludes the day and hosts leaders from Bukalapak, Rocket Internet, iCar, Grab and Google. Meanwhile the Digital Innovation breakout session includes top leaders from digital group Go-Jek and artificial intelligence companies Taiger and ViSenze. This year’s programme has also been expanded to include new panel debates and breakout sessions on areas such as Virtual and Augmented Reality, Fintech, Data centres, IoT, eCommerce and Artificial Intelligence, with top speakers representing Asia’s flourishing tech and digital sector. On the FinTech session, CEOs from PayMaya, FINTQnologies, TransferTo, Smartkarma and Dragonfly Fintech will debate the latest opportunities for growth, while companies such as Nuren Group, Carousell and eatigo will debate Asia’s eCommerce sector. Asia’s top dealmakers, financiers and advisers will also be represented on the programme by companies including ING, DLA Piper, JP Morgan, Linklaters, Deutsche Bank, BNP Paribas, Hardiman Telecommunications, ANZ, Natixis and Credit Agricole. The event, now in its eighth year, takes places at the Marina Bay Sands Hotel in Singapore, and will gather 200 delegates and 70 speakers from the most active telecom, media and technology companies, investors and advisers in Asia. To secure your place go to http://www.tmtfinance.com/asia/register/ For more information go to http://www.tmtfinance.com/asia/contact For the original version on PRWeb visit: http://www.prweb.com/releases/2017/01/prweb13981808.htm Latest News Innovations, Historic Aviation Among Highlights of EAA AirVenture Oshkosh 2017 BOSS Accounting Outsourcing Specialists New Special Offer Rates Give Businesses Up to 71% Savings INVESTOR ALERT: Faruqi &amp; Faruqi, LLP Encourages Investors Who Suffered Losses in Excess of $100,000 Investing in TerraVia Holdings, Inc. to Contact the Firm Before Imminent Lead Plaintiff Deadline A Frogs Life TDSi Appoints New Distribution Channel Manager TM DEVELOPMENT JOINS STROKE CONTRARY TO STARVATION Certxpert.Com Offers EC-Council CEH Certification Exam at Affordable Price Go Live UK Announces the Successful Launch of the Redesigned Property Rescue Website My Design Station adds personal touch to wedding products. Latest Party Wear Gowns Collection by Mirraw © 2015 SSUChronicle. All rights reserved. Top Optimization WordPress Plugins & Solutions by W3 EDGE
facebook twitter pinterest facebook twitter pinterest All News  Mobile Phones Events Apple iPhone  BlackBerry Concept Phones Google Nexus  HTC  LG Microsoft Motorola  Nokia  Samsung  Sony  Phone Comparison  Accessories Mobile games Apps Android OS Apps iOS Apps BlackBerry Apps Windows Phone Apps Other Apps Software  Android OS  BlackBerry OS  iOS Windows OS  Other Software Tablet Video Hands-On Reviews  Phone Comparison Others Skip to content Homepage Apps Android OS Apps Toontastic 3D app brings interactive storytelling to Android Toontastic 3D app brings interactive storytelling to Android Categories Android OS AppsAuthor by Adam January 12, 2017 899 0 Google has far more apps than most folks realize, and new ones creep into the Play Store regularly. This week it’s the Toontastic 3D app, which is a great way to let your kids get creative in a family friendly way. The Toontastic 3D app allows kids (or adults) to create their own 3D stories with a few simple steps. You may expect some half-cocked solution, but as it is from Google, it’s very solid and simple to use. You can choose from short stories with fewer parts or longer tales with up to five steps. The app actually walks them through the process of setting things up through the fables resolution so they can get a jump on that screenwriting or directing career as well. You’ll appreciate that when retirement age comes around. If you think that the Toontastic app sounds a little daunting, the steps have a brief animated explanation or you can lean on the Idea Lab. You can also “draw your own” backdrops if you don’t like the ones included although it’s tough to beat a 3D Atlantis or a Steampunk ship in the sky. The controls are drag and drop, and there is a wide variety of settings you can tweak before staring your show. While we didn’t dig too far into the features of the Toontastic 3D app, there is more than enough content to keep you or your child entertained for ages. You can choose background tracks from a library or record your own audio and share the adventures with your family and friends when your masterpiece is complete. It’s also the type of app that will be easy for Google to add extra content, so expect that to happen if this one proves popular. The Toontastic 3D app is billed as a storytelling tool, and after spending some time with it, we wholeheartedly agree. If your child has dreamed of putting together their own little production, the app will take care of the legwork. Needless to say, it’s fun for the big kids as well so you’ll want to check this one out. The Toontastic 3D app is available to download for free from the link below. Tags androidappsgoogleToontastic 3D app Share on Facebook Tweet on Twitter Add to Google+ Add to Pinterest Post navigation Previous article Previous post: Samsung Galaxy S8 accessory leaks new design aspects Next article Next post: Huawei P8 Lite 2017 is official with 4GB of RAM and Fingerprint Scanner Adam Adam is a techie, who loves new gadgets and all things Westeros. Android is his OS of choice, and Pizza is his nemesis. LG G6 battery will feature Heat Pipe technology January 12, 2017 Lenovo K6 Note battery testing vs Moto G4 Plus and more January 12, 2017 ODI India vs England live score and video via top free apps January 12, 2017 Live Comment Your email address will not be published. Cancel Reply NAME* EMAIL* WEBSITE COMMENT Search Search for: Recommended posts ODI India vs England live score and video via top free apps UK Lenovo P2 and Huawei Mate 9 price news, now on sale LG G6 battery will feature Heat Pipe technology Lenovo K6 Note battery testing vs Moto G4 Plus and more Catspad Smart Feeder arrives to help Felines stay Healthy Huawei P8 Lite 2017 is official with 4GB of RAM and Fingerprint Scanner Official Australian Open Tennis 2017 app for Android and iOS goes live Wileyfox Swift 2X gets listed for £219 in the UK Samsung Galaxy J3 Emerge US listing, Sprint, Virgin, Boost Mobile, Best Buy Nokia 8 smartphone specs leak reveals 24MP camera Recent Comments Chris Jordan on Oukitel U7 Plus Review January 6, 2017 Govind Tiwari on Panasonic Eluga Mark 2 released as Flipkart exclusive for Rs. 10,499 December 26, 2016 XBURK on BlackBerry Mercury design leak shows an interesting approach December 24, 2016 Adam on Oukitel U15 Pro Review December 21, 2016 Jonas on Oukitel U15 Pro Review December 19, 2016 Featured Posts LG G6 battery will feature Heat Pipe technology January 15, 2017 Wileyfox Swift 2X gets listed for £219 in the UK January 15, 2017 Lenovo K6 Note battery testing vs Moto G4 Plus and more January 15, 2017 ODI India vs England live score and video via top free apps January 15, 2017 Catspad Smart Feeder arrives to help Felines stay Healthy January 14, 2017 About us Phonesreview.co.uk, obviously as the name suggests is a site dedicated around the news of the present day Mobile Phones. Handsets have gone through an entire reformation, from the old chunky mobile phones to new world of hybrid devices such as SmartPhones and PDAs. Phones Review reports about all the hottest announcements, launches and ongoing developments in the world of the portable electronic mobile devices. Recent posts LG G6 battery will feature Heat Pipe technology January 15 2017 Wileyfox Swift 2X gets listed for £219 in the UK January 15 2017 Lenovo K6 Note battery testing vs Moto G4 Plus and more January 15 2017 Tags android ANdroid 2.3 Gingerbread Android Ice Cream Sandwich Android Jelly Bean apple apple ipad Apple iPad 2 Apple iPhone App Store att BlackBerry Concept Phone games google Google Play htc HTC One india iOS iphone iPhone 3GS iPhone 4 iPhone 4S iPhone 5 iPhone 5S iPhone 6 iPhone Accessories itunes LG microsoft Motorola Nokia palm rim Samsung Samsung Galaxy Note 3 Samsung Galaxy S3 Samsung Galaxy S4 Samsung Galaxy S5 smartphone smartphones t-mobile updates verizon Windows Phone 7 Contact About Us Privacy Advertise Copyright 2016 · Phonesreview.Co.Uk
irishmirrorLoad mobile navigation News Latest News Irish News Crime Politics Education World News News OpinionExpand Sport Latest Sport Soccer GAA Golf Rugby Union UFC Other Sport Sport Opinion Fantasy FootballExpand Showbiz Lifestyle Weird News GAA Soccer Rugby Sign in My Account Sign Out facebook twitter Bingo Competitions Horoscopes Crosswords BuySell About Us Contact Us Corrections & Clarifications Google Survey Cookie Policy Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions How to Complain Mirror.co.uk BelfastLive.co.uk © 2016 MGN Limited Home News Irish News Google News Google could add 400 new jobs and become Dublin's largest private industrial employer The web giant are closing in on a new office building in the capital  Share ByBarry Arnold 08:18, 13 JAN 2017 News Google sign (Photo: Getty)  Share Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing!Could not subscribe, try again laterInvalid Email Google could be set to become the capital's largest private industrial employer amid new plans to create a further 400 jobs in the docklands . The web giant is closing on another new office building, with the planned positions bringing Google 's employment in Dublin to over 6,500 people. Sources close to Google said the company is in talks to rent the newly-constructed Velasco building, a 51,000 sq ft block close to the company's European headquarters in the Grand Canal region of Dublin 2. Read More Bus Eireann told to axe Expressway service but will have to pay huge severance payments to managers An agreement is not yet in place, but Google is the favourite to take over the property - which is still under construction - according to a source - reports RTE News. A spokeswoman for the company declined to comment on the potential expansion. We'll be bringing you the very latest updates, pictures and video on this breaking news story. Read More Today's top stories Homeless couple's baby tragedy Man critical after Wicklow assault Hunt for poachers who decapitated deer 'Love/Hate's gone & will NEVER be back' Like us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Daily Newsletter Follow @irishmirror Subscribe to our Daily newsletterEnter emailSubscribe More On Bus Eireann Google RTE Employment News all Most Read Most Recent NewsTeenager finally meets biological parents after 18 YEARS as it emerges 'kidnapper suffered miscarriage week before baby snatched' Alexis Manigo had no idea until Friday she was born as Kamiyah Mobley who was kidnapped at birth - as it emerges arrested mum Gloria Williams 'suffered miscarriage the week before' World NewsWWE's Jimmy Superfly Snuka dies just weeks after being ruled unfit to stand trial over 'girlfriend's murder' Snuka was living in hospice care and was told in late 2016 that he had just months to live Weird NewsThis is what happens to your penis when you sleep with boxers on Medics have presented a strong case for going commando An Garda SiochanaGardai reveal bird caused motorway crash that caused 3km tailbacks Cars ground to a halt as emergency services attended the scene RTEYoung homeless couple shares their grief on losing their unborn baby in new RTE documentary series Ciara and Colin were some of many caught up in the 2008 financial crash DogsPuppy swallows 14cm long spoon 'like spaghetti' and vets have to operate to remove it Labrador Theodore snatched the spoon from a worktop but luckily suffered no lasting effetcs An Garda SiochanaWoman in her 60's killed in collision with a car at Kilkenny The collision is believed to have occurred around 6pm PandasThis selfie-taking panda certainly knows how to grin and bear it An amazed tourist got this great set of snaps as she got up close and personal with a panda cub PunchestownLucky Punchestown punter places €6.30 bet and wins just over €23,000 But the customer missed his chance to win €80,000 U2U2 superfans have been queuing for tickets to their Croke Park gig for days Tickets don’t go on sale until 9am on Monday, but die-hard fans began camping out as early as Friday afternoon Most Read Most Recent NewsTeenager finally meets biological parents after 18 YEARS as it emerges 'kidnapper suffered miscarriage week before baby snatched' Alexis Manigo had no idea until Friday she was born as Kamiyah Mobley who was kidnapped at birth - as it emerges arrested mum Gloria Williams 'suffered miscarriage the week before' What's OnTerrifying Raw cannibal film trailer is so gruesome it's making people vomit and pass out WARNING: GRAPHIC CONTENT. Blood splattered Raw was so gory that some viewers had to be hospitalised after watching the grisly scenes ShowbizEamonn Holmes and Ruth Langsford share drunk video - after they open up about how often they have sex Our favourite couple shared a drunken video of them walking home - and it's really very sweet World NewsWWE's Jimmy Superfly Snuka dies just weeks after being ruled unfit to stand trial over 'girlfriend's murder' Snuka was living in hospice care and was told in late 2016 that he had just months to live Weird NewsThis is what happens to your penis when you sleep with boxers on Medics have presented a strong case for going commando Katy PerryKaty Perry debuts blonde hair at boyfriend Orlando Bloom's 40th birthday celebrations The pop babe threw a birthday bash for her man in Palm Springs over the weekend Manchester United FCJose Mourinho uses correct Paul Pogba handball call against Liverpool to complain about Man United penalty woes The Red Devils boss didn't dispute the call by Michael Oliver but still made his feelings known about how spot kicks have fallen for his side this season Meghan MarkleHalf-brother of Prince Harry's girlfriend Meghan Markle apologises and says he's seeking help after gun arrest Thomas Markle Jr, 50, has promised to get help for his drinking problem Quiz CrosswordsQuiz Crossword - 16th January 2017 You can check the solution for today's Quiz crossword by calling 0900 586 2571 (61p/min) RoI 1550 999 301 (€0.95/min) Straight CrosswordsClassic Crossword - 16th January 2017 You can check the solution for today's Classic Crossword by calling 0900 586 2570 (61p/min) RoI 1550 999 300 ( € 0.95/min) Top Stories An Garda SiochanaWoman in her 60's killed in collision with a car at Kilkenny The collision is believed to have occurred around 6pm HSEHSE chief says €9bn cash injection is needed to solve hospital crisis Director General Tony O'Brien admitted the health service model is "no longer fit for purpose" An Garda SiochanaTwo young men fighting for their lives after separate assaults in Offaly and Wicklow overnight Gardai are appealing for witnesses to both assaults World NewsDonald Trump slams Angela Merkel over "catastrophic" immigrant policy and says Brexit will be 'a great thing' The US president-elect harshly criticised the German chancellor for 'taking all of these illegals' U2U2 superfans have been queuing for tickets to their Croke Park gig for days Tickets don’t go on sale until 9am on Monday, but die-hard fans began camping out as early as Friday afternoon PunchestownLucky Punchestown punter places €6.30 bet and wins just over €23,000 But the customer missed his chance to win €80,000 RTEYoung homeless couple shares their grief on losing their unborn baby in new RTE documentary series Ciara and Colin were some of many caught up in the 2008 financial crash An Garda SiochanaHunt underway for cruel poachers who decapitated deer in Co Meath WARNING - GRAPHIC CONTENT: It is the latest incident in what Gardai are describing as "a spate of red deer poaching" in the area SoccerManchester United vs Liverpool live score and goal updates from the Premier League clash at Old Trafford Jose Mourinho and Jurgen Klopp lock horns again as the two old rivals meet at Old Trafford. Follow all the action as it happens Met EireannIrish weather: Forecasters predict temperatures will rise next week - but it may be short lived The mild spell is set to continue well into next week - but will it last? MayoElderly Irish woman killed in US The 81-year-old was found dead by a neighbour An Garda SiochanaGardai reveal bird caused motorway crash that caused 3km tailbacks Cars ground to a halt as emergency services attended the scene News Sport Lifestyle Follow us facebook twitter About Us Contact Us Corrections & Clarifications Google Survey Cookie Policy Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions How to Complain Mirror.co.uk BelfastLive.co.uk © 2016 MGN Limited This website uses cookies. Using this website means you are okay with this but you can find out more and learn how to manage your cookie choices here.Close cookie policy overlay
Technology & Business Gizmodo Kotaku Lifehacker Business Insider Lifestyle & Shopping POPSUGAR ShopStyle Who What Wear Byrdie MyDomaine Kin Community | Log in / Sign up Reviews Reviews Camera Reviews GoPro Hero5: The Gizmodo Review Canon PowerShot G7 X Mark II: Australian Review Impossible Project I-1 Polaroid Camera: The Gizmodo Review Leica's Waterproof X-U Camera: The Gizmodo Review Car Reviews 2016 Holden Astra: Australian Review Driving The Epic 2017 Nissan GT-R 2017 Ford Focus RS: Australian Review Tesla Model X: Australian Hands-On Phone Reviews Motorola Moto Z: Australian Review Battle Of The Cheap Smartphones: OnePlus 3T Vs LeEco Le Pro3 LG V20: Australian Review Sony Xperia XZ: Australian Review PC Reviews SCUF Infinity1 And Infinity4PS Pro Controllers: The Australian Review iKBC F87 Australian Review: No Frills, No Fuss Origin PC Chronos: Australian Review LG 27UD88 4K FreeSync Monitor: Australian Review Smartwatch Reviews Huawei Fit: The Gizmodo Review Apple Watch Nike+: Australian Review The Pebble 2 Is Now The Only Fitness Tracking Smartwatch You Need Fitbit Charge 2 Review: The Best Fitness Tracker, Period Gadgets Reviews DJI Mavic Pro 4K Drone Review: So Close To Terrific URB-E Electric Scooter: Australian Review This Folding Bike Has Built-In GPS To Track Your Rides This Handheld Scanner Was Supposed To Change My Life, But I've Never Been More Disappointed In A Gadget Gaming Reviews The Astro A50s Are Good Headphones With A Great Wireless Station Razer's eSports Gear Didn't Make Me Want To Play An eSports, But It Sure Is Nice Anyway Call of Duty: Infinite Warfare: Australian Review Sony PlayStation 4 Pro: The Gizmodo Review Entertainment Reviews In 2017 The TV Is Just A Fancy Arse Computer Display Review: The Assassin's Creed Movie Makes The Same Mistake The Games Do Apple AirPods Review: Too Simple For Their Own Good Google Chromecast Ultra: Australian Review The Astro A50s Are Good Headphones With A Great Wireless Station Apple MacBook Pro (2017): Australian Review In 2017 The TV Is Just A Fancy Arse Computer Display Review: The Assassin's Creed Movie Makes The Same Mistake The Games Do Gadgets How To Use Your Chromecast In A Hotel Room Study Finds E-Waste In Asia Has Increased At A Staggering Pace We'd Like This Life-Sized Version Of Lego Batman's Batmobile To Be An Official Set Immediately, Please The Pilot Who Crashed A Drone Into Seattle's Space Needle Could Face Charges Mobile Huawei Mate 9: Australian Price And Release Date 95 Per Cent Of Galaxy Note7s In Australia Have Been Returned To Samsung Snapchat's Latest Feature Will Make Your Parents Very Happy There's No Security Backdoor In WhatsApp, Despite Reports Car Tech This Motorcycle With Snowmobile Tracks Is The Most Overkill Way To Navigate Sand And Snow You Can Now Drive From Melbourne To Brisbane For Free (In A Tesla, At Least) Why You Should Not Trust Faraday Future -- Or Any Other Tech Company BMW: Go Ahead, Take Your Hands Off The Wheel Of Our 5 Series Prototype, It's Fine Online Google's 'Draco' Compression For 3D Graphics Could Mean A Faster Future For VR And Games Former DirecTV Spokesman Rob Lowe Calls Out DirecTV For Being Terrible Chinese Tech Giant's Office Party Featured Humiliating Simulated Blowjobs  The Genius Who Lived In A Storage Locker For $200 A Month Was Evicted Science & Health World First: Australian Scientists Spot The Ruby Seadragon In The Wild Soon, Your Smartwatch Will Know When You're Getting Sick (Before You Do) Watch SpaceX Launch Its Latest Rocket Into Space Australian Scientists Can Predict The Future Of Quantum Systems Cameras Photographer Transforms Camera Parts Into Lifelike Weapons Move Your Photo Library Between Apple Photos And Google Photos (or Vice Versa) Australia's Alright Kodak Swears It's Not Giving Up On That Digital Super 8 Camera Computing Deals: Up Your Photoshop Game With This Training Bundle Windows 10's 'Game Mode' Will Optimise Your PC For You Deals: If You Want To Learn To Code, Try This Training Bundle Top 10 Ways To Boost Your Home Wi-Fi Gaming Adam Savage Left Speechless By Weta Workshop's Labyrinth Replica. Oh, It's Also A Playable Board Game Here's Every Game From The Nintendo Switch Presentation Hero Coder Adapts 'Portal' For The Apple II Nintendo Switch: Australian Price And Release Date Entertainment Lucasfilm Confirms It Won't Digitally Recreate Carrie Fisher In Star Wars Episode VIII 'Logan' Director Shares New Images Of The Cast HBO Holds Game Of Thrones Season 8 Renewal In Hopes Of More Episodes Listen In Awe To The First Taste Of The Logan Score Toggle navigation Reviews Camera Reviews Car Reviews Phone Reviews PC Reviews Smartwatch Reviews Gadgets Reviews Gaming Reviews Entertainment Reviews Gadgets Mobile Car Tech Online Science & Health Cameras Computing Gaming Entertainment Here's Every Game From The Nintendo Switch Presentation 95 Per Cent Of Galaxy Note7s In Australia Have Been Returned To Samsung Windows 10's 'Game Mode' Will Optimise Your PC For You Australian Scientists Can Predict The Future Of Quantum Systems Google's Round Table Tennis Table Is A Seriously Weird Office Perk Sidney Fussell Jan 13, 2017, 11:00pm ⋅ Filed to:  art google lee wen life imitates art table tennis Share Image: ironsage Unless you're an Olympic athlete (you aren't), the company table tennis table is just one of those fairly sterile, standard office perks. Like a SodaStream or chalkboard. There's no excitement. No danger. But Google's Asia HQ stepped it all the way up and delivered a table tennis table that triples as part game board, part artistic installation and part demented mulitasker's fevered wet dream. Just look at this thing: "#PingPong Go-Round” by #LeeWen Info & gallery: https://barbarapicci.com/2015/04/30/lee-wen/ #pingponggoround #curiosities #curiosità #artaddicted #cultureisfreedom #artisfreedom #artaddiction #artblogger #brabsblogging #blogging #curiositykilledtheblogger #artblogging A photo posted by Culture Is Freedom (@cultureisfreedom) on Nov 8, 2016 at 1:16pm PST Whaaat 😱 A photo posted by shannon lee chaluangco (@shachalee) on Jan 10, 2017 at 11:27pm PST Today at Google office we found ourselves in the middle of a donut shape ping-pong table. 🏓 #bestworkingenvironment #googleoffice A photo posted by Abigail Huang (@abigail_huang) on Jan 6, 2017 at 7:26am PST Top-secret table tennis training facility. #TableTennis #PingPong #ChasingLight #MarinaBaySands #ArtScienceMuseum #PrudentialSingaporeEye @visit_singapore #YourSingaporeArt #SGARtWeek A photo posted by @ironsage on Feb 9, 2015 at 6:20am PST First spotted by SE Roundtable, this particular "Ping Pong Go Round" table was found in Singapore, at the Google Asia Pacific HQ. Maybe Google Asia thinks it's good for office productivity? To have someone encircled, then targeted mercilessly by bouncing ping pong balls, forced to defend themselves with only one paddle? In some cases, however, it actually looks like it'd be fun if you can grab a dozen (possibly drunk) people to fill up all the empty space: #artbasel week #hongkong #leewwn #pingponggoround #singaporeartist #interactiveart A video posted by ❤️loveyloi ❤️ (@loveyloi) on May 16, 2014 at 12:15am PDT The "Ping Pong Go Round" is actually the invention of Singaporean installation artist, Lee Wen, who debuted the weirdo device mega-table in 1998. Wen explained the surprisingly lofty goals of the original installation, which don't include torturing unproductive workers: The game itself is like a dialogue between players on opposite sides. Would it be possible to change its shape to that like a conference table? By making it a doughnut round shape with no borders towards the left and right side, a different perception of the limitations of the preceding game gives new possibilities of a broader dialogue. Obviously, table tennis in Asia is no joke. A noble goal, of course, but mostly it reminds me of: [SERoundtable] Comments Be the first to comment on this story! Log In Sign Up Guest Access Be the first to comment on this story! Cancel Reply Log In / Sign Up Name Email You are starting a new discussion. You are replying to a comment. Cancel Edit × Comment Voting Up Votes Down Votes × Only logged in users may vote for comments! Please log in or register to gain access to this feature. No Thanks Log In Sign Up × Get Permalink Close Trending Stories Right Now Nintendo Switch: Australian Price And Release Date Rae Johnston 15 Jan 2017 6:30 AM Now the Nintendo Switch conference is done and dusted, what have we learned? Here's all the details revealed on what you can play, when you can play it and how much it will cost you. Adam Savage Left Speechless By Weta Workshop's Labyrinth Replica. Oh, It's Also A Playable Board Game Logan Booker 16 Jan 2017 9:30 AM No one at Peter Jackson's Weta Workshop does anything in halves. Ever. Even former Mythbuster Adam Savage was near-speechless after a recent visit to the studio to meet sculptor Johnny Fraser-Allen and the enormous project he's undertaken. building a room-sized, fully sculpted replica of the Labyrinth board game we saw last year. Want Gizmodo's email newsletter? Subscribe Have a tip? Contact our editors! Subscribe to the #staticpodcast Static Podcast: The Best Of Season Four Static Podcast: Bruce Campbell (And All Of Our Other Favourite Interviews) Gizmodo's Static Podcast: Are Videogame Reviews Important Or Redundant? Gizmodo's Static Podcast: How To Become The Citizen Of A Space Nation Trending Articles 1 Nintendo Switch: Australian Price And Release Date 2 Australian Scientists Can Predict The Future Of Quantum Systems 3 Adam Savage Left Speechless By Weta Workshop's Labyrinth Replica. Oh, It's Also A Playable Board Game 4 How To Use Your Chromecast In A Hotel Room 5 Huawei Mate 9: Australian Price And Release Date World First: Australian Scientists Spot The Ruby Seadragon In The Wild Deals: Up Your Photoshop Game With This Training Bundle Soon, Your Smartwatch Will Know When You're Getting Sick (Before You Do) Huawei Mate 9: Australian Price And Release Date Neopets Is Rotting Away Deals: If You Want To Learn To Code, Try This Training Bundle I Want To Play Zelda: Breath Of The Wild With The Japanese Voiceover Community Review: The Nintendo Switch Why Spicy Food Makes You Feel High Deals: Add Photoshop Mastery To Your Resume With This 7 Course Bundle How I Skipped The NBN Waiting List To Get 70Mbps Download Speeds The Sierra 10 Desktop 'I just want some water': Uncooperative smart-fridge is going off on Twitter Pauline Hanson has been 'gifted' tickets to Donald Trump's presidential inauguration ceremony Ford's CEO reveals his plan for the company's biggest transformation in history CHART: Perceived political risk in the US has fallen significantly, at least among small business © 2007-2017 Allure Media About Advertise Contact Terms of Use Gizmodo International × Log in to Gizmodo Username or Email Password Remember me Login Don't have an account? Create one here Forgot your password? Click here to reset × Sign up to Gizmodo User Details @ This is your permanent identity for Gizmodo, Kotaku and Lifehacker Australia. Your email must be valid for account activation Minimum of 8 standard keyboard characters Subscriptions Email newsletters will contain a brief summary of our top stories, plus details of competitions and reader events. Gizmodo Newsletter Kotaku Newsletter Lifehacker Newsletter Yes, I wish to receive exclusive discounts, special offers and competitions from our partners. Send Activation Email Already have an account? Log in × Reset Password Email Reset Password Back to login × Gizmodo International Gizmodo US Gizmodo UK Gizmodo Spain Gizmodo Brazil Gizmodo Japan Close
Skip to: Start of article Visually Open Nav. Go to Wired Home Page. The Inside Story of Google's Daydream, Where VR Feels Like Home subscribe Open Search Field. Search Business culture Design Gear Science Security transportation photo video Photo Video Magazine WIRED INSIDER Roadmap to 2020 Fallback Image Get The Magazine Subscribe now to get 6 months for $5 - plus a FREE Portable Phone Charger. Subscribe Get Our Newsletter WIRED's biggest stories, delivered to your inbox. Submit Thank You Invalid Email Follow Us On Twitter 5 hours Obamacare’s demise is a looming disaster for mental health bit.ly/2iXdIln Follow Follow Us On Facebook Don't miss our latest news, features and videos. Follow We’re On Pinterest See what's inspiring us. Follow Follow Us On Youtube Don't miss out on WIRED's latest videos. Follow Advertisement. Slide: 1 / of 4. Caption: Ryan Young for WIRED Slide: 2 / of 4. Caption: Caption: Jon WileyRyan Young for WIRED Slide: 3 / of 4. Caption: Caption: Josh ToRyan Young for WIRED Slide: 4 / of 4. Caption: Caption: Rob JagnowRyan Young for WIRED Skip Article Header. Skip to: Start of Article. Author: David Pierce. David Pierce Gear Date of Publication: 01.13.17. 01.13.17 Time of Publication: 7:00 am. 7:00 am The Inside Story of Google’s Daydream, Where VR Feels Like Home Ryan Young for WIRED A few minutes after Google CEO Sundar Pichai finished speaking to the crowd at a Google developer conference one sunny June morning in 2014, Jon Wiley made his way over to a newly unveiled booth inside San Francisco’s Moscone conference center, where the event was being held. He’d been struck by something near the end of Pichai’s remarks. Pichai had mentioned, almost in passing, that everyone in the audience would be getting something called Cardboard. It had something to do with virtual reality. This was the first Wiley had heard of the project, or anything having to do with Google and VR. You might think he’d get some early notice, since he’s one of the company’s most celebrated and long-tenured designers, perhaps the person most responsible for the Overall Google Aesthetic. But you’d be wrong. So he waded through the scrum at the Cardboard booth, grabbed a headset, and tried a few demos. He doesn’t remember now why he had a friend take a video, but he’s glad that he did. After a few minutes, he walked away and kept doing what he was actually at I/O to do: extol the virtues of Google’s new material design guidelines. But Wiley couldn’t stop thinking about Cardboard. Jon Wiley, Google’s director of immersive design. Ryan Young for WIRED For the several years leading up to this, Wiley’s job had been designing the company’s search products, like voice search and the iconic Omnibox. One thing he always loved was how well search hid its underlying complexity: A simple, straightforward interface on top of massively complex computer science and engineering. Something about Cardboard struck him the same way. “When you look at Cardboard, it’s very unassuming,” he says. “I mean, it’s literally made of cardboard!” But having played around with VR during its last almost-moment in the ’90s, he knew how complex the system really was. His mind raced with the design possibilities. A few months after the I/O conference, a fledgling group of VR junkies within Google approached Wiley and asked if he wanted to work with them on the side. VR tech was improving fast, but no one was really thinking through how a virtual world should actually look and feel. Maybe it could be his 20-percent project, that infamous Google-sanctioned side hustle. Wiley spent a weekend thinking it over and said no. He wanted to do it full time. In early 2015 he became Google’s director of immersive design and set about figuring out how billions of people will use VR both now and in the decades to come. After years at the helm of one of Google’s most mature products, Wiley is now working on one of its newest and most experimental. There are few agreed-upon rules or norms for VR, at least other than “don’t make people puke.” And everything that works on paper looks, well, flat in this immersive new place. So Wiley has hired architects and sculptors alongside his engineers. Together, the team has worked to rid themselves of everything they know in order to figure out the true way forward. If they get it right, Google’s VR designers are in a position to help usher in the most immersive, natural, human version of computing ever conceived. The User as Interface The VR user experience begins well before any screens turn on. It really begins the moment you pick up a headset. Right now, headsets are universally weird: bulky face-huggers that at best look ridiculous and at worst give you back problems. Google couldn’t fix all that, at least not yet, but it did take the experience in a decidedly more comfortable direction. The Daydream View headset is made of fabric, not plastic, and it’s much lighter and simpler than an HTC Vive or an Oculus Rift or even a Samsung Gear VR. The View is as a result far less powerful or customizable than some headsets, but it feels less like an alien object and more like something you might actually want to wear. Google’s emphasis on comfort over technology comes from a principle the Daydream team developed early on, as they began to comprehend the massive responsibility that comes with asking users to put on a headset that literally tricks their brain into believing something fake is real. It sounds almost obvious: You have to make the user comfortable. “You’re going to be in this environment,” Wiley says. “You’re totally surrounded by it, and also you’re wearing this thing on your head. What do you wear? And where do you dream of being?” Jessica Brillhart, Google’s principle VR filmmaker, has taken to calling people “visitors” rather than “viewers,” as a way of reminding herself that in VR, people aren’t watching what you’ve created. They’re living it. Which changes things. Over time the Daydream team became less and less interested in space stations and Holodecks and more excited by the idea of starting their VR exploration in a much more realistic place. Josh To, Daydream’s design manager.Ryan Young for WIRED Making VR that feels like the real world might sound unambitious, or even pointless. (If you want the woods, here’s a novel idea: Go outdoors, doofus.) But Google’s designers maintain that it’s the right way to start. Because VR is so immersive that your brain truly believes what you’re seeing is real, the penalty for getting things wrong is radically higher. And wrong doesn’t just mean laggy or vomit-inducing. It can mean emotionally uncomfortable, confusing, even scary. One of Google’s own VR experiences used to include a door in the background, to make it feel like part of a bigger world, but people kept anxiously turning around, worried something was coming through the door. An early version of the Photos app set everything in an attic, as if you were combing through family records. It felt … wrong, somehow. “Everyone imagines the attic differently,” says Joshua To, the team’s design manager. “And you end up feeling like you’re encroaching on someone else’s space. It doesn’t feel like your space.” Everything that’s happening in VR is brand new, so the least Google (or anyone) can do is make parts of it a little more comfortable. When you first put on a View headset and turn on the software, you’re dropped into Daydream Home, which is really more like Daydream Woods Picnic or Daydream Outdoor Nap Spot. It’s a pristine, quiet forest scene, with roaming critters and a babbling brook. This virtual world is a lot like the real one, except the weather’s always perfect and nobody ever gets bug bites. When you pick a movie in Google Play, you do so in an airy room filled with mini-monuments to classic films: Harry Potter’s robe hangs on the wall, next to Forrest Gump’s box of chocolates and a T-rex snarling at an overturned Jeep. Once you pick a flick, you’re taken to a mossy clearing, where the film plays on a screen hung taut between trees. Eventually, To says, Google plans to give users more control over what things look like, but for now most environments feel like you’re getting private access to some eccentric billionaire’s play places. It’s wonderful. Because VR is so immersive that your brain truly believes what you’re seeing is real, the penalty for getting things wrong is radically higher. This isn’t just Google’s approach, either. When a team at Hulu began experimenting with virtual reality, they latched on to the idea that it might be cool if you watched a TV show in the same place the show happens. Their first prototype, which involved the History Channel show Vikings, had viewers sitting onboard an ancient ship with the show playing on the sail. But that was weird, and distracting, and maybe going to make people seasick. “I want to focus on watching TV here,” says Julian Eggebrecht, Hulu’s vp of technology. So they settled on what Eggebrecht calls “hyper-real” environments for watching TV: places you might already go, only better. “If you want to be in a movie theater, it has to be the largest movie theater you’ve ever experienced. If you’re in a living room, it has to be in a really cool city. If you’re going to be on a beach, it has to be an exceptionally relaxing beach.” Before VR takes us somewhere entirely new, it’ll perfect the world we already know. At one point during our conversation, Wiley leans back in his chair and stares pensively at the ceiling. “This is going to be heresy,” he says, “but I kind of want to bring back the heavy skeuomorphism.” That’s become a dirty word in tech, code for lazily copying the real world in the digital one. Smartphone software is becoming more natively digital and abstract—it feels silly to have computer desktops with virtual coffee cups or to line the top of your phone’s notepad with torn legal paper. But in VR, Wiley argues, “buttons are buttons! You can walk up to something and press it.” The very ergonomics of a door handle, for instance, tell you something about how you use it. Why try and reinvent it when it already works? Wiley wants to take advantage of humans’ ability to move through the world rather than force them to adapt to yet another computer interface. That’s the plan for now, anyway, until people are comfortable enough in this new place that they begin to push at its boundaries. There’s a different team at Google working on that part. Slide: 1 / of 12. Caption: Google Slide: 2 / of 12. Caption: Caption: When Google started designing Daydream, they decided all colors had to come from nature.Google Slide: 3 / of 12. Caption: Caption: When you pick a movie to watch in Daydream, you do it in the coolest home-theater space ever.Google Slide: 4 / of 12. Caption: Caption: All of Google's sketches imagine Daydream VR places as part of larger worlds.Google Slide: 5 / of 12. Caption: Caption: When an art gallery can look like anything, this is what Google thinks it might look like.Google Slide: 6 / of 12. Caption: Caption: Google's designers had lots of concepts for VR, but one of their first principles was to get an idea into VR as soon as possible.Google Advertisement Slide: 7 / of 12. Caption: Caption: Once you choose a movie, you head outside into the wilderness to watch it.Google Slide: 8 / of 12. Caption: Caption: Even from the beginning, the Daydream team wanted places that felt real---only better.Google Slide: 9 / of 12. Caption: Caption: The designers had to fill an entire 360-degree world at all times, so they added little lifelike touches everywhere.Google Slide: 10 / of 12. Caption: Caption: One of the team's goals was to make it feel like the world keeps existing even when you're not in it.Google Slide: 11 / of 12. Caption: Caption: This is where you watch a Google Play movie in VR. Doesn't it look cozy?Google Slide: 12 / of 12. Caption: Caption: The in-VR theater could have been anything, even a movie theater. But something about the outdoors felt right.Google Advertisement Related Galleries Stunning Images Show the Earth's Imperiled Water While You Were Offline: Maybe Joseph Fiennes Playing Michael Jackson Wasn't the Best Idea What Better Way for the Marines to Prepare for Future Wars Than With Sci-Fi? Slide: 1 / of 12 Caption: Google Slide: 2 / of 12 Caption: Caption: When Google started designing Daydream, they decided all colors had to come from nature.Google Slide: 3 / of 12 Caption: Caption: When you pick a movie to watch in Daydream, you do it in the coolest home-theater space ever.Google Slide: 4 / of 12 Caption: Caption: All of Google's sketches imagine Daydream VR places as part of larger worlds.Google Slide: 5 / of 12 Caption: Caption: When an art gallery can look like anything, this is what Google thinks it might look like.Google Slide: 6 / of 12 Caption: Caption: Google's designers had lots of concepts for VR, but one of their first principles was to get an idea into VR as soon as possible.Google Slide: 7 / of 12 Caption: Caption: Once you choose a movie, you head outside into the wilderness to watch it.Google Slide: 8 / of 12 Caption: Caption: Even from the beginning, the Daydream team wanted places that felt real---only better.Google Slide: 9 / of 12 Caption: Caption: The designers had to fill an entire 360-degree world at all times, so they added little lifelike touches everywhere.Google Slide: 10 / of 12 Caption: Caption: One of the team's goals was to make it feel like the world keeps existing even when you're not in it.Google Slide: 11 / of 12 Caption: Caption: This is where you watch a Google Play movie in VR. Doesn't it look cozy?Google Slide: 12 / of 12 Caption: Caption: The in-VR theater could have been anything, even a movie theater. But something about the outdoors felt right.Google Related Galleries Stunning Images Show the Earth's Imperiled Water While You Were Offline: Maybe Joseph Fiennes Playing Michael Jackson Wasn't the Best Idea What Better Way for the Marines to Prepare for Future Wars Than With Sci-Fi? 12 Baby Steps In July of 2015, as Google began to shift virtual reality from a box-cutting hobby to something far more ambitious, Rob Jagnow and a small group of other Google engineers asked their colleagues a really broad question: “What do you want to know about VR that we haven’t explored yet?” They got 220 responses. Some people wondered about motion, others about reading. A weirdly large number were curious about VR shopping. Jagnow’s team is called Daydream Labs, and it has one job: make stuff. They take a straightforward question or hypothesis—How do you leave a comment in VR? What should people’s legs look like? Is virtual horticulture fun?—and build the simplest prototype they can to test it out. Then, once a week or so, they invite everyone on the team over to try it out and tell the Labs crew what they think. They’ll strap a headset on someone, show them a bunch of tiny variations on an idea, and pepper them with questions. Their first project was text, testing how far away and how big copy should be to be readable. Drums were second. People liked drums. When I meet Jagnow, a friendly and fit guy in a Daydream branded T-shirt, it’s early November, just before Daydream launched to the public. Almost everyone who has ever tried the Daydream View has done so inside a white-walled testing room like the one he leads me into. The Labs crew, he says, is working on its 90th project. “We’re doing copresence animation systems,” he says, “with physics simulation shared between clients.” Before I can ask what any of that means, Jagnow straps a Vive headset over my eyes and starts a demo he calls Keyboard Drums. It’s a sort of typing test, but instead of touch-typing or pointing at letters I have an array of typewriter-style keys below me and two mallets in my hand. One answer they found to “how do you make typing not suck?” was to make it feel like drums. I type words like I’m playing a xylophone. It’s fabulous. VR has all the requisite capabilities to be the most intuitive and natural computing system ever. But it’s going to take some work to get it right. Over the course of an hour, Jagnow puts me through a series of demos. I’m a thousand feet tall, playing putt-putt across all of Central Park. Then I’m standing in an austere supervillain-quality house, building a model home to see how freely a VR system can let you move stuff in space. Next I’m standing among sculptures in a museum as a tiny device records my voice and movements. When I finish, it appears next to me like a snow globe, endlessly replaying my diatribe. I guess that’s the VR equivalent of a comment. It’s as horrifying in virtual reality as it is on YouTube. Nothing Jagnow shows me feels fully realized or polished, which he says is by design. There’s no point in wasting time with beautiful backgrounds when they’re trying to figure out how to let you move around a space without making you nauseous. “One of our rules of prototyping,” Jagnow says, is to get it in VR as soon as possible. It’s one thing to sketch out a paper prototype, but as soon as you get it into VR, you’re like ohhh!'” He says they’ve never once figured out the right answer on the first try. The “how do you do X in VR?” question will take a long time to fully answer and will change constantly as screens, processors, lenses, and controllers change. All of which seems to annoy Wiley. He has this sense of what it’s all going to look like 10 years from now, how great and natural it’s going to feel. “Right now,” he says, “we’re doing a lot of interfaces that mimic things people understand and know. But what’s next is probably something that feels like magic, and feels like superpowers, and like telekinesis and telepathy and mind-reading.” He is even convinced the necessary tech is coming. It’s just not coming fast enough. Rob Jagnow, a senior software engineer at Google.Ryan Young for WIRED The part that changes the most between here and there will be the controller. “I think headsets are actually much farther along than input,” Wiley says. Headsets have work to do, certainly, but projecting light onto your eyes is a well-understood challenge. Gesture detection, less so. And what about eye tracking, body language, and even the force with which you press that skeuomorphic button? “We have a huge range of expression through our hands,” he says, “and we’re nowhere near being able to leverage that for immersive experiences yet.” Wiley, a former theater major, is obsessed with these nuanced movements. He can’t wait to stop thinking about controllers and start thinking about bodies. Google is already hard at work on the matter, having acquired eye-tracking company Eyefluence in October. Google’s Daydream controller is neat and useful, but it’s nothing like the magic wand Wiley wants it to be. This more nuanced method of input is coming quickly, from Google and everyone else. Oculus’s Touch controllers, which recognize not only when you’ve pressed a button but when you’ve raised a finger, are a start. Microsoft’s Hololens recognizes a limited set of gestures. And companies like Leap Motion are building sensors directly into headsets that let watch your hands move freely in space. “That’s a giant design opportunity, bringing more humanity to computing,” says Mark Rolston, founder of Argo design. He’s most excited about what these inputs could mean when we’re not seeing this digital reality on a screen but projected on top of our existed world. “That’s what the promise of augmented reality is. Bringing computing into the situations we already find ourselves in naturally.” As controllers do get better, that will force VR designers to rethink everything all over again. And as VR becomes more social, so users can occupy a virtual space together, it’ll shift even further. “The challenge, I guess,” says Hulu’s Eggebrecht, “is, how do we take advantage of all this but make it so intuitive and so simple that you don’t get scared?” VR has all the requisite capabilities to be the most intuitive and natural computing system ever. But it’s going to take some work to get it right. It’s worth the effort, Wiley finally (and somewhat reluctantly) admits, because he knows what’ll happen next. It’s what his whole design career has been reaching toward. “Our job as practitioners of design is to bridge the gap: Computers on one side, humans on the other.” The DOS prompt, the graphical user interface, the touchscreen, voice control, even Google’s simple search box, were all fundamentally about making computers feel a touch more human. “The computer has come a little bit across the chasm to us,” he says, “and each time this happens, people just enjoy using computers more.” Once the computers really understand users, seeing and responding to their bodies and brains and words and emotions, all within worlds without the boundaries of meatspace, not even Wiley can imagine what might be possible. But it’ll be beautiful. Go Back to Top. Skip To: Start of Article. Daydream google virtual reality VR Skip Social. Skip to: Latest News. Share Share Tweet Pin Comment Email Skip Latest News. Skip to: Comments. Most Popular What Happens When Algorithms Design a Concert Hall? The Stunning Elbphilharmonie Architecture What Happens When Algorithms Design a Concert Hall? The Stunning Elbphilharmonie 01.12.17 While You Were Offline: Maybe Joseph Fiennes Playing Michael Jackson Wasn’t the Best Idea While You Were Offline While You Were Offline: Maybe Joseph Fiennes Playing Michael Jackson Wasn’t the Best Idea 10 hours Check Out These Hi-Res Shots of Rogue One’s Gorgeous Interfaces Obsessions Check Out These Hi-Res Shots of Rogue One’s Gorgeous Interfaces 12 hours Tesla Is Snatching Apple’s Stars to Make Itself the New Apple Silicon Valley Tesla Is Snatching Apple’s Stars to Make Itself the New Apple 3 days Obamacare’s Demise Is a Looming Disaster for Mental Health National Affairs Obamacare’s Demise Is a Looming Disaster for Mental Health 12 hours As Self-Driving Cars Approach, the Auto Industry Races to Rebuild autonomous vehicles As Self-Driving Cars Approach, the Auto Industry Races to Rebuild 12 hours What Better Way for the Marines to Prepare for Future Wars Than With Sci-Fi? Security What Better Way for the Marines to Prepare for Future Wars Than With Sci-Fi? 12 hours Here’s What Sci-Fi Can Teach Us About Fascism Geek's Guide to the Galaxy Here’s What Sci-Fi Can Teach Us About Fascism 1 day More Stories Skip Comments. Skip to: Footer. View comments Sponsored Stories Powered By Outbrain Powered By Outbrain More Gear Photo Gallery Postcards From Vegas: The Beautiful, Terrible Sights of CES 12 hours Buying Guide So, You Got a VR Rig. Here’s All the Other Stuff You Need 2 days video Sensor-Laden Remote Control Knows Where You’re Pointing It 01.07.17 Fetish HTC U Ultra Is a Phone for Teens, or Something Like That 01.12.17 video Meet a Couple of Web-Surfing, Voice-Activated … Fridges 01.11.17 While You Were Offline While You Were Offline: Maybe Joseph Fiennes Playing Michael Jackson Wasn’t the Best Idea 10 hours We Recommend Powered By Outbrain Get The Magazine Subscribe now to get 6 months for $5 - plus a FREE Portable Phone Charger. Subscribe Get Our Newsletter WIRED's biggest stories, delivered to your inbox. Submit Thank You Invalid Email Follow Us On Twitter 5 hours Obamacare’s demise is a looming disaster for mental health bit.ly/2iXdIln Follow Follow Us On Facebook Don't miss our latest news, features and videos. Follow We’re On Pinterest See what's inspiring us. Follow Follow Us On Youtube Don't miss out on WIRED's latest videos. Follow Get Our Newsletter WIRED's biggest stories, delivered to your inbox. Submit Thank You Invalid Email Follow Us On Twitter 5 hours Obamacare’s demise is a looming disaster for mental health bit.ly/2iXdIln Follow Follow Us On Facebook Don't miss our latest news, features and videos. Follow We’re On Pinterest See what's inspiring us. Follow Follow Us On Youtube Don't miss out on WIRED's latest videos. Follow Here’s The Thing With Ad Blockers We get it: Ads aren’t what you’re here for. But ads help us keep the lights on. So, add us to your ad blocker’s whitelist or pay $1 per week for an ad-free version of WIRED. Either way, you are supporting our journalism. We’d really appreciate it. Sign Up Already a member? Log in Thank You All of us at WIRED appreciate your support! Continue Wired Facebook Wired Twitter Wired Pinterest Wired Youtube Wired Tumblr Wired Instagram Login Subscribe Advertise Site Map Press Center FAQ Customer Care Contact Us T-Shirt Collection Newsletter Wired Staff Jobs RSS Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our user agreement (effective 3/21/12) and privacy policy (effective 3/21/12). Affiliate link policy. Your California privacy rights. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast.
Skip to: Start of article Visually Open Nav. Go to Wired Home Page. Tesla Is Snatching Apple's Stars to Make Itself the New Apple subscribe Open Search Field. Search Business culture Design Gear Science Security transportation photo video Photo Video Magazine WIRED INSIDER Roadmap to 2020 Fallback Image Get The Magazine Subscribe now to get 6 months for $5 - plus a FREE Portable Phone Charger. Subscribe Get Our Newsletter WIRED's biggest stories, delivered to your inbox. Submit Thank You Invalid Email Follow Us On Twitter 6 hours Obamacare’s demise is a looming disaster for mental health bit.ly/2iXdIln Follow Follow Us On Facebook Don't miss our latest news, features and videos. Follow We’re On Pinterest See what's inspiring us. Follow Follow Us On Youtube Don't miss out on WIRED's latest videos. Follow Advertisement. Slide: 1 / of 2. Caption: Jasper Juinen/Bloomberg/Getty Images Slide: 2 / of 2. Caption: Caption: Chris Lattner DANILO AGUTOLI Skip Article Header. Skip to: Start of Article. Author: Cade Metz. Cade Metz Business Date of Publication: 01.13.17. 01.13.17 Time of Publication: 7:00 am. 7:00 am Tesla Is Snatching Apple’s Stars to Make Itself the New Apple Jasper Juinen/Bloomberg/Getty Images If you don’t follow the ins and outs of Silicon Valley personnel moves, you might have missed the news. Even if you saw it, it may not have made much sense. Chris Lattner is leaving Apple for Tesla? Chris who? Lattner doesn’t enjoy the name recognition of a Tim Cook or a Jony Ive. But he’s a rock star among software engineers. As the guy who built Swift, Apple’s iPhone-centric programming language, he’s one of those coders that other coders put on a pedestal. He personifies Silicon Valley’s relentless push toward technology capable of changing the world. Tesla is not just building a car. It’s building an entirely new kind of computer. Now, he’s moving on, becoming the head of software engineering for Autopilot, the technology that’s transforming Tesla’s electric vehicles into autonomous vehicles. Apple’s innovation machine is losing another key cog to a company that has lured so many others away from the House That Jobs Built. And that provides an obvious storyline for the tech press and so many other Silicon Valley watchers: Tesla is the new Apple. In many ways, the story is true. Apple vice president of Mac engineering Doug Field, director of alloy engineering Rich Heley, and MacBook Air engineer Matt Casebolt are among those who’ve left Cupertino for Tesla. But the truth goes deeper than that. Sure, Tesla is snagging some of Apple’s mojo, becoming a defining symbol of Silicon Valley innovation. “Apple is stuck in the world of phones and watches,” the argument goes, “while Tesla is well down the path to self-driving cars, for Jobs’ sake!” Look beyond the A-list talent and sexy public image, though, and you’ll see that Tesla is mimicking Apple (and Google and Amazon and Facebook) in a more meaningful way. Lattner’s arrival is just the latest evidence of this. Like those other tech giants, Tesla is not just building new products. It’s building them from entirely new parts, remaking them from top to bottom. Apple did this with phones. Now, Tesla is doing it with cars—and with computers, too. Extreme Engineering Google didn’t just build a new search engine. It built a new kind of global computer capable of running that search engine at unprecedented scale, fashioning everything from the software to the servers to the network switches to the data centers. That’s what made Google so successful: It could serve far more people, far more quickly than anyone else. Facebook and Amazon soon followed suit. In similar fashion, Apple didn’t just build the iPhone. It built so many of the individual parts inside the iPhone, including the microprocessor at the heart of this iconic device. That allowed the company to not only build a phone no one else could, but do it with unprecedented speed and efficiency. Tesla knows that autonomous vehicles require the same kind of extreme engineering. Tesla is not just building a car, it’s building an entirely new kind of computer. Today, computers are designed to send data into the world. Autonomous vehicles require computers that can draw data from the world and use it to understand what’s happening around it. That is a very different kind of computer, and it hasn’t yet been built—not to the degree that anyone can be sure it will work with unerring accuracy and safety. Chris Lattner DANILO AGUTOLI Fundamentals Tesla hired Lattner because he has a history of building enormously complex, enormously successful software projects. As his PhD advisor, Vikram Adve, points out, Swift is just one example of this. Before that, Lattner built two other software projects on a similar scale: LLVM and Clang. Never heard of those? Then you’re not a software engineer. These are foundational tools at both Apple and Google, underpinning everything that happens on the iPhone and on every Google online service. “Chris is really good at managing and running a large software project, with very high quality, attracting really good programmers, and getting results,” says Adve, a computer science professor at the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign. Lattner did not respond to my request for an interview. But his previous work is telling not just because it was so successful, but because it was foundational. LLVM and Clang are software tools that engineers use to build other software—and build it at the most fundamental level, the level where it talks to the hardware. Tesla needs people like Lattner in part because it has split with Mobileye, the Israeli company that makes the image recognition system currently underpinning Autopilot. It must build a whole new system, apparently around GPU chips from nVidia, the graphics processing chips that now do double-duty at the heart of many artificially intelligent systems, And Lattner is the kind of engineer who can lead the development of this system. Not to mention: the foundational software that drives nVidia GPUs is based on LLVM. Related Video Elon Musk Says Every New Tesla Will Drive Itself But it’s not just the Lattner hire that shows how deep Tesla could go in building its own technology. While Lattner will run the software side, the head of hardware engineering for Autopilot is Jim Keller, the former Apple chip designer who helped build many of the microprocessors that went into the world’s iPhones. (Several of Keller’s old colleagues are now also working for Tesla.) Tesla has the key talent needed to build its own AI technology from top to bottom. And it may have to. Mobileye is off the table, and it’s still unclear whether GPUs are the future of autonomous vehicles. Mobileye apparently dumped Tesla for moving too fast down the road to self-driving cars, but Tesla has no intention of slowing down. No one outside of Tesla knows whether Tesla is building an AI chip. But hiring Keller suggests that it will. And if it does, it will need people like Lattner to build the low-level software that can drive those chips. Fundamentally, LLVM is a tool for building software that could run on any piece of hardware. It lets you readily target the chips you want to target, says Todd Mostak, the CEO of MapD, a company that uses LLVM to build database software for multiple processors. Related Stories 2017 Will Be the Year Tesla Reigns Supreme—Or Finally Flops 25 Geniuses Who Are Creating the Future of Business The iPhone Remade Apple 10 Years Ago. Now It’s Slowing Apple Down The world is already headed toward a new kind of AI chip. Last year, Google revealed that it built one called the Tensor Processing Unit, or TPU, and commercial chip makers like nVidia and Intel are building dedicate AI chips as well. Such chips are needed to serve the demands of the neural networks and other techniques behind so many of the AI-driven services moving into the market, from image and speech recognition to the nerve centers that drive autonomous cars. Tesla could get this technology elsewhere, but its ambition is often far more extreme. After all, it’s already building its own batteries in its own factory. Building your own stuff lets you do things no one else can do, at a scale and cost no one else can achieve. That’s where the real advantage comes. So, yes, Tesla hired Chris Lattner because it wants to be more like Apple. But it also hired him because it wants to be something very different. Go Back to Top. Skip To: Start of Article. apple Artificial Intelligence Tesla Skip Social. Skip to: Latest News. Share Share Tweet Pin Comment Email Skip Social. Skip to: Latest News. Share Share Tweet Pin Comment Email Skip Latest News. Skip to: Comments. Most Popular What Happens When Algorithms Design a Concert Hall? The Stunning Elbphilharmonie Architecture What Happens When Algorithms Design a Concert Hall? The Stunning Elbphilharmonie 01.12.17 While You Were Offline: Maybe Joseph Fiennes Playing Michael Jackson Wasn’t the Best Idea While You Were Offline While You Were Offline: Maybe Joseph Fiennes Playing Michael Jackson Wasn’t the Best Idea 11 hours As Self-Driving Cars Approach, the Auto Industry Races to Rebuild autonomous vehicles As Self-Driving Cars Approach, the Auto Industry Races to Rebuild 13 hours Check Out These Hi-Res Shots of Rogue One’s Gorgeous Interfaces Obsessions Check Out These Hi-Res Shots of Rogue One’s Gorgeous Interfaces 13 hours Obamacare’s Demise Is a Looming Disaster for Mental Health National Affairs Obamacare’s Demise Is a Looming Disaster for Mental Health 13 hours Tesla Is Snatching Apple’s Stars to Make Itself the New Apple Silicon Valley Tesla Is Snatching Apple’s Stars to Make Itself the New Apple 3 days What Better Way for the Marines to Prepare for Future Wars Than With Sci-Fi? Security What Better Way for the Marines to Prepare for Future Wars Than With Sci-Fi? 13 hours Now That We’ve All Seen The OA, Let’s Talk About That Ending TV Now That We’ve All Seen The OA, Let’s Talk About That Ending 12.28.16 More Stories Skip Comments. Skip to: Footer. View comments Sponsored Stories Powered By Outbrain Powered By Outbrain More Business Net Neutrality Outgoing FCC Chairman Tom Wheeler: Net Neutrality’s Not Dead 2 days Deep Learning Rival AIs Battle to Rule Poker (and Global Politics) 2 days Business Inside Facebook’s First Efforts to Rain Internet from the Sky 11.10.16 politics Trump’s Plan to Avoid Conflicts of Interest Won’t Avoid a Thing 01.11.17 Open Source Quantum Computing Is Real, and D-Wave Just Open-Sourced It 01.11.17 While You Were Offline While You Were Offline: Maybe Joseph Fiennes Playing Michael Jackson Wasn’t the Best Idea 11 hours We Recommend Powered By Outbrain Get The Magazine Subscribe now to get 6 months for $5 - plus a FREE Portable Phone Charger. Subscribe Get Our Newsletter WIRED's biggest stories, delivered to your inbox. Submit Thank You Invalid Email Follow Us On Twitter 6 hours Obamacare’s demise is a looming disaster for mental health bit.ly/2iXdIln Follow Follow Us On Facebook Don't miss our latest news, features and videos. Follow We’re On Pinterest See what's inspiring us. Follow Follow Us On Youtube Don't miss out on WIRED's latest videos. Follow Get Our Newsletter WIRED's biggest stories, delivered to your inbox. Submit Thank You Invalid Email Follow Us On Twitter 6 hours Obamacare’s demise is a looming disaster for mental health bit.ly/2iXdIln Follow Follow Us On Facebook Don't miss our latest news, features and videos. Follow We’re On Pinterest See what's inspiring us. Follow Follow Us On Youtube Don't miss out on WIRED's latest videos. Follow Here’s The Thing With Ad Blockers We get it: Ads aren’t what you’re here for. But ads help us keep the lights on. So, add us to your ad blocker’s whitelist or pay $1 per week for an ad-free version of WIRED. Either way, you are supporting our journalism. We’d really appreciate it. Sign Up Already a member? Log in Thank You All of us at WIRED appreciate your support! Continue Wired Facebook Wired Twitter Wired Pinterest Wired Youtube Wired Tumblr Wired Instagram Login Subscribe Advertise Site Map Press Center FAQ Customer Care Contact Us T-Shirt Collection Newsletter Wired Staff Jobs RSS Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our user agreement (effective 3/21/12) and privacy policy (effective 3/21/12). Affiliate link policy. Your California privacy rights. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast.
Home Business Software Chips Mobile Internet Security Review Desktop Software Graphics cards Laptops Mobile apps Mobiles Peripherals Storage Tablets Workstations TechEye Home Business Software Chips Mobile Internet Security Review Desktop Software Graphics cards Laptops Mobile apps Mobiles Peripherals Storage Tablets Workstations Menu Google kills off solar powered drone Posted on January 13, 2017 by Nick Farrell - News, Science A Google division which was running a solar-powered drone programme is being mothballed as the outfit cuts back on its “moonshots”. X, Alphabet’s moonshot division, has shut down a project with the unfortunate name Titan. Coincidently another project with the same name was run by Apple to build self-driving cars and it was shut down too. It seems that the Titans don’t approve. Google bought Titan Aerospace in 2014. The outfit had been developing solar-powered drones that could fly for several days at a time and take images of earth or beam down internet. Titan was folded into X and then into Project Wing which works on delivery drones. An X representative said Google would focus on Project Loon, which makes high-altitude balloons, for delivering internet from the sky. Loon is a more promising way to connect rural and remote parts of the world. Many people from the Titan team are now using their expertise as part of other high flying projects at X, including Loon and Project Wing, Google said. Tags: Google, loon, solar, x Search for: Recent Articles Microsoft staff sue over being force to watch smut While companies fire their staff for watching porn, Microsoft is being sued by some of its staff for[...] Windows 10 to lock when you move away Software king of the world Microsoft has a wizard wheeze to hack off users. Vole has thought that[...] Nintendo Switch headed to disaster Former playing card maker Nintendo has released details of its new Switch console but found that rev[...] Apple faces another antitrust case A US appeals court has allowed phone app purchasers to sue the fruity-cargo cult Apple over allegati[...] Samsung boss grilled for 22 hours Samsung's CEO was grilled for more than 22 hours by South Korean special prosecutor's office over br[...] © 2017 TechEye.
Sections Machines Discoveries Space Futures Gaming Earth Videos About en de es fr it nl pt The VICE Channels Share Tweet Motherboard Motherboard Watch Sections Machines Discoveries Space Futures Gaming Earth Latest Videos Documentaries Interviews Machines Discoveries Space Futures Gaming Earth Follow Motherboard Newsletter Image: Evan Lome/Shutterstock Google Squashed a Chrome Extension that Flooded Ad Networks With Disinformation Written by Corin Faife Contributor January 13, 2017 // 07:00 AM EST Copy This URL What happens when one of the giants of the modern internet decides that your product affects its business model? The debate came to the fore again last week when Google removed AdNauseam, an anti-tracking browser extension, from the Chrome Web Store. AdNauseam is built on the principles that Helen Nissenbaum, professor of Media, Culture and Communication and Computer Science at NYU and a co-creator of the extension, detailed in her book Obfuscation: in addition to hiding ads from the user, it also clicks every ad link in the background, creating a fog of fake data which confuses attempts to build a profile of the user’s habits. Released in 2014, the extension was fully operational until the end of 2016, but according to AdNauseam has been unavailable for download from the Chrome Web Store since the start of 2017, with previously installed copies automatically deactivated in the Chrome browser. AdNauseam (picture here in Firefox) sends ad networks junk data by randomly "clicking" ads. Image: Screenshot/AdNauseam With Chrome accounting for 54 percent share of the desktop browser market as of late 2016, Google controls the channel through which the majority of global desktop internet users access the web, which is why its stance on users’ right to opt out of tracking has such large implications. In a Skype call, Nissenbaum said: “What many people don’t understand is that companies like Google and Apple—who are really gatekeepers to an enormous amount of cultural and political activity—may be reasonably benevolent at the moment... but because of how our system of regulation is set up, they still have complete freedom about who they decide to let on or kick off their respective platforms.” In the desktop market, it should be noted that internet users do have a greater ability to move outside of the Google/Apple stack—browsers like Firefox or Brave also ad blocking and anti-tracking functionality—although where smartphones are concerned, it’s harder to download software outside of the official app stores. As far as ad blockers go, tension with Google isn’t new: in early 2013 the company removed several ad blocking apps from the Play Store for Android (Adblock Plus returned two years later in the form of a dedicated web browser). But where Chrome for the desktop is concerned, hugely popular extensions like AdBlock, Adblock Plus, and uBlock Origin (which AdNauseam is based upon) remain readily available, raising questions over why AdNauseam’s tactics have left it specifically targeted for removal—a point which Google has been less than clear about. An email from the Web Store, forwarded by Nissenbaum to Motherboard, gives a stock response: Your item did not comply with the following section of our policy: An extension should have a single purpose that is clear to users. Do not create an extension that requires users to accept bundles of unrelated functionality, such as an email notifier and a news headline aggregator. Google did not reply to Motherboard's request for comment on the removal of AdNauseam. The real issue, many would argue, is a conflict of interest: Google wants to be responsive to the requests of its users by giving them the functionality they want—here, a web browser with the ability to install a variety of extensions—, up until the point that these functions begin to impact its profit margin. And since developers don’t have any specific right to have these products hosted on Google’s platform, once the decision to block an app or extension is made it can be difficult to appeal. "Today it’s your art/privacy tool, tomorrow it’s your photo collection, or maybe your password manager,” said AdNauseam’s designer Mushon Zer-Aviv in an email. “Google should be frank about its policy, that browsing the web through Chrome is browsing the web under Google's corporate interest censorship." With Google yet to offer a response, the exact reason for AdNauseam’s removal can’t be confirmed. At present though, Chrome users can still run the AdNauseam extension by manually installing a zip file in developer mode, or switch to another browser instead. It remains to be seen whether Google will reverse the decision and reinstate it to the Web Store, but in the meantime, as the developers point out, it still works great in Firefox. Topics: web browsers, google, Chrome, Firefox, AdNauseam, ad blocking, Do Not Track, apps, Desktop Computers, Futures Contact Motherboard by email. You can reach us at letters@motherboard.tv. Letters may be published. Want to see other people talking about Motherboard? Check out our letters to the editor. Recommended Sorry, Ad-Blocking Will Not Be Built Into Microsoft Edge Popular Chinese Browser Transmits User Info With Terrible Encryption Google Users Can’t Stop Searching for the Ketogenic Diet The 11 Stupidest Patents of 2016 Google Chrome Will Start Shaming Unencrypted Websites in January This Screen-Scrambling Tool Only Reveals Your Browser with Special Glasses Follow Us Everywhere Most Popular Did Inadequate Women’s Healthcare Destroy Star Wars’ Old Republic? Dark Matter Hunters Are Hoping 2017 Is Their Year How to Erase a Neighborhood Examining the Lethality of the Booby Traps in ‘Home Alone’ Here’s North Korea’s Totalitarian Android Tablet Information Won't Make Us Immortal © 2017 Vice Media LLC About Motherboard About Motherboard Contact Privacy Policy Terms of Use
Navigation Menu Social Media News Social Media News Social Media Help Facebook Help Twitter Help Google+ Help LinkedIn Help Instagram Help Pinterest Help Youtube Help Technology Technology News Tech Tips Apps & Software Gadgets Tablets Apple Kindle Samsung Internet Search Engine News Web Bing Google Yahoo Business Advertising Blogging Development Start Ups Mobile Android Blackberry iPhone Reviews Windows Phone Infographics Follow us on Twitter Follow us on Facebook Subscribe To Rss Feed Follow Us On Google+ Home » Google Maps makes it easier to hail an Uber without leaving the app Google Maps makes it easier to hail an Uber without leaving the app Home » Apps & Software » Google Maps makes it easier to hail an Uber without leaving the app Posted By Ola Ric on Jan 13, 2017 | 0 comments Share the joy                 Credit: https://blog.google/products/maps/new-year-new-look-ride-services-mode-gets-update/ Want an easier way to hail an Uber? Google has a new update for you—and it’s through its Google Maps. Google has updated its popular map app, Google Maps, and you can now hail an Uber ride without leaving the app. The company on Thursday announced that the latest version of Google Maps on both Android and iOS will let you request a ride from Uber without exiting the app. Until now, users could only use the app [Maps] to check for price estimates and start the process of getting a lift, but couldn’t go beyond that. If a user wanted a ride, all he needed to do then was exit the app, and access the Uber app. With the new update, all you have to do is to sign up with your Uber account info, and complete the process. “”Once you sign into your existing Uber account (or create one), you can book an Uber ride, track your driver on the map, and connect with your driver—all from within the Google Maps app,” Google’s Senior Product Manager, Sara McKinley Torti said on Thursday in a blog post. Google Maps is also spotting a new look as you can now see more types of ride options and more actionable information. When you open ride services mode, you will see the map you know and love as well as a carousel of ride service providers in your area. This is quite different from what we had in the past where you are presented with a long list of ride providers and ride options. To see a complete list of ride options and special in your area, simply tap on your preferred provider. Good alternative to the Uber app? Maybe or maybe not; but anything that helps a user hail a ride without the pain should be a welcome development. Google Maps has stepped up the gear in recent times, with Google adding some exciting new features to make the app more appealing to everyone. Last November, the company updated the app to provide estimate of how busy a place is in real time. The tech giant also added details for stores with separate opening hours for their different departments. With this information, you can avoid going to the store’s hardware section only to find out that it is still closed and will only open two hours after. With more than 40 million people using the Uber app globally, the company probably now has more jobs on its hands to keep that number growing, especially with the today’s update on Google Maps. On its part, Uber announced a major redesign of its app; promising to build its business right from scratch. Uber’s newly redesigned app is faster and more stable than the current app, for some smartphones at least. In the new design, the third-party services are found in a scrollable window of tiles. Among other things, the newly redesigned Uber app, you can choose the type of ride you prefer, like premium or economy. Video Credit: https://blog.google/products/maps/new-year-new-look-ride-services-mode-gets-update/ Share the joy                 Share this: Reddit Email Facebook Skype Twitter Tumblr Google LinkedIn More Pinterest Author: Ola Ric Ola Ric is a professional tech writer. He has written and provided tons of published articles for professionals and private individuals. He is also a social commentator and analyst, with relevant experience in the use of social media services. Share This Post On Google Facebook Twitter Search SocialBarrel.com Search for: Subscribe! Tools & Resources Create your online store with WixStores! Our Sponsor : Recent From Social Media News WhatsApp Denies Backdoor Claim Jan 14, 2017 Facebook sued by Syrian migrant over fake news Jan 14, 2017 YouTube Super Chat – Helping Creators Make Money Jan 13, 2017 Facebook adds a cool new way to go Live from a desktop Jan 12, 2017 Facebook Journalism Project Aims To Promote News Literacy Jan 11, 2017 Home About us Our Team Privacy Contact Write for us Advertise With Us! A Venture Geeks project Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
RecomN - Local Services| About Us| E-Paper| Search| MOBILE KLIK UNTUK PROJEKMMO 点击M中文网 Facebook Twitter RSS Last updated Monday, January 16, 2017 9:17 am GMT+8 Kuala Lumpur 24°C, Rain MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Tech/Gadgets Android Wear 2.0 and standalone apps expected February 2017 Friday January 13, 2017 07:41 PM GMT+8 ICYMI The Edit: Check out VietJet’s ‘gold’ giveaway The Edit: FB to filter fake news in Germany Health Ministry concerned over use of unauthorised abortion pills Ibrahimovic saves United the blushes at home against Liverpool Advertisement More stories                Tools Increase Text Decrease Text Reset Text Print Article Android Wear 2.0 was initially expected in fall 2016. — Picture by Google via AFPSAN FRANCISCO, Jan 13 — Google has announced the upcoming release of its Android Wear 2.0 smartwatch operating system early in February in an email to developers. Initially expected in fall 2016, this OS update is packed with new functions for owners of recent generations of compatible smartwatches. The key new feature is the arrival of standalone applications, which can be installed directly on the wearable and function without connection to a smartphone. There won’t be many of these apps available to try when Android Wear 2.0 launches, but they promise to be particularly useful, with Foursquare (location-based recommendations), Glide (video messaging) and Lifesum (health). The developers’ email goes on to mention a new integrated Play Store for browsing the new applications directly from a wearable, rather than using a smartphone. Android Wear 2.0 brings a new interface with, for example, a reworked notifications system, offering additional content and actions. Plus, Android Wear 2.0 users can enjoy more onscreen info with more options for customising what’s displayed (time, temperature, number of steps, etc.). This version of Android Wear also brings new eagerly awaited interactions, such as a veritable onscreen keyboard and handwriting recognition for writing messages with your finger, for example. As with the smartphone version of Android, Android Wear 2.0 is likely to roll out progressively, coming to different brands and models at different times. Android Wear notably powers the Moto 360, the Huawei Watch, the LG Watch Urbane, the Asus ZenWatch 3 and the Sony SmartWatch 3. Most of these models should be in line for the update. Samsung, on the other hand, has its own in-house operating system called Tizen. The roll-out could also be accompanied by Google’s first own-brand smartwatches, currently known under their codenames “Swordfish” and “Angelfish.” — AFP-Relaxnews                MORE ON MMOTV Most Viewed Now Week Samsung to disclose Note 7 probe results on Jan 23 Facebook announces 'fake news' offensive in Germany E-waste rising dangerously in Asia, UN study shows Nintendo’s Switch to go on sale March 3 for US$300 (VIDEO) WhatsApp vulnerable to snooping, report says As labour force shrinks, China turns to robots WhatsApp vulnerable to snooping, report says Nintendo’s Switch to go on sale March 3 for US$300 (VIDEO) Bionic woman: Chinese robot turns on the charm Get the pink coins! Teens react to ‘Super Mario Run’ (VIDEO) Most Watched Now Week Bloomberg: Farm bugs on your desk and... eat them Reuters Video: Turkey and Russia to invite US to Syria talks, Turkish minister says Reuters Video: ‘Hidden Figures’ tops box office 'Baywatch' international trailer brings back the sexy Reuters Video: Ben Affleck and Sienna Miller on 'Live by Night' sex scenes Reuters Video: Up to 16 people arrested over Kardashian robbery Related Articles Smartwatch sales struggle (VIDEO) Smartwatches banned from Australia Cabinet meetings over hacking fears Google has its own phones. Now it must fix its retail strategy Smartwatches: For fitness freaks and tech geeks only? Samsung unveils bigger Gear S3 smartwatches Advertisement MMO Instagram Tweets by @themmailonline Tweets by @themmailonline MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Copyright © 2017 Malay Mail Online About Us | Contact Us | Policies | Search | Archive | E-Paper | Mobile | ProjekMMO | RecomN - Local Services
International Business Times, India Edition International Business Times, India Edition India US World Business Technology Sports Entertainment Auto Photos Video Search Search Home Technology Smartphones Resurrection Remix custom ROM brings Android Nougat update to OnePlus One [How to install] Here's a tutorial on how to install Android 7.1.1 Nougat-based Resurrection Remix custom ROM on OnePlus One. Rohit KVN   January 13, 2017 16:00 IST Resurrection Remix Android 7.1.1 Nougat custom ROMAndroid via Twitter (screen-shot) OnePlus released the Android 7.0 Nougat-based OxygenOS to its flagship OnePlus 3/3T series a couple of weeks ago, and started working on the software for its predecessor OnePlus 2. But the company has no plans to release the update to the 2014 model — OnePlus One. As per the contract between Google and Android affiliated phone-makers, they have to provide software support for 18 to 24 months only. So OnePlus One is deemed outdated. Also read: Lenovo Android Nougat release schedule news: ZUK Z2, Z2 Pro to get Google's mobile OS v7.0 next week However, OnePlus One owners need not throw their devices just yet. They can still use the latest software by installing custom ROMs. Among them, Resurrection Remix tops the list, since CyanogenMod got shut down last month. Resurrection Remix custom ROM is as good as CyanogenMod. In addition to Android 7.1 Nougat software features, it also comes with some CM 14 attributes, including themes and shortcuts.  OnePlus One owners will be able to experience night mode, bundled notification, improved battery optimisation, multi-window options and numerous other value-added features to enhance user experience. Read more: Android 7.0 Nougat released: 16 key upgrades of Google's new mobile OS update over Marshmallow Prerequisites [Things to remember before installing Custom ROM]: This new Resurrection Remix Android v7.1.1 Nougat custom ROM has to be installed on OnePlus One aka Bacon models only; if tried on other devices, it might brick them [To check your device model: Go to Settings >> About phone >> Model Number] Make sure the device is rooted (Bootloader unlocked) before going forward. [How to unlock Bootloader] Though installing custom ROM improves the device's performance and UI experiences, it makes the company warranty void and it will no longer be liable to provide updates in future [users can restore warranty by flashing the device with stock-ROM]. Installation of custom ROM requires clearing of memory in the smartphone. So make sure to back all the data by installing Clockwork Mod (CWM) Recovery/ TWRP (v3.0.2-0). Make sure you have installed USB drivers on the PC, or else the device will not be recognised by the computer. Make sure your device has more than 80 percent battery, or else there is a chance of the smartphone getting temporarily bricked if the installation process is interrupted mid-way. [Disclaimer: This procedure is very technical and should be performed by a person with sound knowledge of rooting (or manual software installation) Android devices. If the step-by-step installation process is not followed properly, there are chances of the smartphone getting bricked or being permanently irreparable. IBTimes India cannot be held responsible for any damage or claims from readers if the procedure does not yield the required results or if the smartphone is bricked. Hence, users are advised to proceed with caution.] Tutorial: Step-by-step installation procedure of Resurrection Remix Android v7.1.1 Nougat custom ROM on OnePlus One via TWRP recovery method: Step 1: DownloadResurrection Remix Android v7.1.1 Nougat custom ROM and Google Apps on to your PC. [Note: downloadable file links are provided at the bottom] Step 2: Connect OnePlus One to the computer Step 3: Place the Resurrection Remix Android v7.1.1 Nougat custom ROM into the phone's storage memory. [Note: Users are advised to paste the .zip file in the storage root folder, not in any other folder.] Step 4: Turn off device and disconnect it from PC Step 5: Perform Recovery mode sorties by long pressing Volume (Down) + Power buttons Step 6: Once entering the TWRP settings menu, clear phone's memory (full) by selecting 'Wipe' option. Once done, select – 'Swipe to Factory Reset' perform factory reset Step 7: Return to TWRP settings and tap 'Install' by the selecting .Zip file in the phone's memory downloaded from PC Step 8: Come back to TWRP menu setting to approve the installation by tapping 'Swipe to Confirm Flash' Step 9: Flashing of the custom ROM begins and after a few minutes, a message 'Successful' appears on the screen, thus completing installation. Step 10: If faced with boot loop problem, navigate back to TWRP settings, and select 'Wipe cache/dalvik'. This procedure will help resolve any issue with regard to custom ROM installation Downloadable files: Resurrection Remix Android v7.1 Nougat custom ROM: HERE Google Apps: HERE USB driver: HERE [Credits: Resurrection Remix] Related Update OnePlus One with Android Nougat via CyanogenMod CM 14.1 custom ROM Update OnePlus One with Android Nougat update via Pure Nexus Project custom ROM Update OnePlus One to Android Nougat via TugaPower custom ROM Also read Steps to install Android Nougat AOSP ROM on OnePlus One Update OnePlus One with Zephyr Android Marshmallow custom ROM Post Comment IBT TV Close Vodafone Foundation helps save mothers’ and children’s lives in one of the world’s worst HIV hotspots Why advertise with us? Latest News Asus Zenfone 3 Max hands-on full review 13 hours ago By Rohit KVN Automation: How new age machine will replace you and which sectors will be hit hard 14 hours ago By Deependra Jha Editor's Pick Chinese New Year 2017: Here is everything to know about CCTV Spring Festival Gala India to have more jobless in 2017-18: UN report Why advertise with us? most popular Android 7.0 Nougat update schedule for Moto Z Play confirmed Motorola Germany has confirmed in a tweet that Moto Z Play would get Android 7.0 Nougat update soon. Xiaomi Note 4 tipped to release in India next week via Flipkart Unlike the Chinese Redmi Note 4 variant, which houses MediaTek Helio X20 processor, the India-bound Xiaomi phablet model is reported to be equipped with Qualcomm Snapdragon CPU and goes on sale exclusively via Flipkart. Moto G5 tipped to make its debut at MWC 2017 Lenovo-owned Moto is expected launch Nokia 6-rival Moto G5 series on February 26, a day before MWC 2017, Barcelona. Samsung Galaxy J7 (2017) launch imminent as it hits Geekbench Samsung Galaxy J7 (2017) has been seen with model number SM-J727P on Geekbench site and comes with 2GB RAM. Here are the cheats for the new Toddlers update in Sims 4 Sims 4 has a new big update, called Toddlers. Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro arrives but not Galaxy C5 Pro: Will it be released in India? The Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro has appeared on Samsung's Chinese website and it is expected to begin pre-orders on January 16. WWE 2K17 will be available on PC on February 7 WWE 2K17 has already been released on consoles. Asus Zenfone 3 Max hands-on full review Build quality, battery life and camera are key aspects of Asus Zenfone 3 Max Photo Gallery Preity Zinta, Poonam Pandey, Parineeti Chopra, Kriti Sanon, Kajal Aggarwal at 62nd Jio Filmfare Awards Bollywood celebs like Preity Zinta, Poonam Pandey, Parineeti Chopra, Kriti Sanon, Kajal Aggarwal at 62nd Jio Filmfare Awards. Salman Khan, Shah Rukh Khan, Varun Dhawan, Sushant Singh Rajput at 62nd Jio Filmfare Awards Bollywood celebs like Salman Khan, Varun Dhawan, Sushant Singh Rajput and others spotted at 62nd Jio Filmfare Awards. India US World Business Technology Sports Entertainment Auto Photos Video About us Advertise with us Brand Terms of service Privacy & Cookie Policy Permission Syndication Careers Contact Editions: Australia China India Italy Japan Singapore U.K. U.S. © Copyright 2016 International Business Times, India Edition All Rights Reserved. Facebook Twitter Google Plus Pinterest RSS
mirrorLoad mobile navigation News UK News World News Weird News Crime Real Life Stories Health MotoringExpand Politics Sport Football Formula 1 Boxing Cricket Horse Racing Row Zed Rugby Union Other Sports Athletics Cycling Darts MMA WrestlingExpandExpand Football Celebs Celebrity News US Gossip Fashion & Beauty Weird Celeb NewsExpand TV & Film Weird News Technology Money Travel Fashion Mums Quizzes Got a Story? Sign in My Account Sign Out facebook twitter pinterest instagram Offers Fantasy Bingo Dating Jobs BuySell Competitions Horoscopes Psychic Cartoons Crosswords BuySell Find a job Find a home Find a new home Find a local business About Us Contact Us Follow Us Sell Your Story How to Complain Corrections & Clarifications Google Survey Privacy Statement Cookie Policy Terms and Conditions Paper Subscription to the Daily Mirror Paper Subscription to the Sunday Mirror Irish Mirror © 2016 MGN Limited Home News UK News Autism News Mum reveals fighting for her autistic son left her so desperate she Googled 'gentlest ways to die' Cheryl Joyce, 36, has spent the past eight years fighting for her autistic son, Liam - at the expense of her own mental health  Share  Comments BySophie Evans 11:21, 13 JAN 2017 Updated12:35, 13 JAN 2017 News Cheryl Joyce has spent the past eight years fighting for her autistic son, Liam (Photo: Copy Media)  Share  Comments Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing!Could not subscribe, try again laterInvalid Email Sitting down alone at her computer at 2am, after an argument with her husband, Cheryl Joyce felt desperate and completely lost. For eight years, she had desperately fought for her autistic son, Liam, trying to give him the best therapy and childhood possible. But now, she had reached a point where she felt like the only option was to "end it". Staring at the screen at her Merseyside home, the mum-of-three found herself Googling the words: "The gentlest ways to die..." After numerous breakdowns, thoughts of self-harming and feelings of sadness and anger, she says she had finally "had enough". But thankfully, the thought of leaving her young children - something she "couldn't" do - prevented her from 'ending it'. Cheryl, pictured with Liam at a younger age, said battling for her boy left her feeling like she had to "end it" (Photo: Copy Media) The 36-year-old said her son is now at a "wonderful school" (Photo: Copy Media) “I knew I needed help when I found myself Googling ‘the gentlest way to die'," said the 36-year-old. “I had had enough. "I wanted it over with so I wouldn’t have to carry on feeling like I did. Read More 'How my autistic son became one of the VERY few in full-time work after years of bullying and rejection' She added: “I would never regret anything for my son, but years of fighting for Liam almost destroyed me. "I had suffered breakdowns, considered harming myself and then, the only way seemed to be to end it.” It was Cheryl's children, though, who ultimately saved her and kept her going. “I couldn’t leave them,” said the mum, whose struggles had seen her gain two dress sizes, lose friends and become isolated. Cheryl is pictured with Liam, her husband, Tony, and her daughters, Isabella (front) and Summer (Photo: Copy Media) When Liam, now 10, was born in 2006 there was no indication anything was wrong (Photo: Copy Media) “And as I Googled ways to take my life, a verse popped up ‘I have set before you life and death, blessings and curses. 'Now choose life, so that you and your children may live.’ The verse is from Deuteronomy 30:19. She smiled: “I never thought I would have a tattoo, but it inspired me to get one with an angelic symbol meaning ‘Choose Life’. Read More Cervical cancer victim dies aged 25 after begging for smear test 20 times “I’m not sure whether the tattoo was more to remind me what I had to do, or a need to feel something. I knew it was wrong to self-harm, to cut myself, but I just needed to feel something, anything, even if it was the sting of a tattooist’s needle.” Cheryl had only ever wanted the best for Liam, who was diagnosed with autism when he was three years old. But her battle for her adorable boy came with a cost - her own mental health. Liam met all of his milestones; could name shapes, colours and numbers and had a great memory (Photo: Copy Media) However, the youngster then regressed and was diagnosed with a severe form of autism (Photo: Copy Media) When Liam, now 10, was born in 2006 there was no indication anything was wrong. He was meeting all his milestones; could name shapes, colours and numbers and had a great memory. “We thought we had a little genius on our hands,” said Cheryl. “But then he regressed and it was like Liam had been taken away and replaced by another child. "He was eventually diagnosed with a severe form of autism. "I remember feeling like the world was attacking me. I was emotional and angry, and was upsetting everyone around me. “I had an emotional breakdown when I found myself kicking off at a policeman who said I had a bad attitude, which is not me. "But I felt I had completely lost my identity.” Cheryl managed to get herself well with counselling sessions. Cheryl said she had an emotional breakdown and "kicked off" at a police officer (Photo: Copy Media) She got to the point where she and her husband, Tony, wanted to have another baby, partly because they wanted a sibling for Liam. But she ended up raising a newborn, Isabella, at the same time as she was trying to toilet train a four-year- old son, and deal with his sleep and communication issues. Cheryl said she ended up feeling "exhausted' and like a "complete failure", with Liam only sleeping for about two hours every night. Read More Little boy who cried BLOOD because of horrifying eye-bulging condition which blinded him gets miracle cure "I asked for help from the disability social worker but was refused as they said his sleep problems were expected for a child of his age," she claimed. "I became severely depressed, not wanting to go out, not getting dressed. "My job as a government procurement manager was about solving problems – why couldn’t I solve this one?” "My job as a government procurement manager was about solving problems – why couldn’t I solve this one?” asked the mum (Photo: Copy Media) After more counselling, Cheryl decided to return to work to give her something else to focus on. She added: “A few months later, we found a therapy that actually helped Liam, Applied Behavioural Analysis (ABA). "On his very first session the therapist got him saying 100 words, including mummy and daddy, and helping with other skills such as toileting. "It gave me hope but was very expensive, costing £60 an hour for a qualified therapist and £7.50-£15 per hour for tutors." Cheryl said she and Tony fundraised to help pay for the therapy - and some of the costs for school were covered by the council. However, she said the couple had to pay for the costs at home - something that became difficult following a change in work situation. "During this time, my husband was made redundant and had to change job, taking a significant drop in pay, which meant the pressure of paying for Liam’s therapy and keeping a roof over our heads fell to me," she said. Cheryl said a therapy called Applied Behavioural Analysis (ABA) helped her son (Photo: Copy Media) “When, in 2011, I fell pregnant with our third child, Summer – unexpectedly - my mental well-being plummeted further. "This time I needed medication as I was starting to have harmful thoughts and every time I tried to come off them, I couldn’t cope. “And, as much as the antidepressants help with the sadness, they suppress the happiness too. "I looked around at my beautiful family, the progress Liam had made, I couldn’t feel anything. Read More Mum-of-four dies days after well-wishers raise £57,000 to fly her abroad for life-saving cancer treatment "I gained two dress sizes, struggled to maintain myself at work, lost friends and became isolated as people didn’t understand my behaviour. "I tried to come off the tablets again… and that’s when I thought it would be easier if I wasn’t here.” Cheryl started writing three years ago as an escape from the pressures and challenges of daily life (Photo: Copy Media) Cheryl had previously arranged for Liam to undergo biomedical treatment, a combination of diet, nutritional supplements and detoxification. However, this was also expensive, involving tests and consultations with nutritional therapists that cost the youngster's parents at least £170. Cheryl said there were a number of other potential therapies that she and Tony were unable to consider due to the price. The mum started writing three years ago as an escape from the pressures and challenges of daily life. She has recently self-published a novel, The Grass is Darker, about a modern day woman, Danielle, a wife, a mother and a businesswoman, and her struggle with everyday life. Like many, Danielle thinks an affair is the answer. “I needed to write the book to prove to myself I wasn’t a failure," said Cheryl. The mum-of-three says she is "cross" that she has had to fight for what is best for Liam every day since his diagnosis (Photo: Copy Media) "To remind me of the strength I have inside. That although sometimes I feel weak, at other times I feel invincible. “This sort of stress can destroy marriages too but, thankfully, it brought Tony and I closer together – we go for walks up Snowdon to remind ourselves that we are strong and we have a life worth living. “The battle goes on with Liam but we have now found a wonderful school for him where he can go until he is 25. "I will never feel angry or bitter towards my boy, but I am cross that every day since he was diagnosed I have had to fight for what is best for him and that shouldn’t happen. I paid with my own health and that can’t be right.” The Grass is Darker by Cheryl Joyce is available as an ebook from Amazon , priced £2.28, or as a hardback, £9.97 Like us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Daily Newsletter Follow @DailyMirror Subscribe to our Daily newsletterEnter emailSubscribe Comments Show more comments More On Autism Parenting Mental health Asperger’s syndrome News all Most Read Most Recent International Space StationMystery flashing lights speed past International Space Station - before astronaut 'hides evidence from camera with HAND' UFO fanatics say we are not alone in the universe and that astronauts are trying to hide it Sex robotsWoman reveals what it's like to make love to a lifelike robot male sex doll Single gal Karley Sciortino said: "With a doll you can learn how to make sex work for you – trying out speeds and angles" Lightning strikesTerror at 2,000ft: Bolt of lightning strikes passenger plane mid-air in front of horrified onlookers The plane was struck by a lightning bolt as it left Moscow's International Airport   Snow"Hand yourself in": Police issue wanted appeal for BBC weather forecaster after promised snow doesn't arrive PNSI urged BBC Belfast weatherman Barra Best: "Hand yourself in." EasyJetEasyJet air hostess sacked after eating £4.50 bacon sandwich given to her by manager on flight Shannon Gleeson ate the baguette because she had a nut allergy and had not been able to find safe food to eat Meghan MarkleHalf-brother of Prince Harry's girlfriend Meghan Markle apologises and says he's seeking help after gun arrest Thomas Markle Jr, 50, has promised to get help for his drinking problem Energy billsCouple launch their own energy company after getting fed up of Big Six suppliers David Pike and Karin Sode blasted existing suppliers for a lack of transparency and are hoping to raise £450,000 to help get their own firm up and running UK NewsWealthy Premier League football clubs blasted for neglecting disabled fans MPs said it was “completely unacceptable” that top clubs were still not offering decent seating and facilities for people with disabilities BillionairesTop eight richest men worth more than HALF of the world's population An analysis by Oxfam finds the eight multibillionaires have a combined fortune of $426billion SchoolsSchools face drastic cuts in funding crisis worse than the NHS Shock figures show how virtually every school in England will be worse off under Tory funding plans Most Read Most Recent International Space StationMystery flashing lights speed past International Space Station - before astronaut 'hides evidence from camera with HAND' UFO fanatics say we are not alone in the universe and that astronauts are trying to hide it Sex robotsWoman reveals what it's like to make love to a lifelike robot male sex doll Single gal Karley Sciortino said: "With a doll you can learn how to make sex work for you – trying out speeds and angles" George MichaelPolice hunt for George Michael's mystery visitors seen outside his home before star's death Cops widen search as they try to trace the owners of cars seen arriving at his house in the run-up to his death Binky FelsteadBinky Felstead pregnant with Josh 'JP' Patterson's baby - but they're still not officially a couple The on-off Made In Chelsea couple are expecting their first child together WWEWWE's Jimmy Superfly Snuka dies just weeks after being ruled unfit to stand trial over 'girlfriend's murder' Snuka was living in hospice care and was told in late 2016 that he had just months to live ViralCare worker's emotional Facebook post calling on the government to respect the elderly and her profession goes viral Carer Jessica Gentry's post sparked a phenomenal response and quickly went viral with more than 388,000 reactions Katy PerryKaty Perry debuts blonde hair at boyfriend Orlando Bloom's 40th birthday celebrations The pop babe threw a birthday bash for her man in Palm Springs over the weekend Manchester United FCJose Mourinho uses correct Paul Pogba handball call against Liverpool to complain about Man United penalty woes The Red Devils boss didn't dispute the call by Michael Oliver but still made his feelings known about how spot kicks have fallen for his side this season Meghan MarkleHalf-brother of Prince Harry's girlfriend Meghan Markle apologises and says he's seeking help after gun arrest Thomas Markle Jr, 50, has promised to get help for his drinking problem Quiz CrosswordQuiz Crossword - 16th January 2017 You can check the solution for today's Quiz crossword by calling 0900 586 2571 (61p/min) RoI 1550 999 301 (€0.95/min) Top Stories NightclubsFriends shamed for 'abandoning' drunk woman outside nightclub with no money 'because she was an inconvenience' The woman was left behind after she got so drunk that she was refused entry into the club Happy ValleyHappy Valley's Katherine Kelly on her baby joy - and why she kept it a secret The former Coronation Street star welcomed her second daughter, Rose, three months ago, but decided to keep it private until now ExtraditionMajor Tory donor arrested over alleged £100million VAT scam - and faces extradition to Germany Peter Singh Virdee was held at Heathrow and  prosecutors allege he was one of the “central organisers” of a criminal plot to defraud authorities of VAT UK NewsWealthy Premier League football clubs blasted for neglecting disabled fans MPs said it was “completely unacceptable” that top clubs were still not offering decent seating and facilities for people with disabilities Call The MidwifeCall The Midwife creators reveal why new series deals with big issues like FGM and domestic violence The sixth series of the BBC1 show will also tackle dwarfism, Down’s Syndrome, dementia and homosexuality, show bosses have said NHS in crisis999 patients are waiting up to 10 hours in A&E queues before they can be booked in One paramedic, who asked not to be named, said: “It’s gone from bad to worse. Outside some A&Es you’ll see six to 12 ambulances queueing up” West Yorkshire PoliceFirst picture of man 'stabbed to death' in own home as woman arrested on suspicion of murder Tributes have been paid to Dave Butterfield, whose death has left family and friends devastated Kim KardashianKim Kardashian's Paris robbery stolen jewellery items totalling £8.5m revealed in FULL The robbers raided the reality star's jewellery box and made off with around £8.5m worth of items Donald TrumpDonald Trump promises to keep his Twitter account as CIA director warns him posts are national security risk Trump said he enjoys making statements on Twitter because he's been covered 'dishonestly' by the media DogsPuppy swallows 14cm long spoon 'like spaghetti' and vets have to operate to remove it Labrador Theodore snatched the spoon from a worktop but luckily suffered no lasting effetcs EasyJetEasyJet air hostess sacked after eating £4.50 bacon sandwich given to her by manager on flight Shannon Gleeson ate the baguette because she had a nut allergy and had not been able to find safe food to eat Car crashesBritish tourists injured in horror crash as bus plummets down steep hill and flips onto side in creek At least one of the victims was partially submerged in water after the bus hurtled down the 32ft bank News Politics Football Sport Celebs TV & Film Weird News Quizzes Technology Money Travel Fashion Mums Motoring Follow us facebook twitter pinterest instagram BuySell Find a job Find a home Find a new home Find a local business About Us Contact Us Follow Us Sell Your Story How to Complain Corrections & Clarifications Google Survey Privacy Statement Cookie Policy Terms and Conditions Paper Subscription to the Daily Mirror Paper Subscription to the Sunday Mirror Irish Mirror © 2016 MGN Limited This website uses cookies. Using this website means you are okay with this but you can find out more and learn how to manage your cookie choices here.Close cookie policy overlay
Home Business All Companies Enterprise Comms Start-ups Discovery All Innovation Machines Earth Science Careers All Advice People Employers Jobs Life All Trending Gear Play Video All More Subscribe Advertise About Contact us BUSINESS DISCOVERY CAREERS LIFE VIDEO MORE Tweet Share Email ALL COMPANIES ENTERPRISE COMMS START-UPS It’s time to return the hamburger menu to sender Brexit’s drying up of talent pool a major worry in UK Win tickets to Inspirefest 2017 – and an added surprise Last few super early bird tickets available for Inspirefest 2017 Hazel Moore: Banks are completely wasting valuable customer data The danger of pushing design decisions downstream Weekend takeaway: Super, scientific, bright, young things Is Google planning a 400-job expansion for Dublin? Leaders’ Insights: Aisling Curtis, Microsoft Ireland Apple will soon have earned $1trn from iOS devices since 2007 Android Wear 2.0 out soon, ahead of two new smartwatch releases Samsung says 96pc of all Galaxy Note7 devices have been returned The five-minute CIO: Richard Corbridge, HSE Backdoor found in WhatsApp encryption that allows snooping (updated) iPhone cracking firm Cellebrite has been hacked Fortress Europe: EU transport networks vulnerable to cyberattacks Users beware: Your browser’s autofill opens you up to phishing danger Adobe and Microsoft release wave of 2017 security patches Google ditches internet-supplying drone project, sticks with balloons SFI-funded team named as part of €5m EU 5G broadband project New EU telecoms privacy rules will hit Facebook and Google in pocket Nokia to develop 5G in France through R&D pact with B-com State of the Irish broadband nation 2017: Let’s declare broadband access a human right €2.2m scheme to bring 26,000 Irish citizens into the digital world Fintech start-up Flender achieves £500,000 crowdfunding target Drone start-up ceases operations despite €34m in pre-orders Opsh founders step aside, citing a ‘notoriously difficult investment chasm’ New Irish start-up fund seeking entrepreneurs from ‘all sectors’ Start-up Advice: Síofra Flood, consultant COO and general counsel Venture capital stalled: Deals and dollars plummet in 2016 ALL INNOVATION MACHINES EARTH SCIENCE Doodling and maths: A matter of black and white Can you divide up the music budget evenly using maths? Ireland’s Edge line-up revealed ahead of Dingle STEAM showcase A game of two halves, but maths will be the real winner Can you logic your way to €1m? Lies, Boolean logic and crime scenes: Chapter One BTYSTE day 4: Young scientists use Lego and deep neural networks to solve problems The future is secure in the hands of 2017’s Young Scientist winner BTYSTE day 3: Li-Fi, tractor safety and an investigation of HPV vaccine side effects Physics industry worth €38bn per year to Irish economy, claims body Watch: Ruby seadragons filmed in the wild for first time Rogue 9: New simulation suggests distant origin of ‘Planet 9’ Och AI: Will machines ever really decipher Scottish or Irish accents? IoT global round-up: China hits the road, 5G studies speed up EU backs report calling for robot civil law, but also kill switches Why storing renewable energy is critical US fighter jets drop self-healing micro-drones in field test Beijing KFC using facial recognition tech to predict your order How many people could live on Earth? Forget a climate shift in centuries, more like decades, climatologists claim WeForest doubles crowdfunding target to empower Indian village World awaits birth of ‘baby dragons’ in Slovenia Gold and platinum discovered in south-east Irish streams The bees are still in trouble, so we are too ALL ADVICE PEOPLE EMPLOYERS JOBS What will career development look like in 2017? Law Society of Ireland launches course on social media Find out how your companies’ diversity programmes are working out ICT sector will see pay increases and bonuses in 2017 Are tech professionals the most mobile workforce in the world? Is 2017 the year to make a change in your career? We can help 8 ways you can manage your time better 4 ways to make sure your skills are future-proof How to build your confidence before an interview Project management in the 21st century 10 simple steps to help you get a pay rise So you want to be an astronaut Head Stemette Anne-Marie Imafidon honoured with MBE Is unconscious bias keeping you from the best talent? Learn how to combat it Video game developer Brianna Wu plans to run for US Congress Designing a runway revolution: ‘To go viral, you need a virus’ 10 Twitter influencers you need to follow for expert career advice 30 incredible Irish people leading a European invasion Aerie Pharmaceuticals is to create 50 new jobs in Athlone What kind of UX jobs can I get? Amazon to deliver 100,000 new US jobs in the next 18 months Video sharing start-up Overcast to create 70 jobs at Irish HQ Does cybersecurity have the most dangerous talent gap? Salaries set to rise in Ireland as IT and pharma sectors continue to grow ALL GEAR PLAY TRENDING Deaths in 2016 dominated Wikipedia’s top 10 list of edits this year Twitter tweaks tweets: Search results to be displayed by relevance Facebook will now notify you when it thinks you’re looking at fake news Facebook creates Parents Portal to help keep children safe online 2016 Google Year in Search: What did Ireland search this year? ISPCC warning: ‘Cyber safety is the child protection issue of our time’ Consumer Reports recommends MacBook Pro again after bug fix WhatsApp’s arduous path to GIF support nears completion HTC U Ultra and U Play phones a notable shift for flagging company Razer triple-screen laptop prototypes stolen from CES Kingston crams 2TB of storage into single USB thumb drive Possible Apple ‘theatre mode’ could help people use phones in cinemas Irish release date for Nintendo Switch revealed, but price could be an issue Harry’s back and he’s all fired up with ‘PizzaBot: Reheated’ Netflix arrives as an app on Virgin TV boxes with 6-month offer Fallout 4 fan spots peculiar stock footage in a CNN Russian hack story 15 fantastic shows to binge on over the holidays Social saves the radio star: Facebook reveals Live Audio platform ’Tis the season: Google celebrates with festive Doodles First day of winter celebrated with solstice Google Doodle 5 last-minute stocking fillers for Christmas Where was every Star Wars movie filmed? This map reveals all Trump, Enda, Brady and Bowie dominate Facebook in 2016 Adele and Conor McGregor star in top trending videos of 2016 ALL Competitive Start Fund can be a turning point for start-ups Look what a little love for Irish research can achieve Poornima Vijayashanker on why it’s good to be the ‘token’ in the boardroom Diverse teams at PwC offer great learning opportunities Help Huawei create the video of the future Marketing’s greatest trick is embracing storytelling ADVERTISE SUBSCRIBE CONTACT ABOUT COMMS Google ditches internet-supplying drone project, sticks with balloons by Gordon Hunt 2 days ago11 Shares Image: sdecoret/Shutterstock Google X has shut down its internet-drone project Titan, pinning all its hopes on balloons in the sky, a divergent path from rival Facebook. Three years after it bought Titan Aerospace, a maker of high-altitude solar-powered drones attracting serious interest from Facebook, Google has now washed its hands of it. In early 2016, after two years of significant testing, the company decided that drones were not the best way to deliver internet capabilities to every corner of the globe, breaking up Titan and spreading its 50-strong workforce throughout the rest of Alphabet. “The team from Titan was brought into X in late 2015. We ended our exploration of high-altitude UAVs for internet access shortly after,” an X spokesperson said. That means there is one less project looking to fill our skies with internet providers, though Google remains at the forefront with Project Loon, which is attempting to fill the skies with drone balloons providing internet throughout the globe. The project is already powering ahead with testing. “At this stage, the economics and technical feasibility of Project Loon present a much more promising way to connect rural and remote parts of the world,” said the X spokesperson. “Many people from the Titan team are now using their expertise as part of other high-flying projects at X, including Loon and Project Wing.” Google also owns a stake in SpaceX, which is looking to use a series of small, low-cost satellites to achieve the same thing. Samsung is looking to get in on the action, with 4,600 low-orbit satellites thought to be the way forward for the South Korean company. Richard Branson is backing OneWeb’s project, which is quite similar to Samsung’s plans. Back on the drone planes side of things, Facebook, which tried buying Titan before Google, is working on its own version. It successfully tested out a variation in the UK last year. Called the Aquila project, Facebook’s 130ft-long aircraft will, should it work, circle in the upper atmosphere, using lasers to broadcast data down to base stations on the ground. Related: Google, Project Loon, interenet, Facebook Gordon Hunt is a journalist at Siliconrepublic.com editorial@siliconrepublic.com You May Also Like You May Also Like Business Google, Oracle and Amazon bet big on conversational commerce 23 Sep 201630 Shares Hiring Now Help develop the future of sales and trading Work smarter, live better Join us to create the technology of tomorrow Informing, entertaining and connecting the world Play Allo, Allo? Google brings AI to battle against WhatsApp 21 Sep 20169 Shares Comms Digicel has found a new way to tackle the OTTs 25 Nov 2016885 Shares SUBSCRIBE TO OUR E-ZINE Sign up to receive weekly alerts bringing the best of Siliconrepublic.com straight to your inbox. Submit Email Companies Germany to fine Facebook €500,000 per fake news story 20 Dec 2016102 Shares Machines Is the goal of democratising AI just a pipe dream? 29 Sep 20167 Shares Life Check out brilliant hidden games on Google and Facebook 28 Sep 20166 Shares Latest News BTYSTE day 4: Young scientists use Lego and deep neural networks to solve problems 23 hours ago Och AI: Will machines ever really decipher Scottish or Irish accents? 1 day ago The future is secure in the hands of 2017’s Young Scientist winner 1 day ago BTYSTE day 3: Li-Fi, tractor safety and an investigation of HPV vaccine side effects 1 day ago Weekend takeaway: Super, scientific, bright, young things 1 day ago The five-minute CIO: Richard Corbridge, HSE 1 day ago Physics industry worth €38bn per year to Irish economy, claims body 1 day ago Fintech start-up Flender achieves £500,000 crowdfunding target 1 day ago 8 ways you can manage your time better 1 day ago Watch: Ruby seadragons filmed in the wild for first time 1 day ago IoT global round-up: China hits the road, 5G studies speed up 1 day ago Backdoor found in WhatsApp encryption that allows snooping (updated) 1 day ago Aerie Pharmaceuticals is to create 50 new jobs in Athlone 1 day ago What will career development look like in 2017? 2 days ago Rogue 9: New simulation suggests distant origin of ‘Planet 9’ 2 days ago Irish release date for Nintendo Switch revealed, but price could be an issue 2 days ago Consumer Reports recommends MacBook Pro again after bug fix 2 days ago TCD researcher Sabina Brennan puts brain health on the radar 2 days ago Google ditches internet-supplying drone project, sticks with balloons 2 days ago Is Google planning a 400-job expansion for Dublin? 2 days ago What kind of UX jobs can I get? 2 days ago The future is bright for these 25 amazing young scientists 2 days ago Drone start-up ceases operations despite €34m in pre-orders 2 days ago iPhone cracking firm Cellebrite has been hacked 2 days ago More from Business Latest News Home About Contact Advertise Subscribe Privacy Policy All content copyright 2002-2017 Silicon Republic Knowledge & Events Management Ltd. Reproduction without explicit permission is prohibited. All rights reserved. Designed by Zero-G and Square1.io Silicon Republic Cookies Policy Our Website uses cookies to improve your experience. Please visit our Privacy Policy page for more information about cookies and how we use them. Close
Go Monday 16 January 2017 News Nigeria Africa World Metro NLC chief warns foreign oil firms against disrespect of labour laws 35 mins ago  Nigeria Opinion Editorial Columnists Cartoons If vengeance is divine, defence is human 1 day ago  Columnists Business Appointments Business News Business RoundUp Industry Aviation Capital Market Communications Energy DrillBytes Maritime SweetCrude Infrastructure Money Traders attribute scarcity of oranges to multiple taxation, strike by wholesalers 1 day ago  Business News Technology Gadgets Telecoms Social Media Technology Microsoft buys into Canada’s AI research with purchase of Maluuba 10 mins ago  Technology Sport Football Boxing Athletics Tennis Golf Aston Villa set to loan Cissokho to Olympiakos 1 day ago  Football Arts Arts Art House Artfolk Revue Film Literature Music Theatre Visual Arts Tribal marks on children, infringement on human rights 1 day ago  Arts Features Policy & Politics BusinessAgro Education Executive Motoring Executive Briefs Focus Friday Worship Law Media Science Youth Speak How to prevent cardiovascular diseases 1 day ago 1  Natural Health More Sections Property Environment Mortgage Finance Real Estate Urban Development Guardian Woman Entrepreneurship GW Fiction Personality Issues WIMBIZ Saturday Magazine Youth Magazine Just Human Life & Style Love & Life Transition Travel & Tourism Celebrity Brand Intelligence Gardening Weekend Beats Sunday Magazine Ibru Ecumenical Centre Campus CityFile News Feature Living Healthy Diet Living Wellbeing Newspeople Aspire By Zenith News  |  Nigeria   Google honours late Nigerian novelist Flora Nwapa By Tonye Bakare   |   13 January 2017   |   10:27 am Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google+ Share on LinkedIn Share via Email A Google Doodle dedicated to the celebration Flora Nwapa’s 86th posthumous birthday. Nwapa was born on January 13, 1931. She died on October 16, 1993. PHOTO: GOOGLE On her 86th posthumous birthday, late Nigerian novelist Flora Nwanzuruahu Nwapa is being celebrated by tech giant Google with a doodle. Doodles are changes made to the Google logo to celebrate holidays, anniversaries, and the lives of famous artists, pioneers, and scientists. Nwapa’s Efuru, published in 1966 was the first book published in English by an African woman, coming just 8 years after Chinua Achebe’s groundbreaking Things Fall Apart. She was also first female commissioner of the then East Central State. But in spite of her landmark achievements in African literature as a frontrunner for female writers and the critical engagements in her books, she is less regarded compared to her male contemporaries such as Achebe, Wole Soyinka and John Pepper Clark. Though she did not label herself a feminist, but some of her works tell stories of the Igbo traditional society from the perspectives of the woman. “Flora Nwapa not only gives women voice in the work, she equally makes a persuasive case for women as eminently capable of contributing to the development of their societies like their male counterparts,” Ademola Adesola a doctoral student at the Department of English Studies, Obafemi Awolowo University wrote in an article published by the Guardian in December 2016. The impact of Nwapa’s achievements is not lost on her family either. Last year, the family through Flora Nwapa Foundation celebrated the 50th anniversary of the publication of her magnus opus Efuru. The foundation, Nwapa’s son, Uzoma Nwakuche said, would be dedicated to further popularising her exemplary work in literature and women advocacy. “Flora Nwapa Foundation will promote her legacy, promote African women literature, encourage young, aspiring female writers and promote the essence of Flora Nwapa’s work – the dignity and economic independence of women whose roles in traditional society are, sometimes, threatened or unappreciated,” Nwakuche said. Flora Nwapa was born on January 13, 1931, in Oguta, Oguta Local Government Area of Imo State, Nigeria. She attended Oguta CMS Central School, Archdeacon Crowder Memorial Girls School, Elelenwo, Rivers State; CMS Girls Grammar School, Lagos, and Queens College, Yaba, Lagos in 1951-52. She then proceeded to the University College Ibadan ( now University of Ibadan) in 1953, where she graduated with Bachelors Degree in Art (BA) in 1957. The following year, she went to the University of Edinburgh, Scotland and finished with a Diploma in education. Upon her return to Nigeria in 1959, her initial work experience started as an educational officer in Calabar, Cross River State and later went to Queens School, Enugu, where she taught English and Geography. Between 1962 and 1964, she was the assistant registrar (Public Relations) at the University of Lagos. In 1965, she went into a professional career in writing, which projected her and Igbo women into the international scene, when her first novel, Efuru, was published in 1966.It was followed by the novels Idu (1967), Never Again (1975), One is Enough (1981) and Women Are Different (1986). When the Nigerian Civil War over Biafra broke out, Flora and her family fled Lagos for East Central State, and from 1970-1971, she was appointed the first female Commissioner of Health and Social Welfare for the East Central State. Apart from novels, Nwapa also wrote poems, short stories and children books. Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google+ Share on LinkedIn Share via Email In this article: EfuruFlora Nwapa prince I read one of her book back in School. She was such a good writer. May her soul continue to rest in Peace. Ogbonnaya Okike May her SOUL rest in perfect PEACE. She made all of us to be proud. OSHIOMHOLE, UGLY_ APE_JNR Nigeria celebrates Boko Haram, and not progress You may also like Samsung heir returns home after marathon bribery questioning 3 days ago  World World’s jobless to rise amid economic uncertainty 3 days ago  World Troops arrest 4 fleeing Boko Haram 3 days ago  Nigeria More   Football Aston Villa set to loan Cissokho to Olympiakos 1 day ago   West Ham misfit Zaza joins Valencia on loan 1 day ago   Algeria vs Zimbabwe: Mahrez's brace earns Desert Foxes draw against Warriors 1 day ago   Ibrahimovic rescues Man Utd in Liverpool draw 1 day ago   Get the latest news and analysis of issues from Nigeria, Africa and around the world, direct into your inbox, daily Subscribe Now Top News Nigeria Africa World Metro Opinion Editorial Columnists Cartoons Business Appointments Business News Business RoundUp Industry Aviation Capital Market Communications Energy DrillBytes Maritime SweetCrude Infrastructure Money Technology Gadgets Telecoms Social Media Technology Sport Football Boxing Athletics Tennis Golf Arts Arts Art House Artfolk Revue Film Literature Music Theatre Visual Arts Features Policy & Politics BusinessAgro Education Executive Motoring Executive Briefs Focus Friday Worship Law Media Science Youth Speak Property Environment Mortgage Finance Real Estate Urban Development Guardian Woman Entrepreneurship GW Fiction Personality Issues WIMBIZ Saturday Magazine Youth Magazine Just Human Life & Style Love & Life Transition Travel & Tourism Celebrity Brand Intelligence Gardening Weekend Beats Sunday Magazine Ibru Ecumenical Centre Campus CityFile News Feature Living Healthy Diet Living Wellbeing Newspeople Aspire By Zenith Guardian TV News Opinion Fashion Sport Entertainment Science & Tech GTV Exclusive Guardian Life Home Lifestyle Showbiz Trending LS Diaries On The Cover The Guardian Home About Us Advertise With Us |     Powered by Ventra Copyright © 2017 Guardian Newspapers. All Rights Reserved.
Home Reviews Phones Tablets Apps Devices Deals Tip Us Search Android Community Home Reviews Phones Tablets Apps Devices Deals Tip Us Updated Google Maps app gets more service providers, full Uber service integration By Rei Padla - January 13, 2017 0 Share on Facebook Tweet on Twitter Google continues to improve its many apps and services regularly. We don’t think the Google Maps app will end anytime soon or ever because it is very useful. It can be integrated with a lot of other services and features. It received new ride services last year to provide riders and commuters accurate information for their travels. Ride services were released in the United States first and then rolled out in other countries as well. Booking a ride from Google Maps can be done directly on the mobile app. With the ride service integration, more people are able to get to their destinations faster. The app is one convenient way of bringing information that are relevant to most riders and drivers. Google has been working on some changes to the app and service recently so don’t be surprised if you see more ride service options the next time you open the Google Maps app. With the update, you can also see more actionable information that are useful. There’s the open ride services mode you can choose that will now show a familiar map together with a carousel of ride service providers available in your area. This is actually new since previously, you can only see a long list of service providers. To see ride options, promotions, and special offers, you may also tap on one provider to view. Like most people we know, we believe Uber is one of your frequently used apps. In case you didn’t know, you can now book a ride directly within Google Maps. In the coming days, you will soon be able to pay for an Uber ride right on the Google Maps. You won’t need to get out of the app just to check your Uber status or make a payment. Actually, you can soon use your Uber account even when you don’t have the Uber app on your phone. Being on the Google Maps app will be enough because of the new and improved service integration. It’s one very convenient way to using Google Maps because your favorite app has just been integrated and in a major way at that. As long as you have an Uber account and Google Maps, those two are enough. If you’re traveling to a new destination, you can also check out more information about it while on your way. You’ll see more details about the destination so you can be familiar with it even before you get there. SOURCE: The Keyword Story Timeline Google Maps now has blue beam for more accurate directions New Google Maps voice commands added for a total hands-free experience Google Calendar events now visible on Google Maps Google Map Maker to be no more, "graduates" to Google Maps Google Maps to add wheelchair-friendly information TAGS Android Apps Google Google Maps Uber Rei Padla Must Read HTC U Ultra, U Play hands-on: putting “U” at the center 15 best Android games of 2016, which means you should try these if you haven’t already Top 20 Android Apps for 2016 Stay Connected 883,798FansLike 136,292FollowersFollow 102,861FollowersFollow 472,839FollowersFollow 59,955SubscribersSubscribe About Contact Terms of Use Privacy Policy Advertise © 2008 - 2017 Android Community - Part of R3 Media LLC
x This website uses cookies to improve your experience. Continue if you are OK with this or read more in our privacy policy.  Home About Contact Subscribe Login Home News Copyright Trademarks TBO Patents Jurisdiction Reports Directory Events Annual archive Subscribe Leaders Google faces fraud accusations over ‘Content ID’ trademark 13-01-2017 1000 Words / Shutterstock.com Other related USPTO reveals new patent and TM advisory committee members 11-01-2017 Deadmau5 files TM cancellation suit over ‘Meowingtons’ 03-01-2017 INTA and EFF back The Slants in amicus briefs at SCOTUS 19-12-2016 Audible Magic has taken on Google at the US Patent and Trademark Office (USPTO), disputing the ownership of YouTube’s ‘Content ID’ trademark. The provider of digital fingerprinting and automated content recognition (ACR) solutions filed a petition for cancellation on Tuesday, January 10. It alleged that Google had committed fraud in “the prosecution of the application and in the procurement of the registration of the mark”, and that the mark should be cancelled. In 2013, Google filed the subject application and provided a signed declaration that it is the owner of the mark and that, to the best of its “knowledge and belief”, no other person/company had the right to use the mark, according to Audible Magic. The ACR provider has now asserted that Google knew that the first use of the trademark was made by Audible Magic and that it was the rightful owner. Consequently, when making the declaration, Google knew its statements were false, Audible Magic claimed. According to the petition, Audible Magic has used the ‘Content ID’ mark to identify its audio and video content detection and recognition services since 2006. Audio Magic added that its ‘Content ID’ system is “highly useful” in protecting music, TV content and films from copyright infringement and online pirating. To “rectify its pirating problem and mollify the entertainment industries”, YouTube turned to Audible Magic. YouTube’s copyright management system, Content ID, is designed to look for evidence of potential copyright infringement. In October 2006, the parties signed an agreement granting YouTube a licence to use Audible Magic’s services for detecting registered audio and video files, verifying content IDs and ownership, and alerting rights owners to any unauthorised uses of content. Google acquired YouTube shortly after this, and the agreement was transferred to Google. Three years later, in December 2009, the agreement was terminated and all intellectual property rights in ‘Content ID’ reverted to Audible Magic, said the petition. The ACR provider claimed that Google has attempted to gain ownership of the mark by registering it with the USPTO and claiming exclusive use. The trademark was granted in December 2014. “According to the date of first use claimed in Google’s registration, Google asserts that it first used the mark … on August 27, 2008,” said the petition. Audible Magic claimed it first used the mark in March 2006, “well before the claimed first use of the mark by Google”. “Content ID is fundamentally about protecting against unauthorised use of copyrighted works and to have a company usurp our trademark for its own use and registration undermines their ability to be trusted to have the proper motivations in protecting third-party IP rights,” said Vance Ikezoye, co-founder and CEO of Audible Magic. He added: “Even more egregious is that Google has reportedly generated billions of dollars in revenues under a trademark that we rightfully own.” A YouTube spokesperson said: "We've owned the trademark and built the brand around Content ID for years. There is no merit to this complaint." Did you enjoy reading this story? Sign up to our free daily newsletters and get stories like this sent straight to your inbox.   USPTO, YouTube, Google, cancellation, trademark, fraud, Audible Magic, copyright infringement, piracy Editor's Picks Most read Nokia squares off against Apple in series of patent suits Australia should adopt fair use exception, says Productivity Commission Best practices for IPR proceedings and real party in interest Taobao named on USTR’s 2016 Notorious Markets list Teaching robots copyright Google faces fraud accusations over ‘Content ID’ trademark Viacom claims victory in Spongebob Squarepants TM spat The Carpenters sue Universal Music Group in unpaid royalties suit Jo Johnson chosen as new UK IP minister Maria Pallante to head Association of American Publishers Sign up for the newsletter Newsletter Your email * Links Home News Directory About Contact Privacy Policy Terms of Use Terms of Subscription WIPR Newton Media Ltd Kingfisher House 21-23 Elmfield Road Bromley BR1 1LT United Kingdom Email: info@newtonmedia.co.uk Follow @WorldIPReview Tweets by @WorldIPReview
Please enable javascript for best view and rich features! Please Try again! Login / Register | Logout Gizmodo Indiamodo News Gadgets Science Design Software WTF Gallery Gizmodo X Login / Register | Logout Indiamodo News Gadgets Science Design Software WTF Gallery expand Ride and pay for your Uber straight from Google Maps Subhrojit Mallick Jan 13, 2017, 02.11 PM IST FacebookTwitterGoogle+LinkedinReddit UberImage Credit Booking an Uber now doesn't even need the app to be installed. If you have Google Maps on your phone you can book and pay for an Uber straight from Google Maps thanks to a new Google Maps and Uber integration. And the feature will be available to users all across the world for both Android and iOS. Google Maps did allow you to book an Uber or an Ola through the app, but it directs the user to the app to complete the process. To enable Uber booking on Google Maps, you need to sign-in to your Uber account on Google Maps, even if you don't have the app installed. You can also track your Uber driver on the map and contact the driver within the app. This integration is only exclusive to Uber. Integration with other ride-hailing services like Ola will be the same as before. Google Maps itself went through a makeover. There are more ride options, more actionable information and instead of a long list of ride-hailing services and ride options, "you’ll see the map you know and love, along with a carousel of ride service providers in your area. Just tap on your preferred provider to see a complete list of ride options and special offers or promotions," Google announced in a blog post. FacebookTwitterGoogle+LinkedinReddit Tags: UberSoftwareIOSGoogle mapsAppsandroid Follow Gizmodo on facebookLiketwitterFollowgplusFollow Contribute to Gizmodo Write for Us Next StoryNintendo disappoints with $299 price for new Switch console Comments () Characters Remaining: 3000 SIGN IN WITHFacebookGoogleEmail OR PROCEED WITHOUT REGISTRATION X Sort By:NewestOldestDiscussedUp VotedDown Voted More from this author Leaked images confirm no home button in the Galaxy S8 The Joy-Con controllers are Nintedo's weapon of choice to disrupt gaming Related stories How To Install Unauthorized Apps on Android and iOS  May's Essential Apps for Android, iOS, and Windows Phone Our Favorite Android, iOS, and Windows Phone Apps of the Week Our Favorite Android, iOS, and Windows Phone Apps of the Week Our Favorite Android, iOS, and Windows Phone Apps of the Week Our Favorite iOS, Android, and Windows Phone Apps of the Week Personalized Recommendations Editor's Pick From EDM to Funk Pop, Our top 7 picks on what should go in your playlist this 2017 10 years of the iPhone: How Apple changed the way we communicate Lenovo Yoga 510 Review: Inconsistent Performer The Magic of George Michael: Bringing the “Faith” over a Glorious 30-Year Music Career OnePlus 3T review: Still the best damn phone for less than Rs 30,000 Nucleya Adds His Signature Bass To Papon’s Bihu in The Dewarists’ Latest Music Collaboration Hot Right Now Nokia 6 goes official in China ... Reliance Jio effect: Vodafone India seeking a merger 10 years of the iPhone: How Apple changed the way we communicate ... Leaked images confirm no home button in the Galaxy S8 ... Maruti Suziki announces Ignis prices ... Like what you see? Keep up with the latest by following us on and subscribe to our Daily Newsletter Related Content Trending on social That not-so-great Nokia phone just received 250,000 pre-orders in 24 hours Leaked: Galaxy X1 and X1 Plus are Samsung's new Android flip phones Leaked: Galaxy X1 and X1 Plus are Samsung's new Android flip phones Huawei Honor 6X to be launched on January 24 for less than Rs 15,000 OnePlus opens unique experience store that will not sell phones Learn at Coursera Master Business Fundamentals from Wharton Leadership and Business Skill for Immediate Impact Take Big Data from University of California San DiegoMore » HUFFINGTON POST The Good, The Bad And The Ugly Smartphone 'Fans' After Google Phone, We Might See Google Watches Freedom 251 Maker Launches LED TV For ₹9900 Times of India Technology Apple iPhone 7, iPhone 7 Plus price details revealed, goes up to Rs 92,000 Apple slashes prices of iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus by up to Rs 22,000 WhatsApp privacy policy challenged in Delhi High Court: 5 things to know Apple iOS 10 surpasses iOS 9 in early adoption in just 24 hours Gadgets Now Shop Samsung Z2 - 8GB (Gold) ₹ 4699BUY4G, 1GB RAM,4"Screen Micromax Canvas Mega 4G Q417 - 16GB (Blue) ₹ 7499BUY5.5" Screen, 3GB RAM Asus Zenfone Max ZC550KL - 16GB (Black) ₹ 9199BUY5000 mAh Battery About | Privacy | Write For Us | Contact | Authors | Terms of Use and Grievance Redressal Policy | Gizmodo US | RSS TIMES GLOBAL PARTNERS Times Global Partners is an initiative focused on partnering with Established and Emerging Global Digital Companies for growing their presence and business in India through growth in their Brand, audience, adoption, distribution and monetization. Copyright @ 2017. Times Internet Limited. All rights reserved.For reprint rights. Times Syndication Service.
Got a tip for us? Let us know a. Send us an email b. Anonymous form close (x)             Front Page Mac Blog iOS Blog Roundups AirPort Apple Car Apple Deals Apple Pay Apple Stores Apple TV Apple VR Project Apple Watch Series 2 CarPlay Displays iMac iOS 10 iPad Air 2 iPad mini 4 (2015) iPad Pro iPhone 6s iPhone 7 iPhone 8 (2017) iPhone SE iPod nano iPod shuffle iPod touch Mac mini Mac Pro MacBook Air MacBook Pro macOS Sierra Retina MacBook tvOS 10 watchOS 3 Buyer's Guide Forums iPhone 7 iPhone 8 (2017) iOS 10 macOS Sierra MacBook Pro watchOS 3 Apple Watch Series 2 iPad Pro iPhone 6s Retina MacBook tvOS 10 Apple TV iPhone SE Apple Car Apple Deals CarPlay iPad mini 4 (2015) Mac mini Mac Pro MacBook Air Apple VR Project iMac iPad Air 2 Displays Apple Stores AirPort Apple Pay iPod nano iPod shuffle iPod touch All > Google Maps Users Can Now Book and Pay for Uber Rides Without Ever Leaving the App Friday January 13, 2017 1:23 AM PST by Tim Hardwick Google is rolling out an update to Google Maps for iOS that lets users request a ride from Uber without ever having to leave the app. Previously, users of Maps could get a ride cost estimate and start the process of hailing a ride, but would eventually be kicked into the Uber app proper for confirmation and payment. Now however, users can book and pay for an Uber directly within Google Maps, without having to have the official Uber app installed on their device, thanks to a redesigned "ride services" section. Google announced the update on Thursday in a blog post, explaining that Maps users need only to sign in to their existing Uber account (or create one) in order to book an Uber ride, track the driver on the map, and connect with the driver, all from within the Maps app. Users are also able to take a look at information about their destination while en route, with menus, hours, and other details available in-app. Though listed in the ride services section, Lyft currently doesn't appear to support the same booking process as yet. The Maps update is currently being rolled out globally and should appear on user's phones any time now. Google Maps is a free download for iPhone and iPad available on the App Store. [Direct Link] Tags: Google Maps, Uber 10 comments Top Rated Comments (View all) 69Mustang 2 days ago at 06:17 am Apple maps has had this feature since September when iOS 19 came out. Google copy everything from apple. Apple maps isn't the mapping solution of choice for everyone using an iOS device. Google adding features for customers who use Google Maps is a good thing. Btw, it's Samsung, not Google. Samsung is copier:rolleyes:;) If you're going to disparage a company, at least disparage the right one. Rating: 2 Votes NickD73 2 days ago at 03:18 pm Apple Maps is still total trash. Rating: 2 Votes slenpree 3 days ago at 04:27 am Apple maps has had this feature since September when iOS 19 came out. Google copy everything from apple. Rating: 1 Votes [ Read All Comments ] Upcoming iMac Early 2017 Updated models with AMD graphics options expected in early 2017. iPad Pro Early 2017? New ~10.5-inch model with nearly bezel-free design rumored. iPhone 8 (2017) Fall 2017 New glass-backed design rumored to lose the Home button. Front Page Stories Apple Shares New 'Pairing,' 'Siri' and 'Notes' AirPods Ads 1 day ago on Front Page Apple today shared three ads highlighting the newly-released AirPods on its YouTube channel. Two of the ads are focused on AirPod features, like Siri and instant pairing, and star dancer Lil Buck... 153 comments Next iPhone Said to Have Even Better IP68-Rated Water Resistance 2 days ago on Front Page Apple's next-generation iPhone will feature IP68-rated water resistance, which would be an improvement over the IP67-certified iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus, according to The Korea Herald.... 287 comments Apple vs. Samsung Lawsuit Over iPhone Design Officially Reopened 2 days ago on Front Page The U.S. Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit on Thursday reopened a longstanding patent lawsuit related to Samsung copying the design of the iPhone nearly six years ago, following an order of... 199 comments Tesla-Bound Chris Lattner May Have 'Felt Constrained' by Apple's Culture of Secrecy [Update: Denied] 2 days ago on Front Page Earlier this week, Swift creator and LLVM co-author Chris Lattner announced he will be leaving Apple later this month—he is headed to Tesla to lead its autopilot engineering team as Vice President of... 97 comments Consumer Reports Reverses Course, Recommends MacBook Pro Following New Testing After Apple Bug Fix 3 days ago on Front Page Consumer Reports is out with an updated report on the 2016 MacBook Pro, and following retesting, the magazine is now recommending Apple's latest notebooks. In the new test, conducted running... 447 comments Court Rules Apple Can be Sued for Monopolizing iPhone App Market 3 days ago on Front Page A U.S. Appeals Court today ruled that App Store customers can move forward with a lawsuit claiming Apple created an illegal app monopoly because it did not allow users to purchase iPhone apps outside... 734 comments Apple Seeds Fourth Beta of iOS 10.2.1 to Developers and Public Beta Testers 3 days ago on Front Page Apple today seeded the fourth beta of an upcoming iOS 10.2.1 update to developers and public beta testers, a few days after seeding the third iOS 10.2.1 beta and a month after releasing iOS 10.2, the... 45 comments A 10.5-Inch iPad Pro Could Match the 12.9-Inch Model's Resolution and the iPad Mini's Pixel Density 3 days ago on Front Page Apple is rumored to be working on a new iPad Pro that adopts an edge-to-edge display, and while it's said to be somewhere around 10 inches, there are a lot of mixed rumors about the specific size... 174 comments • Apple's Lisa Jackson Joins Federal Committee Advising on Vehicle Automation (42) • Apple Plans to Launch Original TV Shows Comparable to 'Westworld' and 'Stranger Things' By End of 2017 (213) • Apple Set to Earn $1 Trillion in Revenue From iOS Ecosystem By Middle of 2017 (79) • Worldwide Mac Sales Remain Steady in 4Q 2016 Amid Continuing PC Market Decline (200) • Tony Fadell Shares New Details on Prototype iPhone Software With Virtual iPod Clickwheel (57) • AirPods Have Captured One Quarter of Wireless Headphone Spending Since Launching (174) • iPhone Captured 31% of Smartphone Sales in the U.S. Ahead of Holiday Season (127)   MacRumors attracts a broad audience of both consumers and professionals interested in the latest technologies and products. We also boast an active community focused on purchasing decisions and technical aspects of the iPhone, iPod, iPad, and Mac platforms. Advertise on MacRumors Our Staff Arnold Kim Editorial Director Email • Twitter Eric Slivka Editor in Chief Email • Twitter Juli Clover Editor Email • Twitter Joe Rossignol Editor Email • Twitter Marianne Schultz Editor Email • Twitter Matt Gonzalez Video Content Producer Email • Twitter Husain Sumra Contributing Editor Email • Twitter Mitchel Broussard Contributing Editor Email • Twitter Tim Hardwick Contributing Writer Email • Twitter Chris Jenkins Contributing Writer Email • Twitter Links Touch Arcade The Binding of Issac, The Nintendo Switch, and More! - The TouchArcade Show #290 TouchArcade Needs Your Help - Tell Your Friends and Support Our Patreon TouchArcade Game of the Week: 'The Binding of Isaac: Rebirth' 'Sonny' Review - An Accessible Social-Style RPG Without IAP 'Card City Nights 2' Under Development, Adds Online Multiplayer 'Rome: Total War' iPad Developer Feral Interactive is Teasing Two Mysterious iOS Games AppShopper Apple Announces New iPhone 6s with 3D Touch Apple Announces iPad Pro with 12.9-inch Retina Display Apple Announces iOS 9, Bringing Split-Screen Multi-tasking to iPad Apple Announces Mac OS X 10.11 'El Capitan' Apple Watch Pre-Orders to Open on April 10, Available Starting on April 24 Apple Announces New 12-inch MacBook with Retina Display Copyright © 2000- MacRumors.com, LLC. Privacy / DMCA contact / Affiliate and FTC Disclosure Mobile Version | Fixed | Fluid | Fluid HD
News Deals Cell Phone Plans Apps & Games Reviews The Best Forums more Giveaways Features How To Android Development About Contact Advertise Newsletter VRSource SoundGuys TabTimes Charged Trending Pixel XL OnePlus 3T Huawei Mate 9 Honor Magic Galaxy S7 edge Hey there, We have a new app! The best way to stay connected to the Android pulse everywhere. Our new app contains all the top Android news, reviews, app & games and the best deals just for you. Now with Disqus profile integration. Get it on Android Authority newsletter The best way to stay connected to the Android pulse. Our main newsletter is the Android Weekly which is sent every Sunday and contains all the top Android news, reviews and features from the past week. The best way to stay connected to the Android pulse. Android Weekly Breaking News Alerts Trending Articles Review Alerts Deals Alerts View previous campaigns 100% Privacy, No Spam Policy: We value privacy and your email address will be 100% secure. We hate spam just like you do and will never send you too much email, nor will we ever share your information with anyone. Buy now! Name: Subject: Message: What is Android Things? – Gary explains Features Newsby Gary Sims3 days ago 6 474 17 Recently Google announced its new Internet of Things initiative based on Android, the aptly named Android Things. It was back in May 2015 that Google announced Project Brillo as its IoT operating system, but having looked at the feedback it received from developers about Brillo, Google decided to ditch it and create Android Things. By adding Android to the name, Google is emphasizing that developers are able to use familiar Android SDKs, APIs and services including the Google Cloud Platform. Android Things is only a preview at the moment and there is much to be done, however enough of the final operating system is working so that developers can start creating Android Things based projects. Hardware Android Things supports three boards: the Intel Edison, the NXP Pico i.MX6UL and the Raspberry Pi 3. Support is coming for the Intel Joule and the NXP Argon i.MX6UL. The first thing you will notice is that these boards use a mixture of Intel and ARM based CPUs and that both 32-bits and 64-bits are supported. The minimum amount of RAM is 512MB and all the boards support Wi-Fi and Bluetooth. Android uses the Linux kernel at its core and Linux is a full multi-tasking operating system with virtual memory support. This means that Android Things needs a processor that supports virtual memory, in other words a processor with a full MMU. For ARM processors this means something from the Cortex-A range and not a microcontroller from the Cortex-M range. The reason I mention this is that there are lots of IoT products that use microcontrollers and therefore have less memory, less flash storage, use less power, and use less complex operating systems. By opting to use Android and Linux then Google aiming at a particular segment of the IoT market and is automatically excluding itself from the other segments. Whether this is the right decision remains to be seen. The most popular board of the currently supported three is the Raspberry Pi. It is cheap, well known and easy to acquire. I also happen to have one (or maybe more) floating around here so I took Android Things for a spin using my Pi! Booting The first step is to download the correct Android Things image for your board. For the Pi that means downloading the .img file (which is wrapped up in a .zip file) and writing it to a microSD card. Then you insert the card into the Pi, connect up the monitor (via HDMI) and then connect the power. Android Things takes about 90 seconds to boot on the Pi 3. First you are shown some boot information (as text) in a similar vain to Linux booting, this is replaced after a few seconds with an Android Things loading screen which shows three pulsating dots (to show that it is working). Finally this is replaced by an Android Thing splash screen, which tells you about the status of the Ethernet and Wi-Fi connections and little else. A minute and a half is quite a long time for an IoT device to boot, I can imagine lots of scenarios were such a long boot time could lead people to think something is broken, especially it the product doesn’t include a display of any kind. Having said that, the level of complexity (and hopefully the abilities) of products based on Android Things will be similar to that of mobile devices rather than “simpler” microcontroller based systems. Connecting The next step is to connect to the Pi. This is done over Ethernet. Plug in an Ethernet cable that is connected to the same network as your development PC and then use adb to connect. You can download adb as a standalone kit directly from Google. The Raspberry Pi will multicast the hostname “Android.local” so you can connect to the board using the following command: adb connect Android.local
 Once the connection is established the splash screen will change to reflect the new status. It is also possible to connect via Wi-Fi, but to do so you first need to connect via Ethernet. To connect your board to Wi-Fi use the following command: adb shell am startservice \
 -n com.google.wifisetup/.WifiSetupService \
 -a WifiSetupService.Connect \
 -e ssid <Network_SSID> \
 -e passphrase <Network_Passcode> If you are connecting to an open Wi-Fi connection then you don’t need to use the passphrase argument. You can check the connection by looking at the splash screen or using adb shell ping 8.8.8.8 to verify that the board can connect to the Internet. The good news is that the board remembers the Wi-Fi connection details, which means that after the initial set up you can connect via Wi-Fi without using Ethernet. Developing Before you begin building Android Things you need to update your SDK tools to version 24 or higher, as well as update your SDK with Android 7.0 (API 24) or higher. Likewise, Android Things apps must target Android 7.0 (API level 24) or higher. At the moment the Android Things APIs aren’t part of the Android SDK, so you need to declare the Things Support Library dependency in your app by adding the dependency artifact to your app-level build.gradle file: dependencies {
 ...
 provided 'com.google.android.things:androidthings:0.1-devpreview'
} Also you need to add the Things shared library entry to your app’s manifest file: <application ...>
<uses-library android:name="com.google.android.things"/>
...
</application>
 Every Android Things app must declare an activity in its manifest as the main entry point after the device boots. The intent filter must contain the following attributes: Action: ACTION_MAIN Category: CATEGORY_DEFAULT Category: IOT_LAUNCHER For ease of development, this same activity should include a CATEGORY_LAUNCHER intent filter so Android Studio can launch it as the default activity when deploying or debugging. Google has some example code on its Create an Android Things Project page. There are two main types of Android Things app, ones without a display and those with displays. For the latter, you can build apps with the same UI toolkit available to traditional Android applications. However there are some differences, for example Android Things does not include the system status bar or navigation buttons, which means the app has full control over the visual user experience. Where Android Things differs from normal Android is that it can control peripherals and read sensors. Anything from temperature sensors through LCD displays and on to servo motors can be used by Android Things. This interaction is done via the General Purpose Input Output (GPIO) ports which you find on boards like the Raspberry Pi. The system service used by Android Things to manage peripheral connections is the PeripheralManagerService. This service handles not only simple GPIO but also interfaces like Pulse Width Modulation (PWM), which is a common method used by servo motors; The Inter-Integrated Circuit (IIC or I2C) bus, often used by sensors, actuators, accelerometers, thermometers, LCD displays, and much more; the Serial Peripheral Interface (SPI), which is used by things like external non-volatile memory and graphical displays; and good old fashion serial ports (UARTs), for use by complex peripherals such as GPS modules and XBee radios. App development should be familiar to anyone with Android Studio experience. The code tree is the same as for a normal Android app using familiar files like AndroidManifest.xml along with Java code and XML files for the layout. Gradle is used to build the projects and Android Studio is able to send the resulting app over the network to your Android Things board. Since Android Things is a specialized version of Android, only one app runs, the app that has been flashed over to the board. Whenever you boot the board it will start running that app. This is an essential difference between a general mobile device (like a smartphone) and an “embedded” Internet of Things device. Google has posted a bunch of Android Things sample projects on GitHub including a simple GPIO example, a sample UI, a smart doorbell (that uses a camera along with Firebase) and a weather station. Problems The key feature of Android Things is that it is based on the normal Android that we know and love. The idea is that Android developers can branch out into IoT and build some interesting products, maybe in conjunction with a mobile app. Or maybe there are existing Android apps that would work well as standalone devices. As a minimum there is lots of code out there that can be reused and repurposed for Android Things. However this compatibility with Android comes at a cost. The system requirements for Android Things devices are quite high when compared to microcontroller based devices and operating systems like mbed OS. Does my refrigerator really need a quad-core processor and 512MB of RAM? Of course there are advantages to having such processing power at your finger tips, maybe more computing will occur on the devices (like facial recognition, voice processing and parts of the AI infrastructure). However if these devices end up integrating with the cloud, which they will as they are Internet of Things devices, then there isn’t such a strong case for extra computing power at the point of user interface. I know that this is a preview, but the issue of device life-cycle doesn’t seem to have been addressed by Google at all. At the moment to configure the Wi-Fi you need to use adb, hopefully Google has something special in mind, maybe even a reference app for handling device deployment or even a generic app which can “talk” to any Android Things device. Which leads to the issue of authentication, something that is non-existent in Android Things at the moment. But as I said, this is a developer preview… One thing that I found annoying about my time testing Android Things is that the adb connection kept dropping. I would connect, work with Android Studio, upload the app etc. But then after a few minutes the connection would drop, which meant I was constantly using the command line to re-connect to the board. This obviously isn’t a workable solution in the long term and I hope Google sorts it out. Wrap-up The technology behind Android Things is well established and well known by developers across the world. Together with access to popular hardware platforms like the Raspberry Pi, Android Things could be a winning formula. However the high level of system requirements and the current lack of deployment infrastructure could mean that other platforms offer more for less. Ultimately time will be the judge, if IoT device makers opt for Android Things then it will be a huge growth market for Google, not in terms of the actual devices, but in terms of the cloud services that these devices use. Features News Google, Internet of Things, Gary Explains, Raspberry Pi 3, Android Things Android Things, Gary Explains, Google, Internet of Things, Raspberry Pi 3 Gary Sims Gary has been a tech writer for over a decade and specializes in open source systems. He has a Bachelor's degree in Business Information Systems. He has many years of experience in system design and development as well as system administration, system security and networking protocols. He also knows several programming languages, as he was previously a software engineer for 10 years. Deals 88% Unblock All: Lifetime Subscription $313 $39 88% PureVPN: Lifetime Subscription $597 $69 80% Brain.fm: Lifetime Subscription $199.99 $39 Pay What You Want: Learn to Code 2017 Bundle $1,573.00 $35 Show 6 comments The Best   Best Android phones androidauthority   Best Fitness Trackers androidauthority   Best Android Watches androidauthority   Best Bluetooth Speaker soundguys   Best Wireless Bluetooth Earbuds soundguys   Best Headphones of 2016 soundguys Sunday Giveaway   Google Pixel XL International Giveaway! 6 hours ago22 comments Subscribe to Our Weekly Newsletter SUBSCRIBE The field is required Please enter a valid email address Latest News   Moto Z and Moto Z Droid Android 7.0 kernel source code ready for tinkering 44 minutes ago   LG G6 promised to be safer from explosions and overheating 3 hours ago   Which Fitbit is right for you? (January 2017) 5 hours ago   Must read: top 10 Android stories 6 hours ago   Google Pixel XL International Giveaway! 6 hours ago Latest Reviews   HTC announces the mid-range HTC U Play 4 days ago   HTC U Ultra hands-on: a major change for HTC 4 days ago 7.8  HTC Bolt review: the better data speed might not be worth it 5 days ago Android Authority APP Get it on About Contact Advertise Newsletter Your source for all things Android! About Contact Advertise Newsletter © 2017 Android Authority | All Rights Reserved.
Share Tweet We round up the best large-screen phones you can buy - best phablet reviews PC Advisor Phones Smartphone reviews Best smartphones Smartphone tips Smartphone buying advice Smartphone deals Laptops Laptops reviews Laptops tips Best laptops Laptops buying advice Tablets Tablet reviews Best tablets Tablet tips Tablets buying advice Deals Reviews Smartphones Laptops Tablets PCs Software Apps Printers Storage Devices Wearable Tech Digital Home Wi-Fi and Networking Games consoles Tech accessories Audio Displays Graphics cards Cameras Computer Mice and Keyboards How To Windows Security Apple Android Smartphones Tablets Software Laptops Broadband Gadgets Games Smart Home Audio Photo & Video Printing Components Desktop PCs Peripherals PC Upgrades Linux Business Enterprise Social Networks Tech Industry Internet 3D Storage Downloads Windows downloads Mac downloads Linux downloads iPad & iPhone downloads Android downloads Windows Mobile downloads Audio, Video & Photo downloads Backup & Recovery downloads Design & Illustration downloads Developer & Programming downloads Disc Burning downloads Finance & Accounts downloads Games downloads Hobbies & Home Entertainment downloads Internet Tools downloads Kids & Education downloads Networking Tools downloads Office & Business downloads Operating Systems & Distros downloads Portable Applications downloads Security downloads Social Networking downloads System & Desktop Tools downloads Forums Tech Helproom Windows Help Digital Home & Smartphones Help Consumer Rights Advice Apple Help Games Speakers Corner Beta Testing All All News Reviews How-Tos Opinions Downloads Forums Search PC Advisor Reviews How to Group Tests Features Buying Advice New Products Deals Forums Advisors Games Entertainment Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn YouTube RSS Hot Topics Nintendo Switch review Galaxy S8 HTC U Nokia Android phone Mi Mix review WhatsApp scam Latest Tech Deals » Home Test Centre Smartphones Test Centre Best big phones | 20 best phablets 2017 UK: What's the best big phone? Best big phones | 20 best phablets 2017 UK: We round up the best large-screen phones you can buy - best big phone reviews Best big phones | 20 best phablets 2017 UK: What's the best big phone? Need a big phone? We round up the best phablets and best large-screen phones you can buy in the UK in 2017. Best big phone reviews. If you like your phones big and your screens large you're in the right place. We round up the best phablets of 2017 By Marie Brewis | 13 Jan 17 Share Tweet Send ﻿ Hi. I saw this on PC Advisor and thought you should see it too. Comments What is the best big phone? Best big phone RRP Key specifications Xiaomi Mi Mix £799 MIUI 8 (Android 6.0), Snapdragon 821, 6GB RAM, 256GB storage, 6.4in edgeless full-HD, 4400mAh Samsung Galaxy S7 edge £639 Android 6.0 Marshmallow, Exynos 8890, 4GB RAM, 32GB storage, 5.5in Quad-HD, 3600mAh OnePlus 3T £329 OxygenOS (Android 6.0), Snapdragon 821, 6GB RAM, 64GB storage, 5.5in Full-HD, 3200mAh Jump straight to our full best big phones chart Need a big phone? We round up the best phablets and large-screen phones you can buy in the UK in 2017. Best big phone reviews. Also see Best smartphones 2017 and Best tablets 2017. Also see: Best Phone Deals Many a time we've been guilty of reviewing a smartphone and blasting it for not fitting comfortably in the palm of your hand, or for requiring two hands for comfortable operation. But every one of us is different, and while some of us prefer our phones sleek and compact, others prefer them big and powerful.  Large-screen phones aren't useful only for those with poor eyesight or fat fingers, they're also a good fit for avid mobile gamers and those who watch a lot of video. Also see: Best kids' phones 2017 Generally speaking, a phablet (as they are known in the industry - a cross between phone and tablet) should be no less powerful than a standard smartphone. With more room inside the case they tend to have higher-capacity batteries, but you should also take into account that their larger screens may drain power faster than the smaller screens of phones with lower-capacity batteries. We class smartphones with screens of 5.5in-plus on the diagonal as phablets. Take into account that the number of pixels will be stretched over a larger screen area, so a Quad-HD screen will be appreciated here more than it would on a compact phone. That said, though, even a full-HD screen will look crystal clear on a big phone - just watch out for anything lower in resolution than this. Note that before you buy the Galaxy S7 edge in second place a new version is likely to be announced at next month's MWC 2017 - see our Galaxy S8 rumour round-up. Below we present our pick of the 20 best big phones you can buy in the UK in 2017. Read next: Best new phones coming in 2017 20 best big phones 2017 Content continues below 1. Xiaomi Mi Mix Rating: Reviewed on: 9 January 17 RRP: £799.91 inc. VAT Buy from GearBest Compare: all Xiaomi Mi Mix deals It might sound expensive, but the £799 Xiaomi Mi Mix actually offers very good value when you consider its meaty core hardware and generous 256GB of storage - it's certainly less than you'd pay for an iPhone 7 Plus. This isn't a phone you buy with budget in mind, however: the Mi Mix is the phone you buy when you want onlookers to say "Oh my gosh, what is that? It's amazing - I want one of those!" The Mi Mix is a revolutionary phone that we hope is a sign of things to come, with that gorgeous bezel-less display, beautiful ceramic body, fantastic performance, long, long battery life and all the other fancy tech we can't even pronounce, let alone understand. No matter - it works. Highly recommended. Read our Xiaomi Mi Mix review. 2. Samsung Galaxy S7 edge Rating: Reviewed on: 12 January 17 RRP: £639 inc VAT Compare: all Samsung Galaxy S7 edge deals The Galaxy S7 edge is no longer the semi-gimmick it was before. Although some of the main features are things from the Galaxy S5 – Micro-SD and waterproofing – Samsung has given fans what they want. It's now a refined, sophisticated and highly desirable piece of technology. The battery isn't removable but the phone lasts longer than before and has seriously powerful specs under the hood. It has almost everything you could want from a phone even though the IR blaster is gone. We're also very impressed with the new camera and unless the screen is too big for you (despite some software features to help out) we think it's worth getting the S7 edge for the extra £70 with its gorgeous looks and extra functionality. Right now, this is the best smartphone money can buy. Read our Samsung Galaxy S7 edge review. 3. OnePlus 3T Rating: Reviewed on: 4 January 17 RRP: From £399 Buy from OnePlus Compare: all OnePlus 3T deals The OnePlus 3T will be unfairly compared, for now at least, to the phone that came before it. So let’s ignore it. On its own, the OnePlus 3T is everything a modern smartphone should be; slim, fast, and responsive, with above average battery life and cameras that produce stunning images. And then there’s the price. OnePlus may not like being known for it, but £399 remains an absolutely amazing price point for the phone on offer. As long as you don’t want an iPhone, this Android handset stands side by side with the Samsung Galaxy S7 as the best example of a smartphone on the market today – once we’ve all got over that it came a little sooner than we had expected. Read our OnePlus 3T review. 4. Huawei Mate 9 Rating: Reviewed on: 12 January 17 RRP: £579.99 Compare: all Huawei Mate 9 deals Huawei’s Mate 9 is, in our opinion, the best in the Huawei line-up, boasting an impressively large battery alongside powerful internals, an improved dual-camera setup and a sleek, gorgeous design. The benchmark results were some of the best we've seen, bringing excellent value for money. EMUI 5 makes a huge difference to the overall experience too, and we can’t wait to see whether Huawei’s new technology will actually improve the performance of the smartphone over time. Read our Huawei Mate 9 review. 5. Google Nexus 6P Rating: Reviewed on: 28 April 16 RRP: From £449 inc VAT Compare: all Google Nexus 6P deals Originally, Nexus phones stood out for being excellent value at a price that was low, but not the lowest. They weren't an alternative to flagship phones, but they had the advantage of running stock Android and getting the next version more quickly. The 6P, though, is not only a flagship, but is arguably the best Android phone to buy at the moment. It won't suit everyone due to its size, nor those looking for a phone with dual-SIM slots or a removable battery. There's no support for wireless charging either. But the excellent screen, front-firing speakers, quick charging, great cameras, speedy performance and Android Marshmallow add up to make this a phone that's a pleasure to use. And yes, it's also cheaper than its rivals, so unless you think it's worth shelling out extra on the Note 5, Galaxy S6 Edge+ or iPhone 6S Plus, the Nexus 6P is the one to buy. Read our Google Nexus 6P review. 6. Apple iPhone 7 Plus Rating: Reviewed on: 19 October 16 RRP: £719 (32GB); £819 (128GB); £919 (256GB)   The iPhone 7 Plus is an excellent phone. It’s Apple’s best yet, but it is also Apple’s most expensive yet, with a huge starting price. In some respects, the upgrades seem to justify this, but at the same time some features are arguably only catching up with what the competition has been offering for a while now – water-resistance for one. Taken as a whole, the performance, battery life, camera quality and stereo speakers are all compelling reasons to upgrade. But our advice remains much the same as for the iPhone 7: if you already own the previous generation, there’s not enough here to justify ditching a 6S Plus, especially if you’re halfway through a two-year contract. Those just coming out of contract on the iPhone 6 or 6 Plus would do well to grab a 7 Plus.   Read our Apple iPhone 7 Plus review. 7. Xiaomi Mi Note 2 Rating: Reviewed on: 8 December 16 RRP: £472.99 Buy from GearBest The Mi Note 2 was wrongly overshadowed at its launch. This is a gorgeous big-screen Android phone with very decent performance, a great camera and plenty of storage. We'd like to see a Quad-HD screen on Xiaomi's flagship phone, but this one should prove plenty sharp and clear. Google apps are not preinstalled, but there is a workaround if you are happy to do some tweaking. Read our Xiaomi Mi Note 2 review. 8. Samsung Galaxy Note 5 Rating: Reviewed on: 15 October 15 RRP: £484.99 Buy from Samsung So, what do we think of the Galaxy Note 5? We’re very fond of just about every aspect of the Galaxy Note 5, from its curved and sleek design to its vibrant display and high-resolution camera. It can handle almost anything you can throw at it thanks to its CPU, GPU and 4GB of RAM and we experienced no lag during our testing. The only bad point is that the Note 5 would sometimes falsely detect the S Pen detaching – and to point out such a minor fault says a lot about the quality of the handset. With this being said, we’re both surprised and sad that the Galaxy Note 5 won’t be heading to UK shores any time soon. Read our Samsung Galaxy Note 5 review. 9. iPhone 6s Plus Rating: Reviewed on: 9 September 16 RRP: From £619 inc VAT The iPhone 6S Plus is a remarkable phone, and it's still a fantastic phone 12 months on. The 16GB model has finally been banished and the new minimum storage of 32GB should be workable for a lot of people. 3D Touch can sound gimmicky, but it’s absolutely not. It requires effort to force yourself to use it to begin with, but it quickly becomes second nature and app developers have put it to use in apps and games. Read our iPhone 6s Plus review. 10. Google Pixel XL Rating: Reviewed on: 24 October 16 RRP: £719 (32GB) £819 (128GB) While the Pixel XL is an attractive phone (if you can get used to the glass section) with decent combination of hardware and software, we can't help but feel a bit disappointed. It's very similar to the much cheaper Nexus 6P and OnePlus 3. You can get plenty of other Android phones for less which have extra features like waterproofing and expandable storage. Sorry Google, but things have gone a bit wrong here. Read our Google Pixel XL review. 11. Huawei P9 Plus Rating: Reviewed on: 6 September 16 RRP: £629 inc VAT If you’re in the market for a sleek, premium phablet with a great dual-camera setup, the Huawei P9 Plus is a great option. The 5.5in SuperAMOLED FHD display is bright and crisp, and shows off the detailed photos taken by the rear-facing dual 12Mp snappers. The processor is strong enough to compete with Samsung’s Galaxy S7, although it doesn’t quite compare in terms of graphical power. However, it’s worth noting that there aren’t huge differences between the P9 Plus and the flagship P9 so depending on what you want from the smartphone, it may be worth taking a look at the £100 cheaper Huawei P9. Otherwise, it’s a decent premium flagship that we’re impressed with. Read our Huawei P9 Plus review. 12. Xiaomi Mi Max Rating: Reviewed on: 29 June 16 RRP: £212.04 Buy from Xiaomi Tech If you want a huge phone and you don’t want to pay as large a wedge of cash, the Xiaomi Mi Max is a fantastic phablet with good looks, decent performance, strong runtime and, most importantly of all, a gigantic screen. Not ideal for novice users, but otherwise the Mi Max is a highly recommended smartphone. Read our Xiaomi Mi Max review. 13. LG G4 Rating: Reviewed on: 19 August 15 RRP: £500 inc VAT LG has gone down an unexpected route with leather models which we like apart from a couple of colours. The so called ceramic model will be cheaper but feels cheap and plasticky. On the whole, hardware is once again strong - particularly the camera - but not massively different from the G3 and has tough competition. We feel build quality could be better with a metal frame and dimensions going down, not the reverse. This is the flagship to go for if you want a removable battery and expandable storage but it's a shame to see features like wireless charging dropped. (Remember the G3 is now a steal at under £300 SIM-free and the OnePlus 2 is now here) Read our LG G4 review. 14. Xiaomi Redmi Pro Rating: Reviewed on: 21 September 16 RRP: £256.04 inc. VAT Buy from GearBest The Xiaomi Redmi Pro offers unbeatable value for money at around £250, undercutting every flagship yet offering much the same performance and many comparable features. Due to the lack of Google Play and a number of Chinese preinstalled apps we’d recommend Xiaomi phones only to seasoned Android users, however. Read our Xiaomi Redmi Pro review. 15. Xiaomi Redmi Note 4 Rating: Reviewed on: 10 January 17 RRP: £192.93 inc. VAT Buy from GearBest The Redmi Note 4 isn’t a huge upgrade over the Redmi Note 3 in terms of core hardware, with simply a greater amount of storage and a faster processor, but the design changes are a huge improvement over its predecessor. If you don’t care about looks and can make do with less storage then the cheaper Redmi Note 3 may well meet your needs. The Redmi Note 4 remains a great buy, but the omission of Google Play support may put off some users. O2 and Giffgaff customers should also note the lack of support for 800MHz 4G. Read our Xiaomi Redmi Note 4 review. 16. Elephone S7 Rating: Reviewed on: 12 January 17 RRP: £177.11 Buy from TomTop The Elephone S7 is a very good-looking phone at an affordable price, with decent performance and a generous helping of storage. On the down side the cameras are disappointing and the rear panel is plastic. Even at this price you don't need to compromise so heavily. Read our Elephone S7 review. 17. Moto Z Play Rating: Reviewed on: 11 November 16 RRP: £379.99 inc VAT The Moto Mods accessories are the main reason to buy the Moto Z Play, but it's a decent mid-range phone regardless. For an affordable price Lenovo offers premium design, good specs and a well-rounded software experience. You only really need to splash out on the Moto Z for the Quad HD screen, Snapdragon 820 and OIS camera should you feel the need for those features (but also bear in mind the more expensive version has no headphone jack and a smaller battery). Read our Moto Z Play review. 18. Asus ZenFone 3 Rating: Reviewed on: 25 October 16 RRP: £284.05 inc. VAT Buy from GearBest The ZenFone 3 is a good all-round mid-range phone with decent performance and some nice extras under £300, but also a fair amount of bloatware. It's quite an update on the ZenFone 2, and definitely worth considering as an upgrade. Read our Asus ZenFone 3 review. 19. Google Nexus 6 Rating: Reviewed on: 14 December 15 RRP: £499 inc VAT (32GB); £549 inc VAT (64GB) There are some good things about the Nexus 6 including build quality and some top-end hardware such as the screen, processor and camera. However, it's simply too big, unwieldy and expensive to warrant awarding it anything higher than four stars and really get behind it (unless we wanted to hid from something). In the phablet market, the Samsung Galaxy Note 4 is simply better even if it is pricier and the excellent LG G3 at less than £300 is another thorn in the Nexus 6's side. Read our Google Nexus 6 review. 20. Apple iPhone 6 Plus Rating: Reviewed on: 21 September 15 RRP: £539 (16GB); £619 (64GB) When we initially wrote this review, the new size was something of an unknown. For many people the iPhone 6 (or iPhone 6S) is the better choice for the reasons we list in our iPhone 6 vs 6 Plus comparison. The truth is that a 5.5in screen isn't quite big enough to enable the 6 Plus to replace a tablet, yet the device is arguably too big and unwieldy as a smartphone. It will suit some people perfectly, especially if you watch a lot of video or play a lot of games, while others will quickly see that it's not for them: it won't fit in their jeans pocket and demands two-handed operation much of the time. One thing is for sure: the iPhone 6 Plus is still expensive. If you're keen to buy one right now, we'd recommend against the 16GB model. And that leaves the 64GB at £619, but if you're already spending this much money, you may as well spend an extra £80 and get the 64GB iPhone 6S Plus. Or, if you can live with a smaller screen, the 64GB iPhone 6S also costs £619. Of course, there is another option: used or refurbished. If you can find a 64GB model at a good price in the refurbished section of Apple's website, it could be a tempting deal compared to the 6S or 6S Plus. Read our Apple iPhone 6 Plus review. 21. Vodafone Smart Ultra 7 Rating: Reviewed on: 19 July 16 RRP: £135 Vodafone’s Smart Ultra 7 in our opinion isn’t really an upgrade over the Smart Ultra 6. It’s £10 more expensive than the previous model and doesn’t really perform as well – the Smart 7 had worse benchmarking results than its predecessor in GFXBench, scoring 13fps compared to 14fps in T-Rex and 5.3fps compared to 5.7fps in Manhattan, although the Smart Ultra 7 bested the 6 in Geekbench 3 with results of 3002 compared to 2469. The camera, though the same on paper, seems to have had a slight downgrade too, producing rather washed out photos during testing. On the other hand, the 5.5in 1080p HD display is vibrant and crisp, and one must remember that the smartphone only costs £135 so if you are on a budget, it’s still a solid option. Read our Vodafone Smart Ultra 7 review. Tags: Smartphones, Tablets Share this article Share Tweet Send ﻿ Hi. I saw this on PC Advisor and thought you should see it too. Comments Comments Nintendo Switch review: Hands on with the intuitive modular console and its disappointing games… 1995-2015: How technology has changed the world in 20 years Here's what should be coming to Adobe Project Felix in 2017 Best iMovie for Mac tips 2017 | How to edit video with iMovie: 26 brilliant video editing tricks… SPONSORED LINKS Synology invites you to visit them at Insomnia on 26th – 29th August. Book your tickets now and visit Synology. Tech Reviews Tech News Tech How To Best Tech Reviews Tech Buying Advice Laptop Reviews PC Reviews Printer Reviews Smartphone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearables Reviews Storage Reviews Antivirus Reviews Latest Deals Forums Magazine UK Tech Weekly Podcast: Soundcloud / iTunes Advertising & Partnerships Advisors Android Advisor Apple Advisor Blackberry Advisor Broadband Advisor Business Advisor Chrome Advisor Laptops Advisor Photo & Video Advisor Printing Advisor Security Advisor Smart Home Advisor Smartphones Advisor Storage Advisor Tablets Advisor Windows Advisor About Contact Site Map Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Cookies Follow PC Advisor on Twitter Follow PC Advisor on Facebook © Copyright 2017 IDG UK. All Rights Reserved.
Home Business All Companies Enterprise Comms Start-ups Discovery All Innovation Machines Earth Science Careers All Advice People Employers Jobs Life All Trending Gear Play Video All More Subscribe Advertise About Contact us BUSINESS DISCOVERY CAREERS LIFE VIDEO MORE Tweet Share Email ALL COMPANIES ENTERPRISE COMMS START-UPS It’s time to return the hamburger menu to sender Brexit’s drying up of talent pool a major worry in UK Win tickets to Inspirefest 2017 – and an added surprise Last few super early bird tickets available for Inspirefest 2017 Hazel Moore: Banks are completely wasting valuable customer data The danger of pushing design decisions downstream Weekend takeaway: Super, scientific, bright, young things Is Google planning a 400-job expansion for Dublin? Leaders’ Insights: Aisling Curtis, Microsoft Ireland Apple will soon have earned $1trn from iOS devices since 2007 Android Wear 2.0 out soon, ahead of two new smartwatch releases Samsung says 96pc of all Galaxy Note7 devices have been returned The five-minute CIO: Richard Corbridge, HSE Backdoor found in WhatsApp encryption that allows snooping (updated) iPhone cracking firm Cellebrite has been hacked Fortress Europe: EU transport networks vulnerable to cyberattacks Users beware: Your browser’s autofill opens you up to phishing danger Adobe and Microsoft release wave of 2017 security patches Google ditches internet-supplying drone project, sticks with balloons SFI-funded team named as part of €5m EU 5G broadband project New EU telecoms privacy rules will hit Facebook and Google in pocket Nokia to develop 5G in France through R&D pact with B-com State of the Irish broadband nation 2017: Let’s declare broadband access a human right €2.2m scheme to bring 26,000 Irish citizens into the digital world Fintech start-up Flender achieves £500,000 crowdfunding target Drone start-up ceases operations despite €34m in pre-orders Opsh founders step aside, citing a ‘notoriously difficult investment chasm’ New Irish start-up fund seeking entrepreneurs from ‘all sectors’ Start-up Advice: Síofra Flood, consultant COO and general counsel Venture capital stalled: Deals and dollars plummet in 2016 ALL INNOVATION MACHINES EARTH SCIENCE Doodling and maths: A matter of black and white Can you divide up the music budget evenly using maths? Ireland’s Edge line-up revealed ahead of Dingle STEAM showcase A game of two halves, but maths will be the real winner Can you logic your way to €1m? Lies, Boolean logic and crime scenes: Chapter One BTYSTE day 4: Young scientists use Lego and deep neural networks to solve problems The future is secure in the hands of 2017’s Young Scientist winner BTYSTE day 3: Li-Fi, tractor safety and an investigation of HPV vaccine side effects Physics industry worth €38bn per year to Irish economy, claims body Watch: Ruby seadragons filmed in the wild for first time Rogue 9: New simulation suggests distant origin of ‘Planet 9’ Och AI: Will machines ever really decipher Scottish or Irish accents? IoT global round-up: China hits the road, 5G studies speed up EU backs report calling for robot civil law, but also kill switches Why storing renewable energy is critical US fighter jets drop self-healing micro-drones in field test Beijing KFC using facial recognition tech to predict your order How many people could live on Earth? Forget a climate shift in centuries, more like decades, climatologists claim WeForest doubles crowdfunding target to empower Indian village World awaits birth of ‘baby dragons’ in Slovenia Gold and platinum discovered in south-east Irish streams The bees are still in trouble, so we are too ALL ADVICE PEOPLE EMPLOYERS JOBS What will career development look like in 2017? Law Society of Ireland launches course on social media Find out how your companies’ diversity programmes are working out ICT sector will see pay increases and bonuses in 2017 Are tech professionals the most mobile workforce in the world? Is 2017 the year to make a change in your career? We can help 8 ways you can manage your time better 4 ways to make sure your skills are future-proof How to build your confidence before an interview Project management in the 21st century 10 simple steps to help you get a pay rise So you want to be an astronaut Head Stemette Anne-Marie Imafidon honoured with MBE Is unconscious bias keeping you from the best talent? Learn how to combat it Video game developer Brianna Wu plans to run for US Congress Designing a runway revolution: ‘To go viral, you need a virus’ 10 Twitter influencers you need to follow for expert career advice 30 incredible Irish people leading a European invasion Aerie Pharmaceuticals is to create 50 new jobs in Athlone What kind of UX jobs can I get? Amazon to deliver 100,000 new US jobs in the next 18 months Video sharing start-up Overcast to create 70 jobs at Irish HQ Does cybersecurity have the most dangerous talent gap? Salaries set to rise in Ireland as IT and pharma sectors continue to grow ALL GEAR PLAY TRENDING Deaths in 2016 dominated Wikipedia’s top 10 list of edits this year Twitter tweaks tweets: Search results to be displayed by relevance Facebook will now notify you when it thinks you’re looking at fake news Facebook creates Parents Portal to help keep children safe online 2016 Google Year in Search: What did Ireland search this year? ISPCC warning: ‘Cyber safety is the child protection issue of our time’ Consumer Reports recommends MacBook Pro again after bug fix WhatsApp’s arduous path to GIF support nears completion HTC U Ultra and U Play phones a notable shift for flagging company Razer triple-screen laptop prototypes stolen from CES Kingston crams 2TB of storage into single USB thumb drive Possible Apple ‘theatre mode’ could help people use phones in cinemas Irish release date for Nintendo Switch revealed, but price could be an issue Harry’s back and he’s all fired up with ‘PizzaBot: Reheated’ Netflix arrives as an app on Virgin TV boxes with 6-month offer Fallout 4 fan spots peculiar stock footage in a CNN Russian hack story 15 fantastic shows to binge on over the holidays Social saves the radio star: Facebook reveals Live Audio platform ’Tis the season: Google celebrates with festive Doodles First day of winter celebrated with solstice Google Doodle 5 last-minute stocking fillers for Christmas Where was every Star Wars movie filmed? This map reveals all Trump, Enda, Brady and Bowie dominate Facebook in 2016 Adele and Conor McGregor star in top trending videos of 2016 ALL Competitive Start Fund can be a turning point for start-ups Look what a little love for Irish research can achieve Poornima Vijayashanker on why it’s good to be the ‘token’ in the boardroom Diverse teams at PwC offer great learning opportunities Help Huawei create the video of the future Marketing’s greatest trick is embracing storytelling ADVERTISE SUBSCRIBE CONTACT ABOUT COMPANIES Is Google planning a 400-job expansion for Dublin? by John Kennedy 2 days ago77 Shares Google headquarters in Dublin. Image: Google Google is understood to be planning to create 400 new jobs in Dublin, cementing its position as one of the city’s biggest employers. Google is reportedly in talks to rent the Irish Life Investment Managers-owned Velasco building, a 51,000 sq ft building on Grand Canal in Dublin. Although an agreement has not been signed, Google has been identified as the clear favourite to take the property. The move will see Google add 400 new jobs in Dublin where it already employs more than 6,000 people. The Velasco building is still under construction. Dublin is the data capital of Europe, says Google Alphabet subsidiary Google employs 3,000 direct employees and 3,000 full-time contractors in Dublin and has offices on both sides of Barrow Street, including Dublin’s tallest building, the Montevetro building, and offices in EastPoint. The company has also built two data centres in Clondalkin, west Dublin. Last year, Google’s Ronan Harris described Dublin as the “data capital of Europe”. In recent months, Fionnuala Meehan was named Google’s new country manager, as Harris took up the role of head of UK and Ireland. Neighbouring Silicon Docks companies such as Facebook and Twitter employ around 1,500 and 500 people respectively, and the city is home to the international headquarters of numerous, fast-growing born-on-the-internet companies including Dropbox, Slack and HubSpot. Related: data centres, Dublin, internet, search, Google Editor John Kennedy is an award-winning technology journalist. editorial@siliconrepublic.com You May Also Like You May Also Like Companies Google Ireland reports profits of €293m on revenues of €22.6bn 5 Nov 2016139 Shares Hiring Now Work smarter, live better A dynamic and rapidly expanding company Informing, entertaining and connecting the world Keeps files safe, synced and easy to share Life 2016 Google Year in Search: What did Ireland search this year? 14 Dec 201645 Shares Enterprise Google desktop search results could be out of date very soon 14 Oct 201699 Shares SUBSCRIBE TO OUR E-ZINE Sign up to receive weekly alerts bringing the best of Siliconrepublic.com straight to your inbox. Submit Email Companies Fionnuala Meehan to take reins of Google in Ireland, Harris to lead UK 27 Oct 2016843 Shares Companies EU wants Google to stop giving companies money for search dominance 3 Oct 20168 Shares Start-ups Dogpatch has a new patch – 40,000 sq ft extra space includes urban garden 11 Nov 2016166 Shares Latest News BTYSTE day 4: Young scientists use Lego and deep neural networks to solve problems 23 hours ago Och AI: Will machines ever really decipher Scottish or Irish accents? 1 day ago The future is secure in the hands of 2017’s Young Scientist winner 1 day ago BTYSTE day 3: Li-Fi, tractor safety and an investigation of HPV vaccine side effects 1 day ago Weekend takeaway: Super, scientific, bright, young things 1 day ago The five-minute CIO: Richard Corbridge, HSE 1 day ago Physics industry worth €38bn per year to Irish economy, claims body 1 day ago Fintech start-up Flender achieves £500,000 crowdfunding target 1 day ago 8 ways you can manage your time better 1 day ago Watch: Ruby seadragons filmed in the wild for first time 1 day ago IoT global round-up: China hits the road, 5G studies speed up 1 day ago Backdoor found in WhatsApp encryption that allows snooping (updated) 1 day ago Aerie Pharmaceuticals is to create 50 new jobs in Athlone 1 day ago What will career development look like in 2017? 1 day ago Rogue 9: New simulation suggests distant origin of ‘Planet 9’ 2 days ago Irish release date for Nintendo Switch revealed, but price could be an issue 2 days ago Consumer Reports recommends MacBook Pro again after bug fix 2 days ago TCD researcher Sabina Brennan puts brain health on the radar 2 days ago Google ditches internet-supplying drone project, sticks with balloons 2 days ago Is Google planning a 400-job expansion for Dublin? 2 days ago What kind of UX jobs can I get? 2 days ago The future is bright for these 25 amazing young scientists 2 days ago Drone start-up ceases operations despite €34m in pre-orders 2 days ago iPhone cracking firm Cellebrite has been hacked 2 days ago More from Business Latest News Home About Contact Advertise Subscribe Privacy Policy All content copyright 2002-2017 Silicon Republic Knowledge & Events Management Ltd. Reproduction without explicit permission is prohibited. All rights reserved. Designed by Zero-G and Square1.io Silicon Republic Cookies Policy Our Website uses cookies to improve your experience. Please visit our Privacy Policy page for more information about cookies and how we use them. Close
International Business Times UK UK LATEST NEWS Crime Property Culture Royalty World Latest News USA Europe Asia Africa Middle East The Americas Business LATEST NEWS Economy Companies Markets Finance Regulation Politics LATEST NEWS Fintech Latest news Blockchain Cryptocurrency Technology LATEST NEWS Smartphones Cybersecurity Innovation Social Media Games Motoring Science LATEST NEWS Space Environment Health Nature Archaeology Sport LATEST NEWS Football Tennis Golf Cricket F1 UFC Entertainment LATEST NEWS Movies Celebrity TV Music WWE Opinion LATEST NEWS Interview Analysis Reviews Video LATEST NEWS Business Technology Science Sport Entertainment Pictures LATEST NEWS Conflict Travel Arts Science Animal & Wildlife Photography Competition Log out Newsletter Signup Search Technology Google Google's parent Alphabet says it shut down Titan drone project in early 2016 Google had acquired Titan in 2014 with an aim to offer internet service using high-flying drones. By Sarmistha Acharya January 13, 2017 09:12 GMT Google closes its Titan internet drone project Titan Aerospace Search giant Google' parent company Alphabet has confirmed it has shut down the Titan drone project. Google had acquired Titan, the maker of solar-powered drones, for an undisclosed amount in 2014 with an aim to offer internet service using high-flying drones. According to a report by 9to5Google, engineers working with Titan have been told to look for other jobs within Alphabet/Google. Over 50 employees were involved in the process. The team has been dissolved to other segment like Project Loon, which aims to provide internet through high altitude balloons, the report added. In a statement on Wednesday (11 January) the X research lab spokesperson said: "The team from Titan was brought into X in early 2016. We ended our exploration of high-altitude UAVs for internet access shortly after. By comparison, at this stage the economics and technical feasibility of Project Loon present a much more promising way to connect rural and remote parts of the world." "Many people from the Titan team are now using their expertise as part of other high flying projects at X, including Loon and Project Wing," added the spokesperson. Social network giant Facebook was even looking to buy Titan earlier the same year for $60m (£49m) in an bid to provide internet to developing countries through the Internet.org initiative, which is led by Facebook founder and chief executive officer Mark Zuckerberg. Project Titan, which was under the Access and Energy subsidiary of Alphabet, was absorbed into X in 2015. In the mid-2015 the Titan team experienced a crash in Arizona desert, which was said to be due to a wing fault. Last year reports surfaced suggesting Google was using solar-powered drones to to deliver 5G wireless internet access. More from IBTimes UK Watch US military jets launch more than 100 Perdix drones over California French air force train eagles to bring down flying drones in case of terrorist attacks New drone owners asked to read the rules before flying gadgets Share More Stay up to date with our daily newsletter YOU MIGHT LIKE THISSponsored Content by Taboola IBT Video Close Nintendo Switch preview: Hands-on with 1-2 Switch’s cow-milking and samurai training Columnists Ed Vaizey MP “The PM is being coy about what Brexit means because she knows that words move markets READ MORE IBT Media to host AI and Data Science in Capital Markets event AI and Data Science in Capital Markets takes place 1-2 March 2017 at... Android 7.0 Nougat tips and tricks for OnePlus 3 Check out the tips and tricks for your handset running the latest... Samsung's foldable smartphone's render shows three screens being folded into one The render indicates that users will no longer have to opt for a... 1-2 Switch preview: Cow-milking and gunslingin' in Nintendo's Joy-Con mini-game fest Our hands-on first impressions of the bizarre mini-game collection. Android creator Andy Rubin plans comeback with high-end smartphone to challenge Google and Apple The phone will be produced under a new company called Essential,... Keeper Security reveals the most common passwords of 2016 and they're embarrassingly terrible The most common password of 2016 hasn't changed from that of 2015. Nokia may join Samsung and LG in foldable smartphone race latest patent filing shows The company had earlier filed for a flexible ribbon-like battery... How businesses can learn from the first wave of AI Businesses that do not have a robust data-centric culture to drive AI... Sony Entertainment CEO Michael Lynton is leaving for Snapchat Lynton was an early investor in Snapchat and has been on the... Fintech Focus weekly Keep up with the latest in blockchain, cryptocurrency and other fintech news. Straight to your inbox every Friday. Sign up now Win an iPhone 7 About IBT Leadership Meet the team Advertise Brand Terms of service Privacy Permission Syndication Contact Editions: Australia China India Italy Japan U.K. U.S. © Copyright 2017 IBTimes Co., Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Facebook Twitter Linkedin Google Plus RSS
SUBSCRIBE NOWto get home delivery News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Icon Humidity Precip. Winds Open settings Settings Enter City, State or Zip Cancel Set Close settingsFull Forecast Crosswords Washington Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives Newsletters Photo Galleries Portfolio Tracker Scores Newsstand Audio Investigations Policing the USA More News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Crosswords Washington Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives Newsletters Photo Galleries Portfolio Tracker Scores Newsstand Audio Investigations Policing the USA Lightpost Search Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Sign In Subscribe to USA TODAYSubscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account Log Out Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Sign in with FacebookSign in with GoogleSign in FAQ TOP TRENDING x Share 29 7 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest Waymo's self-driving cars need less driver intervention The Google spinoff is getting closer to the day when drivers get in a car with no pedals Post to Facebook Waymo's self-driving cars need less driver intervention The Google spinoff is getting closer to the day when drivers get in a car with no pedals  Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/2jDglcj {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. 8 Join the Nation's Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Waymo's self-driving cars need less driver intervention Ryan Randazzo, Arizona Republic Published 3:32 a.m. ET Jan. 13, 2017 | Updated 10:35 a.m. ET Jan. 13, 2017 Skip in Skip x Embed x Share Waymo, Google's self-driving car division, this week offered it first ride-along to media in their fleet of Lexus autonomous vehicles that the company has been testing on roads in the suburbs of Phoenix since last year. (Jan. 13) AP A row of Google self-driving cars outside the Computer History Museum in Mountain View, Calif. , in 2014 (Photo: Eric Risberg, AP) Google spinoff Waymo is getting closer to the day when drivers can get in a car with no pedals, steering wheel or mirrors, and allow the car to get them to their destination by simply providing the address. How much closer? The company now reports that test drivers only have to take control about once every 5,000 miles. That's about one-fourth as often as they were required to help the cars a year ago. Officials from the self-driving car company, a division of Google parent Alphabet, are testing their vehicles here and elsewhere in metro Phoenix. The cars use a variety of sensors to navigate and avoid collisions. "When the car is unsure, it does the conservative thing," said Jaime Waydo, a lead systems engineer for Waymo who has also worked in various positions as an engineer for NASA's Jet Propulsion Laboratory. "We've seen a lot of really weird stuff." The engineers have to program the cars to not only safely navigate "weird stuff," such as a woman chasing ducks with a broom (Waydo's example), but to do it without simply bailing out and re-engaging the human driver. Vehicle testers have had about 10 of the self-driving Lexus RX 450h vehicles in Arizona for the past nine months, along with dozens of others in Kirkland, Wash., Mountain View, Calif., and Austin. Later this month, new Chrysler Pacifica hybrid minivans will join the test fleet in Arizona. Company officials said the number of cars in Arizona fluctuates. The cars tested Thursday had California plates. Waydo and other company officials gave reporters rides in the vehicles around a Chandler neighborhood Thursday, explaining the technology and progress. Since Waymo, formerly known as the Google self-driving car project, came to Chandler, General Motors has expanded its self-driving car tests to Scottsdale, and Uber brought a small fleet of similar test cars to Arizona after a dustup with California regulators. "The fact that a lot of people are researching it shows what a large problem there is to solve," Waydo said. The problem, as Waymo officials see it, is that 35,000 people or so die in the U.S. each year in car accidents. They believe they can make cars that drive themselves much more safely. They also envision the technology helping people such as those who are blind or otherwise incapable or operating a vehicle by providing on-call transportation. Waymo's vehicles were involved in three accidents the first month they were in Chandler, but have not had any accidents since, Waydo said. Two cars were rear-ended,  once in autonomous mode and another in manual.  In the third incident, which is disputed between law enforcement and the company, the car was in manual mode and involved in a red-light running accident. FacebookTwitterGoogle+LinkedIn Google's Waymo shows off self-driving Chrysler minivan  Fullscreen Post to Facebook Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. The self-driving version of the Chrysler Pacifica hybrid minivan has a slick look. It's being converted by Google  Chrysler Fullscreen Here's how it looks from the rear  Chrysler Fullscreen Google's Waymo has created a self-driving version of the Chrysler Pacifica hybrid minivan  Chrysler Fullscreen Google is going provide self-driving features for 100 of the Chrysler Pacifica hybrid minivans  Chrysler Fullscreen Like this topic? You may also like these photo galleries: Replay 1 of 4 2 of 4 3 of 4 4 of 4 Autoplay Show Thumbnails Show CaptionsLast SlideNext Slide A variety of sensors distinguish the cars from the exterior, but other than a computer screen inside showing the car's interpretation of the outside world, little distinguishes it as a self-driving car other than a large, red kill-switch near the shifter. "Every robot should have a big red button," Waydo said. "I have never heard of us using it." Thursday was trash day, so residents near Arrowhead Meadow Park had their bins lined up in the bicycle lane. When two bins were pushed close together and near the car's lane, the vehicle slowed down and edged toward the middle of the road. The vehicles can "see" what is going on for about 200 yards in all directions. Antennae atop the vehicles link to global-positioning system information so that the vehicles can compare what they are sensing with known information on streets, intersections and other features. But they can improvise, too, thanks to radar, which aims in all directions and provides information on other objects' speed and direction. “Our eventual goal is to not need the driver at all," Waydo says. Lidar, a sensing technology that uses lasers the same way radar uses radio waves, fills in a three-dimensional picture. This helps identify objects such as trees, bushes, animals, pedestrians, cyclists and other things drivers encounter on roadways that are not indicated on GPS maps. "Lidar can tell which way a face is turned," Waydo said. "People don't usually walk backwards, though they do sometimes." Finally, cameras atop the vehicle provide details such as color, helping identify things such as stop signs and lights. Identifying objects helps guide the vehicles and predict whether something might wind up in their pathway or not. Two toddlers running around in a driveway Thursday didn't seem to warrant a reaction, but a truck that had pulled more than a bumper's length out of a strip mall into the vehicle's path warranted not only braking but a brief hesitation before passing. The ride seemed a tad jerky during some of the accelerations from stops and turns, considering some of the early reviews out of Mountain View in which people described the vehicles as overly cautious. They wait 1.5 seconds before proceeding through a light when it turns from red to green, but otherwise Waymo officials said the technicians are trying to make them drive more like humans — but safer. That means they must be predictable and not "drive like a robot car." "Our eventual goal is to not need the driver at all," Waydo said. 29 CONNECTTWEET 7 LINKEDIN 8 COMMENTEMAILMORE Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/2jDglcj NEVER MISS OUT Managing Your Money Master your money with the latest business and investment news, articles and tips from financial experts each Friday. Privacy Notice THANKS FOR SIGNING UP FOR THE Managing Your Money NEWSLETTER We're sorry. something went wrong. Please try again soon, or contact Customer Service at 1-800-872-0001Sign up for more Newsletters Find New & Used Cars New CarsUsed Cars MakeAcuraAston MartinAudiBentleyBMWBuickCadillacChevroletChryslerDodgeFerrariFiatFordGMCHondaHyundaiInfinitiJaguarJeepKiaLamborghiniLand RoverLexusLincolnLotusMaseratiMaybachMazdaMcLarenMercedes-BenzMINIMitsubishiNissanPorscheRAMRolls-RoyceScionSmartSubaruTeslaToyotaVolkswagenVolvo Model Price$1,000$2,000$3,000$4,000$5,000$6,000$7,000$8,000$9,000$10,000$11,000$12,000$13,000$14,000$15,000$16,000$17,000$18,000$19,000$20,000$21,000$22,000$23,000$24,000$25,000$30,000$35,000$40,000$45,000$50,000$75,000$99,000$99,000+ Distance10 Miles20 Miles30 Miles40 Miles50 Miles75 Miles100 Miles150 Miles250 Miles500 Miles of Search Cars Powered by Cars.com
HTC U Ultra vs Google Pixel XL: Which Is Better And Which Is Not Share Tweet Email 0 NEXT “Tomb Raider” Reboot Update: Into the Badlands Star Joins The Upcoming Remake Latinpost Facebook Latinpost Twitter Latinpost Google+ Latinpost instagram Latinpost RSS Sunday, January 15, 2017 | Updated at 8:11 PM ET Latin Issues & ImmigrationLatin Issues & Immigration Latin EntrepreneursLatin Entrepreneurs Latin EntertainmentLatin Entertainment Latin Life & CultureLatin Life & Culture Latin StatisticsLatin Statistics Home US&World Politics Business Life&Culture Tech Entertainment Sports Latin Post TV Coffee Break Sections X Home US&WORLD Politics Business Life&Culture Tech Entertainment Real Estate Sports Latin Post TV Coffee Break LATEST NEWS Amazon Officially Announces its Best-Selling Product in 2016January 15 07:56 PM EST The Next Penelope Nintendo Switch Version Available Soon?January 15 07:54 PM EST 'Parenting Is Tough' - Kate Middleton Opens Up About Motherhood Challenges Despite Live In Nanny, Family SupportJanuary 13 11:56 AM EST Think Twice Before Ordering Sushi! US Salmon Now Infested With Japanese TapewormJanuary 13 02:00 AM EST NBA: LeBron James Is In The New Role For The CavaliersJanuary 12 06:01 PM EST 772,000 More Honda and Acura Vehicles Will Be Recalled Due To Faulty Airbag Product Of Takata [VIDEO]January 12 12:22 PM EST Yahoo Is Now "Altaba", CEO Marissa Mayer Is Stepping DownJanuary 12 11:57 AM EST Advertisement HTC U Ultra vs Google Pixel XL: Which Is Better And Which Is Not By Honey A. Demecillo (staff@latinpost.com) First Posted: Jan 13, 2017 01:10 AM EST Share This Tweet This Google Pixel XL Initial Review(Photo : YouTube/Android Authority) Share This Tweet This HTC has declared another family member of smartphones in the U range. It will be launched only halfway through January 2017. The U range is intended to focus on conveying smartphones that will serve the user in a better way. The U Ultra is an exceptional device that is debuted along with the mid-range U-Play, in spite of the fact that the U Ultra is not HTC's 2017 flagship, still it offers an awesome designs, strong specs, and features that set to go up against Samsung's Galaxy S7 and the Google Pixel XL smartphones. However there is a comparison between U Ultra and Google Pixel, here are the differences. According to Pocket-lint, both HTC U Ultra and Google Pixel offers incredible designs with unique fingerprint sensor and USB Type-C. HTC U Ultra has a beautiful one of a kind design that offers a 3D formed liquid surface and a curved glass development that is shaded with a layered mineral in depth. The Google Pixel  XL conveys an extraordinary design that is built from a mix of glass and metal with a glass panel board which serving at the top of a third of rear. There is no physical button on the front but around unique fingerprint sensor that is available on the back, USB Type-C and Pixel XL retains the 3.5mm jack. The HTC U Ultra has 5.7-inch of Super LCD 5 primarily display with 2560 x 1440 resolution for a pixel density of 515ppi, and it is ensured by Gorilla Glass 5. While the Google Pixel XL keep things basic which is the Super AMOLED and likewise protected by Gorilla Glass 4. It is smaller than the U Ultra at 5.5-inches, however, it has a similar resolution that makes it marginally sharper on the paper with a pixel density of 534ppi. Advertisement The Google Pixel XL has a 12.3-megapixel with 1.55µm pixels as well. It has a somewhat smaller gap than the U Ultra at f/2.0 and it passes up a major opportunity for OIS, yet it has PDAF and laser autofocus. It is not just about the specs, however, the Google Pixel has a standout amongst the most very respected cameras in current Android smartphones. Meanwhile, when in terms of front camera, U Ultra featured a 16mp sensor with UltraPixel mode that helps in low light condition. Phone Arena added that when it comes to hardware HTC U Ultra has the new first class Snapdragon 835 chipset that gives powering over the phone with an octa-core CPU and Adreno 540 GPU. 4GB of Ram is inside along with the 64GB or 128GB of internal storage and it has supported microSD storage, while Google Pixel XL will have the same processor and storage options as HTC U Ultra. However, Pixel XL does not support with microSD and comes in 32GB or 128GB options. The Pixel XL has a bigger battery limit with a 3450mAh cell contrasted with the U Ultra's 3000mAh, yet both have support for quick charging, while U Ultra has 4000mAh battery life. The HTC U Ultra runs on with Android 7.0 Nougat, while Google Pixel XL runs Android 7.1. Both smartphone access to the Google's Assistant, however, it is more incorporated with the Pixel XL and will always be the first line for Android updating the programs. Eventually, the choice between these two handsets will come down to the budget and inclination in design features.     SEE ALSO Updated YouTube Apps for iOS, gives a Crystal Clear High Definition Content for Smaller Screen iPhones Facebook Update: Facebook Live Streaming from the Web, Testing will be on September Google Android Wear Release and Update: Android Wear 2.0 Release In February 2017; Features On-Watch Play Store Microsoft Garage Release Updated: New Lock Screen; Can Reduce Battery Usage By Using Wi-Fi Instead Of GPS Ford Official Announcement: Ranger returned in 2019 followed by Bronco in 2020 and both will be built in Michigan TagsGoogle Pixel XL features, HTC U Ultra, Google Pixel XL Nougat, HTC U Ultra vs. Google Pixel XL Advertisement Advertisement © 2015 Latin Post. All rights reserved. Do not reproduce without permission. Latin Lives & Immigration Castro's funeral Castro's sister Latino Small Business Booms in Southern California, But Not Revenues Business is booming for Latino entrepreneurs, especially in Southern California, where the growth in the number of Hispanic-owned businesses (HOBs) has bloomed despite the recession and tough economic recovery. But revenues for those enterprises haven't grown at the same pace. Diversity in Tech: Slack Hires Engineer Who Quit Twitter Citing Lack of Diversity Congress Split Over Puerto Rico Debt Rescue Bill, Likely Won’t Meet May 1 Deadline Selena Quintanilla Mac Collection Coming This Fall USCIS H-1B Cap Exhaustion Suggests Improving US Job Market Immigrants in America Create Over $1 Billion for US Businesses CULTURE Amy Gutmann Time In kids WWE News and Update: Baron Corbin, A New Wrestler To Beat Corbin, who made his main roster debut at WrestleMania 32 was among the last to win in the Andre the Giant Memorial battle royal. The Great Barrier Reef Once Used To Be Above Sea Level 125000 Years Ago First British Man to Get PREGNANT with Sperm Donor from Facebook is an Ex-Asda Worker Queen Elizabeth II Almost Got Shot: The Queen Brushes Off The Near Death Experience Like A Champ Kate Middleton And The Places She Had Been Before Becoming A Princess [VIDEO] Mysterious Planet Nibiru Could Smash Down Earth, Conspiracy Theorists Say Coachella 2017: Headline Released; Solo Female Is What The Event Needs Right Now As Beyoncé makes History From our partner How Much is Pitbull Really Worth? Cierra Ramirez, Christina Milian and More Best Dressed Celebrities of the Week EXCLUSIVE: Zoe Saldana on Playing a Cubana in 'Live by Night' & Reveals Why She's a Gangsta 6 Ways We Can #RaisetheBeautyBar in 2017 Subscribe to LatinPost! Sign up for our free weekly newsletter for the latest in-depth coverage! Close Advertisement 1 Mexico-based Startup Platzi is Teaching Professional Skills to Latin America One Subscriber at a Time - How This Can Increase Employment Opportunities for Latinos 2 Latinos Helping Latinos: Camino Financial Helps Business Owners Get Loans Up to $500K 3 John Leguizamo's Media Marketing Startup is Expanding with New Full-Scale Production Studios 4 $350,000 Raised for Chicago Paleta Vendor, 89, After His Photo and Story Go Viral 5 Run a Startup Accelerator? Here's How to Compete for $50,000 in Gov. Funding from the Small Business Administration 6 Here's What Makes a Good Location for Latino Entrepreneurs to Start a Successful Business Advertisement Our Picks 'Fullmetal Alchemist' Movie Latest News & Updates: Warner Bros. Japan Releases First Look at Edward, Alphonse Elric [TRAILER] Latest PS4 Trailer Revealed Console Exclusives To Be Launched in 2017 [VIDEO] 'Final Fantasy: Brave Exvius' News & Update: Ariana Grande's 'Dangerous Woman' Costume to be Featured in Mobile Game [DETAILS] 'The Expendables 4' soon to start filming, movie will have something different 'Devil May Cry 5' Latest News & Update: Hideaki Itsuno May Unveil New Game in 2017 [RUMORS] Samsung to reveal the cause behind the Galaxy Note 7 fiasco, suggests report What to Expect in 'The Vampire Diaries' Season 8 Episode 9; Bonnie Might Become A Vampire The truth of real parentage for Michael Jackson's children PlayStation Plus Owners to Get Day of the Tentacle Remastered and More in January 2017 Fadi Fawaz woke up and finds shocking twitter messages on his account claiming that boyfriend George Michael tried to kill himself many times before finally dying on Christmas Day. Apple has not recovered from it’s slower than expected iPhone sales last year and will slash production during the next months according to reports. ‘The Big Bang Theory’ wraps up the holiday season with an episode that will feature the whole gang including Mary Cooper, Bernadette and Howard’s new baby Hallie and pirate Sheldon. FCC Filing Hints That the Nintendo Switch Won't Support 3G or LTE 'Justice League' main villain Steppenwolf explored in details Top 10 most anticipated movies of 2017: 'Star Wars: Episode VIII', 'Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 2', Disney's 'Beauty and the Beast' and many more NASA has huge plans for 2017: Missions to Mars, Saturn and Jupiter; monitoring total Eclipse and more Apple's upcoming iPhone to display Samsung's AMOLED panel, says report Don’t miss it! Politics TURNOUT: Latina Congressional Candidate Dolly Elizondo Hopes to Break Glass Ceiling in Lone Star State Politics TURNOUT: Mexican-American Ruben Kihuen Hopes to Bring Progressive Work Ethic to Congress Politics TURNOUT: Lucy Flores Fights to Solve Issues Affecting Hard-Working Families LATIN POST TV more video  Rogue One New Trailer Suspenses Viewers Iowa Flooding Map and Rainfall Pattern (Satellite Video) Quejas Contra Trump en el Sur de California - Costa Mesa, Santa Ana Punto de Quiebra, el Trailer en EspaÃ±ol: Aguante las Olas REEL SALAZARS - Movie Reviews Entertainment "It" Updates: A new Pennywise the Clown teaser photo released Entertainment Ryan Gosling to play the role of astronaut Neil A. Armstrong in biopic movie Entertainment The Flash: Villains That Scarlet Speedster Should Fight In The Movie Latin Post Tweets by @https://twitter.com/Latin_Post Categories US&Politics Laws&Immigration Biz&Economy Life&Culture Tech Entertainment YouTube News Sports Categories About us Privacy Policy Contact us Topics Jobs Latin Post Style Guide Follow Us Facebook Twitter Google + RSS FacebookTwitter
Collapse Expand Home Shop News Reviews Features Opinions Photos Videos Gadget Guru Cell Guru Prime Tech Smartphone Reviews Tech and Gadget Reviews How-To Videos Video Game Reviews and Features Top Lists by Gadgets 360 Unboxing and Hands-On Videos Hubs Apple Android BlackBerry Google Microsoft Nokia Samsung Sony Compare Mobiles Phone Finder DEALS Mobiles Tablets Apps Gaming Cameras PC/Laptops AUDIO/VIDEO How To Telecom Science INDIA INTERNET SOCIAL MEDIA WEARABLES हिंदी Home Apps Apps News Google Maps-Uber Integration: Book an Uber Cab Directly From Google Maps Now  Ketan Pratap, 13 January 2017 Share on Facebook Tweet Share Share Email Reddit Highlights Users can now book an Uber directly within Google Maps Biggest advantage is users don't need Uber app on the device Feature to be available on both Android and iOS Google, until now, allowed users to book an Uber or other taxi hailing services like Ola from Google Search or Maps app. However, users were directed to the respective taxi-hailing apps in order to complete the booking process. The latest Google Maps-Uber integration will allow users to book an Uber, complete the ride, and pay for it, all without having to leave the Google Maps app. Google has confirmed that this Google Maps-Uber integration will be available to users across the world on both Android and iOS. How to book an Uber cab using Google Maps One of the biggest advantages of the new Google Maps-Uber integration is that users can book an Uber from Google Maps app even if they don't have the Uber app installed on the device. In this case, users will however be required to sign-in to their existing Uber account or (if required) create a new one. Google says that those using the Uber functions in the Google Maps apps can now even track driver on the map, and connect with the driver. This Google Maps-Uber integration is exclusive to Google and not available with other ride hailing services, which will continue to be available as options in the Maps before. There is a bit of a change in how they are listed though. "Instead of a long list of ride service providers and ride options, you'll see the map you know and love, along with a carousel of ride service providers in your area," Sara McKinley Torti, Senior Product Manager at Google wrote in a blog post explaining the new changes. "Just tap on your preferred provider to see a complete list of ride options and special offers or promotions." As mentioned earlier, the Google Maps update with Uber integration is rolling out globally but there isn't an exact timeline on when they will be available in India and other markets. To recall, Google Maps started showing Uber as a travel option in 2015. Tags: Google, Google Maps, Uber, Google Maps-Uber Integration Ketan Pratap Email Ketan Ketan Pratap covers daily news and rumours at Gadgets 360. He attended IIMC (Indian Institute of Mass Communication), majoring in English Journalism. Ketan is a ... More Apple Raises Apple TV App Size Limit to 4GB Samsung Galaxy A3 (2017), Galaxy A5 (2017), and Galaxy A7 (2017) Price Revealed as They Reportedly Go on Sale in Russia Google Maps-Uber Integration: Book an Uber Cab Directly From Google Maps Now MESSAGE Ketan Pratap Fields marked with * are mandatory From: *   Email:   Message: *   2000             Advertisement   In Mobiles and Tablets Latest Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro Samsung Galaxy J2 Ace Swipe Konnect Grand Huawei P8 Lite (2017) HTC U Play Gionee Steel 2 HTC U Ultra Ziox Mobiles Astra Metal 4G Asus Zenfone Pegasus 3S Nokia 6 ZTE Blade V8 Samsung Galaxy J1 (4G) Coolpad Conjr Alcatel A3 XL Xolo Era 2X ZTE Blade V8 Pro Asus ZenFone AR Asus ZenFone 3 Zoom Samsung Galaxy A7 (2017) Samsung Galaxy A5 (2017) Popular OnePlus 3T Lenovo P2 iPhone 7 Google Pixel Google Pixel XL Motorola Moto Z Moto Z Play Lenovo K5 Note Xiaomi Redmi 3s HTC 10 OnePlus 3 Moto G4 Xiaomi Mi5 Galaxy J7 2016 Redmi Note 3 iPhone SE Sony Xperia Z5 Micromax phones Samsung phones Android Phones Smartphones Google Phones Nokia Phones Vivo V5 Xiaomi Redmi 3S Prime Latest Videos 03:13 360 Daily: Nintendo Switch, Nokia 6 Registrations, and More 03:16 How to Turn Off Push Notifications on Your Computer and Smartphone 03:46 Nintendo Switch: Five Things You Need To Know 02:38 How to Find Your Lost Smartphone 02:19 HTC U Ultra and HTC U Play First Look More Videos» OPINIONS ALL AUTHORS Rohan Naravane Why Any Modular Gadget Should Be Taken With a Pinch of Salt Akhil Arora How I Learned to Buy Less and Live More Gopal Sathe So, What's the Deal With These Convenience Fees? Advertisement Recent SpaceX Poised to Launch for First Time Since September Blast Moto G5, Moto G5 Plus Likely to Be Unveiled at February 26 MWC Event Nokia 6 Registration Crosses 500,000 Ahead of January 19 Flash Sale WhatsApp Denies Encrypted Messages Can Be Intercepted Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro With 5.7-Inch Super AMOLED Display Goes Official Microsoft Buys AI Firm in Virtual Assistant Battle With Amazon, Google LeEco Gets Fresh $2.18 Billion Investment From Property Developer Sunac Samsung Galaxy S8 to Sport Bezel-Less AMOLED Display, Tip Promo Videos Sony Entertainment CEO Exiting to Become Snap Chairman Samsung Galaxy J2 Ace With 4G VoLTE Support Launched in India More News TRENDING Lenovo P2 Launch, Airtel Payments Bank, and More News This Week Six Things You Need to Know About Resident Evil 7 Before Buying Reliance Jio Broadband Being Tested: What You Need to Know Nokia to Unveil More Android Smartphones on February 26 New Samsung Galaxy A Series Said to Go on Sale in Russia, Price Revealed The Best Smartphones Under Rs. 20,000 Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro With 5.7-Inch Super AMOLED Display Goes Official Nokia 8 With 6GB of RAM, Snapdragon 835 Spotted in the Wild Samsung Galaxy J2 Ace With 4G VoLTE Support Launched in India WhatsApp Denies Encrypted Messages Can Be Intercepted Sitemaps Archives Advertise About Us Feedback Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Complaint Redressal Careers Contact Us RSS Ethics Gadgets Hindi © Copyright Red Pixels Ventures Limited 2017. All rights reserved.
Technology Science Culture Video Reviews Magazine More Business Security Space Podcasts Events Innovation Awards Subscribe About TECHNOLOGY Untitled-1 Follow Newsletter Sign Up Untitled-1 00/00 The science of touch: why physical contact can make you happier and more successful The science of touch: why physical contact can make you happier and more successful Ideas Bank 1 day ago This car headrest monitors your brain waves to stop you falling asleep at the wheel This car headrest monitors your brain waves to stop you falling asleep at the wheel Cars 1 day ago Not so grey matter! Brain scans are transformed into beautiful and sprawling works of neon art Not so grey matter! Brain scans are transformed into beautiful and sprawling works of neon art Brains 1 day ago How Spotify chooses what makes it onto your Discover Weekly playlist How Spotify chooses what makes it onto your Discover Weekly playlist Tastemakers 09 Jan 2017 How to pre-order the Nintendo Switch in the UK How to pre-order the Nintendo Switch in the UK Nintendo Switch 2 days ago Here's the science behind why you get hungry when you're drunk Here's the science behind why you get hungry when you're drunk Alcohol 4 days ago Adobe is forcing people to install a Chrome Plugin with its latest Reader update Adobe is forcing people to install a Chrome Plugin with its latest Reader update Software 3 days ago Big Ben to be silenced in 2017 for 'urgent' repair works Big Ben to be silenced in 2017 for 'urgent' repair works Big Ben 26 Apr 2016 Death to the dashboard: AR windscreens in cars could make driving safer and easier Death to the dashboard: AR windscreens in cars could make driving safer and easier Cars 1 day ago Dog voices, binge eating: Podcast 300 Dog voices, binge eating: Podcast 300 Podcast 2 days ago Why digital detoxes are a waste of time and are just 'nostalgia-laden nonsense' Why digital detoxes are a waste of time and are just 'nostalgia-laden nonsense' The WIRED World in 2017 4 days ago WIRED Weekender: 10 stories you may have missed this week WIRED Weekender: 10 stories you may have missed this week WIRED Weekender 1 day ago We took BMW's self-driving 5 series for a spin around Vegas We took BMW's self-driving 5 series for a spin around Vegas Self-Driving 2 days ago The Crystal Maze is back for a new series with Richard Ayoade as the Maze Master The Crystal Maze is back for a new series with Richard Ayoade as the Maze Master Television 2 days ago The Nokia 6 could be coming to Europe on February 26 The Nokia 6 could be coming to Europe on February 26 Nokia 4 days ago Cocaine, tug boats and tip offs: the inside story of the largest drug bust in UK history Cocaine, tug boats and tip offs: the inside story of the largest drug bust in UK history Crime 21 Dec 2016 Take your place among the clouds at Shenzhen's new Museum of Contemporary Art Take your place among the clouds at Shenzhen's new Museum of Contemporary Art Play 1 day ago LEGO City, Super Mario Odyssey and Bomberman. Here are the Nintendo Switch games announced so far LEGO City, Super Mario Odyssey and Bomberman. Here are the Nintendo Switch games announced so far Gaming 2 days ago Nintendo's £280 Switch is a multiplayer hybrid - and it's region free! Nintendo's £280 Switch is a multiplayer hybrid - and it's region free! Nintendo 3 days ago It's now easier to find friends on Snapchat with its universal search bar It's now easier to find friends on Snapchat with its universal search bar Snapchat 2 days ago Cemu lets you play Wii U games on your PC in 4K Cemu lets you play Wii U games on your PC in 4K Gaming 3 days ago How do meteorologists know when it's going to snow? How do meteorologists know when it's going to snow? Weather 25 Nov 2010 The X-Files will return for season 11 in 2018 The X-Files will return for season 11 in 2018 X-Files 3 days ago Scientists turn mice into fierce hunters by flicking a 'killer switch' in their brains Scientists turn mice into fierce hunters by flicking a 'killer switch' in their brains Mice 3 days ago Rudy Giuliani to head up Donald Trump's cybersecurity team Rudy Giuliani to head up Donald Trump's cybersecurity team Cybersecurity 3 days ago Controversial tunnel under Stonehenge gets the go-ahead Controversial tunnel under Stonehenge gets the go-ahead Stonehenge 3 days ago The best Netflix shows and Original Series to watch right now The best Netflix shows and Original Series to watch right now Netflix 23 Nov 2016 Technology Science Culture Video Reviews Magazine Business Security Space Podcasts Events Innovation Awards Subscribe About Follow wired Newsletter Sign Up Top stories The science of touch: why physical contact can make you happier and more successful The science of touch: why physical contact can make you happier and more successful Ideas Bank 1 day ago This car headrest monitors your brain waves to stop you falling asleep at the wheel This car headrest monitors your brain waves to stop you falling asleep at the wheel Cars 1 day ago Not so grey matter! Brain scans are transformed into beautiful and sprawling works of neon art Not so grey matter! Brain scans are transformed into beautiful and sprawling works of neon art Brains 1 day ago How Spotify chooses what makes it onto your Discover Weekly playlist How Spotify chooses what makes it onto your Discover Weekly playlist Tastemakers 09 Jan 2017 How to pre-order the Nintendo Switch in the UK How to pre-order the Nintendo Switch in the UK Nintendo Switch 2 days ago Here's the science behind why you get hungry when you're drunk Here's the science behind why you get hungry when you're drunk Alcohol 4 days ago Adobe is forcing people to install a Chrome Plugin with its latest Reader update Adobe is forcing people to install a Chrome Plugin with its latest Reader update Software 3 days ago Big Ben to be silenced in 2017 for 'urgent' repair works Big Ben to be silenced in 2017 for 'urgent' repair works Big Ben 26 Apr 2016 Death to the dashboard: AR windscreens in cars could make driving safer and easier Death to the dashboard: AR windscreens in cars could make driving safer and easier Cars 1 day ago Dog voices, binge eating: Podcast 300 Dog voices, binge eating: Podcast 300 Podcast 2 days ago Why digital detoxes are a waste of time and are just 'nostalgia-laden nonsense' Why digital detoxes are a waste of time and are just 'nostalgia-laden nonsense' The WIRED World in 2017 4 days ago WIRED Weekender: 10 stories you may have missed this week WIRED Weekender: 10 stories you may have missed this week WIRED Weekender 1 day ago We took BMW's self-driving 5 series for a spin around Vegas We took BMW's self-driving 5 series for a spin around Vegas Self-Driving 2 days ago The Crystal Maze is back for a new series with Richard Ayoade as the Maze Master The Crystal Maze is back for a new series with Richard Ayoade as the Maze Master Television 2 days ago The Nokia 6 could be coming to Europe on February 26 The Nokia 6 could be coming to Europe on February 26 Nokia 4 days ago Cocaine, tug boats and tip offs: the inside story of the largest drug bust in UK history Cocaine, tug boats and tip offs: the inside story of the largest drug bust in UK history Crime 21 Dec 2016 Take your place among the clouds at Shenzhen's new Museum of Contemporary Art Take your place among the clouds at Shenzhen's new Museum of Contemporary Art Play 1 day ago LEGO City, Super Mario Odyssey and Bomberman. Here are the Nintendo Switch games announced so far LEGO City, Super Mario Odyssey and Bomberman. Here are the Nintendo Switch games announced so far Gaming 2 days ago Nintendo's £280 Switch is a multiplayer hybrid - and it's region free! Nintendo's £280 Switch is a multiplayer hybrid - and it's region free! Nintendo 3 days ago It's now easier to find friends on Snapchat with its universal search bar It's now easier to find friends on Snapchat with its universal search bar Snapchat 2 days ago Cemu lets you play Wii U games on your PC in 4K Cemu lets you play Wii U games on your PC in 4K Gaming 3 days ago How do meteorologists know when it's going to snow? How do meteorologists know when it's going to snow? Weather 25 Nov 2010 The X-Files will return for season 11 in 2018 The X-Files will return for season 11 in 2018 X-Files 3 days ago Scientists turn mice into fierce hunters by flicking a 'killer switch' in their brains Scientists turn mice into fierce hunters by flicking a 'killer switch' in their brains Mice 3 days ago Rudy Giuliani to head up Donald Trump's cybersecurity team Rudy Giuliani to head up Donald Trump's cybersecurity team Cybersecurity 3 days ago Controversial tunnel under Stonehenge gets the go-ahead Controversial tunnel under Stonehenge gets the go-ahead Stonehenge 3 days ago The best Netflix shows and Original Series to watch right now The best Netflix shows and Original Series to watch right now Netflix 23 Nov 2016 Technology WIRED Awake: 10 must-read articles for January 13 Nintendo has revealed the launch date and details of its next console, Nasa has expressed doubts over SpaceX's fuelling plan for crewed launches By WIRED 2 days ago By WIRED Friday 13 January 2017 Your WIRED daily briefing. Today, Nintendo has revealed the launch date and details of its next console, you can now hail an Uber from inside Google Maps, Nasa has expressed doubts over SpaceX's fuelling plan for crewed launches and more. ADVERTISEMENT Get WIRED Awake sent straight to your inbox every weekday morning by 8am. Click here to sign up to the WIRED Awake newsletter. 1. Nintendo announces Switch launch date, details Nintendo's next console, the Switch, will be released around the world on March 3, the company said at a launch event(WIRED). It will, in an unusual and very welcome move, be region-free, and will come with left and right JoyCon controllers, JoyCon wrist straps, a JoyCon grip, the Switch dock, an HDMI cable and an AC adapter. Undocked, the Switch has a reported battery life of between 3.5 and 6.5 hours. Nintendo has confirmed that the console's UK price will be £280. Games for the platform will include Splatoon 2, Super Mario Odyssey, Skyrim and Zelda: Breath of the Wild. Read more This car headrest monitors your brain waves to stop you falling asleep at the wheel This car headrest monitors your brain waves to stop you falling asleep at the wheel By Matt Burgess 2. Google now lets you hail an Uber from inside Maps Google has announced the worldwide roll-out of its updated ride services feature, which will let users book an Uber journey directly from the app (The Verge). Both Android and iOS users who live in areas served by Uber will be able to take advantage of the feature as soon as they update their apps. You'll have to link an Uber account, and currently other app-based taxi firms such as Lyft in the USA can't be directly hailed, although prices for journeys with them can be shown. 3. Nasa expresses doubts over SpaceX fuelling process for crewed flights Nasa's Aerospace Safety Advisory Panel has encouraged the US space agency to "scrutinize" SpaceX's "load and go" rocket fuelling process before company begins transporting astronauts to the ISS (Ars Technica). The load and go fuelling process sees chilled fuel loaded onto the rocket just 30 minutes before launch, which would mean that a crew would already be aboard when fuelling took place. Meanwhile, a satellite payload from Iridium has been loaded aboard a Falcon 9 for launch on this Sunday, January 14 - SpaceX's first launch since one of their rockets blew up during pre-launch testing last year. 4. Ebay to use professional authenticators to combat counterfeiting Ebay has announced a new authentication programme to help combat the sale of fake designer and luxury goods on its platform (VentureBeat). Ebay Authenticate will be an opt-in scheme for sellers who trade in "high-end" products, starting with a trial involving handbags. Sellers will be able to pay a fee to have the item checked by a professional authenticator before it's sent to the purchaser, and items using the service will be flagged as authenticated on the site. Laura Chambers, vice president of eBay consumer selling, said that "we know that many shoppers may be hesitant to purchase high-end products online.This service is designed to help quell some of those concerns - and in turn - enhance the opportunity for our sellers to get top-dollar for their items." ADVERTISEMENT Read more Podcasts you need to listen to on your commute Podcasts you need to listen to on your commute By Amelia Heathman 5. Elon Musk hints at new maximum acceleration for the Model S Tesla CEO Elon Musk has tweeted to hint that the Model S P100D might be capable of even faster acceleration thanks to an enhanced Ludicrous mode (TechCrunch). Musk writes that it "looks like 0 to 60 mph in 2.34 sec ... might be achievable" following the over-the-air update of the cars to a new Ludicrous+ mode. The P100 currently gets from 0 to 60mph in 2.4 seconds thanks to the update, which came out shortly after would-be rival Faraday Future claimed a 0 to 60 speed of 2.39 seconds. Now, if Musk is right, the Tesla could exceed the F91's performance. 6. Brain activity predicts stress-related heart disease A new study of 300 people has discovered that stress-induced heart disease can be predicted by brain activity (BBC). The researchers imaged the amygdala, an area of the brain associated with stress, in a group of people aged 30 and older, with no known heart disease, who attended Massachusetts General Hospital between 2005 and 2008. They found that those with higher activity in the amygdala - 22 of the total patients - went on to develop cardiovascular disease within the next four years. A second study showed a relationship between stress levels and inflammation in the body, leading the researchers to advise that stress could be as significant a risk factor for heart disease as smoking and high blood pressure. 7. Scientists turn mice into fierce hunters by flicking a 'killer switch' in their brains A predatory ‘hunter switch’ has been identified in mice after researchers implanted an optic fibre into their brains to beam lasers onto specific neurons (WIRED).The technique, known as optogenetics, has been used over the years for various brain-prodding purposes, including manipulating sleep patterns in fruit flies and wiping and restoring memories in rats. It works by genetically modifying neurons so their ion channels become sensitive to light, then using lasers to stimulate those neurons to ‘switch’ them on and off. Ivan de Araujo, associate professor of psychiatry at the Yale University School of Medicine, said that "understanding how the brain controls predatory hunting would provide us with a much better grasp on how the brain coherently links sensory perception with motor output; the so-called ‘sensorimotor integration’ problem." ADVERTISEMENT Read more Apple’s AirPods are selling surprisingly well Apple’s AirPods are selling surprisingly well By Amelia Heathman 8. Disney reported to be in negotiations to continue using Carrie Fisher's likeness The BBC's Newsnight has revealed that Disney is in negations with the estate of Carrie Fisher to continue using her likeness in the Star Wars franchise (io9). While the obvious conclusion to draw is that, like Peter Cushing's Grand Moff Tarkin, Fisher could appear posthumously as Leia, the deal could also relate to the use of her image in future merchandise and spin-offs in other media. However, further details of what the negotiations are actually for are thin on the ground. 9. BBC to broadcast Terry Pratchett's autobiographical documentary The BBC has commissioned a "humorous documentary" about the life and work of Terry Pratchett, best known for his Discworld fantasy novels (BBC). The documentary, titled Terry Pratchett: Back in Black was developed and written by Pratchett along with his assistant Rob Wilkins during "the last few months of Terry's life". Pratchett's words will be voiced by comedian Paul Kaye. 10. Cemu lets you play Wii U games on your PC in 4K Cemu is a piece of "highly experimental software" that allows Wii U games to be emulated on PC (WIRED). It's fairly demanding in terms of the rig you'll need to run - recommending 6GB RAM and only supporting 64-bit processors - but it is also the only emulator that has cracked a current generation console. As of its latest release, it's also the only one that can technically outperform the hardware it's emulating, allowing for a 4K experience. ADVERTISEMENT Popular on WIRED Controversial tunnel under Stonehenge gets the go-ahead Controversial plans for a road tunnel beneath the World Heritage Site of Stonehenge have been finalised by the UK government. The tunnel, first proposed back in 1995, would reportedly relieve traffic around the site and improve safety by moving a stretch of the A303 road to run under the iconic monument. The original plans for a bored tunnel extending 2.5 miles (4km) were made in 1995, but the government later proposed a cut and cover tunnel stretching 1.8 miles (2.9km) last year. Campaigners and organisations, including the National Trust, English Heritage and Stonehenge Alliance, believe the proposed tunnel is "far too short" and are calling for it to be extended in order to protect the site and the landscape. WIRED​ ​01.17​ ​–​ ​on​ ​sale​ ​now This month's double-issue of WIRED is all about the 'tastemakers' – the behind-the-scenes figures who decide what we watch, read and listen to, from Lucasfilm's Kathleen Kennedy to Drake. We also go inside Sellafield and its clean-up mission, and discover the fascinating story behind the £500 million cocaine haul; the UK's largest drug bust. Out now in print, iPad and iPhone. Subscribe now and save. Podcast 299: Uber woes, 2016's top cultural picks Listen now, subscribe via RSS or add to iTunes. Get social. Follow WIRED on Facebook, Instagram, Twitter and YouTube. Share this article RECOMMENDED WIRED Awake: 10 must-read articles for 13 January WIRED Awake: 10 must-read articles for 13 January By WIRED Business 13 Jan 2016 WIRED Awake: 10 must-read articles for 14 January WIRED Awake: 10 must-read articles for 14 January By WIRED Business 14 Jan 2016 WIRED Awake: 10 must-read articles for 26 January WIRED Awake: 10 must-read articles for 26 January By WIRED Business 26 Jan 2016 WIRED Awake: 10 must-read articles for 27 January WIRED Awake: 10 must-read articles for 27 January By WIRED Business 27 Jan 2016 Privacy policy and cookie statement Terms & conditions Careers Contact © Condé Nast UK 2017
Close Skip to main content sign in Comment activity Edit profile Email preferences Change password Sign out become a supporter subscribe search jobs more from the guardian: jobs change edition: switch to the UK edition switch to the AU edition switch to the INT edition US edition switch to the UK edition switch to the Australia edition switch to the International The Guardian home › world › UK europe americas asia middle east africa australia cities development home US politics world selected opinion sports soccer tech arts lifestyle fashion business travel environment browse all sections close Weather Snow, high winds and flooding bring travel chaos to Britain - as it happened Environment Agency lifts some severe warnings Police arrest man for jumping in river in Great Yarmouth Essex homes evacuated Updated Huge waves hit coastal areas as Britain faces winter storms Contribute with Guardian Witness Jamie Griersonand Kevin Rawlinson Friday 13 January 2017 19.52 EST Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email View more sharing options Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Close Key events Show 6.57pm EST 18:57 Flooding fears subside in most areas 2.03pm EST 14:03 East coast: 17 severe warnings still in place 7.58am EST 07:58 More troops sent to Norfolk coast 7.56am EST 07:56 'We are not crying wolf' – Essex police chief 6.43am EST 06:43 Jaywick evacuation is under way, Essex police say 6.26am EST 06:26 People in 5,000 Norfolk homes told to leave 3.56am EST 03:56 2,000 homes lose power in northern Scotland Live feed Show 7.52pm EST 19:52 Relief as flood threatened areas largely spared Thousands of people along England’s east coast have been evacuated from their homes as life-threatening floods were expected to hit towns and villages at the high tide. But, while many are forced to spend tonight in shelters, there has been relief for most of them as the tide came and went without the storm surge causing as much damage to their communities as had been feared in most areas. There was some flooding along the Yorkshire coast and people in Essex are still crossing their fingers late into the night, with the worst set to hit in the early hours of this morning. But, while Norfolk fire and rescue service said it attended a few incidents to “assist with flooding”, the area - which was expected to be the worst hit - seemed to have been largely spared. This live blog is now closing. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 6.57pm EST 18:57 Flooding fears subside in most areas It appears that many of the at-risk areas may be breathing a sigh of relief as the storm surge passes without as much damage as had been feared. In Essex, however, fingers are still being crossed as residents await the high tide. In Great Yarmouth, in Norfolk, the risk of flooding was expected to peak at around 9.30pm but the worst fears of the people in the area were not realised. “The river did get pretty high but I didn’t think it would ever go over the walls. I guess it was a lot of panicking but you can’t be too careful”, said Charles Osborne, 52. High tide in the areas of Essex expected to be hardest hit - Jaywick, Mistley and West Mersea - is expected at 15 minutes past midnight. Updated at 7.19pm EST Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 6.36pm EST 18:36 While Great Yarmouth may have escaped the worst of the flooding predicted for this evening, Whitby was not quite as lucky. A man clears foam covered sea water away from drains as a tidal surge causes flooding in Whitby. Photograph: Ian Forsyth/Getty Images Video footage posted on social media showed water running down streets in the town, turning them into fast-running streams. Members of a coastguard rescue team members help to clear streets littered with debris in Whitby as a tidal surge at high tide causes flooding. Photograph: Ian Forsyth/Getty Images Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 5.33pm EST 17:33 The Press Association’s reporter on the ground suggests Great Yarmouth may have got away with the worst of this evening’s predicted storm surge: Alexander Britton (@adbritton) Only one emergency vehicle left here in Gorleston as Yarmouth appears to escape serious flooding following storm surge pic.twitter.com/hqV9kM3pC0 January 13, 2017 Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 4.58pm EST 16:58 A man has been arrested for public order offences after jumping into the river in Great Yarmouth, Norfolk police say. Officers were alerted to a man acting dangerously next to the River Yare near Haven Bridge at around 9.10pm. When asked to move away from the water for his own safety, the man jumped in. Police say he was recovered from the water immediately and arrested. “Despite numerous warnings from police and our partner agencies to stay away from the water, a small number of people do not seem to be taking this message seriously,” Supt Dave Buckley said. “Whilst we appreciate scenes of high water and strong waves can be impressive, it poses a significant danger and we would urge people to stay away for their own safety. Anyone who does attempt to get too close to the water in these areas will be moved on by officers.” Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 4.43pm EST 16:43 In Essex, blow-up beds have been inflated and blankets and pillows handed out, as those at the centre began to settle in for the night. Gavin Mack prepares to bed down with his family at the Tendring educational centre in Jaywick, Essex. Photograph: Jonathan Brady/PA Gavin and Lesley Mack from St Osyth, which is about a mile and a half from Jaywick, said they were told at around 6.30pm by police to evacuate. “We were prepared. They evacuated everyone yesterday - we knew it was going to happen - so we loaded the van and waited for the police,” said Gavin Mack. The couple, who have five children between the ages of three and 15, told the Press Association they were “not worried” about their home flooding and that they would have stayed at home if it was not for their offspring. With a classroom set aside for the family of seven, Gavin Mack said: “They are going out of their way and making a room for us so the kids can go to bed.” Lesley Mack added: “At the end of the day, they have not got to do it - they have done everything so well.” Updated at 5.55pm EST Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 4.29pm EST 16:29 A few of the less serious flood warnings in England have subsided, though the 17 severe warnings - where there is a danger to life - remain in place. In the past hour, one flood warning - those requiring immediate action - and two flood alerts have been cancelled. Updated at 4.50pm EST Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 3.17pm EST 15:17 The rest centre at Tendring can welcome dogs but it cannot cater for snakes and bearded dragons, meaning that 51-year-old Tracey Edwards is going to try to stay put. According to the Press Association, the police have told her to try to get some sleep now so she can be alert between midnight and 2am, which is when the tidal surge is expected to peak. “It is mostly the elderly that have gone, a few people have had family come and pick them up, but most people are staying in,” she said. Updated at 3.31pm EST Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 3.05pm EST 15:05 Some striking pictures coming in: Cars make their way over Standedge summit on the A62 at dusk above the village of Diggle in northern England. Photograph: Oli Scarff/AFP/Getty Images Restaurant workers look on as a tidal surge causes flooding in Whitby. Photograph: Ian Forsyth/Getty Images Updated at 3.10pm EST Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 3.00pm EST 15:00 John Curtin (@johncurtinEA) Hull Barrier closed to protect 17000 properties from east coast surge - learn more here https://t.co/Pl3QcKnpjo #floodaware pic.twitter.com/sGHo85AbQU January 13, 2017 Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 2.28pm EST 14:28 Train passengers heading to and from Lowestoft will not be able to travel after approximately 8pm, Greater Anglia and Network Rail have said. Lowestoft train station and the lines that run into and out of the station are closing early. Suffolk police has asked the two organisations to evacuate the station and close the lines for safety reasons. Network Rail’s area route director, Steve Hooker, said: “We have been monitoring the weather and flooding situation throughout today. In consultation with the emergency services, we have jointly taken a decision to close the line early to keep passengers safe. “Our orange army is on standby to inspect the line, make any necessary repairs and reopen it as soon as the anticipated flooding has subsided.” Updated at 3.33pm EST Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 2.27pm EST 14:27 North Yorkshire fire and rescue service said crews were dealing with flooding in Sandsend, an area where high tides were expected to cause problems this evening. A spokesman said the service had set up command hubs in strategic locations. In Bridlington, however, the high tide passed “without serious incident”, though Humberside police said high waves had been reported along the coast. Humberside Police (@Humberbeat) Don’t risk going to the coast to watch the high tides.It not only puts you in danger, but also emergency services if you get into difficulty January 13, 2017 Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 2.03pm EST 14:03 East coast: 17 severe warnings still in place You can keep abreast of the Environment Agency’s flood warnings here. As things stand, there are still 17 severe warnings along the east coast of England, where experts believe there is a risk to life. Environment Agency (@EnvAgency) Please check your flood risk. Our #flood map is updated every 15 minutes. Stay #floodaware: https://t.co/XxnHZpsv7U #weather #wind pic.twitter.com/hm3bljxsod January 12, 2017 Updated at 2.46pm EST Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 1.50pm EST 13:50 The St John ambulance says its crews are on standby as more bad weather is forecast: St John Ambulance crews are being mobilised around the country to help support communities affected by the bad weather. Photograph: PR Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 1.03pm EST 13:03 Evacuees have begun arriving at a rest centre in Tendring, Clacton. Set up by the district council, the educational centre can cater for more than 1,000 people who are leaving Jaywick. Nigel Brown, from Tendring district council, told the Press Association the rest centre was first set up on Thursday afternoon for those being evacuated by emergency services. The main issue at that time was going to be the lunchtime high tide... that turned out not to be an issue. We now have an issue with the tide around 11pm tonight and that looks to be serious. The aim is to get as many people in here today as we can. We had 17 people stay here overnight and, so far, we have registered at least 85 people. And we would expect another couple of hundred to come through by tonight. He added that the centre had taken in more than 30 dogs so far. Simon Scott, 58, moved to the coastal village 15 months ago, making this his first flood and evacuation. He was at the centre with his dog Charlie. “I would not come here without him - I would have stayed at home, I would not have left my dog,” he said. Sisters Harriet Woods, 87, and Jean Williams, 79, had just returned from a holiday in Potters-on-sea on Friday morning, only to head straight to the rest centre. Keeping up to date with the unfolding situation on the news before arriving home, Williams said: “Obviously, we are worried but you can’t do anything about it.” The pair, who are regular Friday bingo players, were happy to discover there would be a game at the centre later that evening and were not phased at the prospect of sleeping in an armchair. “For one night, it does not matter,” Williams said. Asked about worries over looting, Barbara Parsons, who has lived in Jaywick for 30 years, said residents have “got to take the chance” of leaving their homes. “All the bad things they say about Jaywick, it is not really true. The community is very good and people are very good to each other. Even on the way down here, our taxi with Dial-a-Ride, they gave it to us for free – they wouldn’t take any money,” Parsons said. Updated at 1.22pm EST Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 12.01pm EST 12:01 In order to better understand coastal flooding, staff at the University of Southampton, the National Oceanography Centre and the British Oceanography Data Centre have compiled a database of UK coastal flood events. You can view “SurgeWatch” here. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 1 of 8 Newest Newer Older Oldest Topics Weather Snow Air transport Rail transport Transport More… Scotland Wales Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Close Reuse this content More on this story Relief for thousands on UK east coast as flooding threat wanes Evacuated residents allowed to return home as seven people rescued from sinking cargo ship off Kent coast Published: 14 Jan 2017 Relief for thousands on UK east coast as flooding threat wanes Storms and floods force evacuation of thousands on east coast Emergency services out in force and many spend night in shelters, but storm surge causes less damage than was feared Published: 13 Jan 2017 Storms and floods force evacuation of thousands on east coast Snow across the UK – your photos Blizzards and high winds have caused disruption across Britain – but there were also peaceful scenes and opportunities for fun Published: 13 Jan 2017 Snow across the UK – your photos View all comments > Order by newest oldest recommendations Show 25 25 50 100 All Threads collapsed expanded unthreaded Loading comments… Trouble loading? View more comments more on this story Relief for thousands on UK east coast as flooding threat wanes Evacuated residents allowed to return home as seven people rescued from sinking cargo ship off Kent coast Published: 14 Jan 2017 Relief for thousands on UK east coast as flooding threat wanes Storms and floods force evacuation of thousands on east coast Emergency services out in force and many spend night in shelters, but storm surge causes less damage than was feared Published: 13 Jan 2017 Storms and floods force evacuation of thousands on east coast Snow across the UK – your photos Blizzards and high winds have caused disruption across Britain – but there were also peaceful scenes and opportunities for fun Published: 13 Jan 2017 Snow across the UK – your photos Flood warnings for England east coast as UK hit by wintry weather Police and military working to protect residents on east coast as snow disrupts travel in Scotland and the north Published: 13 Jan 2017 Flood warnings for England east coast as UK hit by wintry weather Police urge people in Essex towns to evacuate ahead of high tide Published: 13 Jan 2017 Police urge people in Essex towns to evacuate ahead of high tide Huge waves hit coastal areas as Britain faces winter storms – video Published: 13 Jan 2017 Huge waves hit coastal areas as Britain faces winter storms – video Villagers evacuated as snow, high winds and flooding bring havoc to UK Published: 12 Jan 2017 Villagers evacuated as snow, high winds and flooding bring havoc to UK Snowy weather hits the UK - in pictures Published: 12 Jan 2017 Snowy weather hits the UK - in pictures More more on this story most viewed The Guardian back to top home US politics world selected opinion sports soccer tech arts lifestyle fashion business travel environment all sections close home US politics world selected UK selected europe americas asia middle east africa australia cities development opinion sports soccer MLS NFL MLB NBA NHL soccer live scores tables competitions results fixtures clubs tech arts movies tv & radio music games books art & design stage classical lifestyle food health & fitness love & sex family women home & garden fashion business economics sustainable business diversity & equality in business small business travel USA europe UK skiing environment climate change wildlife energy pollution science media crosswords blog editor quick cryptic prize quiptic genius speedy everyman azed video World › UK News › Weather Facebook Twitter jobs guardian labs subscribe all topics all contributors solve technical issue about us contact us complaints & corrections terms & conditions privacy policy cookie policy securedrop © 2017 Guardian News and Media Limited or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved.
Skip to content Fone Arena The Mobile Blog Menu Main Site Phones Gadgets About Media Coverage Advertising Contact Tip Us Twitter FB Youtube You can now search and request Uber rides directly from Google Maps Google and Uber integration is going even deeper with the latest update. You can now now request a ride, see your driver en route, contact your driver, and follow your trip status directly from Google Maps. Prior to this update you could compare wait times and the pricing of available Uber options, including POOL, uberX, and uberXL, in Google Maps. The latest update saves you from switching back and forth between Uber and Maps. Now when you open ride services mode, instead of a long list of ride service providers and ride options, you will see the map along with a carousel of ride service providers in your area. Just tap on your preferred provider to see a complete list of ride options and special offers or promotions. Even if you don’t have the Uber app installed, you will be able to access the ride sharing service by logging in or creating an account from within Google Maps. httpv://www.youtube.com/watch?time_continue=2&v=KUYJL1b7SKg Google says the new update is “starting to roll out” globally on Android and iOS. Google Maps already has support for Ola in India. Source "You can now search and request Uber rides directly from Google Maps", 5 out of 5 based on 3 ratings. Author: Sneha Bokil Sneha Bokil is a tech enthusiast and is currently using Nexus 5X but she still treasures her Nokia N70 (M). You can follow her on Twitter @snehabokil and on Google+ View all posts by Sneha Bokil Author Sneha BokilPosted on January 13, 2017January 13, 2017Categories apps Post navigation Previous Previous post: Nokia 8 with 5.7-inch QHD Super AMOLED display, Snapdragon 835, 6GB RAM, 24MP camera surfaces Next Next post: Opera Neon concept browser for Windows and Mac launched Trending Phones OnePlus 3 Xiaomi Mi Max Gionee S6 Pro Le 2 Pro Le 2 Le Max 2 Mobile Phones Nokia Sony Ericsson Samsung Motorola i-Mate Dopod HTC LG 02 BlackBerry Sagem Haier palmOne HP Spice Fly Apple Latest Phones Lenovo Phab 2 Lenovo Phab 2 Plus Lenovo Phab 2 Pro Motorola Moto Z Motorola Moto Z Force Reliance Lyf Wind 5 Featured Video Subscribe to FA on YouTube Recent Posts Microsoft acquires deep learning startup Maluuba Andy Rubin reportedly working on high-end smartphone with bezel-less display Weekly Round up – HTC U Ultra, HTC U Play, Lenovo P2, Huawei P8 Lite and more Nokia 8 surfaces , Samsung Galaxy S7 / S7 edge gets Android Nougat and more – FoneArena Daily Lenovo P2 Review ACT Fibernet enterprise plans in Bengaluru revised again, 250Mbps plan now has 2TB FUP Samsung Galaxy S8 prototype surfaces, dual camera said to be exclusive for Galaxy S8 Plus Wileyfox Swift 2X with 5.2-inch 1080p display, 3GB RAM, fingerprint sensor announced Swipe Konnect Grand with 5-inch display, 1GB RAM, Android 6.0 launched for Rs. 2799 Bose SoundTouch 300 soundbar launched for Rs. 69999 CategoriesCategories Select Category 2 in 1 3G 4G Accessories Acer Aircel Airtel Alcatel Amazon Android Announcements AOC Apple apps Articles askFA AskFoneArena Asus AT&T Bada Battery test Benchmarks Bharti Blackberry BlackBerry World Blogging Bluetooth Brands BSNL BT Byond Camera Samples Canada Cases CDMA CeBIT Celkon CES CES 2013 CES 2014 CES 2015 CES 2016 CES 2017 Chaze Cheers China china Computex 2014 Computex 2015 Computex 2016 Contributors Coolpad CREO CTIA Datawind Dell Development development Digiflip Pro Domo Dual SIM EE Elephone eReaders EV-DO Events Exclusive Facebook Featured Firefox Fitness Trackers Fly FoneArena Daily FoneArena Labs G Five Games G’FIVE General Gifts Gionee Google GPRS GPS GSM Guides Handsets Headlines HP HTC Huawei Hutch iBall iberry IDEA IFA India Infocus INQ Instagram Photo Contest Intek Intel Interviews Intex IoT iPad iPhone itel Japan Japan Java / J2ME Jio Jolla Karbonn Lava LeEco Lemon Lenovo LeTV LG Linux Luxury Maemo Magicon Manufacturers Maxx MeeGo Meizu Memory Micromax Microsoft Motorola MTNL MTS Multimedia MWC MWC 2010 MWC 2011 MWC 2012 MWC 2013 MWC 2014 MWC 2015 MWC 2016 MWC 2017 News Nexian Nextbit NFC Nokia Nokia World 2009 Nokia World 2010 Nokia World 2011 Nokia-Siemens O2 Obi OnePlus Operators Oplus Oppo Palm Palm Panasonic Phicomm Philips Photo Gallery Platforms poll Press Releases Previews Qiku Qualcomm Reliance Reliance Reports Reviews Roundup Rumors Sailfish Samsung Sections SEE2009 Sennheiser Simmtronics Singapore Smartisan Smartron Smartwatches SMS Software Sony Sony Ericsson Spice Spice Sprint Swipe Symbian T-Mobile Tablets Tata Docomo Tata Indicom TCL Teardown Technology Tesla Three Tips Tizen TP-LINK Ubuntu uk Ulefone UMi Unboxings Uncategorized Uninor USA VAS Verizon Video Videocon Videocon Vivo Vodafone VR Wallets WickedLeak Wifi Win a Nokia E7 Windows Xiaomi Xolo YU Zen Zopo ZTE ZUK FA on Facebook Youtube Main Site Phones Gadgets About Media Coverage Advertising Contact Tip Us Twitter FB Youtube Fone Arena 2005-2016
Search Reviews iPhone Android How To Reviews iPhone How To Auto About Best 11 Best Weight Loss Apps for 2017 Best iPhone 7 Cases Things Apple Watch Can Do Android Galaxy S7 20 Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Cases Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Deals 5 Best Galaxy S7 Battery Cases 8 Best Galaxy S7 Screen Protectors 8 Best Galaxy S7 Edge Screen Protectors 18 Best Galaxy S7 Edge Cases Deals 5 Best Android Smartphones Under $200 [2016] Best Cheap Android Smartphones [2017] How to Download YouTube Videos or Music on Android Cory Gunther01/09/2017 Over the years Google has made a lot of changes to YouTube. Adding new features like saving videos to view offline, background playback and more. We get a lot of questions about YouTube content, but this is the biggest one. Here we’ll explain how to save or download YouTube videos and music to an Android device. Advertisement To be clear, Google doesn’t approve of users downloading videos or music from YouTube to their Android devices, as that is technically piracy. However, they do allow certain videos to be temporarily saved on a device for offline playback. It’s limited to a short amount of time though. Not permanent. Read: How to Listen to YouTube Videos on iPhone Without Video The offline playback feature is one users asked about for a while, and arrived in late 2014. Many have enjoyed it for some time, but in 2016 it was pushed to a paid version of YouTube. It’s called YouTube Red, and for a small fee you can get this feature. Or, just follow our instructions below. Advertisement Advertisement There are plenty of apps available like YouTube Ripper that will pull content to download and save. As we said moments ago, this is illegal and Google or Apple quickly remove these types of apps from the store. Many mentioned in our comment section are no longer available either. We’ll say this one more time. Using some of the apps or services below are illegal. Google doesn’t allow users to steal content from YouTube. Whether that be video or audio. It’s against the rules to copy it to your device. That said, it is still very easy to do. Users can save entire videos to their device, or even pull music right from a video. Then download the MP3 file to an Android smartphone or tablet. Instructions First off we’ll explain the legal and Google-allowed system, which is saving videos for later playback. Certain videos that support this feature will have a download arrow just below the video on Android devices. Sadly this feature is now limited to YouTube Red subscribers. Tap the arrow and select a resolution or quality you’d like to save, and that’s it. Now just go into the menu bar on the left and select “Watch later” to find the list of saved videos to enjoy. These can be played without an internet connection. However, if you want to download a video or song permanently, that is an option as well. There are plenty of apps available to rip content from YouTube directly to your Android device. Rather than link to apps that aren’t available from the Google Play Store, or from shady sources, we’ve gathered a few simple websites that will do this for you. All users need is the URL from YouTube and a few clicks will download the song or video. Advertisement While viewing a YouTube video just tap the 3-dotted “Share” button and on the popup that appears select “Copy URL”. Some versions it’s an arrow that stands for share. This is what you need, then navigate to websites like YouTubeMP3.to or clipconverter.cc and paste in that link. Usually within seconds they’ll convert the video, and deliver a MP3 of the music. Including a full video clip for the user to download and save to their Android smartphone or tablet. The first one has a slew of output options too. Copy and paste the URL into a site like YouTubeMP3 and simply hit convert, then download. From here you’re all done and the song has been saved to your smartphone or tablet. Other Details This same process is very easy to do from a PC or laptop, but just as easy on Android smartphones and tablets. Clipconverter even lets you select the conversion format to suite any occasion or need. Read: How to Create Custom Ringtones for Android Advertisement Searching for “video downloader” or “Youtube Downloader” on the Google Play Store may find some results. Most have been removed as of early 2017. Instead use what’s mentioned above rather than apps. Don’t download any application for Android that claims to do this if it isn’t on the Google Play Store. Third party sources aren’t typically safe. Give it a try today and download some music or videos. Now users can enjoy any video, or the latest music to create your own custom ringtones with our how to above. Again, proceed at your own risk and enjoy. 33 Responses 09/16/2015 Orenko Reply Much easier with: https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.chaweng.tubedownloader 06/02/2016 David Reply Watching youtube offline on mobile is really nice to kill boring time. However, you need to pay to download the videos using youtube red. Luckily, I find a free app which can help me to download youtube videos without any fee! Here’s a guide you can refer to http://airmore.com/watch-youtube-offline.html 11/04/2015 Μελιτα Reply How tell meeeeeeeeee???????? 12/16/2015 Michael Evans Reply The most efficient and professional app on Google Play is Tube Video Manager: https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.chaweng.tubemanager 05/19/2016 John Reply Too bad they deleted it. Read the post more carefully. 01/29/2016 Catherineswhitman Reply 1=2233 my best friend’s half-sister makes $87 /hr on the laptop . She has been out of a job for eight months but last month her check was $16467 just working on the laptop for a few hours. find more info…. See More 02/06/2016 Maurice Rogers Reply What app I need to download videos to gallery on my Android phone 02/21/2016 Maiah madjos Reply Interesting!ill try f it works 02/24/2016 Jon Reply What you can also do is to just open the youtube video in the browser and add “dl” in front of youtube and go to that page.. gives you option for downloading directly and you don’t have to install any sketchy apps.. Works everywhere and also for other services like Vimeo =) 03/08/2016 rose Reply Where exactly do you write the dl? 03/18/2016 Jacko Jack Reply An another but SSL secure site https://www.mp3fe.com/ to download mp3 or video online. 03/26/2016 Bholanath Khan Reply Adele music videos 03/28/2016 Manny Reply I like using zaragoza.barcalabs.com since its mobile friendly, and I can just download the song directly to my phone before heading to gym. : ) 03/31/2016 nobody Reply what happen to the URL? click on a new song and it Music starts with YouTube and go into vevo. there is no URL. what is the work around 04/14/2016 Blanchemhawkins Reply Super and Easiest 0nl!nee Home opportunity for all. make 87 Dollars per hour and Make 52512 Dollars per month.All you just Need an Internet Connection and aComputer To Make Some Extra cash. Visit this link…… See More 04/27/2016 Handysofts Reply I am using #yoump34 free android app to download any youtube music or videos 04/27/2016 Handysofts Reply using yoump34.com 05/04/2016 karan06789 Reply – Make Money Online with your Android Phone (worlwide launched system & 100% legel) By Worlds biggest Smartphone Network, Click Here For More Info 05/12/2016 Oliver Lattemann Reply The easiest way is to use “Peggo” :P ;) 05/14/2016 Handysofts Reply The simplest way is using #yoump34 free android app http://bit.ly/1Td9ikK 05/23/2016 Roms Dungeon Reply try with http://tuberipper.com.ve just paste the url of the video and click on download 06/05/2016 Jonathan neff Reply I need heeeeeeeellllllllllllllppppppppp 06/21/2016 Tosinchanges Reply Download “Coolbrowser.apk” that’s the King of all jus one click 06/22/2016 Yevhen Krasnopolskyi Reply Try WatchLater.com. This is powerful app for download YouTube, Vimeo, Flickr 06/23/2016 matteopellegrini92 Reply I create an Android free app that use links and browser for obtain music from Youtube. It isn’t in PlayStore because Google, Android and Youtube are in the same group so they protect them copyright https://mipstudioblog.wordpress.com/2016/04/16/bylink-music-tube/ 07/19/2016 David Uddin Reply thats a great android music and mp4 converter https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.converterpro 08/03/2016 Jerry Noah (@jerry_noah10) Reply Don’t know how to download videos or music from YouTube in a fast and easy way directly through your browser? Try Video Grabber. It is a pro yet efficient free online video downloader which can help you grab YouTube videos and music. In addition, it is compatible with any web browsers and Windows OS or Mac OS and can convert video/audio format to any file formats for all portable devices such as Android, iPad, iPhone, PSP, etc. For more information, you can refer to http://www.pcmag.com/article2/0,2817,2476563,00.asp Hope it can help u! 08/16/2016 shekinah Reply I want some video’s 10/11/2016 Bruno Reply I use mp3wallet.com to download youtube videos to mp3. Thanks 11/07/2016 accidents compilation Reply I found a wonderful application you can download songs from soundcloud and 4 share and Anaghami and much more with one-click enjoy https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=dz.free.music.download 11/17/2016 vinay kochhar Reply i found tubemate is better app which can be downloaded from here http://cheategg.com/easy-guide-download-youtube-videos-watch-offline/ 12/14/2016 Vit Shkim Reply http://savefrom.online – It is fast and absolutely free web service to download any video. You can get video in different media formats such as mp4, f4v, 3gp or mp3 high quality. 12/30/2016 mattsone Reply Thank you for these instructions, really helpful!! I used to save YouTube videos to my android phone and desktop with acethinker video downloader, free and works like a charm. Share it here as an alternative to clipconverter. Leave a Reply Cancel Reply Your email address will not be published. Comment Name* Email* Website 27 Best iPhone 7 Cases 01/12/2017 Samsung Galaxy Marshmallow Update Info (2017) 01/11/2017
Advertisement X Classifieds Front page Editor's choice Special features Matric Results World Economic Forum Bye Obama, hello Trump Zuma ANC turns 105 Weather & info Weather Indicators TV Guide Movie Guide News Crime & Courts Politics South Africa Africa World Opinion Back Page Matric Results Politics Business Report Companies Economy Energy Markets Entrepreneurs Technology International Careers Opinion Financial Tools Events Personal finance My Money Debt Financial Planning Medical Cover Invest Insurance Retirement Tax Money tools Sport Soccer Rugby Cricket Boxing Tennis Fifa Opinion Cycling Golf More Sport IOL Sportzone ICC Twenty20 Motoring Latest launches Road tests F1 Motorsport Bikes 4x4 Special Features Industry news Prices & Specs Trucks Entertainment News TV & Radio Movies Music Gossip Books What's On Fun stuff Royals Trevor Noah TV guide Movie guide Grahamstown Festival Lifestyle Love & Sex Health Family Food & Drink Home & Garden Style People BabyNet Competitions GQ Games Dating Travel News South Africa World Tips Olympics Paralympics Live Blog Athletics Swimming Soccer Cycling Rugby Gymnastics Newspapers Classifieds Cape Times Cape Argus Daily News Daily Voice Isolezwe Ilisolezwe Mercury Pretoria News The Post The Star Saturday Star TIOS Sunday Independent Sunday Tribune Weekend Argus Cape Community Matric Results Cape Community Athlone News Atlantic Sun Bolander Cape Towner Constantiaberg Bulletin False Bay Echo Plainsman Sentinel News Southern Mail Southern Suburbs Tatler Table Talk Vukani Bellville & Durbanville Goodwood & Parow Kuils River, Brackenfell & Kraaifontein Multimedia Galleries Videos Other sites BabyNet.co.za Glamour.co.za GQ.co.za Games Dating Jobs IOL Property IOL Sportzone Loot.co.za Classifieds WomanOnline About IOL About IOL Terms and conditions Privacy policy Companies Economy Energy Markets Entrepreneurs Technology International Careers Opinion Financial Tools Events Budget World Economic Forum Raging Bull Awards Financial Planner of the YearIOL Technology ANCWL calls for probe into theft of apartheid billions Zim's data tariffs saga takes nasty turn Blacks and Hispanic workers suffer more Cloudy outlook for US overtime rule Tariff increases at Cell C deemed 'insensitive and reckless' business report technology A new Google Voice is coming soon Technology / 13 January 2017, 09:08am Gene Marks Surfboards lean against a wall at the Google office in Santa Monica, California. Washington - I use Google Voice, and if you're running a small business it's likely that you do too. Google Voice is free and a great service for receiving, storing, transcribing and sharing voice mail messages. I use it as my primary voicemail for my smartphone and get my messages emailed and texted to me -I'd be lost without it. Many business owners, particularly freelancers and solo-preneurs, use it for outbound calling too. Did I mention that it's free? Unfortunately, it seems that Google Voice has been mostly ignored over the past few years. Google's been wrapped up with its other video communication systems like Hangouts, Allo and Duo and didn't seem to have the time give its more popular Voice Over IP phone service an upgrade. So there's good news: TechCrunch reports that a significant update is about to be rolled out. This is something long overdue since, according to TechCrunch, the last notable update was in 2015, and its mobile app hasn't been upgraded since the first half of last year. Read also: Google keen to boost app store In recent years, several competitors have appeared on the scene to offer similar features, particularly popular ones like having a phone number that can ring a user anywhere along with excellent transcription and filtering options. No surprise that more individuals, entrepreneurs and business owners have gravitated towards these better options. As much as I'm looking forward to this upgrade, I'm disappointed that the company hasn't shared what new features we can be expecting. But, as Sarah Perez points out in her TechCrunch report "Google's strategy with regards to its communications apps has been messy, so it will be interesting to see what the new Google Voice entails. The company has a number of communication products, which seem to be in a constant state of flux." Like many other small business owners, I've evaluated some of the mobile communications apps and found them to be enticing--but not enough to draw me away from Google Voice…yet. Let's hope this upgrade keeps us happy. WASHINGTON POST Technology ANCWL calls for probe into theft of apartheid billions Zim's data tariffs saga takes nasty turn Blacks and Hispanic workers suffer more Cloudy outlook for US overtime rule Tariff increases at Cell C deemed 'insensitive and reckless' Most Read How Yahoo came up with its new name - Altaba On jobs, Trump is setting the bar biblically high 'Disconnections to go ahead unless payments are made' When yoga meets Crossfit Peso traders want Twitter shut down Advertisement MORE business report technologyMenu Companies| Economy| Energy| Markets| Entrepreneurs| Technology| International| Careers| Opinion| Financial Tools| Events| business report technologyMenu Companies| Economy| Energy| Markets| Entrepreneurs| Technology| International| Careers| Opinion| Financial Tools| Events| INFO About IOL Front page Market indicators Movie guide Newspapers TV guide Weather SITES BabyNet.co.za Glamour.co.za GQ.co.za Ilisolezwe Isolezwe IOL Jobs IOL Property IOL Sportzone Loot.co.za Classifieds WomanOnline SECTIONS News Politics Business report Sport Motoring Entertainment Lifestyle Travel About IOL Front page Market indicators Movie guide Newspapers TV guide Weather
Subscribe Sign In Home Contact SFGate Classifieds About SFGate About SFGate FAQ SFGate Newsletters SFGate Staff Careers Site Index Hearst About The Chronicle About The Chronicle The Chronicle Staff Become a Subscriber Manage Your Subscription Customer Service Careers e-edition Back Copies Chronicle in Education Corrections Advertise with Us More on Advertising More on Advertising Place a Classified Ad About Our Ads Public Notices Local Business Directory Place an Obituary Gate List Store Privacy policy Privacy policy Ad Choices Chronicle Archives Terms of Use Newsletters Get news alerts SFGate Customer support Get VIP access with SF Chronicle Membership Get SFGate newsletters for the latest from the Bay Check out the Top 100 Bay Area restaurants Local Bay Area & State News Traffic Weather Crime Earthquakes Obituaries Video 2 tossed out of GoCar in wreck in SF’s Mission District S.F. rally to save Obamacare draws Joan Baez, political leaders CIA chief rips Trump over Russia No running away and joining Ringling Bros. News Education Nation World Politics Cannabis Sponsored: CA Clean Energy Stark inequality: Oxfam says 8 men as rich as half the world Thousands rally to resist Republican health law repeal drive PBS: No 'red flag' on funding under Trump, but it's early Thousands rally in California against health law repeal Sports 49ers Raiders Giants A's Warriors Sports Blogs Sports Calendar NFL MLB NBA College Preps Golf Outdoors 49ers interview Tom Cable — plum candidates still busy Warriors’ Curry seems to be back on track since loss to Cavs Report: Ex-49ers coach Kelly interviewed with Jaguars It’s official: Justin Wilcox is Cal’s next football coach Business Scotland Business Opportunities Technology Mortgage Rates Home Guides Public Notices Sponsored Content The Tech Chronicles VisionSF Jobs Buzzfeed dubs Whataburger better than In-N-Out, Shake Shack For young entrepreneurs, college debts can snuff out startup Aerospace firms start recruiting in prekindergarten Air India’s women-only row; Lyft’s big loss; driverless in A&E The Daily Dish Snow Movies Music & Nightlife Performance Art Blogs Events TV Horoscope Comics Crosswords & Puzzles Reno-Tahoe Things To Do Julia Cho’s ‘Aubergine’ wins 2017 Glickman Award The latest from Dear Abby Live Nation acquires major stake in BottleRock festival ‘Patriots Day’ skillfully shoehorns tragedy into formula Food Restaurants Wine Top 100 Restaurants Chronicle Wine Competition Reservations Beer News Inside Scoop SF Healthy Eating Michael Bauer's Blog The Riddler opens in Hayes Valley Announcing the Chronicle's 2017 wine competition winners 10 ideas for where to put the French Laundry’s temporary Cafe St. Jorge gets new owners on Mission Street Living Home & Garden Style Parties Lust LGBT Mommy Files & Parenting Houzz Outdoors Health Blogs Education Sponsored Schools, Camps & Activities Cannabis Underwater towns of Northern California Top 10 home decor trends for 2017 Our favorite Instagram photos of the week - Jan. 14th Travel Monterey-Carmel Weekend Getaways Wine Country Napa Reno-Tahoe Hawaii Mexico Snow Chris McGinnis' Travel Tips Rick Steves: Wandering backstreets of Montmartre Travel Troubleshooter: Amtrak wheelchair-accessible room not safe One Day, One Place: Paddling through heart of Dublin Lower East Side reaching higher as destination Real Estate New Homes Open Homes Luxury Rentals Mortgage Rates Commercial Place an ad Home Guides Home Sales On the Block Blog Hot Property: ‘Simply perfect’ contemporary awaits in Russian Hill Gothic Tudor formerly owned by Nicolas Cage asks $12 Hot Property: Full-floor penthouse inside Haight Ashbury Is this supercool Oakland pad an incredible bargain? Cars Dealers Click and Clack Car Blog My Ride Al's Road to the Big Game Sell Your Car Dreams of a red sports car come true Faraday Future claims Tesla-beating supercar Sporty hatchback joins Honda Civic family 1998 Ford Mustang GT Jobs Job Events Advertise Salary Wizard Get To Work Are thank-you letters enough? Keep these job search habits in 2017 Choose appropiate gifts for job seekers Hurry up and wait Classifieds Chronicle Latest columns Michael Bauer Leah Garchik Bruce Jenkins Esther Mobley Ann Killion Otis R. Taylor Jr. Thomas Lee Matier & Ross Heather Knight Kathleen Pender Scott Ostler Special Report: Forgotten Survivors of AIDS Rising reality: Managing rising sea levels Beyond Homelessness: Tackling SF's epidemic Michael Bauer's Top 100 Restaurants MenuSections http://www.thewrap.com/mixed-year-mobile-ar-drive-108-billion-vrar-market-2021-guest-column/ After Mixed Year, Mobile AR to Drive $108 Billion VR/AR Market by 2021 (Guest Blog) While virtual reality will be big, augmented reality could be even bigger Tim Merel, provided by Published 10:41 pm, Thursday, January 12, 2017 Image 1of/1 Caption Close Image 1 of 1 After Mixed Year, Mobile AR to Drive $108 Billion VR/AR Market by 2021 (Guest Blog) 1 / 1 Back to Gallery “VR will be big, AR will be bigger and take longer.” What sounded revolutionary when we first said it two years ago has become accepted wisdom. But now the market has actually launched, we’ve got 12 months of real-world performance and major tech players’ strategies emerging. And that’s changed our views on VR/AR growth. A lot. Our new Augmented/Virtual Reality Report 2017 base case is that Mobile AR could become the primary driver of a $108 billion VR/AR market by 2021 (underperform $94 billion, outperform $122 billion) with AR taking the lion’s share of $83 billion and VR $25 billion. Also Read: 7 Signs Augmented and Virtual Reality Are Ready for the Masses in 2017 What went right (and wrong) last year Let’s start with less than happy times. Facebook (Oculus Rift) and HTC (Vive) had growing pains at launch, whether slower-than-expected shipping or order cancellations. Oculus launched without Touch controllers, which eventually cost $199 instead of being bundled (i.e., non-PC full system costs hit $798 — same as HTC Vive). Samsung’s Galaxy Note 7 saw part of its mobile VR ambitions literally go up in smoke, as the new Gear VR was designed to be compatible with that flagship device. Magic Leap also received a boatload of speculation about the tech it used to raise $1.4 billion. Thankfully, Nintendo/The Pokémon Company/Niantic had a breakout success that even they didn’t anticipate. “Pokémon Go” delivered $600 million mobile AR revenue in its first three months alone, making more money through the year than the entire VR games software market in 2016. While this came from a very specific set of circumstances, there have been direct knock-on effects for major tech companies’ mobile AR strategies. As well as Sony’s solid launch of Playstation VR, the quiet achiever last year was Google. It launched its Daydream View mobile VR headset/controller and the first Tango mobile AR phone. What helped even more was Snap’s genius launch of Spectacles, which made wearing goofy future glasses cool again (no more Glassholes) even though it isn’t really AR. Also Read: CES 2017: Hollywood Loves VR More Than Ever, But Watch Out for Augmented Reality All out, all change The absolute performance of VR/AR in 2016 was not as important as how it changed the trajectory of the market. Where at the start of the year we thought 2016 could deliver $4.4 billion VR/AR revenue ($3.8 billion VR, $0.6 billion AR), the launch year’s issues resulted in only $2.7 billion VR revenue. This was counterbalanced by the outperformance of “Pokémon Go” helping AR to an unexpected $1.2 billion revenue, for a total $3.9 billion VR/AR market in 2016 (we were 11 percent optimistic). But the last 12 months have fundamentally reshaped how the market could grow going forward. Virtually the same, but different Mobile VR will still produce the dominant “Explorer” (free up to $100) installed base for VR, with Google Daydream View moving things on from Cardboard days. However Samsung’s troubles last year meant that mobile VR didn’t get off to the flying start it could have. A smaller installed base than expected in 2016 reduces the network effects that platforms need to scale, which could slow things by six to 12 months. Mobile VR is still going to be big, but it might take a little longer to get there. Sony’s Playstation VR launch and Microsoft’s upcoming Windows 10 VR headsets are the boosters VR needs, with consumer price points and performance that work for an “Enthusiast” (less than $400) market. Microsoft’s offering with inside-out tracking (inherited from HoloLens) is a game changer at a $299 price point. Plus, it doesn’t need a brand-new PC to run it, which makes it a genuine consumer product. Facebook and HTC’s higher priced offerings and platform requirements are at risk of being squeezed into a low volume “Specialist” (less than $1,500 total system cost including platform) market by Sony and Microsoft. A deep niche populated by whales, but one that could become a narrow trench unless something can be done about price. Also Read: Why Virtual, Augmented and Mixed Reality Are 4th Wave for Digital Entertainment (Guest Blog) Augmented by name In response to “Pokemon Go,” Apple’s Tim Cook said that Apple is “high on AR in the long run…continue to invest a lot in this…AR can be huge.” Google’s Sundar Pichai, Facebook’s Mark Zuckerberg and Microsoft’s Satya Nadella also hailed “Pokemon Go” as a major early win for AR. But there are five big challenges AR needs to conquer for mass consumers: (1) hero device (i.e., an Apple quality device, whether made by Apple or someone else), (2) all-day battery life (3) mobile connectivity, (4) app ecosystem, and (5) telco cross-subsidization. While most attention is paid to what that hero device will look like and when it will get here, two of the other challenges are particularly hard to solve. Until there is a major breakthrough in battery technology, a lightweight pair of AR smartglasses doing heavy-duty AR is hard to power all day without a battery pack or hot swappable batteries (which are fine for enterprise customers, but a harder sell for consumers). This is a non-trivial problem. Plus it’s a major risk for the developer ecosystem to invest heavily in building apps for new platforms until the installed base reaches scale. It’s the perennial chicken-and-egg problem that all new tech platforms face. So where does this leave titans like Apple, Google, Facebook and Microsoft, and all the high-growth AR smartglasses startups? Augmented by nature Mobile AR could conquer the five major challenges for AR to go mass consumer in the short term. Mark Zuckerberg thinks so, “the phone is probably going to be the mainstream consumer platform [where] a lot of these AR features become mainstream, rather than a glasses form factor that people will wear on their face.” Smartphones solve four of the major challenges for mass consumer AR already: all day battery life, mobile connectivity, app ecosystem and telco cross-subsidization. Plus you’re probably reading this on a hero device (iPhone, Samsung or other great Android phone) — it just doesn’t have the sensors and software to be a full AR phone. Yet. “Pokemon Go” is a thin lens into the potential of mobile AR (even if industry insiders don’t like to call it that). The first step to true mobile AR was taken when Google launched its Tango AR phone with Lenovo. While that doesn’t look like the hero device mobile AR needs to take off yet, it points in the direction of the tech that Apple, Samsung and others could use to revitalize innovation and growth in the slowing smartphone market. And this is where mobile AR’s secret weapon comes into play — replacement cycles. It’s free after you’ve paid for it Most developed mobile markets have hit saturation, with sales coming from consumers replacing their phones regularly despite not really needing to. It’s just something that we do. But that replacement cycle has been edging up from under two years toward three years, which is a major headache for Apple, Samsung and others. After nearly a decade of outperformance, Apple saw declining iPhone sales and revenue last year. Samsung’s Kim Gae-youn said it could “secure a baseline profit even if the market stagnates, so long as we don’t make a bad mistake.” And that was before the Galaxy Note 7. Smartphones are a mature market, crying out for innovation to rekindle growth. So it’s no accident that Apple bought Metaio, with speculation in the industry of the core team working in secret deep inside the company. Similarly Samsung’s Sung-Hoon Hong has talked about its “light field engine” that can produce “really, really realistic” holograms that look “really touchable,” and how augmented reality has “much better business development” potential than virtual reality. Qualcomm’s Seshu Madhavapeddy said that its flagship processors could enable phone based AR with significant battery savings and smaller form factors. Neither Apple nor Samsung has said anything specific about their mobile AR plans, but our base assumption is that they could launch AR enabled phones in 2018 (outperform 2017, underperform 2019). Other major phone makers might join them. While there is a chance this could happen in 2017, if an iPhone 7S and Galaxy S8 turn out to be standard phones this year, then next year the iPhone 8 and Galaxy S9 could become the dawn of mass mobile AR. The beauty of this approach is that it doesn’t require consumers to do anything they don’t already do — just replace their iPhones and Samsung phones as usual. If they get everything right, AR phones could become the new hotness to drive mobile growth again. Who wants an old smartphone when you can have a magic window on the world? I want my smartglasses But where (or rather when) are the “true” augmented reality smartglasses we’ve been promised? While you’ll be able to buy your smartglasses from ODG, Meta and others this year, AR smartglasses’ 5 big challenges might not all be resolved before 2019. Smartglasses leaders could remain focused on “Enterprise” (>$1,500 total system costs) and consumer Specialist (<$1,500) markets, until they are able to completely replace your smartphone without a battery pack and also offer a full app ecosystem. For the next few years standalone smartglasses could build a deep high-end market as discretionary purchases independent of the phone you’re going to buy anyway. Smartglasses’ inflection point could come when they begin to cannibalize smartphone sales outright. Apple, Samsung and others could become smartglasses players later (unless Robert Scoble was well informed) as a natural progression from mobile AR, potentially launching them as phone peripherals like smartwatches (only this time cool and disruptive). Google, Facebook, Snap and China’s BAT (Baidu, Alibaba, Tencent) could also have big roles to play. So what next? While the market could play out in many ways, let’s look at what major players’ strategies might be. Things could turn out differently, so we’ll revisit as we learn what is (and isn’t) happening. Facebook is the largest single investor in VR/AR after buying Oculus for $2 billion and investing at least $500 million more. The company began telegraphing what might come next by splitting Oculus into PC and mobile divisions and showcasing two different VR social platforms. Oculus’ PC VR division looks set to remain in VR Specialist and Enthusiast markets because of price, so increasingly doesn’t look like a Facebook-sized (i.e., hundreds of millions to billions of users) asset. Facebook could keep the Oculus PC VR division as a high-end test bed to support mobile VR/AR efforts, or spin it out (like Niantic from Google), merge it (potentially consolidating the high-end PC VR market) or sell it outright. Oculus’ mobile VR division is in a prime position to continue running Samsung’s Gear VR appstore and drive Gear VR innovation. Mark Zuckerberg has already said he believes in mobile AR, but as a non-phone maker Facebook could stick to its roots as a software player in that market. Given its track record as a Snap fast follower, we might end up wearing Facebook “Spectacles” too. Apple is the best-placed of all major tech companies to potentially drive mobile AR, with its end-to-end ecosystem of hardware, software, app store, developers and retail. The company has been characteristically enigmatic despite Tim Cook’s stated enthusiasm for AR, but all it needs are a few additional sensors, integrated Metaio software and some serious intent. As above, our base case sees this happening next year (outperform 2017, underperform 2019). For Apple customers, there would be no marginal cost to buying an AR enabled iPhone — they’re going to buy one anyway. Nurturing a growing ecosystem of apps and developers is second nature for Apple, so in the long run smartglasses as an iPhone peripheral might be a logical next step from Apple’s mobile AR efforts. It doesn’t look like Apple will disrupt itself with standalone smartglasses to replace your iPhone just yet (again unless Robert Scoble was well informed. If so, our outperform case comes into play). Samsung is likely to remain a major player in mobile VR, despite what happened with the Galaxy Note 7. But it’s not a full ecosystem play for mobile VR because Facebook runs its Gear VR appstore. Samsung could stick to its hardware roots with mobile AR using similar timing to Apple, with others driving appstores and software in that market too. Also like Apple, AR smartglasses as a Samsung phone peripheral could become a logical progression from mobile AR long-term. Microsoft’s Satya Nadella focused HoloLens AR/mixed reality on the Enterprise market because of its high spec and price, and going mass consumer doesn’t look likely in coming years. So while you could play Minecraft on HoloLens, you’ll only do so as part of “research” at work. Microsoft’s Windows 10 VR is a game changer for the PC/console VR market with its inside-out tracking, low price and basic platform requirements, and the company is staying true to its Windows playbook with partners HP, Dell, Lenovo, Acer and Asus making the hardware. There’s also a good chance Xbox One Scorpio will see a Windows VR headset bundle at launch to drive console VR growth. Yet despite all its assets, Microsoft doesn’t have a focused mobile VR/AR play apart from Minecraft (a big game, but not a platform). Until a clear strategy emerges, Satya Nadella’s Microsoft risks missing the mobile VR/AR platform shift in the same way Steve Ballmer’s Microsoft did with phones. After its misadventures with Glass, Google is doing the Googliest thing possible for VR/AR — everything. For VR Explorers, Cardboard is a low risk entry point for VR and Daydream View could become the mobile VR leader (whether made by Google or others). Google’s approach with Tango (both in-house and with hardware partners) is at the forefront of the impending mobile AR revolution. However, Apple vs Google in mobile VR/AR could end up looking like iOS vs Android: Apple with a hugely profitable end-to-end mobile AR ecosystem, Google enabling a larger open mobile VR/AR ecosystem to drive its core search advertising and Google Play revenues. A good result either way. Speculation about a merged Tango/Daydream standard using Tango sensors for VR might require a new form factor to the current closed back Daydream View, and it’s still too early to make a call on a potential Google Glass 2. The console/PC VR market should also see Sony continue to drive core games revenues with PSVR, while HTC’s Cher Wang could consider how to make the HTC Vive more accessible to a mass consumer audience in terms of price. HTC might also adopt a Facebook-style dual PC/mobile VR strategy and enter mobile AR, but would need to grow its core phone market share to scale. Intel’s Project Alloy all-in-one VR headsets look set to shake up the VR Specialist market when they launch later in the year. And what about all the exciting VR/AR startups (now including Snap)? More on that next time, but from here the only way for VR/AR is up. Roll on, 2017. You can find all the detailed installed base and revenue forecasts (and a whole lot more) in Digi-Capital’s new 121 page Augmented/Virtual Reality Report 2017 (and free bundled VR/AR investment/M&A database). Read original story After Mixed Year, Mobile AR to Drive $108 Billion VR/AR Market by 2021 (Guest Blog) At TheWrap Latest from the SFGATE homepage: Click below for the top news from around the Bay Area and beyond. Sign up for our newsletters to be the first to learn about breaking news and more. Go to 'Sign In' and 'Manage Profile' at the top of the page. LATEST NEWS Two tossed out of GoCar in SF Mission wreck 49ers ripped for interviewing ex-Raiders head coach Former deputy arrested in Sacramento house shooting Woman climbs out of crashed car, survives night in tree Buzzfeed picks this burger over In-N-Out, Shake Shack Local teacher found guilty of child molestation, could get life Author responds to Steve Harvey’s Asian men joke Police beat black man suspected of stealing car. It was his. The best-selling artist born in each state Most disproportionately popular TV show in each state Most streamed show on Netflix in each state Study: Best and worst states for love Outgoing CIA chief rips into Trump over tweets, Russia This is what could happen if Obamacare is repealed Hunters claiming to be shot by Mexicans shot each other Facebook will filter 'fake news' in Germany Photography festival coming to San Francisco Foo Fighters, Tom Petty to headline BottleRock 2017 TODAY'S TOP PICKS The best of this weekend's NFL playoff memes Underwater towns of Northern California 'Simply perfect' contemporary awaits in Piedmont Pines SFGATE'S BEST DEALS Sponsored Get 66% off these waterproof bags to keep your things dry in... Save half off this commuter-friendly bag to carry your... Most Popular 1 Fake news? That didn't stop Sid Miller from spreading it 2 Outgoing CIA chief rips into Trump on Russia threat 3 Richmond teacher faces life in prison after being found guilty... 4 ‘SNL': Watch Golden Showers Ruin Alec Baldwin’s Trump’s... 5 Video shows police tackling and beating a black man suspected... 6 Noisy Air Force transport jets startle Marin County residents 7 Before-and-after photos show California storm's insane impact... 8 American Apparel to close all of its stores 9 Underwater towns of Northern California 10 Israel says Nazi camp excavations unearth link to Anne Frank LATEST NEWS Two tossed out of GoCar in SF Mission wreck 49ers ripped for interviewing ex-Raiders head coach Former deputy arrested in Sacramento house shooting Woman climbs out of crashed car, survives night in tree Buzzfeed picks this burger over In-N-Out, Shake Shack Local teacher found guilty of child molestation, could get life Author responds to Steve Harvey’s Asian men joke Police beat black man suspected of stealing car. It was his. The best-selling artist born in each state View Comments © 2017 Hearst Communications, Inc. Logo Return to Top About Our Company Careers Advertising Ad Choices Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Contact Customer Service Newsroom Contacts Connect Sign up for Email Alerts Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google Instagram Subscribe SFChronicle.com App e-edition The Chronicle Archives Subscription Offers Store Subscriber Services Hearst Newspapers © Copyright Hearst Communications, Inc.
News Deals Cell Phone Plans Apps & Games Reviews The Best Forums more Giveaways Features How To Android Development About Contact Advertise Newsletter VRSource SoundGuys TabTimes Charged Trending Pixel XL OnePlus 3T Huawei Mate 9 Honor Magic Galaxy S7 edge Hey there, We have a new app! The best way to stay connected to the Android pulse everywhere. Our new app contains all the top Android news, reviews, app & games and the best deals just for you. Now with Disqus profile integration. Get it on Android Authority newsletter The best way to stay connected to the Android pulse. Our main newsletter is the Android Weekly which is sent every Sunday and contains all the top Android news, reviews and features from the past week. The best way to stay connected to the Android pulse. Android Weekly Breaking News Alerts Trending Articles Review Alerts Deals Alerts View previous campaigns 100% Privacy, No Spam Policy: We value privacy and your email address will be 100% secure. We hate spam just like you do and will never send you too much email, nor will we ever share your information with anyone. Buy now! Name: Subject: Message: Enhancing your Android app with Bluetooth features Android Developmentby Jessica Thornsby3 days ago 475 4 Bluetooth provides users with a quick and easy way of exchanging data between a wide range of different devices, but there’s a couple of reasons why Bluetooth is particularly popular among mobile users: It’s wireless – because no-one wants to carry cables around with them on the off-chance that they might need to exchange data with another device at some point during the day. It’s not dependent on other networks. You don’t have to hunt down an open Wi-Fi network every time you want to use Bluetooth. Bluetooth doesn’t use your mobile network, so don’t worry about burning through your monthly data allowance. In this article I’m going to show you how to give your Android apps the ability to discover and connect with other Bluetooth-enabled devices. What your app does once it makes this connection will vary from app-to-app, but I’ll also be outlining the steps you’ll typically take to send data from one device to another – you can then tweak this formula to suit what you specifically want to achieve with your app’s Bluetooth connection. Note that this article uses Classic Bluetooth, which will be suitable for the majority of use cases. However, if you’re designing an application that targets devices with stricter power requirements, such as Google Beacons, heart rate monitors or fitness devices, then you may want to look into Bluetooth Low Energy (BLE) instead. Why should I care about Bluetooth? Adding Bluetooth functionality to your app can improve the user experience in a number of ways. The most obvious is giving your users an easy way of sharing your app’s content, for example if you’ve developed a calendar app then your users might appreciate being able to share their schedules with friends, family and colleagues. Sometimes users may already have a way of sharing your app’s content, for example by using their device’s stock apps, but this doesn’t automatically mean they won’t appreciate being able to access the same functionality from inside your app. Imagine you’ve created a camera app – users can already share photos via the stock Gallery or Photos apps, but having to launch a separate app every time they want to share a photo is going to get really frustrating, really fast. In this scenario, integrating Bluetooth functionality into your app has the potential to greatly improve the user experience. Alternatively, you could set your sights on developing an app that’ll improve the user’s Bluetooth experience as a whole (if you need some inspiration, then take a look at some of the Bluetooth applications already available on Google Play). While exchanging content may be the first thing that springs to mind when you think about Bluetooth, you can use Bluetooth for much more than simply moving files between devices. For example, you could design an app that uses Bluetooth to control other devices, such as an automation app that can execute tasks on the various Bluetooth-enabled devices around the user’s home or office. This area is particularly exciting since we’re seeing a greater variety of Bluetooth-enabled devices than ever before, which means more opportunities to design new and unique experiences for your users. Basically, there’s lots of ways that you can use Bluetooth to enhance your applications – and Bluetooth functionality doesn’t always have to be limited to sending files from one device to another. Bluetooth Permissions If your app is going to do anything Bluetooth-related, then it’ll need to request the BLUETOOTH permission, which allows your app to perform essential tasks such as enabling Bluetooth on the user’s device, connecting to other devices, and transferring data. Your app may also need to request the BLUETOOTH_ADMIN permission. Specifically, you’ll need to request this permission before your app can perform any of the following tasks: Initiating device discovery. We’ll be looking at issuing discovery requests later in this article, but essentially this is where a device scans the local area for other Bluetooth-enabled devices to connect to. Performing device pairing. Changing the device’s Bluetooth settings. You declare one, or both of these permissions by adding them to your app’s Manifest: <manifest ... >
<uses-permission android:name="android.permission.BLUETOOTH" />
<uses-permission android:name="android.permission.BLUETOOTH_ADMIN" />
...
</manifest> Does the device even support Bluetooth? Another important step, is verifying that the current device actually supports Bluetooth. While the majority of Android devices do feature Bluetooth hardware and software, the Android platform runs on such a wide range of devices that you should never assume that your app will have access to certain functionality – even when it’s something as common as Bluetooth. To check whether a device supports Bluetooth, your app should attempt to acquire the device’s BluetoothAdapter, using the BluetoothAdapter class and the static getDefaultAdapter method. If getDefaultAdapter returns null then the device doesn’t support Bluetooth, and you should notify the user that they’ll be unable to use your app’s Bluetooth features as a result. BluetoothAdapter bluetoothAdapter = BluetoothAdapter.getDefaultAdapter();
if (bluetoothAdapter == null) {

//Display a toast notifying the user that their device doesn’t support Bluetooth//

Toast.makeText(getApplicationContext(),"This device doesn’t support Bluetooth",Toast.LENGTH_SHORT).show();
}
else {

//If BluetoothAdapter doesn’t return null, then the device does support Bluetooth//

...
... If Bluetooth isn’t available on the current device, then in the interests of providing a good user experience you should disable all of your app’s features that rely on Bluetooth. The last thing you want is the user trying to access these features, discover they’re not working and subsequently leave  a negative review claiming that your application is broken. Enabling Bluetooth Once you’ve verified that the device does actually support Bluetooth, you’ll need to check whether Bluetooth is enabled, by calling the isEnabled method. This method will either return true (if it’s enabled) or false (if it’s disabled). If isEnabled returns false, then you’ll need to issue a dialogue requesting that the user switches their device’s Bluetooth on. The system will then call your Activity’s onActivityResult method and pass it the user’s response. The onActivityResult method takes the following parameters: The request code you passed to startActivityForResult. This can be anything you want; in the following example I’m going to use ENABLE_BT_REQUEST_CODE. The resultCode. If Bluetooth has been successfully enabled, then the resultCode will be RESULT_OK. If Bluetooth wasn’t enabled (either due to an error or because the user chose not to enable it) then the resultCode will be RESULT_CANCELED. An Intent that carries the result data. In the following code, we’re checking whether Bluetooth is enabled and then issuing a dialogue if it isn’t: if (!bluetoothAdapter.isEnabled()) {

    //Create an intent with the ACTION_REQUEST_ENABLE action, which we’ll use to display our system Activity//
    intent enableIntent = new Intent(BluetoothAdapter.ACTION_REQUEST_ENABLE);

    //Pass this intent to startActivityForResult(). ENABLE_BT_REQUEST_CODE is a locally defined integer that must be greater than 0,
    //for example private static final int ENABLE_BT_REQUEST_CODE = 1//
    startActivityForResult(enableIntent, ENABLE_BT_REQUEST_CODE);
    Toast.makeText(getApplicationContext(), "Enabling Bluetooth!", Toast.LENGTH_LONG).show();
} Now let’s take a look at our onActivityResult() implementation: @Override
public void onActivityResult(int requestCode, int resultCode, Intent data) {

    //Check what request we’re responding to//
    if (requestCode == ENABLE_BT_REQUEST_CODE) {

        //If the request was successful…//
        if (resultCode == Activity.RESULT_OK) {

            //...then display the following toast.//
            Toast.makeText(getApplicationContext(), "Bluetooth has been enabled”,
            Toast.LENGTH_SHORT).show();
        }

        //If the request was unsuccessful...//
        if(resultCode == RESULT_CANCELED){

            //...then display this alternative toast.//
            Toast.makeText(getApplicationContext(), "An error occurred while attempting to enable Bluetooth",
            Toast.LENGTH_SHORT).show();
        }
    }
} Finding devices to connect to If your app is going to exchange data over Bluetooth, then it needs to find remote devices to exchange data with. This means either: Querying the list of paired devices. If the local device has a list of known devices, then your app can retrieve this information and display it to the user. The user can then decide which device (if any) they want to connect to. Scanning the area for nearby Bluetooth-enabled devices, by initiating device discovery. If another device is in the local area and that device is currently in a discoverable state, then this device will respond to your discovery request. Making the local device discoverable. When the local device is discoverable, any device that’s scanning the area will be able to “see” your device, and potentially connect to it. In the following section, we’re going to look at how each of these methods works in more detail, and how you can implement them in your app. Retrieving the list of paired devices It’s possible that the user may want to connect to a device that they’ve already discovered, so you should always check the list of devices that the user has previously connected to, before looking for new devices. You retrieve this list by calling the getBondedDevices method, which will return a set of BluetoothDevice objects representing devices that are paired to the local adapter. You can then capture each device’s unique public identifier (using getName) and its MAC address (using getAddress) and present this information to the user. In the following snippet I’m checking for a list of paired devices and then retrieving information about each device in this list. Since you’ll eventually want to display this information to the user, I’m also laying the groundwork for adding these details to a ListView, so the user will be able to select the device they want to connect to. Set<BluetoothDevice> pairedDevices = mBluetoothAdapter.getBondedDevices();

// If there’s 1 or more paired devices...//
if (pairedDevices.size() > 0) {

    //...then loop through these devices//
    for (BluetoothDevice device : pairedDevices) {
        //Retrieve each device’s public identifier and MAC address. Add each device’s name and address to an ArrayAdapter, ready to incorporate into a
        //ListView
        mArrayAdapter.add(device.getName() + "\n" + device.getAddress());
    }
} Discovering new devices If you’ve queried the list of paired devices and either a) didn’t find any devices or b) the user chose not to connect to any of these known devices, then you’ll need to look for new devices to connect to. At this point you have two options: either make the local device discoverable and wait for an incoming discovery request, or take the initiative and issue a discovery request yourself. Entering discoverable mode If you want the local device to accept incoming connection requests, then you’ll need to issue a dialogue requesting that the user makes their device discoverable. You do this, by calling startActivityForResult(Intent, int) with the ACTION_REQUEST_DISCOVERABLE intent. Once the user responds to this dialogue, the system will call the onActivityResult method and pass the requestCode and the resultCode. This resultCode will either be: RESULT_OK. The device is now discoverable. This field also contains information about how long the device will be discoverable for. RESULT_CANCELED. The user decided not to make their device discoverable, or an error occurred. Let’s take a look at an example: public static final int REQUEST_DISCOVERABLE_CODE = 2;
 …
 …
Intent discoveryIntent = new Intent(BluetoothAdapter.ACTION_REQUEST_DISCOVERABLE);

//Specify how long the device will be discoverable for, in seconds.//
discoveryIntent.putExtra(BluetoothAdapter.EXTRA_DISCOVERABLE_DURATION, 400);
startActivity(discoveryIntent);
} By default a device will remain discoverable for 120 seconds, but you can request a different duration using the EXTRA_DISCOVERABLE_DURATION field and an integer value, as I’ve done in the above code. If you do include the EXTRA_DISCOVERABLE_DURATION field, then the maximum value you can use is 3600 – try to use anything higher, and EXTRA_DISCOVERABLE_DURATION will default to 120. You should also never set EXTRA_DISCOVERABLE_DURATION to 0 as this will make the device permanently discoverable, which is a great way of draining the user’s battery and potentially compromising their privacy to boot. Issuing a discovery request Alternatively, your app can tell the local device to go looking for new devices to connect to, by issuing a discovery request. Your app can start the discovery process, by calling the startDiscovery method. Since the discovery process is asynchronous, it’ll immediately return a boolean value that you can use to inform the user whether discovery was started successfully. if (bluetoothAdapter.startDiscovery()) {

    //If discovery has started, then display the following toast....//
    Toast.makeText(getApplicationContext(), "Discovering other bluetooth devices...",
    Toast.LENGTH_SHORT).show();
} else {

    //If discovery hasn’t started, then display this alternative toast//
    Toast.makeText(getApplicationContext(), "Something went wrong! Discovery has failed to start.",
    Toast.LENGTH_SHORT).show();
}
 To ensure your app gets notified whenever a new device is discovered, you’ll need to register a BroadcastReceiver for the ACTION_FOUND intent. //Register for the ACTION_FOUND broadcast//
IntentFilter filter = new IntentFilter(BluetoothDevice.ACTION_FOUND);
registerReceiver(broadcastReceiver, filter);

//Create a BroadcastReceiver for ACTION_FOUND//
private final BroadcastReceiver broadcastReceiver = new BroadcastReceiver() {
public void onReceive(Context context, Intent intent) {
String action = intent.getAction();

//Whenever a remote Bluetooth device is found...//
if (BluetoothDevice.ACTION_FOUND.equals(action)) {

    //….retrieve the BluetoothDevice object and its EXTRA_DEVICE field, which contains information about the device’s characteristics and capabilities//
    BluetoothDevice device = intent.getParcelableExtra(BluetoothDevice.EXTRA_DEVICE);

    //You’ll usually want to display information about any devices you discover, so here I’m adding each device’s name and address to an ArrayAdapter,
    //which I’d eventually incorporate into a ListView//
    adapter.add(bluetoothDevice.getName() + "\n" + bluetoothDevice.getAddress());
}
  }
};
 The onDestroy looks like this: @Override
protected void onDestroy() {
   super.onDestroy();
   ...
   ...

   //Cut down on unnecessary system overhead, by unregistering the ACTION_FOUND receiver//
   this.unregisterReceiver(broadcastReceiver);
} Discovery consumes a lot of the Bluetooth adapter’s resources, so you should never attempt to connect to a remote device while discovery is in progress – always call cancelDiscovery before attempting to connect to a remote device. Device discovery also significantly reduces the bandwidth available for any existing connections, so you should also never launch discovery while the local device is still connected to another device, as this existing connection will experience reduced bandwidth and high latency as a result. Making the connection Once the user has found the device they want to connect to, it’s finally time to create a Bluetooth connection. Bluetooth follows the client-server model, where one device acts as the server and the other acts as the client. How your app connects to a remote device will vary depending on whether the local device is acting as the server or the client: The server. The device uses a BluetoothServerSocket to open a listening server socket and wait for incoming connection requests. Once the server accepts a connection request, it’ll receive the client’s BluetoothSocket information. The client. This device uses the BluetoothSocket to initiate an outgoing connection. Once the server accepts the client’s connection request, the client will provide the BluetoothSocket information. Once the server and the client have a connected BluetoothSocket on the same RFCOMM channel, your app is ready to start communicating with the remote device. Note that if these two devices haven’t been paired previously, then the Android framework will automatically display a pairing request as part of the connection procedure, so this is one thing you don’t have to worry about! In this section we’re going to look at how to establish a connection from both sides of the equation: when the local device is functioning as the client, and when the local device is functioning as the server. Client To initiate a connection with a remote “server” device, you need to obtain a BluetoothDevice object and then use it to acquire a BluetoothSocket. You do this, by calling createRfcommSocketToServiceRecord(UUID), for example: BluetoothSocket socket = bluetoothDevice.createRfcommSocketToServiceRecord(uuid); The UUID (Universally Unique Identifier) parameter is a standardized 128-bit format string ID that uniquely identifies your app’s Bluetooth service. Whenever a client attempts to connect to a server, it’ll carry a UUID that identifies the service it’s looking for. The server will only accept a connection request if the client’s UUID matches the one registered with the listening server socket. You can generate a UUID string using an online UUID generator, and then convert that string to a UUID like this: private final static UUID uuid = UUID.fromString("your-unique-UUID"); When you call the createRfcommSocketToServiceRecord(UUID) method, the UUID passed here must match the UUID that the server device used to open its BluetoothServerSocket. After you’ve completed these steps, your app can initiate an outgoing connection request by calling the connect() method. The system will then perform a Service Discovery Protocol (SDP) lookup on the remote device and search for a service that has a matching UUID. If it finds this service then a connection will be established over a shared RFCOMM channel. Note that the connect() method will block the current thread until a connection is either accepted or an exception occurs, so you should never run connect() from the main UI thread. If the connection fails, or the connect() method times out, then the method will throw a {java.io.IOException}. RFCOMM can only support one connected client per channel at a time, so once you’re done with your BluetoothSocket you’ll typically want to call close(). This will close the socket and release all its resources, but crucially it won’t close the Bluetooth connection that you’ve just made to the remote device. Server In this scenario, both devices have a server socket open and are listening for incoming connections. Either device can initiate a connection, and the other device will automatically become the client. To setup the local device as a server, your app needs to acquire a BluetoothServerSocket, by calling listenUsingRfcommWithServiceRecord. For example: bluetoothServerSocket = bluetoothAdapter.listenUsingRfcommWithServiceRecord(myName, myUUID); The listenUsingRfcommWithServiceRecord method takes two parameters. We’ve already looked at the UUID, and the string parameter is just the name of your service. This name is arbitrary, so you may want to use the name of your application. The system will automatically write this string to a new SDP database entry on the local device. At this point, the server device will be able to start listening for incoming connection requests by calling the accept() method. Note that accept will block any other interaction until either a connection has been accepted or an exception has occurred, so you shouldn’t execute accept() on the main UI thread. Once the server has accepted an incoming connection request, accept() will return a connected BluetoothSocket. Again, RFCOMM will only allow one connected client per channel, so you should make sure you’re not unnecessarily hogging system resources by calling close() on the BluetoothServerSocket once you’ve acquired a BluetoothSocket. Transferring data Once the server device and client device each have a connected BluetoothSocket, your app is ready to start communicating with the remote device. The specifics will vary depending on how you want your app to use its newly-forged Bluetooth connection, but as a rough guideline, you transfer data between two remote devices by completing the following steps: Call getInputStream and getOutputStream on the BluetoothSocket. Use the read() method to start listening for incoming data. Send data to a remote device by calling the thread’s write() method and passing it the bytes you want to send. Note that both the read() and write() methods are blocking calls, so you should always run them from a separate thread. Wrapping Up Armed with this information, you should be ready to create applications that can access the device’s Bluetooth hardware and software, and use it to discover and connect with other Bluetooth-enabled devices in the local area. Let us know in the comments how you plan on using Android’s Bluetooth support in your own apps! Android Development Android, Bluetooth, Android Development, Android SDK Android, Android Development, Android SDK, Bluetooth Jessica Thornsby Deals 88% Unblock All: Lifetime Subscription $313 $39 88% PureVPN: Lifetime Subscription $597 $69 80% Brain.fm: Lifetime Subscription $199.99 $39 Pay What You Want: Learn to Code 2017 Bundle $1,573.00 $35 Leave a comment The Best   Best Android phones androidauthority   Best Fitness Trackers androidauthority   Best Android Watches androidauthority   Best Bluetooth Speaker soundguys   Best Wireless Bluetooth Earbuds soundguys   Best Headphones of 2016 soundguys Sunday Giveaway   Google Pixel XL International Giveaway! 6 hours ago22 comments Subscribe to Our Weekly Newsletter SUBSCRIBE The field is required Please enter a valid email address Latest News   Moto Z and Moto Z Droid Android 7.0 kernel source code ready for tinkering 46 minutes ago   LG G6 promised to be safer from explosions and overheating 3 hours ago   Which Fitbit is right for you? (January 2017) 5 hours ago   Must read: top 10 Android stories 6 hours ago   Google Pixel XL International Giveaway! 6 hours ago Latest Reviews   HTC announces the mid-range HTC U Play 4 days ago   HTC U Ultra hands-on: a major change for HTC 4 days ago 7.8  HTC Bolt review: the better data speed might not be worth it 5 days ago Android Authority APP Get it on About Contact Advertise Newsletter Your source for all things Android! About Contact Advertise Newsletter © 2017 Android Authority | All Rights Reserved.
Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Share on Skype (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) Like this: Like Loading..." /> Edition: International | About Us Contact Us Privacy Policy Terms of Use News Release Article Submission Saturday 14 January, 2017 Breaking News > Environment, Latest Stories, World EPA says it can’t pay economic damages from... Trending Topics: -Demonetisation - Donald Trump - India v/s England Cricket - South Asia - Elections EPA says it can't pay economic damages from mine spill 'Melrose Place' actress won't do more time for fatal crash Divorce file: Prince, 2nd wife lived luxurious lifestyle US policy change on Cuban migrants leaves many stranded US stock indexes end mostly higher on solid bank earnings Business World INDIA Delhi/NCR Sports Football Hockey Cricket Politics Entertainment Environment Technology space Health Op – eds Home Latest Stories Art & Lifestyle Food & Drinks Spirituality Travel Videos Press Release E- PAPER Published On: Fri, Jan 13th, 2017 Latest Stories / Technology | By New Delhi Times Bureau Google Brings Silicon Valley to Entrepreneurs Around World Share This Tags Google may be famous for its search engine and its numerous internet-related services, but the Silicon Valley giant also has an international physical presence through an initiative called Google for Entrepreneurs, which aims to promote entrepreneurialism all over the globe. “Entrepreneurship and innovation are thriving all over the world, not just here in Silicon Valley,” said Mary Grove, director of Google for Entrepreneurs. “We see that all over the world, so it’s really exciting to see this tidal wave. It’s never been easier, in some ways, to start a company and your audience has never had the potential to be more global.” The internet makes that possible. Grove said startups and entrepreneurs are the backbone of economic development. “We ourselves began as a startup in a garage about 18 years ago and we’ve really been through the entrepreneurial journey and understand some of the challenges, some of the opportunities,” she said. “Now, 18 years later, we really want to be a platform to help empower the next generation of startups to launch and grow and ultimately be successful.” Headquartered in Mountain View, California, Google for Entrepreneurs created Google campuses in London, Madrid, Sao Paulo, Warsaw, Tel Aviv and Seoul. Each campus provides combined working and meeting spaces that are free and open for anyone in the startup community. Entrepreneurs can network, attend classes and collaborate with mentors to help their startups grow. Korean entrepreneur Yeram Kwon has attended events at Google’s Seoul campus. “Through these events I could learn new business opportunities or new ideas relative to a business problem, Kwon said. Baby-friendly spaces The global campuses all feature a bit of Silicon Valley’s innovative culture. One example is a nine-week, parent-friendly accelerator program called Campus for Moms. In the startup world, an accelerator is an intensive program in which entrepreneurs work to achieve a goal for their business within a short time. This program condenses the curriculum into one day a week for nine weeks, making it easier for entrepreneurs with small children to attend. And they can also bring the kids to campus. In this case, parents can bring their young children onto Google’s campuses while working on their startups. These spaces have cry rooms, play rooms and feeding rooms. Outside the six global campuses, Google for Entrepreneurs also works with partner programs in other regions of the world to reach even more entrepreneurs. “Being partners means a few things. One, it does mean financial support and resources to help grow and run their organizations, and more importantly to us, it means being part of this global community that is truly a network,” Grove said. As an example, “we may work with an amazing organization like Startup Grind, which starts [nurturing startup ecosystems] in a couple dozen cities, and our help and support is able to expand their work to over 80 cities,” she said. Entrepreneurial ecosystem Grove said the key to creating a healthy entrepreneurial environment is to have a talent pool, a business-friendly government, and a culture that is not afraid of taking risks. One such place is South Korea. “It is true that entrepreneurs are considered as risk-takers in Korea. Most Korean people think that it is much safer to work for big companies like Samsung and LG because there is more risk if you choose to be an entrepreneur in Korea,” Kwon said. “But recently that kind of perception has changed a lot since the Korean government and companies like Google have supported many startups,” Kwon added. Access to capital is another key component to a healthy startup environment, Grove said. And Google for Entrepreneurs works with numerous partners around the world to find financial resources. “We know capital is concentrated now in Silicon Valley. How can we work in some of these markets to help foster the next generation of angel investors or seed investors, bringing in international investors and helping them have visibility in these markets?” she asked. Since launching globally in 2012, through its campuses and partner programs, Google for Entrepreneurs said it has reached 330,000 entrepreneurs in 140 countries, raising $1.8 billion in funding while creating more than 20,000 new jobs through these startups. Credit : Voice of America (VOA) | Photo Credit: AP Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Share on Skype (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) Like this: Like Loading... Related About the Author New Delhi Times Bureau - Related News EPA says it can’t pay economic damages from mine spill ‘Melrose Place’ actress won’t do more time for fatal crash Divorce file: Prince, 2nd wife lived luxurious lifestyle US policy change on Cuban migrants leaves many stranded Tweet Pin It New Delhi Times A-2/59 Safdarjung Enclave New Delhi 110029, INDIA +91 11 26102520 info@newdelhitimes.com Top Posts & Pages Flaring of Peace Education in India New formula could facilitate India’s NSG entry US-China Cooperation in Space: The possibilities and hazards Subscribe Enter your email address Email Address Copyright © New Delhi Times , All Rights Reserved 2016, info@newdelhitimes.com Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. %d bloggers like this:
NEWS TUTORIALS WIZARDS ANSWERS STORE NEWS TUTORIALS WIZARDS ANSWERS STORE How to Save Your SHSH2 Blobs Using Tsschecker (Windows) How to Save Your SHSH2 Blobs Using Tsschecker (Mac) Busy Shapes is Apple's Free App of the Week [Download] Peter Thiel Confirms 'The Age of Apple is Over' Twelve South Unveils New RelaxedLeather Shell Case for the iPhone 7 Apple Posts Four New 'iPhone 7 + AirPods' Ads [Video] KORG Gadget for iOS Makes Its Way to Mac iPhone 8 to Feature IP68 Water Resistance? Safari Users Can't Watch Newly Posted YouTube Videos in 4K Download the Pocket Anatomy App for Free [Deal] Apple Posts New Ad for the Apple Watch Series 2 [Video] Consumer Reports Now Recommends New MacBook Pro Following Retest With Updated Version of MacOS [Video] Ecobee Remote Sensors Can Now Be Used as HomeKit Temperature and Occupancy Sensors Opera Releases New 'Neon' Concept Browser for Mac [Download] Google Announces Updated Ride Services Experience for Google Maps [Video] Apple is Now Accepting tvOS Binaries Up to 4GB in Size Foxconn and Sharp Consider Building LCD Plant in the U.S. Snapchat Gets Universal Search Apple Seeds iOS 10.2.1 Beta 4 to Developers [Download] Apple Seeds macOS Sierra 10.12.3 Beta 4 to Developers [Download] Google Announces Updated Ride Services Experience for Google Maps [Video] LIKE   TWEET   SHARE   PIN   SHARE   POST MAIL MORE Posted January 13, 2017 at 6:24am by iClarified · 4204 views · Translate Google has announced an updated ride services experience for Google Maps that aims to make it easier to book a ride directly from the app. "From booking a ride to reserving a table at a local restaurant, booking your favorite fitness class to ordering delivery for a night in, Google Maps no longer just shows you the information you're looking for. It also makes it easier to get things done in the real world — all in one place." A new look With today's updates, you'll now see more types of ride options and more actionable information. When you open ride services mode, instead of a long list of ride service providers and ride options, you’ll see the map you know and love, along with a carousel of ride service providers in your area. Just tap on your preferred provider to see a complete list of ride options and special offers or promotions. Book an Uber ride directly within Google Maps We’re also trying out a new integration that lets you book, complete and pay for an Uber ride without ever leaving Google Maps—even if you don’t have the Uber app installed on your device. Once you sign into your existing Uber account (or create one), you can book an Uber ride, track your driver on the map, and connect with your driver—all from within the Google Maps app. Here’s how it works: You can even take a look at information about your destination while en route. So menus, hours and other helpful details are only a swipe away. You can download Google Maps from the App Store for free. Download Follow iClarified Comments Add Comment Recent Follow iClarified Facebook Twitter Google Plus Tumblr Pinterest LinkedIn YouTube RSS Download iClarified Get the iClarified app for iPhone, iPad, iPod touch, Mac OS X, and Apple Watch! App Store Mac App Store Subscribe to iClarified Get the iClarified newsletter right to your email! Subscribe Now Explore iClarified Finder News Tutorials Answers Wizards Search Comments Bookmarks Calendar Contact iClarified Advertise on iClarified Send Us a Tip Contact Us Follow iClarified Facebook Twitter Google Plus Tumblr Pinterest LinkedIn YouTube RSS Download iClarified Get the iClarified app for iPhone, iPad, iPod touch, Mac OS X, and Apple Watch! App Store Mac App Store Subscribe to iClarified Get the iClarified newsletter right to your email! Subscribe Now Explore iClarified Finder, News, Tutorials, Answers, Wizards, Search, Comments, Bookmarks, Calendar Contact iClarified Advertise on iClarified, Send Us a Tip, Contact Us Copyright © iClarified. All rights reserved. Privacy. Content.
January 16, 2017 Follow @DEagleOnline Facebook Google Plus LinkedIn RSS Feed Twitter YouTube The Eagle Online The Nigerian Online Newspaper Menu Skip to content Home News Sport Politics Columns Business Life & Style Crime R&D Health Diet and Fitness Intimacy Entertainment Photos Fashion Movies Music Advert Rates Search Peterside says NIMASA positioned to increase Nigeria’s GDP Borno spends N1b on hospital equipment destroyed by Boko Haram Ecology: Gov. Ahmed seeks FG's support Recession: Aregbesola charges graduates to embrace agriculture Why we work hands-in-glove with Fayose - Ekiti Assembly RRS nabs Lagos kingpin, syndicate members, recovers fake dollars Plateau owes retired workers N12b gratuity Tambuwal solicits support for families of fallen soldiers Adeboye’s retirement dominates Google trend Posted by Segun Adebowale on January 13, 2017 in News | Leave a response Taiwo Kola-Ogunlade, Google’s Communications and Public Affairs Manager for Anglophone West Africa, made the disclosure in Lagos on Thursday Share this: WhatsApp Telegram Email Septuagenarian General Overseer of the Redeemed Christian Church of God, Pastor Enoch Adeboye’s recent retirement announcement was top on Google search this week. Taiwo Kola-Ogunlade, Google’s Communications and Public Affairs Manager for Anglophone West Africa, made the disclosure in Lagos on Thursday. Kola-Ogunlade said the search was from January 4 to 11. The spokesman said that with the brand new year, came some brand new surprises. Kola-Ogunlade said: “Among the surprises were the retirement of Pastor Adeboye as the General Overseer of the RCCG and the spectacle of Pretty Mike, parading girls in chains at a wedding party and some others, including the first death in Nollywood. “Adeboye recently announced his retirement as the general overseer, with his former Special Assistant on Finance, Pastor Joseph Obayemi as his successor. “It is believed his stepping down is the result of the controversial corporate governance code of the Financial Reporting Council of Nigeria. “The code stipulates mandatory office tenure for general overseers of all registered churches in the country.” Kola-Ogunlade said that popular Lagos club owner Mike Eze-Nwalie Nwogu was in the news again with his not-too-pretty scene in a wedding. He said that Mike, who was rumoured in December last year as being in a relationship with Bobrisky, was recently seen attending a wedding with two ladies chained at the neck. He said that Mike was the co-owner of Club Uno, formerly Q Club on Allen Avenue, Ikeja. Kola-Ogunlade said that the first death recorded in the entertainment sector recently also got online attention. He said: “Despite the excitement of the New Year, it was not enough to stop the death of Toyin Majekodunmi, Nollywood’s veteran Yoruba actress, popularly known as Iya Kike. “Before her death, the actress worked with the Lagos State Ministry of Information for many years. She was married to a fellow actor, Solomon Majekodunmi, popularly known as Baba Kekere.” The Google manager said the rumoured assassination of the Gambia’s President-elect, Adams Barrow, got people’s attention online. Kola-Ogunlade said: “Gambia’s President-elect, Adama Barrow has not been assassinated, contrary to rumours that went around on social media. “Barrow, whose election result was challenged in court by the sitting President Yahya Jammeh, awaits the resolve of leaders from the ECOWAS mediation initiative as they try to persuade Jammeh to step down from power. “ECOWAS has given Jammeh up till Jan. 19 to quit office to allow the swearing in of Barrow on January 20.” Kola-Ogunlade asked if Nicki Minaj was ready to move back to her ex. He said: “She is not Nigerian, but she has a wide following among many citizens of the country. “The big news now is that she is single again and, according to the representative of her ex-boyfriend, Safaree is open to ‘igniting’ things as he never stopped loving her. “The two, who dated for over a decade, broke up publicly, after insinuations that Meek snitched on Safaree cheating on Minaj.” The secret trial of the leader of the Indigenous People of Biafra, Nnamdi Kanu, got people’s attention online, Kola-Ogunlade stated. He said: “Kanu is being held for an 11-count charge as well as the operation of an illegal group and the operation of an unlicensed radio station. “He was arraigned at the Federal High Court which held a secret trial for him and three others. “There was heavy security presence within and around the court premises, and even relatives of the arraigned, could not gain access to the court.” Google Trends launched in May, 2006, allows one to see how popular, search terms and their demogr0aphies have been over time on Google. Share this: WhatsApp Telegram Email Advert How I Increased my Manhood Size & Stopped Premature Ejaculation That Scattered My Relationship.. Click HERE For Details. Copyright The Eagle Online. Permission to use quotations from this article is granted subject to appropriate credit being given to www.theeagleonline.com.ng as the source. Follow @DEagleOnline Posted in News | Tagged Financial Reporting Council of Nigeria, google, Google Trend, Pastor Enoch Adeboye, Pastor Joseph Obayemi, Redeemed Christian Church of God, Taiwo Kola-Ogunlade Related Posts Why we work hands-in-glove with Fayose – Ekiti Assembly→ Release of suspected killers of Abuja female pastor criminal – HURIWA→ Why Pastor Adeboye will never return as National General Overseer – RCCG→ Obazee vowed to remove Pastor Adeboye – RCCG→ +234 809 400 0057 5C3AAEE4 Latest Popular Chats Peterside says NIMASA positioned to increase Nigeria’s GDP January 15, 2017 / Segun Adebowale Borno spends N1b on hospital equipment destroyed by Boko Haram January 15, 2017 / NAN Ecology: Gov. Ahmed seeks FG’s support January 15, 2017 / Segun Adebowale Recession: Aregbesola charges graduates to embrace agriculture January 15, 2017 / Segun Adebowale Why we work hands-in-glove with Fayose – Ekiti Assembly January 15, 2017 / Segun Adebowale Secondary school boys rape girl, video it in Lagos 102256 views / Posted May 25, 2013 Five fruits that increase libido, sex drive and treat impotence naturally 65727 views / Posted February 6, 2012 How to know if you have a loose vagina, + remedies 32777 views / Posted May 18, 2015 Nigerian Air Force opens application for recruitment 25158 views / Posted January 19, 2016 Powers of midnight prayer (1), by Gabriel Agbo 24772 views / Posted December 16, 2012 Bimbo. on How our students, staff were abducted –…From this account, it shows… Malik Isah on BBOG gives condition to join in search…Ee, dem say come follow… Damil on No disagreement in nominating new Obaro of…The fake Chief that gives… james on Nigerian Defence Academy application form now out..THE NIGERIA DEFENCE ACADEMY KADUNA,… sirOscie on Atiku to Nwodo: Your election as Ohanaeze…Well said Turaki. Congrats to… Top Posts & Pages Oyedepo denies inciting Christians against Muslims BBOG gives condition to join in search for Chibok girls in Sambisa Forest How our students, staff were abducted – Turkish school Principal West African leaders set deadline as Jammeh insists on clinging to power Ajimobi’s daughter to students: You’re a generation of mannerless children + video FG rejects BBOG’s conditions for joining Chibok Girls’ search mission Power tussle as Minister moves to reinstate female top shot sacked by Osinbajo, SGF Five fruits that increase libido, sex drive and treat impotence naturally RCCG's 100 days fasting and sex between couples, by Anurika Onyelemelam Obazee vowed to remove Pastor Adeboye – RCCG Latest Peterside says NIMASA positioned to increase Nigeria’s GDP Borno spends N1b on hospital equipment destroyed by Boko Haram Ecology: Gov. Ahmed seeks FG’s support Recession: Aregbesola charges graduates to embrace agriculture Why we work hands-in-glove with Fayose – Ekiti Assembly RRS nabs Lagos kingpin, syndicate members, recovers fake dollars Plateau owes retired workers N12b gratuity Tambuwal solicits support for families of fallen soldiers Navy arrests 16 at illegal merchant navy training camp in Lagos 25 dead in India after boat capsizes in Ganges Kwara launches N41m micro-credit loan scheme for women N5.2b crude oil fraud: Lawyers, NGO want EFCC to prosecute suspects Troops rescue 58 people in two days Armed Forces Remembrance Day: Wike sets up N100m scheme for ex-servicemen MTEF, aviation crisis, CAMA, UBEC amendment to occupy Senate this week EPL: Zlatan hits 14th goal, rescues United President Buhari, Osinbajo, others remember fallen heroes Atiku extols supreme sacrifices of Nigerian military Kaduna University gets new V-C EFCC: Lack of substantive chairman affecting anti-corruption war – Coalition Nigerian Naira Exchange Rate Pages About Us Advert Rates Contact Us Privacy policy Submit an Article Contact Information The Eagle Online is published by Premium Eagle Media Limited. 27, Joseph Odunlami Street, Off Thomas Salako Street, Ogba, Ikeja Lagos, Email: [email protected] , [email protected] Phone: 08055206136, 08023145962, 08094000057, BB PIN: 5C3AAEE4 Facebook Google Plus LinkedIn RSS Feed Twitter YouTube  Subscribe to Blog via Email Enter your email address to subscribe to this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. Email Address   Tweets by @DEagleOnline     ©2016 The Eagle Online - The Nigerian Online Newspaper Menu Home Privacy policy Ad Rates Submit News Contact Us Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Tech Insider BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 Google Maps just fully integrated Uber into its app, and it looks incredible David Ruddock, Android Police Jan. 12, 2017, 2:06 PM 12,585 facebook linkedin twitter email print As part of an update to the Maps app today, Google is adding fully native integration with Uber. You can set a destination, pick an Uber type, book it, monitor its location, and call the driver - all directly from Google Maps. This is excellent. While I did see an update to Maps on my phone today, the feature doesn't appear to be live for me just yet, so there's probably a server-side switch on this. The video below explains the feature quite well (and quickly). This is something I've been dying to see in Maps ever since they began showing taxi service (sorry, I refuse to call it "ride sharing") prices earlier this year. The rest of the changelog is actually for older features - home screen shortcuts to your Maps contributions, and best-of business listings. Let's hope other services like Lyft get on board with this full integration soon, because Google Maps is a heck of a lot better at handling this than the native applications most of these companies offer. The newest version of the Maps APK can be found here. For more, check out Google's blog post. Read the original article on Android Police. Follow Android Police on Twitter, Facebook and Google Plus. Copyright 2017. More from Android Police: Best Buy already has the new NVIDIA SHIELD on store shelves, and you can try to buy one Android 7.0 Nougat kernel source released for Moto Z and Moto Z Droid Exploitee.rs hacked the Samsung Smartcam yet again, this time with a root exploit [Deal Alert] UE ROLL 2 available for $68 at Amazon, Wal-Mart ($32 off) YouTube v12.01 fine tunes an unruly seek bar, hints at video previews, event listings, and more [APK Teardown + Download] SEE ALSO: NYC's dinosaur museum is getting a major addition in 2020 — here's what it looks like NOW WATCH: Women are more attracted to men with these physical traits Loading video... More: Uber Google Maps Android Police facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru Google Maps just fully integrated Uber into its app, and it looks incredible Google Maps just fully integrated Uber into its app, and it looks incredible As part of an update to the Maps app today... Recommended For You Disclaimer Featured 5 innovations in radiology that could impact everything from the Zika virus to dermatology More "Digital Industry Insider" » We just created the best Google Chrome extension on the market for latest news headlines More "BI Innovations" » Get Tech Insider Emails & Alerts Newsletter-controller Sign-Up Learn More » Tech Select Tech Chart Of The Day Business Insider Select 10 Things In Tech You Need To Know Mobile Insights BII Mobile Insights More Featured 10 Things Before the Opening Bell BI Intelligence Daily Business Insider Select Digital Industry Insider Instant MBA Markets Chart Of The Day Business Insider Events Tech Chart Of The Day Tech Select Top 10 Things 10 Things In Tech You Need To Know Closing Bell Strategy 10 Things You Need To Know In Advertising Advertising Select Careers Select Retail Select Strategy Select Life Breaking News Education Select Entertainment Select Life Select Tech Digital Media Chart Of The Day E-Commerce Chart Of The Day Enterprise Select Fintech Briefing IoT Chart of the Day Mobile Chart Of The Day Payments Chart Of The Day Science Select Finance Finance Insider Markets Select Smart Investor Your Money Select Politics Military Select Politics Select Charts of the Day Sports Chart Of The Day Sports Sports Letter to My Younger Self Basketball great Ray Allen: ’Do you want to fit in, or do you want to embark on the lonely pursuit of greatness?' Read Allen's letter to his teenage self » Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2017 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR IT
Go Monday 16 January 2017 News Nigeria Africa World Metro NLC chief warns foreign oil firms against disrespect of labour laws 36 mins ago  Nigeria Opinion Editorial Columnists Cartoons If vengeance is divine, defence is human 1 day ago  Columnists Business Appointments Business News Business RoundUp Industry Aviation Capital Market Communications Energy DrillBytes Maritime SweetCrude Infrastructure Money Traders attribute scarcity of oranges to multiple taxation, strike by wholesalers 1 day ago  Business News Technology Gadgets Telecoms Social Media Technology Microsoft buys into Canada’s AI research with purchase of Maluuba 11 mins ago  Technology Sport Football Boxing Athletics Tennis Golf Aston Villa set to loan Cissokho to Olympiakos 1 day ago  Football Arts Arts Art House Artfolk Revue Film Literature Music Theatre Visual Arts Tribal marks on children, infringement on human rights 1 day ago  Arts Features Policy & Politics BusinessAgro Education Executive Motoring Executive Briefs Focus Friday Worship Law Media Science Youth Speak How to prevent cardiovascular diseases 1 day ago 1  Natural Health More Sections Property Environment Mortgage Finance Real Estate Urban Development Guardian Woman Entrepreneurship GW Fiction Personality Issues WIMBIZ Saturday Magazine Youth Magazine Just Human Life & Style Love & Life Transition Travel & Tourism Celebrity Brand Intelligence Gardening Weekend Beats Sunday Magazine Ibru Ecumenical Centre Campus CityFile News Feature Living Healthy Diet Living Wellbeing Newspeople Aspire By Zenith Features  |  Executive Motoring   Your next car may be driverless By Kingsley Jeremiah   |   13 January 2017   |   4:25 am Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google+ Share on LinkedIn Share via Email Toyota’s driverless concept-i car<br />Founder of Delco, and one-time Head of Research at General Motors, who served from 1920 to 1947 Charles Franklin Kettering once said: “All human development, no matter what form it takes, must be outside the rules; otherwise we would never have anything new.” And to British author and sports journalist, Simon Kuper, ‘If you think personal cars will survive as status symbols, remember horses were once status symbols.’ More than most sectors, things happen outside the rules in the automotive sector. If at all, very few people want a manual gearbox. Pounding a clutch back and forth in rush-hour traffic in a city like Lagos for instance, may be hellish for many motorists. Sector statistic shows that only 3.9 per cent of cars sold in U.S. were built with manual transmissions. In fact, in 20 years to come it may not be out of place to say that knowing how to manually drive a car may not be necessary at all. Radar, lidar, GPS, odometry, and computer vision may be all that car owners require to get their cars moving. Driverless car, otherwise called autonomous or self-driving car is a vehicle that is capable of sensing its environment and navigating without human input. It uses advanced control systems to interpret sensory information. The control systems help it to identify appropriate navigation paths, obstacles and relevant signage. Google and General Motor, same organisation that first introduced automatics transmission to the market in 1940 may have been in the news, when it comes to driverless cars than any other organisation but demonstrative systems, precursory to autonomous cars did not start with them. The development date back to the 1920s and 30s but what could be called the first truly autonomous cars appeared in the 1980s, with Carnegie Mellon University’s Navlab and ALV projects in 1984 and Mercedes-Benz and Bundeswehr University Munich’s Eureka Prometheus Project in 1987. Since then, numerous major companies and research organisations have developed working prototype autonomous vehicles. Until recently, self driving cars seemed like a dream that can only become feasible in decades to come. But the innovation is fast becoming a reality. More than a fiction, it appears set that the development will alter the future of mobility. Most carmakers and technology giants, including Co-founder of Google, Eric Schmidt believe that your car should drive itself. “It’s amazing to me that we let humans drive cars… It’s a bug that cars were invented before computers,” Schmidt said. Transportation entrepreneur, who co-founded Zipcar, Robin Chase, shares Schmidt opinion. He is optimistic that driverless cars are “three-and-a-quarter years away”. This is in line with projections that years of trials on city streets, may translate to the possibility of having the innovation on roads by 2020. The Society of Automotive Engineers (SAE) said levels of autonomous driving technology begin from zero to five. Level zero is no assistance. Level two is the level at which all semi-autonomous systems on the road are at currently. Level three extends to “some driving modes but handle elevated levels of automated driving in given parameters. At level four, almost full driverless is attained but it is limited to “some driving modes.” Level five is full autonomy. With some vehicle already driverless partially, recent timeline of self-driving cars shows Volvo releasing 100 self-driving cars on public roads in Gothenburg, Sweden in 2017, a self-driving car startup that spun-off from Google late last year, Waymo, will be deploying its fleet of self-driving Chrysler Pacifica minivans onto public roads for the first time later this month. Ford will release an autonomous car without a steering wheel, brake or throttle pedals, designed for ride-sharing by 2021. Toyota’s Research Institute, formed in 2015, aimed at rolling out cars with semi-autonomous features in 2020. BMW and Mobileye confirmed they would test 40 self-driving vehicles on the road by the second half of 2017. Nissan-Renault already announced Seamless Autonomous Mobility. Tesla also started installing hardware that can enable full autonomy. General Motors is expected to gain an advantage in the self-driving car space by conducting tests in snowy conditions. A Chinese internet company referred to as the Google of China, Baidu will test self-driving cars on public roads soon. Tesla is also looking at driving from Los Angeles to New York 2017 with its self-driving Tesla. Semi-autonomous Hyundai recently navigated on local streets around the Las Vegas Convention Center alongside other vehicles. Should self-driving car becomes a reality, the automotive sector will witness series of changes. One of such development will be witness in safety. Experts believe that humans are no good at driving as such the innovation would drastically reduce the 1.2m people killed every year on roads worldwide. Cars will park themselves, there will be free time, congestion is also expected to reduce. If congestion reduces, building new roads may be necessary. Highways Free time it’s planning to release Automobile industry think self-driving vehicles will be on the road by 2020 or before, says Richard Holman, head of foresight and trends at General Motors driverless vehicles are now nearing the live phase Yet we have barely begun to think about how they will revolutionise our lives, revamp our cities — and destroy tens of millions of jobs. pipe dream relegated to a far-off decade in the future. But then, last week, Ford announced that in 2021 it’s planning to release an autonomous car without a steering wheel, brake or throttle pedals, designed for ride-sharing. Just a few days later, Volvo and Uber made public their partnership to develop a driverless car. Now, it seems autonomous cars aren’t just a fanciful future prospect but rather something tangible — and a real part of mobility in the near future.The Ford and Volvo/Uber announcements, though, highlight the different approaches each company working on autonomous driving technology is taking. For example, some, like Audi, are introducing autonomous systems slowly into their products to indoctrinate their buyers to the tech. Others, like Ford, are jumping straight to driverless cars. Accordingly, we’ve compiled an alphabetical autonomy timeline encompassing the announcements and plans of the leaders in the space. What’s more, we’ve underlined the technology that each company aims to utilize to drive its driverless cars. SAE automated driving levels The Society of Automotive Engineers (SAE) said levels of autonomous driving technology begin from zero to five. Level zero is no assistance. Level two is the level at which all semi-autonomous systems on the road are at currently. Level three extends to “some driving modes but handle elevated levels of automated driving in given parameters. At level four, almost full driverless is attained but it is limited to “some driving modes.” Level five is full autonomy. to “all driving modes . Level 1 is defined by systems like collision mitigation braking that automatically brake if a collision is imminent. . These include acceleration, braking and steering assistance. ” By that, it means the car can— like on a freeway during the daylight. However, it’s expected that the human driver can take over driving duties, if asked. SEE ALSO: Mercedes’ new all-electric Maybach coupe concept puts Tesla to shame Level 5 takes full autonomy to “all driving modes.” That means the car is fully capable of driving itself anywhere in any condition, from a snowy, moonlit road to an unmapped desert. It should be noted that, at this point, Level 5 is theoretical. One Audi representative went so far as to describe it as “mythical.” It’s unlikely we’ll see Level 5 autonomous driving in our lifetimes. Audi 2016 — Level 2: Audi’s Level 2 “Traffic Jam Assist” system is available on the 2017 Audi A4 and Q7. The system uses steering input to keep the car in its lane. What’s more, it allows the driver to take his or her hands off the wheel in slow-moving traffic for 15 seconds at a time. However, the driver can’t check out or turn attention away from the road, as he or she must intervene immediately if prompted by the car. 2018 — Level 3: Audi pledges to be the first carmaker to introduce Level 3 autonomy to the road with its next generation A8 full-size sedan. The A8 will debut Audi’s Traffic Jam Pilot system. It will handle accelerating, braking and steering up to 35 mph. However, there are many parameters and limitations to engaging Traffic Jam Pilot. It will need to have no fewer than two cars ahead of it and it will need to recognize, based upon information GPS and other outward-facing sensors, that it is on a freeway. Its cameras will also detect whether the road is clear enough for ideal operation. It won’t be activated on a snow-covered road, for example. The car will also require specific driver conditions before Traffic Jam Pilot can be engaged, too. It will need to detect a driver in the driver’s seat. What’s more, the car will include a camera-based driver awareness system that will look to see if the driver is awake and not incapacitated in some way (suffering a pulmonary embolism, for example). 2020/2021 — Level 3 Plus: Two or three years after the first application Level 3, Audi will roll out what it’s roughly defining as “higher” Level 3. That means it will take the capability of Traffic Jam Pilot and extend it up to full freeway speeds. It will require the same freeway verification from GPS and other sensors before it is engaged. Audi will include in each car an event data recorder Additionally, with Level 3, Audi will include in each car an event data recorder (think an airplane’s black box). It will record the driving data directly preceding a collision, should one occur. Don’t worry, Audi won’t be recording all your driving data. The event data recorder will be constantly deleting the data it collects, if a collision doesn’t take place. Late 2020s — Level 4: Full highway and urban autonomy. These functions will only be allowed in pre-mapped and geofenced areas. That means these cars will not be able to drive autonomously everywhere. You couldn’t ask the car to autonomously drive from Los Angeles to New York, for example, unless the route were mapped and programmed. Tech: GPS, LIDAR (Light Imaging, Detection And Ranging), short- and long-range radar, and no fewer than two digital cameras will be needed for Audi’s autonomous cars. In total, Audi’s autonomous cars will have around 24 sensors with almost 360-degree redundancy. In addition, the cars will include redundant steering and braking systems. BMW 2016 — Level 2: With the all-new 7 Series, BMW introduced several new Level 2 technologies: Traffic jam Assistant and driverless automated parking. Traffic jam Assistant can follow the car ahead on the highway and can read lane markings and add corrective steering to keep the car in its lane. This system works from 0 to 43 mph. European versions of the new BMW 7 Series feature a self-parking function that doesn’t require a driver inside the car. With the car’s key fob, a driver can exit the vehicle and direct the car into a parking spot. However, that function is not available here in the U.S. Tech: Radar, digital cameras. 2021 — Level 4: Marking its 100th birthday earlier this year, BMW announced that it has also pegged 2021 as the year during which it will unveil a fully autonomous car. It’s called iNext and not only will it be autonomous, it will also be intelligent, lightweight and the “next generation of electro-mobility,” according to BMW chairman of the board Harald Krüger. The flagship iNext autonomous car will be created in collaboration with Intel and MobilEye. Although BMW has not yet specified any other dates for unveiling autonomous driving systems for its cars, the trio (BMW, Intel and MobilEye) have said they will create platform-based “future-proof” test cars by 2017 in order to hit the stated 2021 goal. This platform will tackle, as BMW puts it, “‘eyes off’ (Level 3), ‘mind off’ level (Level 4)” ‘driver off’ (Level 5).” Tech: BMW hasn’t indicated specifically which tech will drive drive its autonomous cars, except Intel Atom and Xeo processors. Ford 2019 — Level 2: In 2019 (or within three years of 2016), Ford plans to introduce two Level 2 autonomous systems: Traffic Jam Assist and Fully Automated Parking. Confusingly, Ford’s Level 2 system will carry the same name as Audi’s Level 3. Traffic Jam Assist, like other Level 2 systems on the road today, will follow a car ahead in traffic and control braking and acceleration as well as steering to keep the car in its lane. Tech: Radar, digital cameras and ultrasonic sensors. 2021 — Level 4: Ford announced in August that in 2021, it will have driverless ride-sharing cars without a steering wheel, or brake or accelerator pedals. Unlike Audi and Nissan, which are slowly ramping up autonomy step by step from Level 2 to 3 to 4, Ford is jumping several steps and going right to 4. While there could be many reasons for this, presumably price is the leading factor. At first, the cars will be prohibitively expensive to sell in Ford showrooms Since it’s five years out, Ford doesn’t yet know what platform these cars will ride on, what they’ll look like or what will power them (gasoline or electrified powertrains). Ford did divulge that these cars will not be initially available for purchase by customers. That could change, however, as the cost of the onboard tech goes down. Likely, at first, the cars will be prohibitively expensive to offer up in Ford showrooms. And because Ford is keen to make autonomy available to the masses as quickly as possible, it doesn’t want to keep the tech relegated to extremely expensive luxury vehicles like Audi’s flagship A8. It’s important we understand why these Ford steering wheel-less cars are Level 4 and not Level 5. As we discussed earlier, Level 5 is defined by the SAE as a car’s ability to drive autonomous in ‘all driving modes.’ The Ford cars simply won’t be able to do that. They’ll only be allowed to operate in 3D-mapped, geofenced locations. Imagine, then, that these will operate in a few heavily mapped urban environments. So, unless you live in one of the first markets for the Ford autonomous cars, it’s unlikely they’ll be a regular part of your life in the near future. Tech: LIDAR, radar, digital cameras, 3D maps, 4G connectivity and, according to a Ford representative, possible vehicle-to-infrastructure (V2X) communication technology. Honda 2016 — Level 2: Unlike the luxury brands on this list, Honda has pushed its Honda Sensing suite of autonomous driving technologies down into its most affordable models, including the $20,440 Civic Sedan. Honda Sensing includes Adaptive Cruise Control (ACC) that follows the vehicle ahead, and Lane Keep Assist (LKAS), which uses a forward-facing camera that watches lane markings to keep the vehicle in its lane. Honda Sensing also includes Forward Collision Warning, Collision Mitigation Braking, Lane Departure Warning and Road Departure Mitigation Further bucking the trend of other systems on this list, Honda Sensing can be activated at any speed. Although it’s not locked to highways and freeways by GPS- or camera-based data, it’s recommended for use on freeways and not backroads or urban environments. 2020 — Level 3: By 2020, Honda aims to have basic automated highway driving from “on ramp to off ramp.” Honda is being very conservative with its promised automated timelines beyond that, however. As such, it is hesitant to give specific dates for fear of missing them due to unforeseen technical or legislative hurdles. That said, Honda contends it is at the forefront of automated vehicle research. Honda has divulged, though, that by 2020 it also wants to integrate Wi-Fi-based vehicle-to-infrastructure (V2X) and vehicle-to-vehicle (V2V) communication technology into its vehicles. Allowing cars and infrastructure to communicate with one another will add an extra level of automation. 2040: Ultimately, no matter where its automated tech is, be it Level 3 or 4, Honda aims to have no crashes in Honda or Acura vehicles by 2040. Tech: Radar, digital cameras, Wi-Fi-based V2V and V2X. Kia 2020 — Level 3: Kia announced at CES 2016 that it is launching an autonomous driving sub-brand called “DRIVE WISE.” Additionally, the Korean carmaker benchmarked 2020 as the date by which it would introduce its first semi-autonomous tech. Although Kia is in the fledgling stages of developing its semi- and full-autonomy tech, it’s already named some of the systems. They include Highway Autonomous Driving (HAD), Preceding Vehicle Following (PVF), Emergency Stop System (ESS) and Traffic Jam Assist (TJA). 2030 — Level 4: Kia also announced that by 2030 it would be ready to introduce full autonomy. These include systems it’s calling Urban Autonomous Driving (UAD) and Autonomous Valet Parking. Tech: HAD relies on radar and cameras. UAD utilizes GPS and exterior sensors to identify the car’s position on the road. It also will rely on live traffic updates. Like Audi, Kia’s Driver Status Monitoring (DSM) system in its autonomous cars will monitor the driver’s face and if it detects he or she isn’t paying attention, the car will move to the side of the road and come to a stop. Benz interiorMercedes-Benz 2016 — Level 2: In 2013, Mercedes released its first Level 2 automated driving system, called DISTRONC PLUS with Steering Assist, which we tested on the Mercedes-AMG C63 S last year. Since then, the German automaker has released its newest and more robust Level 2 system, DRIVE PILOT, which debuted on the 2017 E-Class. DRIVE PILOT is fairly robust for a Level 2 autonomous system. Like Honda Sensing, it can control braking and acceleration at or above regular highway speeds. It also allows the driver to go hands-free for as long as 60 seconds at a time up to speeds of 81 mph. Distinctively, DRIVE PILOT can autonomously change lanes, if a driver indicates a lane change with the turn signals. Of course, if it detects a car in the other lane, it won’t carry out the maneuver. The 2017 E-Class is the only production car that has been granted an autonomous driving license in Nevada. That means, DRIVE PILOT is far more capable than Mercedes allows it to be in its current form. However, Mercedes engineers have retarded the capabilities of DRIVE PILOT for the E-Class to ensure drivers understand that they are ultimately responsible for the safe operation of the car. Additionally, the all-new E-Class is also the first production car to include V2V technology. At first, this means all new E-Classes will be able to communicate important road and driving information to one another. In the future, as other cars receive the tech, this means E-Classes will be able to communicate with other cars as well — not just its brand mates. In addition to cars, Mercedes is testing autonomous semi trucks here in the U.S. and in Europe. In fact, it has been sending “platooning” fleets of self-driving semis across Europe this year with the intention of integrating driverless tech into commercial trucking in the near future. Tech: Radar, digital cameras, and V2V. Nissan 2016 — Level 2: Nissan announced earlier this year that by 2020, it will have not just one but 10 fully autonomous models on sale. It also laid out its roadmap for how it will get there, adding a new level of autonomy every two years. This year, the Japanese automaker will introduce its first Level 2 system called ProPILOT. This system will be first introduced to the Japanese market in the new Serena minivan. Nissan will then introduce it to the European marked in 2017 in the Qashqai crossover. Nissan hasn’t yet said when the tech will be debuted for the U.S. market. At this level of ProPILOT, the car will have what Nissan is calling “single-lane control” in heavy, stop-and-go traffic on highways. 2018 — Level 3: Two years later, in 2018, Nissan will introduce ProPILOT 2.0 with “multiple-lane control.” ProPILOT 2.0 will add autonomous lane changes to the ProPILOT capabilities. 2020 — Level 4: By 2020, Nissan plans to reveal ProPILOT 3.0 with “intersection autonomy.” This will take Level 4 autonomy into the urban centers. Although Nissan hasn’t specifically divulged it, it’s likely that — as with Audi and Ford — these cars won’t be able to go anywhere. Instead, ProPILOT 3.0 activation will be limited to heavily mapped areas. Tech: Similar to other carmakers, ProPILOT and its variants will rely on radar, digital cameras and hi-def mapping technology. A Nissan representative admitted detailed maps will be required for ProPILOT 3.0, which indicates it, too, will be limited in its operational availability. Tesla 2015 — Level 2: Late last year, Tesla unveiled the now infamous Level 2 Autopilot system, which is part of a suite of driver assistance systems. These include Autosteer, Auto Lane Change, Traffic-Aware Cruise Control, Side Collision Warning and Autopark. Setup Timeout Error: Setup took longer than 30 seconds to complete. Autopilot has been implicated in several crashes around the globe since its debut. Most notably, a Tesla driver died in a crash in Florida in early May with Autopilot engaged. He was reportedly watching a Harry Potter DVD while his Model S was operating in Autopilot mode. Until Mercedes released its DRIVE PILOT, Tesla’s Autopilot was the only semi-autonomous system on the market that allowed for autonomous lane changes. This is not its only distinction, however. Autopilot is, from the driver’s standpoint, the most robust system currently on the market. It’s that robustness that’s gotten Tesla in trouble, though. Specifically, Consumer Reports recently called on Tesla to disable and rename Autopilot until it was made safer. Notably, Autopilot is in public beta-testing. In fact, Tesla is the only carmaker beta-testing autonomous tech on the public. All other carmakers relegate testing to its engineers and employees. Tech: Radar and a digital camera 2018 — Level 4: Tesla won’t confirm the exact timing of Level 4 autonomous driving or the tech sensors that will drive higher levels of autonomy. However, Elon Musk said in late 2015 that Tesla was two years away from full autonomy. Tech: It’s unclear what tech Tesla plans to add to its cars to enable higher levels of autonomy. That said, during the launch of Autopilot, Elon Musk revealed the company was gathering hi-def digital maps with its cars. Likely, this information will be utilized to implement Level 4 autonomy in future products. Volvo 2016 — Level 2: For the 2017 model year of its vehicles, like the S90 sedan, Volvo introduced Pilot Assist, a semi-autonomous driving system. Like other Level 2 systems, it follows traffic ahead and keeps the car within its lane. Though, that’s not the only news Volvo has made in the autonomous driving realm for 2016. This summer, Volvo Cars and ride-sharing service Uber announced they were joining forces to develop autonomous driving cars. 2017 — Level 4: Intriguingly, Volvo is skipping Level 3 and going straight to Level 4. However, it won’t be a broad-scale rollout — at first. The Swedish carmaker has said it will have 100 autonomous cars testing on the roads Beijing in 2017, as a part of its Drive-Me program. Volvo plans to lease autonomous cars to customers in Sweden that year as well. These cars will be Level 4. Like so many other brands, the first autonomous Volvo cars will only be able to drive themselves on highways known to the GPS system. This is more than an estimation, though. Volvo has already detailed what its self-driving car interface will look like. What’s more, Volvo has even announced that it is working with Ericsson to stream your favorite shows in the dashboard of your autonomous car in the future. Think its Concept 26 autonomous car interior, but in real life. 2020 — Though Volvo will be achieving Level 4 before 2020, it has made two projections for that year. First it aims to offer autonomous cars to the public — likely on a broader scale than in 2017. Secondly, and perhaps more importantly, it has long promised that no one will be killed or seriously injured in a Volvo by 2020. Of course, autonomy is the ultimate safety system. So, it makes sense that large-scale implementation of Level 4 autonomy would intersect with that safety benchmark that year. Tech: Volvo has openly listed the tech that will allow its future cars to drive autonomously. They include (but are not limited to) trifocal cameras, ultrasonic sensors, surround view cameras, surround radar, long-range radar and combined radar and camera units. Forecasts Autonomous car forecasts This page lists the most recent predictions about when driverless cars will be available on the market: NuTonomy to provide self-driving taxi services in Singapore by 2018, expand to 10 cities around the world by 2020 The company has just started trials of its self-driving taxis in Singapore’s 1 North District. It plans to deploy self-driving taxis commercially in Singapore by 2018 and aims to be operational with fleets of self-driving taxis in 10 cities of the world by 2020. (Source: Yahoo News, 2016-08-29, Digital Trends, 2016-05-24) Delphi and MobilEye to provide off-the-shelf self-driving system by 2019 Both companies have announced that they will bring a fully self-driving (SAE level 4) system on the market for use in a variety of cars in 2019. Source: TheVerge, 2016-08-23 Ford CEO announces fully autonomous vehicles for mobility services by 2021 Mark Fields, Ford’s CEO announced that the company plans to offer fully self-driving vehicles by 2021. The vehicles, which will come without steering wheel and pedals, will be targeted to fleets which provide autonomous mobility services. Fields expects that it will take several years longer until Ford will sell autonomous vehicles to the public. Source: Reuters, 2016-08-16 Volkswagen expects first self driving cars on the market by 2019 Johann Jungwirth, Volkswagen’s appointed head of Digitalization Strategy, expects the first self-driving cars to appear on the market by 2019. He did not claim that these would be Volkswagen models. Source: Focus, 2016-04-23 GM: Autononomous cars could be deployed by 2020 or sooner General Motor’s head of foresight and trends Richard Holman said at a confererence in Detroit that most industry participants now think that self-driving cars will be on the road by 2020 or sooner. Source: Wall Street Journal, 2016-05-10 BMW to launch autonomous iNext in 2021 At their annual shareholder meeting, BMW CEO Harald Krueger said that BMW will launch a self-driving electric vehicle, the BMW iNext, in 2021. Source: Elektrek, 2016-05-12 Ford’s head of product development: autonomous vehicle on the market by 2020 Raj Nair, Ford’s head of product development, expects that autonomous vehicles of SAE level 4 (which means that the car needs no driver but may not be capable of driving everywhere) will hit the market by 2020.(Source: autonews, 2016-02-27) Baidu’s Chief Scientist expects large number of self-driving cars on the road by 2019 In an interview session, Andrew Ng, the chief scientist of the Chinese search engine Baidu expects that a large number self-driving self-driving cars will be on the road within three years, and that mass-production will be in full swing by 2021. (Source: Quora, 2016-01-29) First autonomous Toyota to be available in 2020 Toyota is starting to overcome its long-standing reluctance with respect to autonomous driving: It plans to bring the first models capable of autonomous highway driving to the market by 2020. (Source: Wired.com, 2015-10-08) Elon Musk now expects first fully autonomous Tesla by 2018, approved by 2021 In an interview by Danish newspaper Borsen, Tesla’s founder Elon Musk accelerates his timeline for the introduction of fully autonomous Teslas by 2 years (!) compared to his estimate less than a year ago (October 2014). He now expects fully autonomous Teslas to be ready by 2018 but notes that regulatory approval may take 1 to 3 more years thereafter. (Source: Borsen Interview on youtube, timeline: 8:06-8:29, recorded on 2015-9-23) Driverless cars will be in use all over the world by 2025 US Secretary of Transportation stated at the 2015 Frankfurt Auto show that he expects driverless cars to be in use all over the world within the next 10 years. (Source: Frankfurter Allgemeine Zeitung, 2015-09-19) Uber fleet to be driverless by 2030 Uber CEO, Travis Kalanick, has indicated in a tweet that he expects Uber’s fleet to be driverless by 2030. The service will then be so inexpensive and ubiquitous that car ownership will be obsolete. (Source: Mobility Lab, 2015-08-18) Ford CEO expects fully autonomous cars by 2020 In an interview with Forbes, Mark Fields, CEO of Ford estimated that fully autonomous vehicles would be available on the market within 5 years. But he was reluctant to claim that Ford would have an autonomous vehicle on the market by then. (Source: Forbes, 2015-02-09). Next generation Audi A8 capable of fully autonomous driving in 2017 Stefan Moser, Head of Product and Technology Communications at Audi has announced that the next generation of their A8 limousine will be able to drive itself with full autonomy. (Source: motoring.com.au, 2014-10-22) Tesla CEO expects true autonomous driving by 2023 Elon Musk, CEO of Tesla estimates that “five or six years from now we will be able to achieve true autonomous driving where you could literally get in the car, go to sleep and wake up at your destination”. He then added another 2 to 3 years for regulatory approval. (Source: Huffington Post, 2014-10-15) Jaguar and Land-Rover to provide fully autonomous cars by 2024 says Director of Research and Technlogy At the 2014 Paris Motor Show Dr. Wolfgang Epple, Jaguar and Land Rover’s Director of Research and Technology said that about fully autonomous driving: “For Jaguar and Land Rover it will happen within the next 10 years”. (Source: Drive.com.au, 2014-10-03) Fully autonomous vehicles could be ready by 2025, predicts Daimler chairman Dieter Zetsche, chairman of Daimler, predicts that fully autonomous vehicles which can drive without human intervention and might not even have a steering wheel could be available on the market by 2025. (Source: The Detroit News, 2014-01-13) Nissan to provide fully autonomous vehicles by 2020 Andy Palmer, the Executive Vice President of California-based Nissan Motors Ltd., has announced that Nissan will make fully autonomous vehicles available to the consumer by 2020. These cars will be able to drive in urban traffic. In contrast to Google’s cars, Palmer claimed that they will not need detailed 3D maps for local navigation. (Source: Nissan Motors, 2013-08-27) Truly autonomous cars to populate roads by 2028-2032 estimates insurance think tank executive At a meeting of the Society of Automotive Engineers, Robert Hartwig, President of the Insurance Information Institute estimated that it will take between 15 and 20 years until truly autonomous vehicles populate US roads. (Source: The Detroit News, 2013-02-14) Driverless cars coming to showrooms by 2020 says Nissan’s CEO During this years’ CES, Carlos Ghosn, CEO of Nissan said that driverless cars will be ready for showtime by the end of this decade. (Source: Forbes.com, 2013-1-14) Continental to make fully autonomous driving a reality by 2025 Automotive supplier Continental has just announced that automated driving is at the core of its long-term strategy. It has formed a new business unit for “Advanced driver assistance systems” and plans to make fully autonomous driving available by 2025. Source: Continental, 2012-12-18 Intel CTO predicts that autonomous car will arrive by 2022 Justin Rattner, CTO of Intel predicts that driverless cars will be available within 10 years. Intel is hoping to equip autonomous smart cars with its Atom and Core processors. (Source: Computerworld, 2012-10-22) Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google+ Share on LinkedIn Share via Email In this article: Driverless car You may also like VW agrees to pay $4.3b settlement over emissions-cheating 3 days ago  Executive Motoring Mercedes Benz leads premium segment 3 days ago  Executive Motoring Kia Stinger scares BMW, Audi as local dealer embraces Tokumbo 3 days ago  Executive Motoring Latest Reese Witherspoon says 'things have to change' for Hollywood women 4 mins ago  Film Microsoft buys into Canada’s AI research with purchase of Maluuba 14 mins ago  Technology NLC chief warns foreign oil firms against disrespect of labour laws 38 mins ago  Nigeria Tinubu congratulates Adebanwi on getting professorial chair at Oxford varsity 49 mins ago  Nigeria Release of suspected killers of Abuja female pastor is criminal, says HURIWA 1 hour ago  Nigeria More   News NLC chief warns foreign oil firms against disrespect of labour laws 38 mins ago  Nigeria Tinubu congratulates Adebanwi on getting professorial chair at Oxford varsity 49 mins ago  Nigeria Release of suspected killers of Abuja female pastor is criminal, says HURIWA 1 hour ago  Nigeria Catalan separatists launch new independence campaign 1 day ago  World Trending Army kills 13 Boko Haram suspects in clearance operations 1 day ago  News Ronaldo crowned FIFA best men's player 10 Jan  Sport Nokia bounces back with Android smartphones 11 Jan  Technology Why China withholds $20b concession loan to Nigeria 9 Jan 13  Nigeria Benzema helps Real Madrid set new record 3 days ago  Sport Top News Nigeria Africa World Metro Opinion Editorial Columnists Cartoons Business Appointments Business News Business RoundUp Industry Aviation Capital Market Communications Energy DrillBytes Maritime SweetCrude Infrastructure Money Technology Gadgets Telecoms Social Media Technology Sport Football Boxing Athletics Tennis Golf Arts Arts Art House Artfolk Revue Film Literature Music Theatre Visual Arts Features Policy & Politics BusinessAgro Education Executive Motoring Executive Briefs Focus Friday Worship Law Media Science Youth Speak Property Environment Mortgage Finance Real Estate Urban Development Guardian Woman Entrepreneurship GW Fiction Personality Issues WIMBIZ Saturday Magazine Youth Magazine Just Human Life & Style Love & Life Transition Travel & Tourism Celebrity Brand Intelligence Gardening Weekend Beats Sunday Magazine Ibru Ecumenical Centre Campus CityFile News Feature Living Healthy Diet Living Wellbeing Newspeople Aspire By Zenith Guardian TV News Opinion Fashion Sport Entertainment Science & Tech GTV Exclusive Guardian Life Home Lifestyle Showbiz Trending LS Diaries On The Cover The Guardian Home About Us Advertise With Us |     Powered by Ventra Copyright © 2017 Guardian Newspapers. All Rights Reserved.
Channel NewsAsia Return to Mobile Site Uber users can book rides through Google Maps with new update News TV Connect Watch Live 0 My Playlist Sign In Menu News Asia Pacific Singapore World Business Sport Entertainment Technology Health Lifestyle Videos Weather MORE Photos Special Reports Archives Services PSI Live Shows News Schedule Features On The Ground Specials Facebook Twitter Linkedin YouTube Mobile SMS eNews RSS Return to Mobile Site Singapore Uber users can book rides through Google Maps with new update Tech giant Google says it is 'trying out' the integration of Uber's services with its Maps app by allowing users to book rides directly from Google Maps, without having to open the Uber app. Posted 13 Jan 2017 13:28 Updated 13 Jan 2017 15:21 The previous ride-hailing services mode on Google Maps (left), compared to the new interface. (Screenshots: Google) Enlarge Caption  Email More A A SINGAPORE: With the latest update of Google Maps, users will be able to book and pay for an Uber ride - without having to launch their Uber app. In a blog post on Thursday (Jan 12), Google said it is "trying out" the integration of Uber's services with its Maps app by allowing users to sign into their Uber accounts and book rides directly from Google Maps. This means that users can sign up for Uber accounts and book rides without the need to install the Uber app on their devices.  Information about the destination - such as menus and opening hours - will also be accessible to users through Google Maps while they are en route, the tech company wrote in the post.  The new feature is an extension of Google Maps' ride services mode which was introduced last year. It allows users to see a list of ride-hailing service providers and estimated fares for them. Currently, Uber and Grab are listed as providers in Singapore.  In response to queries, Google said it will monitor user feedback to determine if it will integrate Maps with other ride-hailing service providers.  - CNA/mz Email More YOU MAY ALSO LIKE From Our Website From the Web Happening Now new window view more My Facebook Friends Back To Top JUMP TO Select Section Asia Pacific Singapore World Business Sport Entertainment Technology Health Lifestyle Videos Weather Photos Special Reports Archives Services PSI Navigate to: News TV Connect Watch Live GET OUR APPS iPhone/iPad Android Get Our News Facebook Twitter Linkedin YouTube Mobile SMS eNews RSS News Asia Pacific World Sport Technology Lifestyle Photos Archives Singapore Business Entertainment Health Videos Special Reports TV Live News Schedule Shows Services Weather ADVERTISE WITH US Online Mobile TV Contact Sales Channel NewsAsia Channel News Asia About Us Coverage Hotel Partners Events & Seminars Presenters & Correspondents Contact Us Mediacorp Mediacorp News Group © 2017 About Mediacorp Pte Ltd Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Back To Top
PhoneDog Android And Me TodaysiPhone NEW Call T-Mobile at (855) 668-8976 TmoNews Unofficial T-Mobile Blog, News, Videos, Articles and more Navigation Home Submit News 700MHz LTE map Upcoming Phones HOT TOPICS: Samsung Galaxy Note 7 LG V20 Google Pixel Extended Range LTE Android 7.0 Nougat You are here: Home > T-Mobile CEO John Legere makes his predictions for 2017 T-Mobile CEO John Legere makes his predictions for 2017 January 6, 2017 Alex Wagner 40 Comments It’s the start of a new year, and just like he has the past couple of years, T-Mobile CEO John Legere has laid out his predictions for the coming 12 months. Legere’s first prediction for 2017 is that cable companies will try to enter wireless through MVNO deals, but that they’ll fail. Legere adds that because of this, T-Mobile will not get into any MVNO deals with cable companies. Cable companies are the only ones that’ll try to get into wireless in 2017, Legere suggests, as he thinks that “a MAJOR new player will jump in and shake up US wireless in a MAJOR way.” The T-Mo CEO specifically guesses that Google will “go for the mobile moonshot.” Google offers wireless service through Project Fi, which runs on the T-Mobile, Sprint, and US Cellular networks, but Legere appears to think that Google will take things a step farther in 2017. Sticking with the topic of other companies, Legere thinks that Dish will be no more this year after it missed its opportunity to enter wireless using its supply of spectrum. Moving on to television shows, Legere predicts that the majority of TV watching will happen on mobile by the end of 2017. More than one-third of TV viewing happens on something other than a TV, Legere says, with that number jumping to 50 percent for people under 25. And T-Mo’s CEO expects those numbers to continue to grow. The second TV-related prediction from Legere is that content built for OTT and mobile consumption, like his Slow Cooker Sunday show, will pass cable channels in number of viewers. Specifically, Legere thinks that his Slow Cooker Sunday show will get a weekly audience of 1 million viewers by the end of 2017. The show currently pulls in more than 500,000 viewers each week. Rounding out John’s 2017 predictions are gigabit LTE speeds, which T-Mobile touts that it’s nearly achieved in lab testing; a wireless CEO shuffle that’ll see three of the four current CEOs exiting their positions this year; and merger discussions between Verizon and Comcast as a way to help Comcast get into wireless. While John didn’t make any specific predictions about T-Mobile’s network, it seems likely that T-Mo will continue to build out its LTE coverage in 2017. T-Mobile CTO Neville Ray said yesterday that T-Mo plans to cover 320 million POPs with LTE in 2017, up from the 313 million covered at the end of 2016. Ray also said that T-Mobile currently reaches 251 million people with its Extended Range LTE coverage and that that number will grow in the first half of 2017. So what do you think of all these predictions? Do you have any that you’d like to add? Source: T-Mobile Tags: 4G LTE, Extended Range LTE, John Legere, John Legere 2017 predictions, Neville Ray About Alex Wagner Editorial Director of News and Content for PhoneDog Media. Fluent in whisk(e)y, video games, and phones. Can be found on Twitter at @alw. View all posts by Alex Wagner → ← T-Mobile CEO John Legere talks Sprint, possibility of merger Next week’s T-Mobile Tuesday includes $2 movie ticket, grand prize trip to Sundance Film Festival → Josh Schoonover It still amazes me just how rapidly they’ve expanded the network in just a few short years. The prospect of that being the year end coverage map is so very exciting! Mark Kendrick I’m amazed myself by the improvement in their network in just the last year. I tried TMO last year for a couple of months but bailed because the service wasn’t very good, a year later and I’m quite satisfied Edward Ward Over the past year I have seen my coverage improve tremendously, to the point where I now have coverage on par with my wife who is Verizon loyal. Jason Caprio Those are some nice coverage predictions. I’ll believe it when I see it. I hope to see the day when T-Mobile ties/beats Verizon in rootmetrics, then I’ll switch back! I’m rooting for T-Mobile all the way! Cellphone Chris The cable MVNO thing isn’t a prediction, it’s already been announced. Those that know what I’m talking about understand that a merger between Verizon and Comcast seems highly unlikely. a d00d With Republicans in control of all 3 houses (Capitol Hill House, Senate, and White House), this merger is very much a possibility. In fact, depending on how fast they change things, I could even call it certain. Evil attracts Evil, after all. And I wonder how many board members are shared? Of course, we’ll all suffer for it, along with a TMo merger, but that’s the way it goes. At least we should be rid of Obamacare… Acdc1a We have no idea what is to come. A Republican wasn’t elected President, a populist was. If popular opinion is against the idea, it doesn’t go through. If it’s well sold to the public, it will. Linx I can’t see myself on any other carrier than T-Mobile right now. Richard Roma That’s interesting, I’m on the opposite end where I feel like evaluating other options. I don’t like this One only push at all. Jay Holm This coming April I will have been with T-Mobile for 4 full years. Very happy customer. Walt Get ride of the 3G hspa and use that spectrum for LTE. Keep 2G edge for all the flip phones and m2m Andrew Singleton keeping any 2g is a horrible idea. tmo’s new flip phone is LTE. a d00d Andrew, you need to re-read about IoT in the article earlier in the week. Walt, the problem is that many of the IoT resellers have been nudging these guys onto 3G as a cheaper measure than going directly to LTE as most companies only think of the short haul (bottom line for this quarter or year only) versus the long haul (let someone else pay for it). Plus there are a huge number of 3G handsets still in use, especially from other, poorer countries or rural carriers in this one who refuse to upgrade, likely because they can’t afford it. 2G will be with us a few more years, and 3G probably until the mid 2020’s at the earliest. Then again, with some of the fancy on-the-fly spectrum shuffling these new software-defined radio systems can do, it has been pointed out by others that, at least in an advanced network like TMo’s, they may NEVER go away completely! Nobody Special I predict after January 22nd @ The deadline for simple choice subscribers to switch to t-mobile one and get the tax included deal …. t-mobile will come up with a new incentive to trick the remaining simple choice subscribers to come to the darkside “T-Mobile One”…. the saga continues. nearvanaman I sort of rolled my eyes at T-Mo One because I typically use 1.5 to 3.0 gigs a month. But my 6GB plan, with taxes, costs me $75 a month. This “new” T-Mo One incentive will cost me a maximum of $70 and, sometimes, $60. I know the point is to get people on to the One plan and it’s hard to see a downside of doing this if they are never going to offer tiered plans again. Acdc1a For you it’s a no-brainer. I have 5 lines on ONE and Leger is right, it’s nice not to try to count GB. AJ2 What Tmo has failed to realize with the Tmo One plans is that most people still use 2gb or less. The $10 ‘back’ is a nice marekting ploy that I guess will make the plan a $60. If you use a Nexus or Pixel, Project Fi would still be cheaper. I see all these ads for $40 a line but thats only if you buy 4 lines. If they’d offer something for single customers, Id give Tmobile a try again as its the only one of the big 4 Ive ever had before switching to MVNOs. I dont care about a free Subway sandwich or some coupon to a product Idont want. If you can give a family of 4 free lines, you surely can do a promotion to offer single people a break Jay Holm If all people use is 2GB’s or less, what is the point in have a $500-$700+ smartphone? That’s like having a $20k car and driving lessons than 20 miles total per day, if I go no where but to work and back home that would be nearly 26 miles total in one day. I just don’t understand what the purpose is having a $500-$700 device and only use a measly 2gigs in a 30 day period. John Doe I don’t think Dish will end in 2017. They have Sling TV and Charlie Ergen isn’t a stupid guy so maybe I doubt it will disappear in 2017 that is too soon. I think John hopes that Dish will disappear so he can get his hands on their spectrum LoL (Oh that is right they have spectrum they can sell if things get bad for Dish) a d00d I don’t know if it was a mis-quote or not as I didn’t watch the video or whatever, but I think he meant Dish as a potential wireless competitor. The FCC has repeatedly warned them that they have never complied with their rules regarding build-out time after purchasing spectrum. That is, Dish is a Spectrum Squatter, the wireless version of a Domain Squatter, and, even under a new right-wing admin, I think the FCC may have finally had enough. Consider they let Globalstar use their little block of spectrum for limited terrestrial use after they’ve been begging for years. OTOH, Ergen has been squatting on a boat-load of spectrum with no network for years despite FCC pressure to sell or build. I for one truly hope that the FCC finally drops the hammer. QWR At CES, Legere actually said something to the effect that delivery of satellite-based content is dead, and so Dish will be dead as well. IMO he was not talking about Dish as a wireless provider. As far as the FCC goes, they have very little interest in going after Ergen for squatting since they turned him down for buying anyone on the cheap in 2015. He attempted to put it to use, and has until sometime this year to sell or lease 50% of his spectrum, even though it’s transmission properties are more suited for large amounts of data vs. speed. BadBatz 1. How about “predicting” some bonuses, freebies, incentives, etc. for long time subscribers to T-Mobile… The siren song of AT&T is calling… And Project Fi is taking already a lot of my business away from T-Mob… 2. Bandwidth… Need more bandwidth… How about more bandwidth… No more bandwidth, no more wireless watching of anything, Mr. Legere. And rural coverage… 3. Please, Mr. Legere, “predict” better international coverage for “free data roaming” and 20 cent voice calls. Some initiatives notwithstanding (Europe higher speed data for example) international roaming has become a sad joke: data throttled to the point of being unusable (64 kbps in may places), inability to dial out to many countries whilst roaming, etc. Even the T-Mobile app no workee in may places… Please “predict” improvements or just “predict” going back to the sate of int’l roaming from 2015… marque2 Project To always seemed really expensive to me. $10 per gig, wow. AJ2 Id switch to Tmobile if it had a less expensive plan for single customers, especially people that dont use 10-20 gb of data. Left Tmo years ago – First went to Straight Talk for their $45 5gb LTE plan and now on Fi where my bills are tiny. If Im not mistaken, with their new $10 rebate, the lowest plan is $60 if you use less than 2gb. Even getting paid $150 to switch doesnt make it worth it. Expert go with tmobile prepaid BadBatz If you don’t use gobs of data stay with Fi. For email, news, maps/navigation, etc. my total monthly bill is seldom over $30. Fi prefers T-Mobile anyway, even whilst roaming abroad the US endpoint is a T-Mobile IP in Texas, but connects to other networks stateside if T-Mobile is not available. Besides, laptop tethering doesn’t cost extra, roaming data is at full speed and it roams in some countries where T-Mobile does not. And Fi forwards calls AND text messages – the latter priceless if you use multiple phones. I have no idea what will become of Project Fi but for now I’m happy to have “Google talk” in my pocket :-) marque2 T-Mobile offered full speed tethering with its older plans. And I believe low speed tethering is included in Europe. Europe is way behind going to LTE, so high speed is also.lst impossible anyway. Jay Holm Since you use “so little data”, why even have a smartphone? Seriously! What a waste of money for someone who doesn’t even use their smartphone! marque2 Agreed, he can get a flip phone and 350 minutes of monthly service for $9 a month. Aleks I always knew that Google would enter the fray with a wireless service of their own. For John Legere to make this prediction, tells me that Google and T-Mobile could be looking at a merger, which to me, is the whole purpose of Google entering the wireless business sector. It’s been discussed behind closed doors. If this indeed does happen, look for wireless to be much cheaper and faster as Google is known to keep things affordable for the masses. Don’t take my word for it but if you’re on a legacy T-Mobile plan right now and ggrandfathered in, consider yourself lucky as they will be a major player in the wireless industry for the foreseeable future. I’m looking at Google and T-Mobile to work together and pave the way for the future. But like I said, don’t take my word for it. Just see it happening from a business standpoint. marque2 Google is evil. It will be a sad day when they take over TM. Nearmsp I would like to know what percentage of interstate freeways and state highways are covered rather than the million population. We just do not talk when we are in population centers. We talk while get from point A to point B and we could travel through places with no population on the way out of one city to another. This is the reason why people go for AT&T and Verizon. Coverage outside of major cities should be a goal of T-mobile. Currently I carry a a Verizon myfi and switch on as soon as leave the metro area to be able to do wi-fi calling. T-mobile coverage outside cities still sucks. It has improved much but a long way to go. KeepU You don’t happen to do much of that rural driving in West Virginia or between I-35 and I-5 do you? I drive a truck, and those are the only places I find a big difference in coverage between my t-mobile and verizon coverage. marque2 He doesn’t do much rural driving in his apparent state of Texas. Or never uses the phone while driving. Jay Holm I’ve driven from Houston to Laredo, from Houston to Dallas, from Houston to Longview. . .never lost signal in between any of these places. marque2 Try Midland to El Paso. No coverage for 200 miles when I last drove it. Try driving I-40 in New Mexico, Texas and Oklahoma. I have a fairly new 5x as well. Parts of I15 in CA. Shouldn’t have problems with the new bands. And once the interstates are covered major highways should be next 395 and 78 “Ortega highway” comes to mind. I know TM is small and is trying hard to cover more, bit to claim no issues while travelling is false. Also note San Diego has major holes in Oceanside, Carlsbad, parts of Coronado and San Diego bay. They haven’t put Band 12 in San Diego yet. KeepU I predict the low grade billing fraud will continue, as will the network build out, and despite it’s serious flaws T-mobile will continue to be the least bad of the major wireless providers. QWR Nice hat. Did you get a free bowl of soup with it? And Dish would like to officially declare that you cut your hair this year. Steven Prediction, T-Mobile will continue to ignore the Alabama and Florida Gulf Coast by not issuing the much needed Extended Range LTE. Something’s got to give man Joe Merger Merger with Sprint in 2017 Select a phone: (optional) + - Any - 3G|4G U301 USB Modem Acer Aspire One Netbook Acer Liquid M220 Airave 2.5 Plus Alcatel 510A Alcatel 768 Alcatel 871A GoPhone Alcatel A392G Alcatel Fling Alcatel One Touch 991 Alcatel One Touch Evolve Alcatel OneTouch Conquest Alcatel OneTouch Elevate Alcatel OneTouch Evolve 2 ALCATEL ONETOUCH Fierce Alcatel OneTouch Fierce 2 Alcatel Onetouch Idol 3 (4.7") Alcatel Onetouch Idol 3 (5.5") Alcatel OneTouch Pop 7 Alcatel OneTouch Pop Icon Alcatel OneTouch Pop Mega Alcatel OneTouch Pop Star LTE Alcatel OneTouch Retro ALCATEL OneTouch Sonic LTE Alcatel Pop C9 Alcatel Pop D3 Alcatel Venture Amazon Fire Phone Anna Sui Mobile by Samsung Apple iPad 2 16GB Apple iPad 2 32GB Apple iPad 2 64GB Apple iPad Air Apple iPad Air 2 Apple iPad Mini Apple iPad mini 2 Apple iPad Mini 3 Apple iPad mini 4 Apple iPad mini with Retina Display Apple iPad Pro Apple iPad with Retina Display Apple iPhone 16 GB Apple iPhone 3G 16 GB Apple iPhone 3G 8 GB Apple iPhone 3G S 32 GB Apple iPhone 3GS Apple iPhone 4 Apple iPhone 4S Apple iPhone 5 Apple iPhone 5c Apple iPhone 5s Apple iPhone 6 Apple iPhone 6 Plus Apple iPhone 6s Apple iPhone 6s Plus ASUS MeMO Pad 7 LTE ASUS MeMO Pad FHD 10 LTE ASUS PadFone X mini ASUS ZenFone 2 ASUS ZenWatch 2 AT&T Avail 2 AT&T F160 AT&T Impulse 4G AT&T Mobile Hotspot Elevate 4G AT&T Mobile Hotspot MiFi 2372 AT&T Quickfire AT&T Radiant GoPhone AT&T Unite AT&T Unite Pro AT&T USBConnect 900 AT&T USBConnect Adrenaline AT&T USBConnect Force 4G AT&T USBConnect Mercury AT&T USBConnect Momentum 4G AT&T USBConnect Shockwave AT&T USBConnect Turbo AT&T USBConnect Velocity AT&T Z222 GoPhone AT&T Z331 AT&T Z998 GoPhone Audiovox CDM-8940 Audiovox PC5740 EVDO PC Card Audiovox VI600 Audiovox XV6600 Betsey Johnson Mobile by Samsung Big Button Flip Alcatel A392G BlackBerry 7130e BlackBerry 7250 BlackBerry 7290 BlackBerry 8703e BlackBerry 8820 BlackBerry Bold BlackBerry Bold 9650 BlackBerry Bold 9700 BlackBerry Bold 9780 BlackBerry Bold 9900 BlackBerry Bold 9930 BlackBerry Classic BlackBerry Curve 3G BlackBerry Curve 3G 9300 BlackBerry Curve 8320 BlackBerry Curve 8330 BlackBerry Curve 8350i BlackBerry Curve 8520 BlackBerry Curve 8530 BlackBerry Curve 8900 BlackBerry Curve 9310 BlackBerry Curve 9315 BlackBerry Curve 9330 BlackBerry Curve 9350 BlackBerry Curve 9360 BlackBerry Curve 9370 BlackBerry Leap BlackBerry Passport BlackBerry Pearl BlackBerry Pearl 3G BlackBerry Pearl 8110 BlackBerry Pearl 8120 BlackBerry Pearl 8130 BlackBerry Pearl Flip 8220 BlackBerry Pearl Flip 8230 BlackBerry Priv BlackBerry Q10 BlackBerry Storm BlackBerry Storm2 BlackBerry Style BlackBerry Torch 9800 BlackBerry Torch 9810 BlackBerry Torch 9850 BlackBerry Torch 9860 BlackBerry Tour BlackBerry Z10 BlackBerry Z30 Blackphone 2 BLU Advance 4.0 BLU Dash 5.0+ BLU Life View BLU Neo 4.5 BLU Studio 5.0 BLU Studio 5.0 C BLU Studio 5.0 II BLU Studio 5.0 II BLU Studio 5.0C BLU Studio 6.0 HD BLU Studio C Mini BLU Studio Energy BLU Studio Mini LTE BLU Studio Selfie LTE Boost MAX by ZTE Boost Warp 4G by ZTE Brigadier by Kyocera Casio EXILIM Casio G'zOne Boulder CASIO G'zONE Ravine 2 (Non-Camera) Casio GzOne Brigade Casio GzOne Commando Casio GzOne Ravine Casio GzOne Ravine 2 Casio GzOne Rock CAT B15Q CAT S40 Compaq Mini 110c-1048NR Coolpad Arise Coolpad Flo Coolpad Quattro 4G Dell Inspiron 14z Laptop Dell Inspiron Mini 10 with T-Mobile webConnect Dell Inspiron Mini 1012 Dell Streak 7 Diane Von Furstenberg Mobile by Samsung DROID 2 by Motorola DROID 2 Global by Motorola DROID 3 by Motorola DROID 4 by Motorola DROID BIONIC 4G by Motorola DROID by Motorola DROID CHARGE by Samsung Droid DNA by HTC DROID ERIS by HTC DROID INCREDIBLE 2 by HTC DROID Incredible 4G LTE by HTC DROID INCREDIBLE by HTC DROID Pro by Motorola DROID R2 D2 by Motorola DROID RAZR by Motorola DROID RAZR by Motorola 16GB DROID RAZR HD by Motorola DROID RAZR M by Motorola DROID RAZR MAXX by Motorola DROID RAZR MAXX HD by Motorola DROID Turbo DROID X by Motorola DROID X2 by Motorola Enact by LG Ericsson c905a Ericsson Equinox Ericsson TM506 Ericsson Vivaz Ericsson W350 Ericsson W518a Ericsson w760a Ericsson Z750a Firefly Fivespot Global Ready Franklin Wireless U680 USB Galaxy Nexus by Samsung Garmin Garminfone Garmin nuvifone G60 Gateway LT2016u Netbook Google Nexus 4 Google Nexus 5 Google Nexus 6 Google Nexus 9 Google Pixel C HP iPAQ Glisten HP Mini 110 Netbook HP Mini 110-1050NR HP Mini 1151NR Netbook HP Mini 210-1076NR Netbook HP Mini 311-1037NR Netbook HP Veer 4G HTC 8XT HTC Amaze HTC Aria HTC Arrive HTC Desire HTC Desire 510 HTC Desire 526 HTC Desire 610 HTC Desire 612 HTC Desire 626 HTC Desire 626s HTC Desire 816 HTC Desire 826 HTC Desire EYE HTC Droid DNA HTC EVO 3D HTC EVO 4G HTC EVO 4G LTE HTC EVO Design 4G HTC EVO Shift 4G HTC EVO View 4G HTC First HTC Freestyle HTC FUZE HTC HD 7 HTC HD2 HTC HD7S HTC Hero HTC Imagio HTC Inspire 4G HTC Jetstream HTC Merge HTC Mogul Pocket PC 6800 HTC One HTC One (E8) HTC One (M8) HTC One (M8) For Windows HTC One A9 HTC One M9 HTC One Max HTC One mini HTC One remix HTC One S HTC One SV HTC One V HTC One X HTC One X+ HTC Ozone HTC PPC6800 HTC Pure HTC Radar HTC Rezound HTC Rhyme HTC S621 Excalibur HTC S630 Cavalier HTC Sensation HTC Snap HTC Status HTC Surround HTC Thunderbolt HTC Tilt 2 HTC Titan HTC Titan II HTC Touch HTC Touch Diamond HTC Touch Pro HTC Touch Pro 2 HTC Trophy HTC Vivid HTC Wildfire S Huawei Activa 4G Huawei Ascend HUAWEI Ascend II Huawei Ascend Mate 2 Huawei Ascend Plus Huawei Ascend W1 Huawei Ascend Y Huawei EC168 Huawei Glory Huawei H210C Huawei H215G Huawei H866C Huawei Honor 6 Plus Huawei Inspira Huawei M735 Huawei M835 Huawei Mate S Huawei Nexus 6P Huawei P8 lite Huawei Pal Huawei Pinnacle Huawei Premia 4G Huawei SnapTo Huawei Summit Huawei U8651T Prism Huawei Union Huawei Valiant Huawei Verge Huawei Vitria Huawei Watch Jolla Tablet KIN One KIN Two Kyocera 126C Kyocera 323 Kyocera Brigadier Kyocera Brio Kyocera Coast Kyocera Contact Kyocera DuraCore Kyocera DuraForce Kyocera DuraMax Kyocera DuraPlus Kyocera DuraShock Kyocera DuraXT Kyocera DuraXV Kyocera E1000 Kyocera E1100 Neo Kyocera E2000 Kyocera Echo Kyocera Event Kyocera Hydro Kyocera Hydro Edge Kyocera Hydro Elite Kyocera Hydro Icon Kyocera Hydro Vibe Kyocera Hydro Wave Kyocera Hydro XTRM Kyocera K132 Kyocera Kona Kyocera Loft Kyocera Milano Kyocera Presto Kyocera Rise Kyocera SE47 Slider Kyocera Torino Kyocera Torque Kyocera TorqueXT Kyocera Verve LG 221C LG 101 LG 1500 LG 220C LG 231C LG 235C LG 236C LG 320G LG 400G LG 450 LG 500G LG 505C LG 511C LG 600G LG 620G LG 800G LG 900G LG A340 LG A380 LG Access LTE LG Accolade LG Ally LG Arena LG Aspire LG AX155 LG AX300 LG AX310 LG AX565 LG AX8600 LG Banter LG Beacon LG CF360 LG Chocolate 3 LG Chocolate Touch LG Chocolate VX8550 LG Chocolate White LG Clout LG Connect 4G LG Cosmos LG Cosmos 2 LG Cosmos 3 LG Cosmos Touch LG Dare LG Decoy LG dLite LG Doubleplay LG Enact LG Encore LG Enlighten LG enV Touch LG enV VX11000 LG enV VX9900 LG enV2 LG enV3 LG Escape LG Esteem LG Exalt LG eXpo LG Extravert LG Extravert 2 LG Fathom LG G Flex LG G Flex 2 LG G Pad 10.1 LTE LG G Pad 10.1 LTE LG G Pad 7.0 LTE LG G Pad 7.0 LTE LG G Pad 8.3 LG G Pad F7.0 LG G Stylo LG G Vista LG G Vista 2 LG G2 LG G3 LG G3 Vigor LG G4 LG Glance LG Glimmer LG Google Nexus 4 LG GS170 LG GU295 LG INCITE LG Intuition LG Invision LG L35G SIM4 LG Lancet LG Leon LTE LG Lotus LG Lotus Elite LG Lucid 2 LG Lucid 3 LG Lucky LG LX150 LG LX160 LG LX290 LG LX350 LG LX370 LG LX400 LG LX550 LG Mach LG Marquee LG Migo LG Motion 4G LG Muziq LX570 LG Neon LG Neon II LG Nexus 5X LG Nitro HD LG Octane LG Optimus Black LG Optimus Dynamic LG Optimus Dynamic II LG Optimus Elite LG Optimus Exceed LG Optimus Exceed 2 LG Optimus Extreme LG Optimus F3 LG Optimus F3Q LG Optimus F6 LG Optimus F7 LG Optimus Fuel LG Optimus G LG Optimus G Pro LG Optimus L70 LG Optimus L9 LG Optimus L90 LG Optimus Logic LG Optimus M LG Optimus M+ LG Optimus Net LG Optimus One P500 LG Optimus Q LG Optimus S LG Optimus SHOWTIME LG Optimus T LG Optimus Ultimate LG Optimus Zip LG Optimus Zone LG Optimus Zone 2 LG Phoenix LG PM-225 LG Prime LG Quantum LG Realm LG Remarq LG Revere LG Revere 2 LG Revere 3 LG Revolution LG Rhythm LG Rumor LG Rumor 2 LG Rumor Reflex LG Rumor Reflex S LG Rumor Touch LG Scoop LG Sentio LG Shine CU720 LG Shine II LG Spirit 4G LG Sunrise LG Swift LG Thrill LG Transpyre LG Tribute LG Tribute 2 LG Tritan LG Ultimate 2 LG UX145 LG UX260 LG UX280 LG UX300 LG UX380 LG UX565 LG UX830 LG V10 LG Venice LG Versa LG VI-125 LG VI-5225 LG Viper LG VL600 4G USB Modem LG Volt LG Volt 2 LG Vortex LG Vu CU915 LG Vu CU920 LG Vu Plus LG VX3100 LG VX3300 LG VX3400 LG VX3450 LG VX3450L LG VX4400 LG VX4500 LG VX5200 LG VX5400 LG VX5500 LG VX7000 LG VX8000 LG VX8300 LG VX8350 LG VX8360 LG VX8600 LG VX9800 LG Watch Urbane LG Xenon LG Xpression LG Xpression 2 LG100C LG200C LG225 LG300G LG400G LG501C LG620G LG900G Lucid 3 by LG Lucid by LG Microsoft Lumia 535 Microsoft Lumia 550 Microsoft Lumia 640 Microsoft Lumia 640 XL Microsoft Lumia 950 Microsoft Lumia 950 XL MiFi 2200 Mobile Hotspot MiFi 3G/4G Mobile Hotspot MiFi 500 LTE by Novatel Wireless Moto 360 (2nd Gen) 42mm Moto 360 (2nd Gen) 46mm Moto 360 Sport Motorola 408 Motorola A1200 Ming Motorola A630 Motorola ACTV Motorola Admiral Motorola Adventure V750 Motorola Atrix 2 Motorola Atrix 4G Motorola Atrix HD Motorola Backflip Motorola Bali Motorola Barrage Motorola Bravo Motorola Brute i680 Motorola Brute i686 Motorola Buzz ic502 Motorola C139 Motorola C168i Motorola Charm Motorola Citrus Motorola CLIQ Motorola CLIQ 2 Motorola CLIQ XT Motorola Clutch i465 Motorola Clutch i475 Motorola Debut i856 Motorola Defy Motorola Defy XT Motorola Devour Motorola Droid Bionic Motorola DROID MAXX Motorola DROID Maxx 2 Motorola DROID Mini Motorola DROID Turbo 2 Motorola DROID Ultra Motorola Droid XYBoard 10.1 Motorola Droid XYBoard 8.2 Motorola E815 Motorola EM326g Motorola EM330 Motorola Entice Motorola Evoke Motorola EX124G Motorola EX431G Motorola Flipout Motorola Flipside Motorola Gallo i296 Motorola Hint Motorola Hint QA30 Motorola i1 Motorola i412 Motorola i530b Motorola i530y Motorola i570 Motorola i576 Motorola i605 Motorola i710 Motorola i776 Motorola i830 Motorola i880 Motorola i886 Motorola i890 Motorola Karma QA1 Motorola Krave ZN4 Motorola KRZR K1 Motorola KRZR K1m Motorola L2 Motorola L6 Motorola Luge Motorola Moto E (1st Gen) Motorola Moto E (2nd Gen) Motorola Moto G Motorola Moto G (3rd Gen) Motorola Moto X Motorola Moto X (2014) Motorola Moto X Play Motorola Moto X Style (Pure Edition) Motorola MOTORAZR maxx Ve Motorola MOTORAZR VE20 Motorola PEBL Motorola PHOTON 4G Motorola Photon Q Motorola Q9 Global Motorola Q9c Motorola Q9m Motorola Rambler Motorola Rapture VU30 Motorola RAZR V3 Motorola RAZR V3 Dolce & Gabbana Motorola RAZR V3c Motorola RAZR V3c Motorola RAZR V3i/ V3t/ V3r Motorola RAZR V3m Motorola RAZR V3xx Motorola RAZR2 V9m Motorola Renegade V950 Motorola Renew Motorola Rival Motorola RIZR Z3 Motorola RIZR Z6c Motorola ROKR Motorola ROKR E8 Motorola ROKR U9 Motorola ROKR Z6 Motorola SLVR L7c Motorola Stature i9 Motorola T722i Motorola Theory Motorola Titanium Motorola Triumph Motorola Tundra Motorola V120e Motorola V171 Motorola V180 Motorola V190 Motorola V195 Motorola V220 Motorola V235 Motorola V260 Motorola V325 Motorola V360 Motorola V551 Motorola V600 Motorola V60s Motorola V710 Motorola VE465 Motorola VU204 Motorola W315 Motorola W375g Motorola W380 Motorola W385 Motorola W408g Motorola W409G Motorola W418G Motorola W490 Motorola W755 Motorola XOOM Motorola XOOM 4G LTE Motorola XPRT Motorola Z9 Motorola Zine ZN5 myTouch 4G NEC Terrain Netgear 341U USB Modem Netgear Mingle Mobile Hotspot Netgear Zing Nexbit Robin Nexus S 4G Nexus S from Google Nokia 1208 Nokia 1600 Nokia 1616 Nokia 1661 Nokia 1680 Nokia 2320 Nokia 2330 Nokia 2600 Nokia 2605 Mirage Nokia 2610 Nokia 2630 Nokia 2660 Nokia 2680 Nokia 2720 Nokia 2760 Nokia 3220 Nokia 3555 Nokia 3588i Nokia 3660 Nokia 3711 Nokia 5130 Nokia 5230 Nuron Nokia 5310 XpressMusic Nokia 5610 Nokia 6010 Nokia 6015i Nokia 6030 Nokia 6085 Nokia 6101 Nokia 6102i Nokia 6133 Nokia 6165i Nokia 6205 Nokia 6215i Nokia 6236i Nokia 6263 Nokia 6301 Nokia 6315i Nokia 6350 Nokia 6555 Nokia 6650 Nokia 6800 Nokia 7205 Intrigue Nokia 7510 Nokia 7705 Twist Nokia Astound Nokia C3 Nokia E71 Nokia E71x Nokia E73 Mode Nokia Lumia 1020 Nokia Lumia 1520 Nokia Lumia 2520 Nokia Lumia 520 Nokia Lumia 521 Nokia Lumia 530 Nokia Lumia 625 Nokia Lumia 635 Nokia Lumia 710 Nokia Lumia 810 Nokia Lumia 820 Nokia Lumia 822 Nokia Lumia 830 Nokia Lumia 900 Nokia Lumia 920 Nokia Lumia 925 Nokia Lumia 928 Nokia Lumia Icon Nokia Mural Nokia N1 Nokia N73 Nokia N75 Nokia N95 8GB Nokia NGage Nokia Surge Nokia Twist 7705 Nokia VI-3155 Nokia X2 Novatel EX720 ExpressCard Novatel Merlin C777 Novatel Merlin S620 Novatel MiFi 2200 Novatel MiFi 5580 Novatel Ovation U727 Novatel Ovation U760 Novatel PC770 PCmCIA Novatel S720 Novatel U760 Novatel USB1000 Global Modem Novatel V620 EVDO PC Card Novatel V640 PC/Mac USB Broadband Card Novatel V740 PC/Mac Wireless Broadband Card OnePlus 2 OnePlus One OnePlus X Option Quicksilver USB Modem Overdrive 3G 4G Mobile Hotspot Overdrive Pro 3G/4G Hotspot Palm Centro Palm M500 Palm Pixi Palm Pixi Plus Palm Pre Palm Pre 2 Palm Pre Plus Palm Pro Palm Pro Palm Treo 650 Palm Treo 700p Palm Treo 700w Palm Treo 700wx Palm Treo 755p Palm Treo 800w Palm Treo Pro Pantech Breakout Pantech Breeze Pantech Breeze II Pantech Breeze III Pantech Burst Pantech C120 Pantech C300 Pantech C3b Pantech C610 Pantech Caper Pantech Crossover Pantech Crux Pantech Ease Pantech Hotshot Pantech Impact Pantech Jest 2 Pantech Laser Pantech Link Pantech Link II Pantech Marauder Pantech Matrix Pantech Matrix Pro Pantech Perception Pantech PN-820 Pantech Pocket Pantech Pursuit Pantech Pursuit II Pantech Renue Pantech Reveal Pantech Slate Pantech Swift Pantech UML290 4G USB Modem Pantech UML295 LTE USB Modem PCD Chaser Phone Connect 3 Plum Might Z513 Que 4.5 Que 5.0 REEF RIM BlackBerry 6710 RIM BlackBerry 7100t RIM BlackBerry 7105t RIM BlackBerry 7130e RIM BlackBerry 7230 RIM BlackBerry 8700g Rugged CAT S50 S275G Samsung 4G Mobile Hotspot LC11 Samsung A107 Samsung A117 Samsung A127 Samsung A137 Samsung A167 Samsung A187 Samsung A197 Samsung A237 Samsung A580 Samsung A630 Samsung A637 Samsung A650 Samsung A670 Samsung A777 Samsung A870 Samsung A890 Samsung A930 Samsung A950 Samsung A970 Samsung A990 Samsung Access Samsung Ace i325 Samsung Admire Samsung Alias 2 Samsung Array Samsung ATIV Odyssey Samsung ATIV S Neo Samsung ATIV SE Samsung Beat Samsung Behold Samsung Behold II Samsung BlackJack i607 Samsung BlackJack II i617 Samsung Brightside Samsung Captivate Samsung Captivate Glide Samsung Comeback Samsung Conquer 4G Samsung Continuum Samsung Contour 2 Samsung Convoy Samsung Convoy 2 Samsung Convoy 3 Samsung Craft Samsung D415 Samsung D900 Samsung Dart Samsung Delve Samsung DoubleTime Samsung E105 Samsung E315 Samsung E335 Samsung E635 Samsung E715 Samsung Entro Samsung Epic Samsung Epix Samsung Eternity Samsung Eternity II Samsung Evergreen Samsung Exclaim Samsung Exhibit 4G Samsung Exhibit II 4G Samsung Factor Samsung Fascinate Samsung Flight Samsung Flight II Samsung FlipShot SCH-U900 Samsung Focus Samsung Focus 2 Samsung Focus Flash Samsung Focus S Samsung Freeform Samsung Freeform II Samsung Freeform III Samsung Freeform M Samsung Galaxy Ace Samsung Galaxy Ace 4 LTE Samsung Galaxy Ace Style Samsung Galaxy Admire 4G Samsung Galaxy Alpha Samsung Galaxy Appeal Samsung Galaxy Attain 4G Samsung Galaxy Avant Samsung Galaxy Centura Samsung Galaxy Core Prime Samsung Galaxy Discover Samsung Galaxy Exhibit Samsung Galaxy Exhilarate Samsung Galaxy Express GoPhone Samsung Galaxy Grand Prime Samsung Galaxy Indulge Samsung Galaxy J1 LTE Samsung Galaxy Light Samsung Galaxy Mega 2 Samsung Galaxy Mega 6.3 Samsung Galaxy Note Samsung Galaxy Note 10.1 Samsung Galaxy Note 3 Samsung Galaxy Note 4 Samsung Galaxy Note 5 Samsung Galaxy Note Edge Samsung Galaxy Note II Samsung Galaxy Note Pro Samsung Galaxy Precedent Samsung Galaxy Prevail Samsung Galaxy Prevail 2 Samsung Galaxy Proclaim Samsung Galaxy Reverb Samsung Galaxy Ring Samsung Galaxy Rugby Pro Samsung Galaxy Rush Samsung Galaxy S 4 zoom Samsung Galaxy S 4G Samsung Galaxy S Blaze Samsung Galaxy S II Samsung Galaxy S II Skyrocket Samsung Galaxy S III Samsung Galaxy S III Mini Samsung Galaxy S Lightray 4G Samsung Galaxy S Relay 4G Samsung Galaxy S4 Samsung Galaxy S4 Active Samsung Galaxy S4 Mini Samsung Galaxy S5 Samsung Galaxy S5 Active Samsung Galaxy S5 mini Samsung Galaxy S5 Sport Samsung Galaxy S6 Samsung Galaxy S6 Active Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge Samsung Galaxy S6 edge+ Samsung Galaxy Stardust Samsung Galaxy Stellar Samsung Galaxy Stratosphere II Samsung Galaxy Tab Samsung Galaxy Tab 2 Samsung Galaxy Tab 3 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 10.1 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 8.0 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4G - 16GB Samsung Galaxy Tab 4G - 32GB Samsung Galaxy Tab S Samsung Galaxy Tab S 10.5 Samsung Galaxy Tab S 10.5 Samsung Galaxy Tab S 8.4 Samsung Galaxy Tab S2 9.7 Samsung Galaxy Victory 4G LTE Samsung Galaxy View Samsung Gear 2 Samsung Gear S2 Samsung Gleam U700 Samsung Glyde Samsung GO Netbook Samsung Gravity Samsung Gravity 2 Samsung Gravity 3 Samsung Gravity Q Samsung Gravity SMART Samsung Gravity T Samsung Gravity TXT Samsung Gusto Samsung Gusto 2 Samsung Gusto 3 Samsung Haven Samsung Highlight Samsung Highnote Samsung Hue II Samsung Illusion Samsung Impression Samsung Infuse 4G Samsung Instinct Samsung Instinct HD Samsung Instinct S30 Samsung Intensity Samsung Intensity II Samsung Intensity III Samsung Intercept Samsung Intrepid Samsung IP-830 Samsung IP-A790 Samsung Jack Samsung Juke U470 Samsung Katalyst T739 Samsung Knack U310 Samsung M220 Samsung M240 Samsung M300 Samsung M320 Samsung M330 Samsung M360 Samsung M370 Samsung M400 Samsung M500 Samsung M510 Samsung M520 Samsung M610 Samsung Magnet Samsung Matrix Samsung Memoir Samsung MM-A920 Samsung Moment Samsung Muse Samsung MyShot Samsung Mysto Samsung Mythic Samsung Omnia Samsung Omnia II Samsung PM-A740 Samsung Precedent Samsung Propel Samsung Propel Pro Samsung R225m Samsung R335C Samsung R375C Samsung R451C Samsung R455C Samsung R610 Samsung Rant Samsung Reality Samsung Reclaim Samsung Renown Samsung Replenish Samsung Restore Samsung Rogue Samsung Rugby Samsung Rugby 4 Samsung Rugby II Samsung Rugby Smart Samsung S275G Samsung S380C Samsung S390G Samsung S425G Samsung Saga Samsung SCH-i600 Samsung SCH-i730 Samsung SCH-U340 Samsung SCH-U540 Samsung SCH-U620 Samsung SCH-U740 Samsung Seek Samsung SGH-T199 Samsung Smiley Samsung Smooth Samsung Solstice Samsung Solstice II Samsung SP-i600 Samsung Spex r210 Samsung SPH-i700 Samsung Stratosphere Samsung Stripe T329 Samsung Strive Samsung Sunburst Samsung Sway Samsung T109 Samsung T119 Samsung T139 Samsung T159 Samsung T201G Samsung T209 Samsung T219 Samsung T229 Samsung T239 Samsung T249 Samsung t259 Samsung T309 Samsung T319 Samsung T339 Samsung T349 Samsung T369 Samsung T401G Samsung T404G Samsung T439 Samsung T509 Samsung T519 Trace Samsung T528G Samsung T609 Samsung T619 Samsung T629 Samsung T639 Samsung t659 Samsung T719 Samsung T809 Samsung T819 Samsung Trance Samsung Transform Samsung Transform Ultra Samsung Trender Samsung U430 Samsung U450 Samsung U550 Samsung Upstage M620 Samsung VI660 Samsung Vibrant Samsung X427M Samsung X495 Samsung Z400 Samsung Z700 Samsung Zeal Sanyo 7050 Sanyo 8400 Sanyo Incognito Sanyo Innuendo Sanyo Innuendo by Kyocera Sanyo Katana Sanyo Katana DLX Sanyo Katana Eclipse Sanyo Katana Eclipse X Sanyo Katana II Sanyo Katana LX Sanyo M1 Sanyo MM-8300 Sanyo PRO-200 Sanyo PRO-700 Sanyo S1 Sanyo SCP-2400 Sanyo SCP-2700 Sanyo SCP-3100 Sanyo SCP-3200 Sanyo SCP-3810 Sanyo Taho by Kyocera Sanyo Vero by Kyocera Sanyo Zio Saygus V2 Sharp Aquos Crystal Sharp FX Sharp FX PLUS Siemens CF62T Sierra 598 USB Modem Sierra USB Lightning 305 Sierra Wireless 4G LTE Tri-Fi Hotspot Sierra Wireless AC595 PCMCIA Wireless Card Sierra Wireless AC595U USB PC/Mac Card Sierra Wireless AC597 ExpressCard PC/Mac Card Sierra Wireless AirCard 402 Sierra Wireless Compass 597 USB Modem SKY 4.0 Sky 5.0L Sonim XP STRIKE Sonim XP6 Sony C1904 Xperia M Sony Ericsson Equinox Sony Ericsson GC79 Cellular and WiFi PC Card Sony Ericsson GC89 PCMCIA PC Cell WiFi Card Sony Ericsson J220a Sony Ericsson K550 Sony Ericsson T290a Sony Ericsson T610 Sony Ericsson TM506 Sony Ericsson W580i Sony Ericsson W810i Sony Ericsson Xperia PLAY Sony Ericsson Z300 Sony Ericsson Z310a Sony Ericsson Z750a Sony Ericsson Z780 Sony Xperia E3 Sony Xperia E4 Sony Xperia M Sony Xperia M4 Aqua Sony Xperia PLAY 4G Sony Xperia T3 LTE Sony Xperia X10 Sony Xperia Z Sony Xperia Z1S Sony Xperia Z2 Sony Xperia Z3 Sony Xperia Z3 Compact Sony Xperia Z3+ Sony Xperia Z3v Sony Xperia Z4 Sony Xperia Z4 Tablet Sony Xperia Z4v Sony Xperia Z5 Sony Xperia Z5 Compact Sony Xperia Z5 Premium Spectrum 2 by LG Spectrum by LG Sprint 3G 4G U600 USB Modem Sprint 3G/4G Plug-in Connect USB Sprint 3G|4G USB 250U Sprint Flash Sprint Force Sprint LivePro Sprint Phone Connect 2 Sprint Plug-in-Connect Trimode Sprint Pocket WiFi Sprint PPC 6700 Sprint Vital Sprint WeGo T-Mobile 4G LTE HotSpot Z915 T-Mobile 4G Mobile Hotspot T-Mobile 665 T-Mobile 768 T-Mobile Comet T-Mobile Concord T-Mobile Concord II T-Mobile Dash T-Mobile Dash 3G T-Mobile G-Slate with Google T-Mobile G1 T-Mobile G2 T-Mobile G2x T-Mobile Jet 2.0 4G Stick T-Mobile MDA T-Mobile myTouch T-Mobile myTouch 3G T-Mobile myTouch 3G Slide T-Mobile myTouch 4G T-Mobile myTouch 4G Slide T-Mobile myTouch by LG T-Mobile myTouch Q T-Mobile myTouch Q by LG T-Mobile Prism T-Mobile Prism II T-Mobile Rocket 3.0 4G Laptop T-Mobile SDA T-Mobile Shadow T-Mobile Sidekick T-Mobile Sidekick 3 T-Mobile Sidekick 4G T-Mobile Sidekick iD T-Mobile Sidekick II T-Mobile Sidekick LX T-Mobile Sidekick Slide T-Mobile Sonic 4G T-Mobile Sparq T-Mobile Sparq II T-Mobile Tap T-Mobile webConnect Jet USB T-Mobile webConnect USB T-Mobile Wing Turing Phone UNIMAX MAXBravo Unimax MXE-675 UT Starcom PC-5740 UTStarcom Blitz UTStarcom CDM-8945 UTStarcom CDM-8975 UTStarcom Coupe UTStarcom PC5750 PCMCIA PC Broadband Card UTStarcom SMT5800 UTStarcom UM150 USB Modem UTStarcom UM175 USB UTStarcom XV6800 Pocket PC Verizon 4G LTE Broadband Router with Voice Verizon 4G LTE MiFi 4510L Verizon 4G LTE USB Modem 551L Verizon 4G LTE USB Modem UML295 Verizon AD3700 Global USB Verizon Adamant Verizon Blitz Verizon CDM8950 Verizon CDM8975 Verizon Ellipsis 8 Verizon Ellipsis Jetpack MHS800L Verizon Escapade Verizon GzOne Boulder Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot - MiFi 4620L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot - MiFi 5510L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot - MiFi MHS291L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot 890L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot MHS291L Verizon Jetpack MiFi 4620LE 4G LTE Verizon Jetpack MiFi 5510L 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot Verizon Jetpack MiFi 6620L Verizon Razzle Verizon SMT5800 Verizon UM175 USB Data Modem Verizon UMW190 Global USB Verizon USB760 Modem Verizon VX6900 Verizon Wireless Fivespot Global Ready 3G Mobile Hotspot Verizon Wireless Home Phone Connect Verizon Wireless Salute Verizon Wireless Turbine 7.0 Verizon Wireless USB551L Virgin Mobile Awe webConnect Rocket HSPA+ Windows Phone 8S Windows Phone 8X Xperia ion by Sony YotaPhone 2 ZTE Anthem 4G ZTE Aspect ZTE Avid 4G ZTE Axon Pro ZTE Boost Max+ ZTE Compel ZTE Concord II ZTE Force ZTE Fury ZTE Grand S3 ZTE Grand X Max+ ZTE Illustra ZTE Majesty ZTE Maven ZTE Merit ZTE Midnight ZTE Nubia 5S Mini ZTE Optik ZTE Overture 2 ZTE Prestige ZTE Quartz ZTE Rapido LTE ZTE Savvy ZTE Score M ZTE Solar ZTE Speed ZTE Supreme ZTE Unico LTE ZTE Valet ZTE Vital ZTE Warp ZTE Warp Elite ZTE Warp Sequent ZTE Warp Sync ZTE Whirl ZTE Z432 ZTE Z667 ZTE Zephyr ZTE Zinger ZTE ZMAX ZTE ZMAX 2 AT&T GoPhone $30 Monthly Plan for Smartphones AT&T GoPhone $40 Monthly Plan for Smartphones AT&T GoPhone $45 Smartphone Monthly Plan with Data AT&T GoPhone $60 Smartphone Monthly Plan with Data AT&T Mobile Share 10GB AT&T Mobile Share 15GB AT&T Mobile Share 1GB AT&T Mobile Share 20GB AT&T Mobile Share 2GB AT&T Mobile Share 300MB AT&T Mobile Share 40GB AT&T Mobile Share 4GB AT&T Mobile Share 50GB AT&T Mobile Share 6GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 10GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 15GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 1GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 20GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 25GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 2GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 300MB AT&T Mobile Share Value 30GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 3GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 40GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 50GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 5GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 60GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 6GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 7GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 8GB Boost Mobile BlackBerry Monthly Unlimited Boost Mobile Data Boost Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited Plan with Shrinking Payments Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited Select Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited with Growing Data CREDO Mobile 10GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 15GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 1GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 2GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 3GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 4GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 6GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 8GB Shared Data Plan FreedomPop Unlimited Talk & Text 1GB FreedomPop Unlimited Talk & Text 500MB GIV Mobile The 20 Plan GIV Mobile The 25 Plan GIV Mobile The 30 Plan GIV Mobile The 40 Plan GIV Mobile The 60 Plan MetroPCS $40 Unlimited Talk, Text and Data MetroPCS $50 Unlimited Talk, Text and Data MetroPCS $60 Unlimited Talk, Text and Data Net10 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data Net10 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data Family (2+ Lines) Republic Refund Plan with 0.5 GB Republic Refund Plan with 1 GB Republic Refund Plan with 2 GB Republic Refund Plan with 3 GB Republic Refund Plan with 4 GB Republic Refund Plan with 5 GB Republic Wireless $10 Plan Republic Wireless $25 Plan Republic Wireless $40 Plan Republic Wireless $5 Plan (WiFi Only) Republic Wireless Base Plan ROK Mobile Ultimate Unlimited Scratch Wireless Free Plan Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $1.99 Voice Pass Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $14.99 Voice Pass Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $6.99 Voice Pass Solavei Prepaid Unlimited Sprint $60 Unlimited Plan Sprint All-In Wireless Smartphone + Unlimited Sprint Family Share Pack 10GB Sprint Family Share Pack 12GB Sprint Family Share Pack 16GB Sprint Family Share Pack 1GB Sprint Family Share Pack 20GB Sprint Family Share Pack 2GB Sprint Family Share Pack 32GB Sprint Family Share Pack 40GB Sprint Family Share Pack 4GB Sprint Family Share Pack 60GB Sprint Family Share Pack 8GB Sprint Prepaid $60 Unlimited Talk, Text & Data Sprint Prepaid Unlimited Voice and Texting Sprint Simply Unlimited Plan for iPhone 6 & iPhone 6 Plus Sprint Unlimited My All-In Sprint Unlimited My Way Sprint Unlimited My Way Family Straight Talk All You Need Straight Talk Unlimited T-Mobile Simple Choice T-Mobile Simple Choice Family (Includes 2+ Lines) T-Mobile Simple Starter Plan T-Mobile Simply Prepaid T-Mobile Unlimited Talk and Text T-Mobile Unlimited Web and Text TextNow Wireless Grande Plan TextNow Wireless Quattro Plan TextNow Wireless Tall Plan TextNow Wireless Venti Plan The Verizon Plan - 100GB The Verizon Plan - 20GB The Verizon Plan - 25GB The Verizon Plan - 30GB The Verizon Plan - 40GB The Verizon Plan - 50GB The Verizon Plan - 60GB The Verizon Plan - 80GB The Verizon Plan - L The Verizon Plan - M The Verizon Plan - S The Verizon Plan - XL The Verizon Plan - XXL Ting L Plan Ting M Plan Ting S Plan Ting XL Plan TracFone 120 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan TracFone 200 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan TracFone 450 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan US Mobile 100 Mins Talk US Mobile 1000 Mins Talk US Mobile 2000 Mins Talk US Mobile 250 Mins Talk US Mobile 500 Mins Talk Verizon 100GB More Everything Verizon 10GB More Everything Verizon 14GB More Everything Verizon 15GB More Everything Verizon 16GB More Everything Verizon 20GB More Everything Verizon 2GB More Everything Verizon 30GB More Everything Verizon 40GB More Everything Verizon 4GB More Everything Verizon 500MB More Everything Verizon 50GB More Everything Verizon 60GB More Everything Verizon 80GB More Everything Verizon 8GB More Everything Verizon Prepaid Smartphone Plan Verizon Wireless Smartphone Single Line Plan Virgin Mobile payLo 1500 Talk & Text Virgin Mobile payLo 400 Minutes Virgin Mobile payLo Unlimited Talk & Text Virgin Mobile Unlimited + International + Extra Virgin Mobile Unlimited + More Data Virgin Mobile Unlimited Everything + International Number of Lines - Any - 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 Minutes Unlimited Messages: 500 Data Select the amount of total data you need for the entire plan. For example, if you need 2 lines with 1 GB of data each, you would select 2 GB of data with the data slider below. - Any -05KB50MB30MB100MB150MB200MB250MB300MB400MB500MB600MB700MB800MB900MB1GB1.5GB2GB2.5GB3GB4GB5GB6GB7GB8GB10GB12GB14GB15GB16GB18GB20GB25GB30GB32GB35GB40GB50GB60GB80GB100GB120GBUnlimited - Plans Home Phone Savings Home Phone Service Savings popular topics Android Data Featured News/Articles Rate plans Rumors Site announcements Software updates T-mobile Promotions Tablet Tips and Tricks Upcoming Phones Upcoming Services Windows Phone PhoneDog The most iconic smartphones of the past decade Xiaomi Air 13 Laptop Review Moto holding MWC event on February 26 Samsung Galaxy S8 expected to include 3.5mm headphone jack Andy Rubin said to be prepping new high-end smartphone that supports hardware add-ons Sprint will give you $200 when you switch carriers and sign up for an unlimited plan Will you buy a Galaxy S8 if it doesn't have a headphone jack? Android And Me Motorola hosting MWC event on February Samsung Galaxy S8 may have a headphone Andy Rubin working on an AI-focused, Sprint offering $200 to switch carriers Top 10 Android app updates this week: ZTE will launch an Android Wear watch HTC cutting down on new smartphones TodaysiPhone Next generation iPhone to feature IP68-rated Apple vs. Samsung case reopened by appeals Apple increases tvOS app restriction Consumer Reports now recommends the Apple seeds fourth iOS 10.2.1 beta 4 Apple seeds fourth macOS 10.12.3 beta A 10.5-inch iPad could provide the resolution About PhoneDog PhoneDog is one of the largest and most popular interactive mobile news and reviews resource that attracts a community of more than 2.5 million unique visitors each month. The site may have a "cute" name, but it offers up serious editorial content and video reviews that users rely on to make important decisions about their next mobile purchases. PhoneDog Media Family PhoneDog - Cell phone news Android And Me - Google & Android TmoNews - The Unofficial T-Mobile Blog TodaysiPhone - iPhone News & Rumors Company About us In the press Advertising info Jobs & careers Terms of Use Privacy policy Popular Reviews Rumors Upcoming Phones Rate plans Research & Shop Buying guide Phone finder Compare plans Phone specials Long distance © 2001-2017 PhoneDog, LLC. Reproduction without explicit permission is prohibited. All rights reserved.
Go Monday 16 January 2017 News Nigeria Africa World Metro NLC chief warns foreign oil firms against disrespect of labour laws 38 mins ago  Nigeria Opinion Editorial Columnists Cartoons If vengeance is divine, defence is human 1 day ago  Columnists Business Appointments Business News Business RoundUp Industry Aviation Capital Market Communications Energy DrillBytes Maritime SweetCrude Infrastructure Money Traders attribute scarcity of oranges to multiple taxation, strike by wholesalers 1 day ago  Business News Technology Gadgets Telecoms Social Media Technology Microsoft buys into Canada’s AI research with purchase of Maluuba 13 mins ago  Technology Sport Football Boxing Athletics Tennis Golf Aston Villa set to loan Cissokho to Olympiakos 1 day ago  Football Arts Arts Art House Artfolk Revue Film Literature Music Theatre Visual Arts Reese Witherspoon says 'things have to change' for Hollywood women 4 mins ago  Film Features Policy & Politics BusinessAgro Education Executive Motoring Executive Briefs Focus Friday Worship Law Media Science Youth Speak How to prevent cardiovascular diseases 1 day ago 1  Natural Health More Sections Property Environment Mortgage Finance Real Estate Urban Development Guardian Woman Entrepreneurship GW Fiction Personality Issues WIMBIZ Saturday Magazine Youth Magazine Just Human Life & Style Love & Life Transition Travel & Tourism Celebrity Brand Intelligence Gardening Weekend Beats Sunday Magazine Ibru Ecumenical Centre Campus CityFile News Feature Living Healthy Diet Living Wellbeing Newspeople Aspire By Zenith Technology  |  Technology   Nigeria requires proactive users to conquer IT security- Ake By Peter Oluka   |   13 January 2017   |   4:29 am Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google+ Share on LinkedIn Share via Email Ake who was responding to Nigeria CommunicationsWeek questions on IT security in the country, decried increased cases of breaches, adding that most users are more reactive to the matter. ESET had in its 2017 report warned that common occurrence in recent times has been the emergence of malicious apps in the official iOS and Android app repositories. The Company described the phenomenon as first seemed extremely rare but that has unfortunately become more common over time.According to internetlivestats.com, which estimates Nigeria’s population at 186,987,563, there are 86,219,965 internet users in the country as at 2016 at the penetration rate of 46.1 %. This trend has even affected the Apple App Store, which theoretically has more controls than the Google Play Store for Android, Denise Giusto Bilić, ESET Security Researcher, said in a 2017 IT security trends report released by the company recently. Bilić identified that as for publishing applications, numerous factors encourage the existence of malicious apps in Google’s app store.According to her, not only is Android a favorite target for cybercriminals because it has the largest number of potential victims, but the speed at which apps are published on the Play Store also makes it a potential target for many attackers trying to propagate their threats. She said, “With Android, any developer can create an account with a one-off payment of USD 25, upload an application, and have it published within 24 hours. In contrast, the cost of iOS development membership is more than USD 99 per year and the app approval waiting period can last weeks. “One of the several strategies Google might use to reduce the number of candidate applications could be raising the price for developers’ accounts. In his reaction, Ake told Nigeria CommunicationsWeek, “On IT Security Education, it is more reactive than proactive. The majority of ​​users are only aware of the need to secure their devices after a breach. Very few in this climate place IT security as top priority, including business decision-makers. “ESET often advise device owners, businesses owners across major sectors to be proactive with first-level IT security measures as it saves a fortune to be safe than sorry. IT Security breaches cost organisations a lot more such as data loss, productive downtime, huge financial loss, government fines, customer lawsuits, brand smearing etc. “In addition, ESET Mobile Security app is available on app stores with features that constantly scans, cleans or quarantine malicious apps on user devices. It is highly recommended these days as most organisations rely on mobile devices to carry out day to day businesses. “On apps, I don’t think organisations have more than one ‘same’ app with different versions as the apps are updated version-wise without being duplicated on the play store or other app markets”. He however said that the only risk would be that an app may be cloned with malicious content which may eventually pose threat to user device & data when/ if downloaded. Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google+ Share on LinkedIn Share via Email In this article: IT securityMr. Olufemi Ake You may also like 5G to dominate mobile subscriptions in Africa by 2022- Ericsson 3 days ago  Technology Stakeholders seek clear local content policy in telecom sector 3 days ago  Telecoms Amazon to deliver 100,000 new US jobs 3 days ago  Technology Latest Reese Witherspoon says 'things have to change' for Hollywood women 5 mins ago  Film Microsoft buys into Canada’s AI research with purchase of Maluuba 14 mins ago  Technology NLC chief warns foreign oil firms against disrespect of labour laws 39 mins ago  Nigeria Tinubu congratulates Adebanwi on getting professorial chair at Oxford varsity 50 mins ago  Nigeria Release of suspected killers of Abuja female pastor is criminal, says HURIWA 1 hour ago  Nigeria More   Communication Community hails Airtel ’s support against HIV/AIDS 3 days ago   Ingenico, Interswitch to deliver multichannel payment solutions 3 days ago   SON arrests two over fake phones 3 days ago   NSA intervenes to protect telecom infrastructure 6 Jan   NCS calls for rechristening of ministry of communications 6 Jan   Top News Nigeria Africa World Metro Opinion Editorial Columnists Cartoons Business Appointments Business News Business RoundUp Industry Aviation Capital Market Communications Energy DrillBytes Maritime SweetCrude Infrastructure Money Technology Gadgets Telecoms Social Media Technology Sport Football Boxing Athletics Tennis Golf Arts Arts Art House Artfolk Revue Film Literature Music Theatre Visual Arts Features Policy & Politics BusinessAgro Education Executive Motoring Executive Briefs Focus Friday Worship Law Media Science Youth Speak Property Environment Mortgage Finance Real Estate Urban Development Guardian Woman Entrepreneurship GW Fiction Personality Issues WIMBIZ Saturday Magazine Youth Magazine Just Human Life & Style Love & Life Transition Travel & Tourism Celebrity Brand Intelligence Gardening Weekend Beats Sunday Magazine Ibru Ecumenical Centre Campus CityFile News Feature Living Healthy Diet Living Wellbeing Newspeople Aspire By Zenith Guardian TV News Opinion Fashion Sport Entertainment Science & Tech GTV Exclusive Guardian Life Home Lifestyle Showbiz Trending LS Diaries On The Cover The Guardian Home About Us Advertise With Us |     Powered by Ventra Copyright © 2017 Guardian Newspapers. All Rights Reserved.
Top News National City Islamabad Karachi Lahore Muzaffarabad Opinion Editorial Articles Voice of People Contributors Zahid Malik M Ziauddin Masood Khan Gen (R) Mirza Aslam Beg Bipin Dani Gen (R) Mirza Aslam Beg Khalid Saleem Kuldip Nayar M D Nalapat M Ziauddin Masood Khan Robert Clements Salahuddin Haider Sultan M Hali The Spirit Of Islam Zahid Malik Sultan M Hali Khalid Saleem M D Nalapat Kuldip Nayar Bipin Dani Salahuddin Haider Robert Clements Business Economy Watch Islamic Banking & Finance Sports World Health e-paper Social Diary Search Home Contact Us LOG IN Welcome! Log into your account Forgot your password? Recover your password Pakistan Observer Top News National City Islamabad Karachi Lahore Muzaffarabad Opinion Editorial Articles Voice of People Contributors Zahid Malik M Ziauddin Masood Khan Gen (R) Mirza Aslam Beg AllBipin DaniGen (R) Mirza Aslam BegKhalid SaleemKuldip NayarM D NalapatM ZiauddinMasood KhanRobert ClementsSalahuddin HaiderSultan M HaliThe Spirit Of IslamZahid Malik Articles Ugliest man in the world..! Articles Should good ties with Russia be Trump’s priority? Articles State of our electronic media Articles Sons of liberty Sultan M Hali Khalid Saleem M D Nalapat Kuldip Nayar Bipin Dani Salahuddin Haider Robert Clements Business Economy Watch Islamic Banking & Finance Sports World Health e-paper Social Diary Home Economy Watch Google to promote e-commerce in Pakistan Economy Watch Google to promote e-commerce in Pakistan By Webmaster - January 13, 2017 0 44 Share on Facebook Tweet on Twitter Staff Reporter Islamabad Google Director for Public Policy and Government Relations for Southeast Asia and Greater China Ann Lavin met Finance Minister Ishaq Dar in Islamabad on Thursday.. Acknowledging the economic progress the country has made in the last three years, Lavin said her company could play a role in IT development and promotion of e-commerce in the country. While discussing the possibilities of her company’s collaboration in digitalisation of economic activity in the counter, the Google director said her company could also assist in attracting investment in Pakistan. On this occasion, Dar asked the Google director to submit a complete plan for implementation of these proposals so it could be considered by relevant stakeholders. The government is committed to providing a level playing field to all prospective local and foreign investors, he added. Further, the minister said that Pakistan has been projected by renowned international institutions as the second best place for investment in the world, adding that the turnaround of Pakistan’s economy, macroeconomic stability, improvement of energy and security situation in the country has provided a conducive atmosphere for enhanced commercial activity and foreign direct investment while a number of new entrants have shown keen interest to invest in Pakistan’s IT sector as well. The meeting was also attended by the senior officials of the Finance Division and Google representatives. Share this: Print Email Tweet Related SHARE Facebook Twitter tweet Previous articleKSE 100 continues to witness bullish trend Next articlePrestonian wins gold medal in inter-university boxing Webmaster RELATED ARTICLESMORE FROM AUTHOR Economy Watch Pakistan to sign FTA with Turkey, Thailand Economy Watch Index gains 175 points in roller-coaster week Economy Watch Global food prices fall for 5th year in a row: UN Digital Newspaper Social Diary International Conference on Language Literature Society Management Founder: Zahid Malik Editor: Faisal Zahid Malik Executive Editor: Gauhar Zahid Malik Editor Social Diary: Sadia Zahid Malik E-Mail : socialdiarymag@gmail.com magazinesocialdiary@hotmail.com Resident Editor Lahore: ..... E-Mail: obslhr@pakobserver.net Resident Editor Peshawar: Tariq Saeed E-Mail: obspwr@pakobserver.net Group Director : Khurram Jaffrani E-Mail: khurram_jaffrani@hotmail.com Director Marketing : Naveed Ahmad Khan Cell # 0300-5129008 Contact Us Online Edition : Q Malik / Ch Imran Zafar E-Mail: webmaster@pakobserver.net Islamabad: 051-2852027, 051-2852028 E-Mail : observer@pakobserver.net Karachi: 021-35308446-49 E-Mail : obskhi@pakobserver.net Lahore: 042-36306666, 36303333 E-Mail : obslhr@pakobserver.net ABOUT USHead Office Address: Daily Pakistan Observer, Ali AKbar House , Markez G-8, Islamabad Contact us: observer@pakobserver.net FOLLOW US Home Health Voice of People © Copy Rights Reserved . Daily Pakistan Observer MORE STORIES UCWeb launches Student Ambassador Programme October 31, 2016 RCCI President’s ill-preparedness creates fuss for business community April 12, 2016 Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
CleanTechnica Store Go Solar! Electric Cars Solar Power 100% Renewable Energy? RSS Sponsor A Post Advertise CleanTechnica is the #1 cleantech-focused news & analysis site in the world. Subscribe today! The future is now. About About Our Team CleanTechnica Comment Policy Use Of Our Content Important Media Network Important Media Jobs Contact Us Sponsor A Post Buy Banner Ad Space Local Solar Discounts Electric Car Reviews Audi A3 e-tron Review BMW i3 Review BMW i3 vs Mercedes B-Class Electric BMW i3 vs Nissan LEAF vs Chevy Volt BMW i3 vs Tesla Model S 70D BMW i8 vs Tesla Model S vs Cadillac ELR vs Porsche Panamera S E-Hybrid vs BMW i3 Chevy Spark EV Review 2016 Chevy Volt Review Chevy Volt Cost of Ownership Review Fiat 500e Review Mercedes B-Class Electric Drive Mitsubishi Outlander PHEV Review Nissan LEAF Long-Term Review Renault Twizy Review Renault Zoe Review Smart Electric Drive Review Smart Electric Drive vs Camaro Tesla Model S Long-Term Review Tesla Model S P85D Review Tesla Model X Review #1, by Zach Tesla Model X Review #2, by Kyle Volkswagen e-Golf Review Volkswagen e-Up! Review Exclusives 70-Page Electric Car Report (Free!) All Exclusives CleanTechnica Events CleanTechnica Reports CleanTechnica Reviews Cleantech Talk (Our Podcast) CleanTechnica Videos Long-Term Nissan LEAF Review Long-Term Tesla Model S Review Power Solar Energy News Local Solar Discounts How To Go Solar About Solar Energy Wind Energy News About Wind Energy Energy Efficiency Lighting LED Energy Storage Smart Grid Geothermal Energy Hydroelectricy Marine Energy Biomass Transport Electric Vehicles Electric Vehicle News Electric Cars For Sale In 2016 (US) Electric Cars Are Greener Tesla Motors Bicycles Benefits Of Bicycling Biofuels Cars Boats Mass Transit / Public Transit Trains / Rail Aviation Shipping Surprise! Search → NavigationCleanTechnica StoreGo Solar!Electric CarsSolar Power100% Renewable Energy?RSSSponsor A PostAdvertise Autonomous Vehicles Published on January 12th, 2017 | by Zachary Shahan 0 2016 Laid Huge Cleantech Foundations — In 2017, We’ll Start Seeing The Beautiful Results January 12th, 2017 by Zachary Shahan  2016 was a pretty huge year for cleantech, but I think it was largely a foundation-laying year, whereas 2017 and 2018 will be the breakout years in which we start seeing the walls of this beautiful cleantech transition rise. (Building-integrated solar PV walls with EV charging plugs, of course.) 8 (or 1 Million) Electric Vehicle Foundations Built In 2016 For 2017, 2018, 2019 … There were several huge foundations laid in the electric vehicle world in 2016 — more than I’m going to list, I’m sure. However, a few stories hogged the public eye so much that I think they concealed some of these other breakthrough moments. 1. Chevy Bolt The Chevy Bolt is a big deal. The poor thing has repeatedly gotten scapegoated and ridiculed because the chosen one (the Tesla Model 3) is just around the corner — well, the Model 3 is seemingly much better on a few key fronts, but that doesn’t make the Bolt any less of a breakthrough model. The Bolt is not the long-term star of the EV story, and it is suffering from fairytale step-sister syndrome, but it is genuinely a huge deal and deserves more love. The Bolt is indeed the first affordable + long-range electric car in the US. It’s a fully electric offering from a major automaker that does theoretically put its gasoline siblings to shame. There’s a bit of skepticism and concern that GM isn’t really going for the gold, has totally missed the target on styling and its overall EV approach, has priced the Bolt too high, and is still doing things to delay the EV transition in secret. However, the modest and common-looking Bolt has already won some of the most distinguished awards in the auto industry — Motor Trend Car of the Year, Detroit Free Press Car of the Year, and CleanTechnica Car of the Year (ahem), to name a few. Additionally, GM is planning to produce fully autonomous Bolts for use by Lyft drivers and others — a potentially giant market — and the company seems to already be targeting fleet buyers, which is another tremendous market the Bolt could dominate. The potential is there for the Chevy Bolt to be one of the defining monuments of the EV transition. Heck, even Woz bought a Bolt to be his daily driver. 2016 was a foundation year for the Bolt since it was the last year of prep before the Bolt was genuinely mass produced and unleashed on the public. Get ready for a fun ride in 2017 (and presumably onward). 2. Chrysler Pacifica Hybrid & Toyota Prius Prime — The Silent PHEV Rise? If you’ve read CleanTechnica for long, you probably know that I’m not a huge fan of plug-in hybrids — quite the opposite. However, they do serve a purpose in the EV revolution, and perhaps more importantly, I think plug-in hybrids are a canary in the coal mine for coming EV competitiveness. Two breakout plug-in hybrids that got their final development ribbons tied in 2016 and are set to make a mark in 2017 and beyond are the Chrysler Pacifica Hybrid & the Toyota Prius Prime — funny that both of these break from tradition and don’t include “Plug-In Hybrid” or “PHEV” in the title. These models are not quite the same price as their handicapped conventional hybrids and gasoline siblings at the cash register (though, the Prime is close), but the fuel savings & time savings that follow from cheap & convenient home or workplace charging quickly nail the deal for any thoughtful buyer. It’s not surprising that the Prius Prime is already seeing fairly strong sales in the US, and I’m super eager to see how it and the Chrysler Pacifica Hybrid do in the months and years to come. Also, it’s worth highlighting that the Chrysler Pacifica Hybrid has been chosen by Waymo (Google/Alphabet) for its first round of robotaxi vehicles, which is surely a good sign! That could be big business for Chrysler. 3. Waymo & Competitors Speaking of Waymo (Google/Alphabet), the ready-for-market stage of Google’s long-running self-driving vehicle work finally showed itself (in December). It also finished its first 100 autonomous Chrysler Pacifica Hybrids — which will be hitting the road and shuttling customers around beginning this month. Not willing to leave December/2016 without more of a bang, it then announced what seems like the same kind of partnership with Honda. Why do I have a feeling we’re going to be seeing and hearing a lot more from Waymo in 2017? But Waymo isn’t the only game in town. The autonomous vehicle market seems to be the hottest market in the tech world. It’s now hard to think of a major tech brand (or auto company) that isn’t somehow tied into this market. 4. Renault & Nissan (Self-Driving) EVs Nissan appears to be near the front of the self-driving pack — or it just puts on a good show. Either way, though, it’s clear Renault-Nissan is at the forefront of the electric car transition. Renault shocked the world (er, the EV world) by beating GM & Tesla to market (in Europe) with the first affordable + long-range electric car (an updated Renault Zoe). Nissan and Renault are both good at holding their secrets & upcoming plans close to their chests, but Nissan’s Senior VP of R&D has indicated that a 200+ mile LEAF will also be an option following a coming refresh — presumably, sometime in 2017, or early 2018 at the latest, but details are still a bit scarce. A long-range LEAF (especially with a visual refresh) could theoretically put the LEAF in close competition with the Chevy Bolt and Tesla Model 3 — theoretically. Furthermore, if the kind of deep discounts we’ve been seeing on the lower-range LEAF trims become the norm (see here, here, and here), Nissan could keep gobbling up the biggest portion of the EV pie. It may no longer be #1 in the EV market in the US, but it’s holding on despite being in a transition period and it is the fastest-growing small family car in the UK. I’m expecting big things from Nissan (and sister Renault) in 2017 5. Tesla Model 3 & Model Y Tesla’s massive, insane, wonderful battery Gigafactory is basically ready to start pumping out batteries for the Tesla Model 3. This is huge. The Model 3 — the main end product for Giga 1’s revolutionary product — is supposed to arrive in the second half of 2017, and that could even mean breaking into the top 20 of US auto sales. At the very least, it’s hard to describe it as anything other than the beginning of a new auto era, and much of the foundation for that era was laid in 2016. Worth remembering is that a CUV built on the Model 3 platform is in the works as well (reportedly with something like the Model X’s signature falcon-wing doors). Dubbed the Model Y (filling out Tesla’s S-3-X-Y lineup), this electric CUV could likely become a bigger seller than the Model 3. I expect we’ll hear and see more about the Model Y in 2017 as more of its foundational work is completed. Also worth remembering is that the Model 3 will hit the market with hardware allowing for fully autonomous driving, and Tesla has plans in place to let you cash in on the self-driving service yourself. Tesla is also planning a big 2017 public awareness event around this tech — a fully self-driven trip from LA to NYC. Again, with all of this in the works, it appears that the Model 3 and Model Y are going to propel us into a very different automotive era. 6. Tesla Transit, Pickup Trucks, & Semi Trucks (Lorries) Tesla’s not stopping with those passenger vehicles (the S-3-X-Y lineup). Tesla Transit, Tesla semi-trucks, Tesla pickup trucks, and surely plenty more fun are in the plans as well. How much of this we’ll get a glimpse of in 2017, who knows, but I expect we will see more exciting teasers from the presumptuous cleantech king of the world. 7. EV Revolution At BYD, BAIC, & The Red Giant In the West, it’s Tesla, Tesla, Tesla, but China’s electric car market is apparently now bigger than Europe’s and the USA’s combined … and Tesla doesn’t reign in China. BYD and BAIC are the top dogs there in the EV world, and BYD is also dominating the electric bus market outside of China. There’s a strong argument to be made that BYD is the actual cleantech king of the world, and that is probably the broad assumption in China. However, auto giant BAIC is making a strong move to challenge BYD in the EV space. All of this may be niche news in the US & Europe — even to cleantech fanatics — but to ignore the faster cleantech revolution in China and the companies leading it would be a bit absurd. 8. Superfast Charging … Finally One more giant foundational piece for EVs in 2016 was superfast charging. This has been the ginormous weak link in conventional automakers’ EV initiatives, with only Tesla offering superfast charging, but 2016 saw several automakers partner in Europe to plan a superfast charging network, and also saw the first non-Tesla superfast charging station break ground in the USA, via US fast-charging leader EVgo. Such networks — combined with cost-competitive batteries & upfront EV prices — are the straws that will break the back of the gasmobile/pollution era in transport. Solar Breaking Through The Ground Solar power isn’t about tantalizing humans with insane 0–60 (mph) times. It isn’t about thrilling our emotions and spiking our adrenalin. It’s basically about two things: 1) cost and 2) saving humanity from total societal collapse (and perhaps even genuine livability). Unfortunately, it’s a rather small minority that cares about #2. The good news, though, is that practically everyone cares about #1, and solar had an insane 0–60 time breaking through the cost-competitiveness barrier, which it did on a massive scale by the end of 2016. Lazard recently reported that utility-scale solar power has become cheaper than every other source of electricity (new power plants) other than wind. In 2017, we’ll see the fruits of that breakthrough a lot more. The dramatically lower price of utility-scale solar power and wind power compared to fossil fuels and nuclear power should be evident to everyone today. Click to embiggen. Energy Storage Is Robin — And Batman (Solar) Is Ready For The Boost Technically, storage isn’t that needed at the moment for solar to grow, and it’s not an urgent need on the horizon, but having solar + storage break through the cost-competitiveness barrier is such a strong symbolic achievement — as well as a practical one for several projects — that it would also be a standout cleantech story of the year if it could have been achieved. Well, apparently, it was. Are fossil fuels in the coffin yet? No, not really — some people are convinced the walking dead are alive and well just because they’re walking. [Edit: As “delphi23” points out, people are still pumping money into the walking dead — building new pollution plants (mostly natural gas).] Additionally, there are a lot of existing power plants blasting out pollution like there’s no tomorrow since their initial capital costs are long paid off or close to paid off. We should do all we can to stop installing pollution plants and help existing pollution plants to reach an early retirement, but it’s unclear what the future holds in that regard in the US and elsewhere. Efficiency — The Invisible Giant Solar, electric vehicles, and batteries get all the glory, but efficiency is still the invisible giant that supports, complements, and is actually within all of those sexier industries. There are giant leaps forward being made routinely in the energy efficiency sector — a sector that is, frankly, so broad in essence that it isn’t really one industry but many, many. Homes, cars, heating and cooling systems, computers, TVs, phones, factories, power plants, lighting, water heaters, and plenty of other things will become more efficient in 2017, and 2018, and 2019. This won’t attract eyeballs like the latest adventures of Kanye West & Taylor Swift, but I think it’ll have a bit of a bigger dent on the future of humanity. Thanks to Freddy D for the nudge on this piece. Buy a cool T-shirt or mug in the CleanTechnica store!   Keep up to date with all the hottest cleantech news by subscribing to our (free) cleantech newsletter, or keep an eye on sector-specific news by getting our (also free) solar energy newsletter, electric vehicle newsletter, or wind energy newsletter. Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Flipboard (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) More Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pocket (Opens in new window) Click to Press This! (Opens in new window) Tags: BAIC, BYD, Chevy Bolt, China, chrysler pacifica, Chrysler Pacifica Hybrid, EV superfast charging, GM, Lazard, Nissan, Nissan Leaf, renault, Superfast charging, Tesla Model 3, Tesla Model Y, Tesla Motors, TESLA PICKUP TRUCK, Tesla Semi Truck, Tesla semi trucks, Waymo About the Author Zachary Shahan is tryin' to help society help itself (and other species) one letter at a time. He spends most of his time here on CleanTechnica as its director and chief editor. Otherwise, he's probably enthusiastically fulfilling his duties as the director/editor of EV Obsession, Gas2, Solar Love, Planetsave, or Bikocity; or as president of Important Media. Zach is recognized globally as a solar energy, electric car, energy storage, and wind energy expert. If you would like him to speak at a related conference or event, connect with him via social media: ZacharyShahan.com. Zach has long-term investments in TSLA, FSLR, SPWR, SEDG, & ABB. After years of covering solar and EVs, he simply has a lot of faith in these companies and feels like they are good companies to invest in. Related Posts Wind Trains, Chevy Bolt Dealer Investigation … (Top 20 CleanTechnica Stories of the Week) → Hands-Free — A “Drive” In An Autonomous Car, Carlos Ghosn Shares His Experience → Details On New Tesla Supercharger Usage Fees → Global Clean Energy Investment Is Down, But Solar Is Cheaper & Offshore Wind Is Booming → Back to Top ↑ ▲ 69 ... Followers Follow ▲ 331 ... Fans Like ▲ 11 ... Subscribers Subscribe ▲ 4 ... Fans Follow ... Followers Follow ... Fan Love Advertisement Click here to sponsor CleanTechnica. Bring your brand to millions of readers every month. Advertisement Top Stories On CleanTechnica The Totally Insane Carbon Bubble 790 Gigawatts of Cost-Cutting Renewable Energy Potential in South East Europe EV Charging Survey — This One Will Make A Difference! Wall Or No Wall, Here Comes US Energy Integration With Mexico A Guy Walks Into A Chevy Dealer… US Taxpayers Shelled Out WHAT!?! For Fancy Govt. Energy Upgrades Advertisement CleanTechnica T-Shirts & Mugs! 30 Electric Car Benefits 10 Top Solar Facts Cost of Solar Panels Wind & Solar Prices Beat Fossils Advantages of Solar Power 7 Reasons Why Solar & Wind Win 50 Tips For Trolling EVs 44 Tips For Trolling Solar CleanTechnica Answer Box 47 Top CleanTechnica Interviews Our Electric Car Reviews Tesla Model 3 FAQ … Answered! CleanTechnica Electric Car Report Email Address Join The Solar Revolution! Search the IM Network CleanTechnica is the #1 cleantech-focused news & analysis website in the US & the world, focusing primarily on electric cars, solar energy, wind energy, & energy storage. It is part of Important Media -- a network of 20 progressive blogs working to make the world a better, greener place. Follow @cleantechnica The content produced by this site is for entertainment purposes only. Opinions and comments published on this site may not be sanctioned by, and do not necessarily represent the views of Sustainable Enterprises Media, Inc., its owners, sponsors, affiliates, or subsidiaries. © 2016   Sustainable Enterprises Media, Inc. CleanTechnica Store Go Solar! Electric Cars Solar Power 100% Renewable Energy? RSS Sponsor A Post Advertise Back to Top ↑ Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Our site uses cookies. By continuing to use our site you are agreeing to our cookies policy.Accept and close Accessibility LinksSkip to content Monday January 16 2017 Join nowLog in Read the full article Just register a few details. Get access now Google snaps up Dublin office as Brexit effect spreads John Walsh January 13 2017, 12:01am, The Times The Velasco is close to Google’s Dublin offices, where it employs 6,000 people Google has agreed to lease the Velasco building in Dublin as the wider commercial property market benefits from the UK’s vote to leave the EU. The 51,000 sq ft office building, which is next to the Grand Canal, could accommodate up to 500 employees. Google already employs 6,000 people in Dublin at its offices in Barrow Street, which is roughly 300 metres from the Velasco building. A spokeswoman for Google said that the company would not comment on the transaction. A senior Dublin property agent said that activity in the commercial property market was accelerating. “Last year there was a lot of speculation about firms looking at a move to Dublin following Brexit. We are now past the tyre-kicking phase. Firms [are] in the inspection… Want to read more? Register with a few details to continue reading this article.Get access now Already a subscriber? Login You are now logged out Your choice of two articles a week Unlock quality journalism on the topics that you decide matter mostRegister now Or enjoy full access Subscribe and catch up with all the stories behind the headlinesSubscribe today Already a member? Log in Back to top Get in touch Contact us Help The Times Editorial Complaints The Sunday Times Editorial Complaints Place an announcement Classified advertising Display advertising The Times corrections The Sunday Times corrections More from The Times and The Sunday Times The Times e-paper The Sunday Times e-paper Times Currency Services The Sunday Times Wine Club Encounters Dating Times Print Gallery The Times Archive Times Crossword Club Sunday Times Driving Times+ The Sunday Times Rich List Insider City Guides Good University Guide Parent Power © Times Newspapers Limited 2017.  Registered in England No. 894646.  Registered office: 1 London Bridge Street, SE1 9GF. Privacy & cookie policy Syndication Terms and conditions Stay well-informed Receive complimentary access to two articles from The Times and The Sunday Times every weekGet access now No credit card requiredI'm ok thanks
Menu CIO CloseCIO In-depth Big Data BPM Budgeting Business Continuity Business Intelligence C-Suite Perspectives Change Management Cloud Consumerisation of IT Infrastructure Innovation IT Value KM/Storage Mobile/Wireless/Convergence Project Management Risk Management Security Vendor View Resources Career CIO Executive Council e-Mags Events Media Releases News Newsletters PartnerZones Slideshows Videos Whitepapers Industries Education Finance Government Login Forgot password? Sign up now to get free exclusive access to reports, research and invitation only events. LinkedIn Twitter YouTube Facebook Google Plus Send Us E-mail Privacy Policy [Updated 3 Mar 14] Advertising CSO Subscribe to emails Subscribe to IDG Publications Contact Us Menu CIO Alphabet says balloons beat drones for internet delivery Alphabet says balloons beat drones for internet delivery The Google parent has shut down its Titan project John Ribeiro (IDG News Service) 12 January, 2017 18:52 - - - - print email Comments Alphabet has shut down its Titan unit that was exploring the use of unmanned aerial vehicles for the delivery of internet services. The Google parent is instead focusing on its balloons-based Project Loon to deliver the Internet to remote areas. Google acquired in 2014 Titan Aerospace and the team from the drone startup was brought in late 2015 into the X research lab, which incubates a number of Alphabet moonshot projects like the Project Wing project for drone-based delivery. The work on the use of high-altitude UAVs for internet access was ended shortly after, as it was found that in comparison, at this stage "the economics and technical feasibility of Project Loon present a much more promising way to connect rural and remote parts of the world," Alphabet said in a statement Wednesday. News of the shutdown of the Titan project was first reported by 9to5Google. Many people from the Titan team have been assigned to other projects at X, including Loon and Project Wing, Alphabet added. The company has also invested in satellites that can beam Internet signals to earth. In January 2015, Google invested in SpaceX, a private company led by Elon Musk, to design, manufacture and launch rockets and spacecraft. The Continuum from Building to Buying your infrastructure More from Dell EMC Join the CIO Australia group on LinkedIn. The group is open to CIOs, IT Directors, COOs, CTOs and senior IT managers. Join the CIO newsletter! Join Error: Please check your email address. Tags internet More about GoogleNews Editor's Recommendations ​Is Apple under threat? How operational resilience helped RBA survive a siege ​Real estate agents gain some data intelligence Bully building body replacement's tech transformation trips before bouncing back Exclusive: City of Monash leaps towards virtualisation and cloud ​6 ways to show your emotional intelligence Read more Gartner Partner Zone Latest Blog Posts Digital disinterest David Bartlett Why best practice is risky Rob Livingstone Open Government, how ready is Australia? Rory Gregg Related Whitepapers CIO Forum in Association with Dell Technologies Delivering Quality of Service with Pillar Axiom 600 Latest Jobs Account Delivery Lead NSW Virtualization Architect ACT Web Developer SA Security Solutions Architect - Consultancy - Permanent - Sydney CBD NSW PHP Developer QLD SAP UX Architect ACT Service Delivery Manager - Enterprise ACT Solutions Architect - Data Centre/ Network SA Front End Developer NSW Back End Developer NSW Show all jobs Show Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Read next My month with the Surface Book i7 with Performance Base ​Steven Fox leaves Caltex ​Protecting your organisation with cyber-insurance alone is not enough CSO Online In pictures: CIO Summit Melbourne In pictures: CIO50 launch party Atlassian acquires team-management software vendor Trello Market Place WIN a HTC Vive Kit valued at $1399, take this 3 minute survey for your chance to WIN! Participate in this market research and go into the draw to win a Lego Death Star, (valued at $999). Answer 5 quick questions and you could win a Lego Mindstorm EV3, (valued at $499). 6 cities | 20 exhibitors | International & local keynotes | Hear from Mark Loveless 'Simple Nomad' & Jeff Lanza Former FBI - Save your seat at CSO Perspectives Roadshow CSO After MongoDB, ransomware groups hit exposed Elasticsearch clusters WhatsApp vulnerability could expose messages to prying eyes, report claims Suspected NSA tool hackers dump more cyberweapons in farewell Guccifer 2.0, alleged Russian cyberspy, returns to deride US Siblings arrested in Italy's worst cyberespionage operation ever Computerworld Microsoft slates end to security bulletins in February Telstra to guarantee connectivity over key subsea cable routes Computerworld news now available via Alexa Flash Briefing Will Trump's policies increase IT employment? 'Antiquated' IT behind MP expenses reporting to be overhauled, says Turnbull ARN InfoTrust - Specialising in security ​Changing of the channel guard in 2017 Is big data lucrative or losing steam? Kiandra IT drives early growth in 2017 with new head of software development Chatbots, collective intelligence, and blockchain to change how business is run in 2017 Techworld Social networks let the rich buy influence 5G spectrum squatting case ends in $100M FCC fine The Switch is a mix of Nintendo's past consoles Microsoft slates end to security bulletins in February INU is a pricey personal scooter for the urban consumer CMO Ascent360 raises $1.9m funding to help retailers leverage customer data Interview: The business case for mixed reality in marketing Marketing, sales and IT could be up for big pay rises in 2017 Design thinking: Leading with experience Styletread shares how it achieved email marketing personalisation Send Us E-mail Privacy Policy [Updated 3 Mar 14] Advertising Books CSO Subscribe to emails IDG registered user login Subscribe to IDG Publications Contact Us Copyright 2017 IDG Communications. ABN 14 001 592 650. All rights reserved. Reproduction in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of IDG Communications is prohibited. IDG Sites PC World GoodGearGuide Computerworld CMO CSO Techworld ARN CIO Executive Council IDG Education IDG Government IDG Health
9to5Google 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Mac iOS AAPL Guides iPhone iPad Apple Watch Apple TV Mac Apps Community Cashback/Fix Cash Back Fix Trending in Apple Opinion: Does Apple need to make an Amazon Echo/Google Home speaker, or just make Siri better? Trending in Apple 10 years on, how the iPhone changed our lives, reactions from the 9to5Mac team Trending in Apple Apple’s AirPods and the best cord-free competition compared Trending in Apple 2017 & Beyond: What’s next for Mac, and what of its longer-term future? Trending in Apple Comment: OWC’s ‘DEC’ attachment highlights the portability progress Apple has made with the MacBook Pro Trending in Apple Opinion: Why the LG 5K UltraFine isn’t the MacBook Pro display I’m looking for January 12 AAPL: 119.25 -0.50 Google Maps for iOS updated with new ride services interface, deeper Uber integration Chance Miller - Jan. 12th 2017 7:59 pm PT @ChanceHMiller Apps & Updates Google Maps View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit Google today has announced an update to its Maps app on iOS that brings a few notable changes. The update improves ride sharing integration with Uber, while it also refreshes the ride sharing interface as a whole. The update is also coming to Android. First off, the update refreshes the entire ride sharing interface. Google says that when you open the ride sharing screen, you’ll now see new ride options and more actionable informational. For instance, instead of a long list of ride service providers and ride options, you’ll see a map interface with a carousel of ride service providers available: With today’s updates, you’ll now see more types of ride options and more actionable information. When you open ride services mode, instead of a long list of ride service providers and ride options, you’ll see the map you know and love, along with a carousel of ride service providers in your area. Just tap on your preferred provider to see a complete list of ride options and special offers or promotions. Next up, today’s update allows you to book an Uber ride directly within Google Maps. Even if you don’t have the Uber app installed on your phone, you can sign into your account via the Maps app and book an Uber ride, track your car on the map, and communicate with your driver. While in route in your Uber, you can view information about your destination, such as menus, hours, reviews, and other information. We’re also trying out a new integration that lets you book, complete and pay for an Uber ride without ever leaving Google Maps—even if you don’t have the Uber app installed on your device. Once you sign into your existing Uber account (or create one), you can book an Uber ride, track your driver on the map, and connect with your driver—all from within the Google Maps app. Today’s update comes following other feature additions to Google Maps for iOS, including iOS 10 optimizations, new widgets, food delivery service integration, and more. Google Maps has supported ride fares and pick up times for ride-sharing services for nearly a year, but today’s integration with Uber takes it to the next level. Download Google Maps for iOS from the App Store now. Guides Google Maps View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options. Post to Cancel
CNET Reviews Best Products CNET 100 Appliances Audio Cameras Cars Desktops Drones Headphones Laptops Networking Phones Printers Smart Home Tablets TVs Virtual Reality Wearable Tech Web Hosting Forums News Apple Computers Crave Deals Google Internet Microsoft Mobile Photography Security Sci-Tech Tech Culture Tech Industry Photo Galleries Video Forums Video Apple Byte Carfection CNET Top 5 CNET Update Googlicious How To Netpicks Next Big Thing News On Cars Phones Prizefight Tablets Tomorrow Daily CNET Podcasts How To Appliances Computers Gaming Home Entertainment Internet Mobile Apps Phones Photography Security Smart Home Tablets Wearable Tech Forums Speed Test Smart Home CNET Smart Home CNET Smart Apartment Smart Home News Smart Home How To Best Smart Home Devices Cars Car Reviews Best Cars New Cars Used Cars Deals Cheapskate Best Tech Under $50 All Deals Tech Deals Non-Tech Deals Audio Deals Cell Phone Deals Desktop Deals Laptop Deals Hard Drive & Storage Deals Printer Deals Tablet Deals Camera Deals Monitor Deals Software Deals TV Deals Web Hosting VPN Services WordPress Hosting Domain Names Download Join CNET Member Benefits Sign In to CNET My Profile Forums Sign Out Australia China France Germany Japan Korea United Kingdom US Editions English Español CNET Photography ​Google AI expands your photos to shrink your mobile data usage ​Google AI expands your photos to shrink your mobile data usage The internet giant develops a machine learning method to improve image details and cut Google+ network burden by a third. Photography by Stephen Shankland January 12, 2017 7:00 PM PST @stshank Up Next Nintendo's Fils-Aime: The Switch won't oust the 3DS Enlarge Image Google's RAISR uses a multistep process to intelligently guess how to expand images without just producing a blurry larger version.Photo by Google It's fun to mock image-processing impossibilities where "Blade Runner" or CSI investigators zoom into photos to see far more detail than a photo could possibly have recorded. But guess what? Not only does Google have technology that can do something like that kind of photo enhancement, it's also using it to keep you from gobbling through your mobile phone data plan. It won't help law enforcement see the perp reflected in somebody's retina, but it will make Google+ pictures load faster and reduce network data usage by about a third. With phone data plans being so costly while our appetites for gigabytes are increasing, that's a welcome change. Google's technology is called RAISR, short for Rapid and Accurate Image Super Resolution. It's a clever use of artificial intelligence that predicts how a particular photo can be magnified based on the actual transformation of countless other photos. Enlarge Image RAISR can expand images without producing jagged, pixelated edges.Photo by Google With software like Photoshop, you shrink a photo so it has fewer pixels -- a process called downsampling that's useful for showing a big original photo on a small screen. But going the other direction -- upsampling -- just adds more pixels without actually improving the photo. You just can't make up information that wasn't originally there. Google took a different approach than software that just processes a single photo, though. Specifically, it compared pairs of high-resolution real-world photos with their downsampled low-resolution equivalents. With 10,000 such pairs, its AI software gets a pretty good idea of how a particular detail in the low-resolution image corresponds to what was in the higher-resolution original. Conventional upsampling techniques apply the same mathematical change to the entire image, but Google's approach uses a different magnification approach for each little patch of the photo. And now it's using the RAISR approach in its Google+ app for some Android phones. Instead of retrieving high-resolution originals over the network, it fetches a version one quarter the size, then expands it with RAISR on the phone to offer more detail. Overall, using RAISR cuts the app's data usage by about a third, Google product manager John Nack said in a blog post Wednesday. Google is transforming its photo library at the rate of a billion images per week so they can be used with RAISR. Enlarge Image RAISR also can reduce "aliasing" artifacts like those that keep the lines on the left from being smooth.Photo by Google "In the coming weeks we plan to roll this technology out more broadly," Nack said, but it's not clear where exactly. Offer it to more Google+ users, but the software also could trim data usage for YouTube video thumbnails, Google search results, Google Play Store graphics and other Google properties. Google detailed RAISR technology in a research paper in 2016. And though it's not the only organization working on smarter upsampling technology, RAISR is 10 to 100 times faster than alternatives, "allowing it to be run on a typical mobile device in real-time," RAISR researcher Peyman Milanfar said in a blog post about the technology. Batteries Not Included: The CNET team shares experiences that remind us why tech stuff is cool. Take a look here. CNET Magazine: Check out a sampling of the stories you'll find in CNET's newsstand edition, right here. Share your voice 0 comments Tags Photography Internet Services Google CNET Review Google+ (Android) Google+ for Android is still a visual stunner. Someone tell Facebook that this how a mobile social-networking app should look and function. See it Related Stories How to post 360-degree photos to Facebook From Yaks to MiGs: The fascinating Belgrade Aviation Museum How to photograph cars like a pro 148 floors in the sky: The view from the Burj Khalifa Close   Discuss: ​Google AI expands your photos to shrink... Conversation powered by Livefyre Up Next: Nintendo's Fils-Aime: The Switch won't oust the 3DS CES and Detroit: Drink car tech from the firehose. (CNET on Cars, Ep. 103) Want to see the future of car technology? Cooley found it for you in Las Vegas and Detroit. by Brian Cooley 18:35 Nintendo Switch debuts with tons of info This week's biggest tech stories include a blowout of new information on Nintendo's next console, the tablet-hybrid Switch. by Jeff Bakalar Close Drag CNET © CBS Interactive Inc.  /  All Rights Reserved. About CNET Privacy Policy Ad Choice Terms of Use Mobile User Agreement Help Center
Never miss a great news story! Get instant notifications from Economic Times AllowNot now You can switch off notifications anytime using browser settings. SECTIONS ET APPS ET Android AppET iPhone AppET iPad AppET Wealth Android AppET Blackberry AppET Nokia AppET Markets Android AppET Markets iPhone AppET Money Android App ENGLISH हिन्दीગુજરાતી SIGN-IN FOLLOW US FACEBOOKTWITTERYOUTUBELINKEDINGOOGLE PLUSRSS Technology LATEST NEWS No PMO sanction for using PM Modi picture in khadi calender Think young, take risks: PM Modi's message to senior bureaucrats Rise in take-home pay and lower corporate tax rate to cheer companies on cards Home MarketsNewsIndustrySmall BizPoliticsWealthMFTech JobsOpinionBlogsNRIMagazinesSlideshowsET NOWET SpeedET Portfolio Small Biz Startups Entrepreneurship SME Sector Policy & Trends Marketing-Branding BrandingMarketing Legal Money SME Listings More HR-LeadershipLeadershipPeopleSecurity-TechTechnologySecuritySmall Biz (USA)E-LearningBusinessData SciencesPersonal Development TechnologySecurity ET Home›Small Biz›Security-Tech›Technology 04:05 PM | 13 Janmarket stats SENSEX 27,238-9.10 NIFTY 50 8,400-6.85 GOLD (MCX) (Rs/10g.) 28,381-12.0 USD/INR 68.150.07 Portfolio Loading... Select Portfolio and Asset Combination for Display on Market Band Select Portfolio Select Asset Class Stocks MF ETF Show More CREATE PORTFOLIO ADD INVESTMENT Download ET MARKETS APP Get ET Markets in your own language DOWNLOAD THE APP NOW +91 CHOOSE LANGUAGE ENG ENG - English HIN - हिन्दी GUJ - ગુજરાતી MAR - मराठी BEN - বাংলা KAN - ಕನ್ನಡ ORI - ଓଡିଆ TEL - తెలుగు TAM - தமிழ் Drag according to your convenience ET NOW RADIO ET NOW TIMES NOW Mishaps: A grief history of driverless car crashes By Nilesh Christopher, ET Bureau | Updated: Jan 13, 2017, 07.08 PM IST Post a Comment READ MORE ON » Volvo | Uber | Tesla | nuTonomy | Lexus | Google | Elon Musk NuTonomy beat the likes of Google and Uber to launch the world’s first self-driving taxi service. But the taxi company had suspended trials for little over a month last October, after one of its self-driving cars hit a lorry at the one-north business park in Queenstown. Recently a video emerged on the internet showing Tesla's autopilot function predicting a car accident before anyone could see it coming. The footage attracted more than 1 million views after Elon Musk tweeted it. But, not everything is hunky-dory for autopilot systems. Everyone from Tesla and Volvo to Google car and Uber have rolled out automated-driving that have been involved in accidents. ET's Nilesh Christopher takes a look at some self-driving car mishaps... Tesla When the magic wears off Joshua Brown, 40, was killed driving a Tesla Model S on June 30, 2016 when the self-driving car rammed into a 18-wheel truck in Florida. The car, which used a computer vision-based vehicle detection, crashed into the truck trying to drive full speed under the trailer. Brown was reportedly watching a Harry Potter movie at the time of the collision. Google's searching for an answer On February 14, 2016 an autonomously driven Google Lexus pulled to the right preparing for a turn and collided with the side of a bus in Mountain View, California. The crash tore off the car’s radar and flattened its tyre. While the Google employee sitting inside the car emerged unharmed, the vehicle had to be towed away by the police. Google has admitted that its self-driving cars had been involved in 11 minor traffic accidents since it began experimenting with the technology. Uber gets a ticket In December 2016, Uber's computer-controlled car was caught on video running a red light, four seconds after the light turned red. Uber said that the violation was a human error since a person was required to sit behind the wheel. The company suspended the driver after California regulators ordered a rollback of Uber’s self-driving cars citing pedestrian safety. Pedestrians pay for Volvo's ride Last May, while trying to demonstrate Volvo's pedestrian detection and auto-braking feature, the car automatically accelerated towards a group of people knocking them off their feet. Volvo said that accident occurred because of the owner’s neglect to pay for the pedestrian detection functionality that costs extra money. NuTonomy's autonomous glitches Singapore-based startup NuTonomy beat the likes of Google and Uber to launch the world’s first self-driving taxi service. But the taxi company had suspended trials for little over a month last October, after one of its self-driving cars hit a lorry at the one-north business park in Queenstown. The right bumper of the car was damaged, and it left a dent on the side of the lorry. The two engineers on board were unharmed. NuTonomy claimed that the accident occurred due to 'software anomalies', and resumed service after fixing the software glitches. AeroMobil missed the flight Slovakian startup AeroMobil created a 'flying car', which operates both as a sports car and an airplane. On May 11, 2015, the self flying car crashed during its test flight with the investor onboard. Stefan Klein, co-founder and pilot, sustained minor injuries. Since then AeroMobil has conducted several successful test flights and the company plans to take pre-orders for the car from 2017. Stay on top of business news with The Economic Times App. Download it Now! READ MORE ON » Volvo | Uber | Tesla | nuTonomy | Lexus | Google | Elon Musk To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network or Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter Have something to say? Post your comment To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter Most Read Most Shared Most Commented Vibrant Gujarat Global Summit: This Gujarati teen signs Rs 5-crore MoU for drones How startups are using tech to simplify equity investing for newbies Startups are getting into the business of death Why startups fail and how to build better ones CES 2017: Dreams of the drone industry have crashed into reality More » Get a Quote Browse CompaniesABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ|123456789 Browse Mutual FundsABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ The Economic Times Live Market News Portfolio Mobile Live TV Newsletter Commodities Speed QnA Blogs Alerts RSS Other Times Group news sitesTimes of India|इकनॉमिक टाइम्स ઈકોનોમિક ટાઈમ્સ|Mumbai Mirror Times Now|Indiatimes नवभारत टाइम्स|महाराष्ट्र टाइम्स ವಿಜಯ ಕರ್ನಾಟಕ|Lifehacker Gizmodo|Eisamay|IGN India NavGujarat Samay Living and entertainmentTimescity|iDiva|Zoom| Luxpresso|Gaana|Happytrips| Cricbuzz|Get Smartapp Networkingitimes|MensXP.com Hot on the WebIncome Tax Slabs|Budget 2017 Sensex, Nifty Live|Income Tax Calculation UP & Punjab Assembly Elections 2017|Demonetisation Gold Rate Servicesads2book|Gadgetsnow|Free Business Listings Simplymarry|Astrospeak|Timesjobs|Magicbricks|Zigwheels|Timesdeal| dineout|Filmipop|Remit2india|Gaana|Greetzap|Techradar|Alivear| Google Play | Manage Notifications About us/Advertise with us/Terms of Use & Grievance Redressal/Privacy Policy/Feedback/Sitemap/Code of Ethics//Disclaimer Copyright © 2016 Bennett, Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. BACK TO TOP Digg Google Bookmarks StumbleUpon Reddit Newsvine Live Bookmarks Technorati Yahoo Bookmarks Blogmarks Del.icio.us ApnaCircle Mail This Article My Saved ArticlesSign inSign up Find this comment offensive? Choose your reason below and click on the Report button. This will alert our moderators to take actionName Reason for reporting:Foul languageSlanderousInciting hatred against a certain communityOthers Your Reason has been Reported to the admin.
Topics Retail Content Marketing Data/Analytics Customer Experience Digital Direct Mail/Postal Email Mobile Omnichannel/Multichannel Social Media B2B Marketing Podcasts Resources Essential Guides eBooks Datamine: Latest Lists Whitepapers Jobs Directory Events Caples Awards DMN Awards DMN Connect Marketing Hall of Femme DMN 40 Under 40 Awards Webcasts DMN Facebook DMN Twitter DMN LinkedIn DMN Google Plus DMN Pinterest Archive Subscribe Log in | Register DMN > Topics > Topics > Data/Analytics > Google Warns Advertisers of Changes to Phone Numbers in Ads Alexander Neely, Reporter January 09, 2017 Google Warns Advertisers of Changes to Phone Numbers in Ads Share this content: facebook twitter linkedin google Email Print News forces advertisers to consider AdWords ability to match certain needs Telephone by ElasticComputeFarm Google delivered an email to some AdWords advertisers late last week, informing them of upcoming changes to the phone numbers that appear in ads. The changes, which are scheduled to begin January 19, will affect campaigns that use both call extensions and local extensions, by no longer giving marketers the opportunity to differentiate calls driven from AdWords location-based business ads, and calls driven from other sources to their main line. While the change will allow Google to test different methods of collection; it will present marketers with a heavy reliance on Google's analytics, as well as, a lack of call conversion tracking at the individual location level. The process of assigning unique phone numbers to digital ads with the aid of third-party providers is essential for marketers attempting to track the efficiency of their digital campaigns. However, this change, will force marketers to rely solely on the analytics produced by Google. Google has expanded exposure for ads that include location extensions over the past year, including showing ads in Maps and in Local Finder results. As of January 19 though, Google said it “may” show the local retail phone number when that store's location extension shows in an ad even if a call extension in the campaign uses a different phone number in order to increase the relevance of ads that feature specific business locations. There is a form that advertisers can submit before the change to opt out of having local numbers show in location extensions, but Google warned advertisers in the email, it could negatively impact ad impressions (and, in turn, calls). This email, especially since it combines an opt-out option with a warning about using it, will force advertisers to consider AdWords ability to match certain needs. Loading links.... Related Articles Google AdWords Helps HomeAdvisor Build a New Brand YouTube rolls out Google AdWords for video How to plan a paid search call extension strategy Related Topics Analytics Data & Analytics Data & Analytics Next Article in Data/Analytics Knotch's Gansca Extols the Value of First-Party Data Sign up to our newsletters Best of... Weekly Daily Insider Events Weekly Hot List of the Day Sponsored Promotion Whitepaper of the Day DMNTech Roundup DMNTech Sponsored Promotion United States United Kingdom Canada Afghanistan Albania Algeria American Samoa Andorra Angola Anguilla Antarctica Antigua and Barbuda Argentina Armenia Aruba Australia Austria Azerbaijan Bahamas Bahrain Bangladesh Barbados Belarus Belgium Belize Benin Bermuda Bhutan Bolivia Bosnia and Herzegovina Botswana Bouvet Island Brazil British Indian Ocean Territory Brunei Darussalam Bulgaria Burkina Faso Burundi Cambodia Cameroon Cape Verde Cayman Islands Central African Republic Chad Chile China Christmas Island Cocos (Keeling) Islands Colombia Comoros Congo Congo (DRC) Cook Islands Costa Rica Côte D'Ivoire Croatia Cuba Cyprus Czech Republic Denmark Djibouti Dominica Dominican Republic Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Estonia Ethiopia Falkland Islands (Malvinas) Faroe Islands Fiji Islands Finland France French Guiana French Polynesia French Southern Territories Gabon Gambia Georgia Germany Ghana Gibraltar Greece Greenland Grenada Guadeloupe Guam Guatemala Guinea Guinea-Bissau Guyana Haiti Heard Island and Mcdonald Islands Honduras Hong Kong Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Iran Iraq Ireland Israel Italy Jamaica Japan Jordan Kazakhstan Kenya Kiribati Korea Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Laos Latvia Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Libya Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Macao Macedonia Madagascar Malawi Malaysia Maldives Mali Malta Marshall Islands Martinique Mauritania Mauritius Mayotte Mexico Micronesia Moldova Monaco Mongolia Montenegro Montserrat Morocco Mozambique Myanmar Namibia Nauru Nepal Netherlands Netherlands Antilles New Caledonia New Zealand Nicaragua Niger Nigeria Niue Norfolk Island North Korea Northern Mariana Islands Norway Oman Pakistan Palau Panama Papua New Guinea Paraguay Peru Philippines Pitcairn Poland Portugal Puerto Rico Qatar Reunion Romania Russia Rwanda Saint Helena Saint Kitts and Nevis Saint Lucia Saint Martin Saint Pierre and Miquelon Saint Vincent and The Grenadines San Marino Sao Tome & Principe Saudi Arabia Senegal Serbia-Montenegro Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Slovakia Slovenia Solomon Islands Somalia South Africa Spain Sri Lanka Sudan Suriname Svalbard and Jan Mayen Swaziland Sweden Switzerland Syria Taiwan Tajikistan Tanzania Thailand Timor-Leste Togo Tokelau Tonga Trinidad and Tobago Tunisia Turkey Turkmenistan Turks and Caicos Islands Tuvalu Uganda Ukraine United Arab Emirates Uruguay Uzbekistan Vanuatu Vatican City Venezuela Vietnam Virgin Islands Virgin Islands, British Wallis and Futuna Western Samoa Yemen Yugoslavia Zambia Zimbabwe Company of the Week We recently were named B2B Magazine's Direct Marketing Agency of the Year, and with good reason: We make real, measureable, positive change happen for our clients. A full-service agency founded in 1974, Bader Rutter expertly helps you get the right message to the right audience at the right time through the right channels. As we engage our clients' audiences along their journey, direct marketing (email, direct mail, phone, SMS) and behavioral marketing (SEM, retargeting, contextual) channels deliver information relevant to the needs of each stage. We are experts at implementing and leveraging marketing technologies such as CRM and marketing automation in order to synchronize sales and marketing communications. Our team of architects and activators plan, execute, measure and adjust in real time to ensure the strategy is working as needed and change things if it's not. Find out more here » DMN's Career Center Check out hundreds of exciting professional opportunities available on DMN's Career Center.   Explore careers in digital marketing, sales, eCommerce, marketing communications, IT, data strategies, and much more. And don't forget to update your resume so employers can contact you privately about job opportunities. >>Click Here More in Data/Analytics Courchevel Ski Resort Embraces Social to Connect How Courchevel Tourisme partnered with Digital Social Retail to create the smartest ski city One on One: Kevin Tan Talks Depth of ... Eyeota offers brands access to audience data from a pool of three billion unique profiles One on One: Dave Myers on Dealing With ... How mParticle helps mobile-first businesses manage and leverage their data Back to Top Insight on profitable data-driven marketing strategies. Connect with us: Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Newsletters RSS Feeds Coverage Features Topics DMNotes Case Studies Resources Advertise Social Events Directory Supplements Lists Editorial Calendar User Center Subscribe Jobs About us Ad Choices Copyright © 2016 Haymarket Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed in any form without prior authorization. Your use of this website constitutes acceptance of Haymarket Media's Privacy Policy and Terms & Conditions. Powered by the Parse.ly Publisher Platform (P3).
NEWS l l CHANNELS GamesBeat AR/VR Big Data Bots Business Cloud Dev Enterprise Entrepreneur Esports Marketing Media Mobile PC Gaming Security Social Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Multimedia Advertise EVENTS l l VB EVENTS Upcoming Events GET INVOLVED Sponsor Speaker Media Partner Volunteer Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Multimedia Advertise RESEARCH l l CATEGORIES Marketing Tech Mobile Gaming Miscellaneous LEARN MORE VB Top Ten Subscription Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Multimedia Advertise Go! ‹ NEWS › CHANNELS GamesBeat Entrepreneur AR/VR Esports Big Data Marketing Bots Media Business Mobile Cloud PC Gaming Dev Security Enterprise Social ‹ EVENTS › VB EVENTS Upcoming Events GET INVOLVED Sponsor Media Partner Speaker Volunteer ‹ RESEARCH › CATEGORIES Marketing Tech Gaming Mobile Miscellaneous LEARN MORE VB Top Ten Subscription ‹ VENTUREBEAT › About Advertise Careers Contact Multimedia Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Follow us on social: BOTS Betaworks launches Voicecamp startup accelerator around AI assistants and Alexa skills Khari Johnson@kharijohnson January 12, 2017 6:46 PM Tags: Alexa, artificial intelligence, bots, chatbots, Cortana, Google Assistant, Siri, top-stories, virtual assistant, Voicecamp Above: Amazon Echo Image Credit: Amazon Early-stage startup investor Betaworks announced today that it plans to launch a startup accelerator this spring for the makers of artificial intelligence-powered virtual assistants like Alexa, Google Assistant, and Cortana. Early-stage companies working on a prototype or beta version of an Alexa skill or Google Assistant action are invited to apply. Betaworks was an investor in companies like Giphy, Venmo, Kickstarter, and bot startup Howdy. With partners like General Electric and Google, Voicecamp will begin in April and take place in the Betaworks office in New York City. Launch Capital and Betaworks will invest $125,000 in each startup in exchange for eight percent of company stock. “Voice and audio-based computing represent the evolution of conversational interfaces into more natural and frictionless end-user experiences,” said Betaworks VP Patrick Montague in a Medium post today. “As computers become more seamlessly embedded into our daily lives, in connected homes, in automobiles, and in various wearable and augmenting devices, voice-based interfaces will become a staple of human-computer interaction.” Virtual assistants are growing in popularity and continue to proliferate to products beyond smart speakers like Amazon Echo and Google Home. At the Consumer Electronic Show last week, Alexa integrations were announced for Whirlpool washing machines, NVIDIA smart home products, and Ford cars. Software development kits for Google Assistant and Cortana are expected in early 2017. After Voicecamp, Betaworks will launch a startup accelerator for augmented or mixed reality companies later this year. Betaworks launched Botcamp, its first startup accelerator for early-stage chatbot companies, last summer. According to information provided to VentureBeat by Betaworks, nearly 350 applications were submitted for Botcamp, and roughly one-third of applicants were interested in enterprise, bot creation platforms, or making personal assistants. Companies chosen for Botcamp include CareerLark, which makes a Slack bot to help people meet career goals, and Hugging Face, whose bot is meant to have conversations with you. You can see video of pitches from each of the eight Botcamp companies on YouTube. ABOUT CONTACT CAREERS ADVERTISE Terms of Service Privacy Policy © 2017 VentureBeat. All rights reserved.
TechRadar The source for Tech Buying Advice Search RSS Reviews How To Phones TVs Laptops Deals Photography More Car Tech Wearables Tablets Components Audiovisual Gaming Computing Downloads News Pro Trending Buying Guides Nintendo Switch iPhone 8 Samsung Galaxy S8 MacBook Pro MWC 2017 iOS 10.2 News You can now request an Uber without ever leaving Google Maps You can now request an Uber without ever leaving Google Maps By Michelle Fitzsimmons Mobile phones   How convenient Shares In another sign various services are becoming ever more integrated, Google Maps now lets you request an Uber without ever leaving the app. Say you're wandering around an unfamiliar city with Google Maps as your guide, and you need to order an Uber to get to your next destination. If you're logged into your Uber account, you can simply request a ride, track your driver and connect with them from the app.  Google Maps previously let you begin the process of requesting an Uber, but you had to finish the transaction over in the ride sharing service's app. Now, you can stay within Maps from the moment the request is sent to payment. The navigation service also lets you check out information while you're en route to your destination, including hours, menus and other useful details. To take advantage of Uber's integration, you'll need the latest version of the Google Maps app for iOS or Android.  The search giant also announced a new ride services mode UI for Maps, one that keeps the maps view while also showing you a carousel of lift providers in the area. Clicking on a service will pull up ride options as well as any special offers or promotions.  These aren't earth-shattering Google Maps breakthroughs, but deeper integration with ride sharing platforms means more convenience for users, and could be a sign of even more services to come. Plus, with Google putting its own self-driving car ambitions into overdrive, it's not a stretch to imagine a future where one day you hail your very own autonomous taxi using Maps. Jaguar and GoPro team up to create the ultimate dashcam app Tags Android ABOUT THE AUTHOR Michelle Fitzsimmons Michelle is TechRadar's Senior News Editor and is based in the Bay Area. Covering all things tech, Michelle is obsessed with good handsets, smart machines and self-driving cars. With an eye on every corner of the industry, Michelle aims to bring you the most useful and entertaining bits about the tech you love. Got a tip? Drop her a line! Related news Fan of anime? Amazon Prime's latest perk is a dedicated video channel The best Macs to buy in 2017: Apple's top iMacs, MacBooks and more Nintendo Switch release date, news and features The best TVs of 2017: which TV should you buy? See more Mobile phones news Load Comments Tech deals, prizes and latest news Get the best tech deals, reviews, product advice, competitions, unmissable tech news and more! No spam, we promise. You can unsubscribe at any time and we'll never share your details without your permission. Most Popular Most Shared 1 Virgin Media Super Hub 3 review 2 Nintendo Switch review 3 Samsung Galaxy S8: release date and everything you should know 4 iPhone 8 release date, news and rumors 5 Best cheap phones 2017: our top budget mobiles 1 Are these videos a sneak preview of the Samsung Galaxy S8? 2 Nintendo Switch review 3 All the Nintendo Switch games coming at launch and beyond 4 MacBook Pro earns Consumer Reports recommendation after battery bug fix 5 Your Apple Watch becomes a mini Macintosh with this charging stand TechRadar is part of Future plc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. Visit our corporate site. Terms and conditions Privacy policy Cookies policy Advertise with us © Future Publishing Limited Quay House, The Ambury, Bath BA1 1UA. All rights reserved. England and Wales company registration number 2008885.
Mashable We're using cookies to improve your experience. Click Here to find out more. Mashable Mashable Asia Mashable Australia Mashable France Mashable India Mashable UK Sign in Like Follow Follow Mashable see more  > Search Videos Social Media Tech Business Entertainment World Lifestyle Watercooler Shop More Channels Videos Social Media Tech Business Entertainment World Lifestyle Watercooler Shop Company About Us Licensing & Reprints Archive Mashable Careers Contact Contact Us Submit News Advertise Advertise Legal Privacy Policy Terms of Use Cookie Policy Apps iPhone / iPad Android Resources Subscriptions Sites Mashable Shop Job Board Social Good Summit Business Like Follow Follow Google has removed the term 'fake news' from its advertiser rules 689 Shares Share Tweet Share What's This? Image: Associated press/David Goldman, File By Patrick Kulp2017-01-13 02:02:47 UTC Google no longer uses the term "fake news" in its advertising policy. The company has quietly erased the only explicit mention of the phrase from the rules for its AdSense platform. This comes just months after it announced that it would no longer serve ads to sites that traffic in misinformation. SEE ALSO: Indonesia sets up agency to combat fake news The language was removed from a section of the "prohibited content" guide in which the company gives examples of potential rule violations. A now-deleted sentence had described "deceptively presenting fake news articles as real" as one possible scenario.     The change was first spotted by progressive watchdog group Media Matters, which recently confronted the search giant with a list of 20 supposed fake news sites that still display ads from Google's network as of this month.   An archived cache of Google's policy from late December contains the phrase "fake news." Image: screenshot The sentence regarding "fake news" has since been omitted from the current version. Image: screenshot It's possible that Google decided the term "fake news" was too ambiguous. A Google spokesperson said the language adjustment doesn't reflect any change in its actual policy.  "We have not changed our misrepresentative content policy in any way," a spokesperson said in an emailed statement.  "The policy language remains the same and we are continuing to enforce it vigilantly, just as when we launched it a few months ago. We've removed a large number of misleading and deceptive sites from our network as a result." As for the group's list of alleged violators, the company said it wouldn't comment on individual cases. Google first announced the ban just after the presidential election as it and other online platforms came under increased scrutiny for the role they played in spreading false political stories.  But some have begun question whether the term "fake news" itself still holds any real meaning now that it's increasingly being co-opted to describe any article with which one disagrees. BONUS: Google threw some not-so-subtle shade at Apple       Topics: Advertising, Business, fake news, Google, Media About Us Jobs Advertise Subscribe Privacy Terms Mashable is a global, multi-platform media and entertainment company. Powered by its own proprietary technology, Mashable is the go-to source for tech, digital culture and entertainment content for its dedicated and influential audience around the globe. ©2005-2017 Mashable, Inc. Reproduction without explicit permission is prohibited. All Rights Reserved. Designed in collaboration with Code & Theory
Contact Newsagent Login Scoop Search MARKETS Sharemarket Finance Company Results Real Estate SOEs ECONOMY Economy Reserve Bank Confidence Commerce Industrial Relations Employers Employment Statistics Taxation Trade Agreements Treasury INDUSTRY Agriculture Horticulture Fisheries Forestry Manufacturing Telecommunications Computing & Internet Media Retail Liquor Transport Tourism ENERGY Oil Coal Alternative Energy Electricity Gas Energy Policy Scoop Homepage | BizSciTech Homepage | Business Headlines | Business Most Read | Sci-Tech Headlines | Sci-Tech Most Read Powered by scoop.co.nz Tweet Skydive over Abel Tasman National Park with Google 13:58 January 13, 2017PressRelease 0 comments Press Release – Tourism New Zealand Google Street View has gone sky high with an innovative new use of technology to demonstrate the skydive experience.Experience a skydive over Abel Tasman National Park with Google 12 January 2017 Google Street View has gone sky high with an innovative new use of technology to demonstrate the skydive experience. Google Street View has gone sky high over New Zealand with an innovative new use of technology to demonstrate the skydive experience. New Zealand’s Skydive Abel Tasman is giving clients an insider’s glimpse of the complete skydive experience – from front door to happy landings – via the first-ever skydive Google Street View experience. One of New Zealand’s original skydive operators, Skydive Abel Tasman was approached by a certified Google Street View photographer with the idea of filming the experience, and they jumped at the chance.  Operating in the skies over one of the South Island’s outstanding coastal locations – the Abel Tasman National Park, the Nelson-based business could see that, short of the real thing, this would be perfect for showcasing the entire skydive experience.  The street view experience offers a virtual tour of the business, following the passenger journey up to 16,500 feet in the sky and the entire freefall at 200km/h over Abel Tasman National Park.  Custom attachment points and rigging for a 360 GoPro Pano Ball was built to maximize the experience while keeping safety at the forefront of the project. Shot over the course of the final few days of December 2016, brilliant summer weather – in the country’s sunniest region – made sure the region looked its best.  The process involved 360 panorama photography of the business from the front desk to suiting up appropriately and the walk to the plane. The last part of the virtual experience is the beautiful scenic flight up to 16,500 feet over the Abel Tasman National Park. The Google Street View jump experience incorporates ‘floors’ at different altitudes to take in the surrounding mountains, national park, golden sand beaches and the turquoise ocean. Nelson’s location on the northwestern tip of the South Island offers incredible views of volcanic Mt Taranaki on the western extremity of the North Island all the way south to the northern end of the Southern Alps and the Marlborough Sounds to the east. It’s the only skydive drop zone in New Zealand with views over both islands as well as mountains and the ocean at the same time. An interactive 360-degree video is also available, allowing users via phone, desktop or Google Cardboard to experience free fall at 200km/h over what many people consider one of the most beautiful places on earth.  Content Sourced from scoop.co.nz Original url Trackback-URL  Print This Post comments feed for this post Tweet   No comments yet. Write a comment: You must be logged in to post a comment.   Blogroll China Economic Scan Compare house prices Deposit Rates Direct Broking – NZX & ASX Trading & Prices Findata – Market Data Good Returns Herald Business Interest.co.nz – Interest Rates News & Views National Business Review Property Talk Sharechat Stuff Business Value Cruncher – NZX Latest Business news New year, new chance to turn the inequality tide Inequality has Kiwi families living in garages McCaw wedding coverage touted with hefty copyright warning First post-earthquake train runs from Blenheim Emirates to Add Croatia to Europe Network Fulton Hogan appoints Group CEO Back to school burden Bapcor lifts interest in Hellaby to 56% NZ dollar gains vs pound Bala Tkkisetty’s column for January 2017 Mediaworks Weekly Highlight Report World Week Ahead: Focus on Yellen, Trump Karaka to Showcase the Cream of the Australasian Sire Crop Britomart Station entrances changing Vegetable prices fall for fourth consecutive month Text Links Recent Comments Lan: Unbelievable that a WEST AUSTR... jackp: Murray, when Key is involved t... Murray Guy: There are no boundaries when i... Lan: Canada & EU do it..Bryce ... Lan: I read somewhere that they do ... Simon Johnson: The former Department of Labou... Andrew P Nichols: Long overdue. Nowhere else in ... Rafi: I look forward to Mr Lees-Gall... Kevin McMahon: Yes, good on Lord Monckton. ... Bee: How do you think Kim Jon Key m... Categories Article Column Opinion PressRelease Uncategorized Monthly Archives January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 March 2009 February 2009 January 2009 December 2008 November 2008 October 2008 September 2008 August 2008 November 1999 Feeds RSS Posts RSS Comments Scoop Business © 2017 | Powered by Scoop Media | Terms of Use
Search About Us Mere Log Phase I Phase II Phase III Phase IV Phase V Phase VI Phase VII Write for us Contact Us Newsletter Subscription Letter to Editor Career Opportunities Team PKKH Archive Facebook Twitter RSS Navigate Home News National World View Region Kashmir Business Sports Science & tech Health Achivements Editorial Blogs Articles Exclusive International Pakistan Multimedia Gallery Videos Heroes Our Heroes Need Their Identity Back Real Life Heroes Scientists of Pakistan Heroes from other fields of life اردو پی کے کے ایچ اردو اردو بلاگ Travelogue HomeNewsBusiness Ishaq Dar, Google director discuss collaboration for economic digitalisation 0 By Web Desk on January 13, 2017 Business News Finance Minister Senator Ishaq Dar and Google Director Ann Lavin on Wednesday discussed possibilities of collaboration in digitalisation of economic activities in Pakistan. Google Director for Public Policy and Government Relations, Southeast Asia and Greater China, Ann Lavin, who called on the minister here, acknowledged the economic progress of Pakistan in the last three years. She said her company could play a role in IT development, promotion of e-commerce and assist in attracting investment in Pakistan. The finance minister asked the Google’s Director to submit a complete plan so it could be considered by the relevant stakeholders. He said the government was committed to provide a level playing field to all the prospective local and foreign investors. The minister said Pakistan had been projected by renowned international institutions as the second choicest place for investment in the world. He said the turnaround of Pakistan’s economy, macroeconomic stability, improvement of energy and security situation in the country had provided a conducive atmosphere for enhanced commercial activities and foreign direct investments. He said a number of new entrants had shown keen interest to invest in Pakistan’s IT sector as well. The meeting was also attended by the senior officials of the Finance Division and Google.  Source : APP Tags: Google | google director | Google IT | Ishaq Dar Web Desk Website Previous ArticleIndian soldier kills four senior officers over ‘leave row’ Next Article Once again, this Italian artist pays an ode to Pakistan’s wildlife Related Stories PIA launches Sky Show, a new inflight entertainment system WhatsApp vulnerable to snooping: report Over 100 endangered green turtles appear on Karachi coast Leave A Reply Cancel Reply Your Name (required) Your Email (required) Your Website (optional) Connect with Us 2863followers 42343likes 43followers You Might Also Like Infrastructure projects aim at building pro-business environment: Dar ISLAMABAD: Finance Minister Senator Muhammad Ishaq Dar Wednesday said the government was laying foundations of ...read more Dar declared Finance Minister of the year for South Asia ISLAMABAD: Emerging Markets, the newspaper of record for world’s development bank meetings, has declared Minister ...read more Recent Posts 0 January 14, 2017 PIA launches Sky Show, a new inflight entertainment system 0 January 14, 2017 WhatsApp vulnerable to snooping: report 0 January 14, 2017 Over 100 endangered green turtles appear on Karachi coast Popular Post August 18, 2013 Pakistan Cruise Missiles Vs India Ballistic Missile Defense July 15, 2014 Ajit Doval: The Indian who wants to ‘destroy’ Pakistan? February 5, 2014 How to End Insurgency in Kashmir December 15, 2013 ‘Gulf News’ Disgusting Attack on Pakistan Has No Place in Dubai’s 2020 Expo August 1, 2013 Syrian Civil War; Where Do We Stand? PKKH | Pakistan Ka Khuda Hafiz PKKH is Pakistan’s leading alternative policy institute and online news service – working towards creating awareness and highlighting the various global and regional security threats Pakistan faces. PKKH works with analysts, journalists and media personalities in Pakistan to encourage dialogue and action on policy matters as well as creating awareness within the populace about key security and defense issues, using mass media presence, talk shows, advertising, public events and road shows. RECENT POST January 14, 2017 PIA launches Sky Show, a new inflight entertainment system January 14, 2017 WhatsApp vulnerable to snooping: report January 14, 2017 Over 100 endangered green turtles appear on Karachi coast Subscribe to Newsletter Copyright © 2015 PakistankaKhudahafiz. All rights reserved. Facebook Twitter RSS
About Contact Archives Tip Us Off Subscribe Tip Us Off Subscribe f t g About Contact Archives 9552 Breaking News Stories 179k+ Social Media Followers 19.9k+ RSS Subscribers Breaking More Pirated Movie Screeners Leak Online On: 15/01/2017 Comments: 0 Google Removes MEGA Frontpage From Search Results By Ernesto on January 12, 2017 C: 0 Breaking Google has removed the homepage of the popular cloud storage service Mega from its search index. The surprise move, which is the result of an inaccurate DMCA takedown notice from a movie company, directly impacts the site's incoming search traffic. Removing search results is nothing new for Google. The company has been cleaning up its search index for years, in response to complaints from copyright holders. Every week the search engine processes millions of requests. In most cases these claims are legitimate, but every now and then webpages are targeted mistakenly. This also happened to Mega, the cloud storage site originally founded by Kim Dotcom. For the past few days the site has become unfindable in Google as its homepage is no longer listed (see update below for new info). Instead, users get the following results, listing various Mega-related pages including the site’s Wikipedia entry. In addition, they see a mention at the bottom of the page explaining that one result was removed in response to a DMCA request. That happens to be the Mega URL they were looking for. No Mega The DMCA notice in question was sent on behalf of Metropolitan and claims that the Mega.nz homepage linked to an infringing copy of the movie John Wick. While there is no infringing material linked on that page, the link was removed from Google’s index. To make matters even worse, Mega chairman Stephen Hall says that this isn’t the first time that their homepage was removed. “This has occurred three times In recent months. Each time we file a counter-notice, which is then acknowledged by Google within 2-3 days and the search results are then reinstated 10-14 days after that,” Hall tells TF. “The notices were filed by agents who are well aware of the DMCA process but clearly aren’t verifying the links as their claimed content is certainly not available at mega.nz.” Needless to say, the decreased visibility in Google leads to a reduction in search traffic and arguably a dip in revenue as well. All based on one “simple” mistake. Mega.nz… While Google will likely correct the error (again) following a DMCA counter-notification, the incident emphasizes that false takedown requests can do serious harm. The search giant is generally quite good at spotting mistakes. At the moment, Google rejects roughly 10% of all takedown requests due to a variety of reasons, but it can’t catch them all. Google has previously noted that it’s keeping an eye on these kinds of mistakes as well as clear cases of abuse, but thus far there is no real incentive for copyright holders to be more vigilant in their takedown efforts. The U.S. Copyright Office is currently reviewing the effectiveness of the DMCA takedown process and some stakeholders have suggested punishments for clear abuse by rightholders. For now, however, there are no consequences. Update: The mega.nz URL was reinstated by Google on January 13. Tagged in: DMCA, google, Mega Newer Post Older Post Share this post: You may also like: Google Removed Over 900 Million ‘Pirate’ Links in 2016 Google Asked to Remove a Billion “Pirate” Search Results in a Year 4shared: Copyright Holders Abuse Google’s DMCA Takedown System c There are 0 comments. Add yours? comment policy Sponsors Popular Posts Top 10 Most Popular Torrent Sites of 2017 Which VPN Services Take Your Anonymity Seriously? 2016 Edition What Are The Best Anonymous VPN Services? 5 Ways To Download Torrents Anonymously Most Commented Posts ‘Game of Thrones’ Most Torrented TV-Show of 2016 0 ‘Deadpool’ is the Most Torrented Movie of 2016 0 Top 10 Most Popular Torrent Sites of 2017 0 Google Removed Over 900 Million ‘Pirate’ Links in 2016 0 New Tool Downloads Any Netflix Video Instantly 0 VPN Reviews Copyright CC and Privacy Designed by RyanDownie Built by Van Patten Media
CNET Reviews Best Products CNET 100 Appliances Audio Cameras Cars Desktops Drones Headphones Laptops Networking Phones Printers Smart Home Tablets TVs Virtual Reality Wearable Tech Web Hosting Forums News Apple Computers Crave Deals Google Internet Microsoft Mobile Photography Security Sci-Tech Tech Culture Tech Industry Photo Galleries Video Forums Video Apple Byte Carfection CNET Top 5 CNET Update Googlicious How To Netpicks Next Big Thing News On Cars Phones Prizefight Tablets Tomorrow Daily CNET Podcasts How To Appliances Computers Gaming Home Entertainment Internet Mobile Apps Phones Photography Security Smart Home Tablets Wearable Tech Forums Speed Test Smart Home CNET Smart Home CNET Smart Apartment Smart Home News Smart Home How To Best Smart Home Devices Cars Car Reviews Best Cars New Cars Used Cars Deals Cheapskate Best Tech Under $50 All Deals Tech Deals Non-Tech Deals Audio Deals Cell Phone Deals Desktop Deals Laptop Deals Hard Drive & Storage Deals Printer Deals Tablet Deals Camera Deals Monitor Deals Software Deals TV Deals Web Hosting VPN Services WordPress Hosting Domain Names Download Join CNET Member Benefits Sign In to CNET My Profile Forums Sign Out Australia China France Germany Japan Korea United Kingdom US Editions English Español CNET Mobile Phones 12 tips every Google Pixel owner should know Read editors' take See at Amazon.com Read editors' take See at Amazon.com Read editors' take See at Amazon.com Read editors' take See at Amazon.com Read editors' take See at Amazon.com Read editors' take See at Amazon.com Read editors' take See at Amazon.com Read editors' take See at Amazon.com Read editors' take See at Amazon.com Read editors' take See at Amazon.com Read editors' take See at Amazon.com Read editors' take See at Amazon.com Prev Next Next Prev Next 1 of 12 12 tips every Google Pixel owner should know Wakey-wakey The quickest way to unlock your Pixel is by using the fingerprint sensor on the back of the phone. You can register fingerprints with the phone in Settings > Security > Pixel Imprint. Then the next time you pick up your phone, or remove it from your pocket, place your finger on the sensor to wake and unlock the phone. Read editors' take Photo by: Jason Cipriani/CNET Amazon.com $79.97 See it Amazon Marketplace $68.76 See it Walmart $66.83 See it See all prices Pixel Moves In the Settings app is a section titled Moves. In Moves, you can turn the Pixel's fingerprint sensor into a trackpad when you swipe down across it to reveal your notification panel. Or enable tap to wake to view notifications, along with other gestures and shortcuts found on the device. Tap on the thumbnail next to each category to see an animated presentation of how the feature works. Read editors' take Photo by: Jason Cipriani/CNET Amazon.com $79.97 See it Amazon Marketplace $68.76 See it Walmart $66.83 See it See all prices Daydreamin' The Google Pixel doubles as a virtual reality computer and display all in one. The only thing you need to complete the system is a Daydream View headset. A controller comes with the headset, making it easy to interact with the VR Daydream world or play games. Read editors' take Photo by: Jason Cipriani/CNET Amazon.com $79.97 See it Amazon Marketplace $68.76 See it Walmart $66.83 See it See all prices Google Assistant With the Pixel, Google launched a new personal assistant it calls, Google Assistant. Think of it as Siri, but for Android. Long-press on the home button at the bottom of your screen to activate Assistant. Not only can you use it for queries, but Assistant will analyze content on your screen and provide relevant information. For example, if a friend sends you a text asking if you want to meet up at a new restaurant, Assistant can recognize the restaurants name then search Yelp, Google Maps and the web, providing links to speed up your research. Read editors' take Photo by: Jason Cipriani/CNET Amazon.com $79.97 See it Amazon Marketplace $68.76 See it Walmart $66.83 See it See all prices Swipe up! Google did away with a dedicated button to open the app drawer on the Pixel, giving users the option to place five apps in the bottom dock. To open the app drawer on the Pixel, swipe up on the display. Read editors' take Photo by: Jason Cipriani/CNET Amazon.com $79.97 See it Amazon Marketplace $68.76 See it Walmart $66.83 See it See all prices Save your data plan Data Saver is a new setting designed to block select apps from using data in the background. Open Settings > Data > Data Saver to enable the feature and select the apps you want to have unrestricted background access (Gmail, for example, is probably one such app). Read editors' take Photo by: Jason Cipriani/CNET Amazon.com $79.97 See it Amazon Marketplace $68.76 See it Walmart $66.83 See it See all prices Unlimited photo and video backup One of, if not the biggest benefit to using the Pixel is that Google gives you unlimited photo and video backup in the Photos app. At full resolution, too. Open the Photos app and follow the prompts to set up auto-backup, as well as tailor how often Photos will clear local storage on your phone. Read editors' take Photo by: Jason Cipriani/CNET Amazon.com $79.97 See it Amazon Marketplace $68.76 See it Walmart $66.83 See it See all prices Double-click The Pixel's camera will launch with a quick double-press of the power/lock button from any screen, regardless if the phone is locked or not. Read editors' take Photo by: Jason Cipriani/CNET Amazon.com $79.97 See it Amazon Marketplace $68.76 See it Walmart $66.83 See it See all prices Nighty night The Pixel has a Night Light mode that makes viewing the screen at night easier on your eyes. Enable Night Light by opening the Settings app then going to Display > Night Light. Using your location, the phone can automatically enable Night Light at sunset and disable it at sunrise. Alternatively, you can manually enable it in your Pixel's quick settings pane by tapping on the Night Light tile. Read editors' take Photo by: Jason Cipriani/CNET Amazon.com $79.97 See it Amazon Marketplace $68.76 See it Walmart $66.83 See it See all prices Google Feed A swipe right on your home screen will reveal your personalized Google Now feed, where you can view weather, calendar appointments, traffic alerts and tailored news articles. You can disable Google feed with a long-press on the home screen: select Settings, then slide Show Google app to the off position. Read editors' take Photo by: Jason Cipriani/CNET Amazon.com $79.97 See it Amazon Marketplace $68.76 See it Walmart $66.83 See it See all prices New wallpaper app If you so desire, you can set the Pixel to automatically switch your wallpaper every day using photos of your own, or one of the curated categories included on your device. Open Settings > Display > Wallpaper to set it up. Read editors' take Photo by: Jason Cipriani/CNET Amazon.com $79.97 See it Amazon Marketplace $68.76 See it Walmart $66.83 See it See all prices Safer Wi-Fi Connecting to public Wi-Fi is a convenient way to save on your data plan, but it's also inherently risky. To help protect you, Google's Wi-Fi Assistant feature will connect to known Wi-Fi networks through a VPN connection. In other words, your Pixel will secure the connection on your behalf, preventing others from snooping on you. Read editors' take Photo by: Jason Cipriani/CNET Amazon.com $79.97 See it Amazon Marketplace $68.76 See it Walmart $66.83 See it See all prices Related Product Adonit Pixel Related Product Google Pixel Phone VIDEO Do you have Google Home? If you don't like the stock appearance of Google Home, here are two quick and easy ways to make it truly yours. SHOW ME NOW Hot Products Amazon Echo Amazon Echo review: The connected home experience you didn't know you wanted $179.99 Apple iPhone 7 Apple iPhone 7 review: Everything you need in a phone, except the headphone jack $649.00 Samsung Galaxy S7 Samsung Galaxy S7 review: Nailed it $439.95
WSJ WSJ LIVE WSJ Live on Facebook WSJ Live on Twitter MARKETWATCH MarketWatch on Facebook MarketWatch on Twitter BARRON'S <h4>Barrons on Facebook</h4><div style="border: none; padding: 2px 3px;" class="fb-like" data-href="http://www.facebook.com/barronsonline" data-send="false" data-layout="button_count" data-width="250" data-show-faces="false" data-action="recommend"></div> <h4>Barrons on Twitter</h4><a href="https://twitter.com/barronsonline" class="twitter-follow-button" data-show-count="true">Follow @barronsonline</a> DJX Product X on Facebook Product X on Twitter RT F R&C PE&VC WSJ B MORE Mansion Global WSJ Secure BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Realtor.com Student Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classrooms WSJ Wine Search Asia Edition U.S. Edition   Subscribe Log In Home Magazine This Week's Edition Past Editions New: Cartoons Daily All Coverage Barron's Take Weekday Trader Up & Down Wall St. Daily Getting Technical Striking Price Daily Wall Street's Best Minds Read This, Spike That Stocks to Watch Today Asia Stocks to Watch Income Investing Tech Trader Daily Focus on Funds Emerging Markets Q&A Video Center Investing Ideas Overview Barron's Picks & Pans Mutual Funds / ETFs Hedge Funds Stocks Center Commodities Center Bonds Center Options Center Barron's Take Weekday Trader Stock Alert Inside Scoop Ahead of the Crowd Focus on Funds Stocks to Watch Today Barron's Roundtable Advisor Center Overview Top 100 Advisors Top 100 Women Advisors Top 100 Independent Advisors Top 1,200 Advisors Advisor Profiles Market Data Market Data Center Market Lab Economic Calendar Watchlist Stock Grader Stock & Fund Tables Barron's 400 PENTA Penta Magazine Penta Daily Penta Archives Barron's NEXT Investors' Soapbox AM Internet Stock Picks With 30% Upside Alphabet, Facebook and Amazon are three large-cap favorites for 2017 with catalysts. Jan. 12, 2017 10:56 a.m. ET Credit Suisse As we have noted in prior years’ outlooks, we believe stock performance throughout 2017 will continue hinged more on individual company and product-specific catalysts, as opposed to a broader sector-wide theme given the disparate nature of some of these businesses. Our intent is to update our relative rankings among the... Get The Full Story Subscribe   or   Log In Want to participate in the discussion? Already a subscriber? Log in for complete access. Powered by Livefyre Most Popular 1. Stocks Could Post Single-Digit Gains in 2017 Subscriber Content Read Preview 2. Our 2016 Stock Picks Beat the Market Subscriber Content Read Preview 3. Dividend-Hike Heroes Subscriber Content Read Preview 4. At Last, Hope Triumphs Subscriber Content Read Preview 5. Netflix or Hulu Plus? A guide to the best TV streaming services. Subscriber Content Read Preview See Full List Latest Market Videos 1 Felix Zulauf: Geopolitical Tension Impacts Markets 2 Bill Priest: Stocks With Solid Earnings Potential 3 How to Get Free Travel With New Credit Cards Barron's Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn YouTube RSS Feed AppStore Google Play Return to Top« Customer Service Customer Center Contact Us Live Help Refer Your Friends to Barron's and Get Rewarded. Learn More Create an Account Subscribe to Barron's Magazine Subscribers: Activate Your Digital Access About Barrons.com Advertising Masthead Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Data Policy Copyright Policy Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Your Ad Choices Community Guidelines Also From Barron's Conferences Reprints Classifieds College Program Find a Broker Barron's in Japanese Tools & Services Mobile Site Email Newsletters Barron's on iPad/iPhone Barron's on Android Watchlist Video Annual Reports StockGrader Barron's 400 Economic Calendar Stock & Mutual Fund Listings Commodities, Options & Annuities Listings Fund Prospectuses ACAP Enabled Copyright ©2017 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
PCMagLogo.2016 Reviews Reviews Android Apps Cameras Cars Desktops Drones Editors' Choice Gaming Headphones Health & Fitness iPad Apps iPhone Apps Keyboards Laptops Mice Monitors Phones Printers Projectors Routers Scanners Security Software Smart Home Software Speakers Storage Tablets TVs Virtual Reality Wearables All Reviews Best Picks Best Picks Best Android Apps Best Antivirus Software Best Cameras Best Desktops Under $500 Best Drones Best Fitness Trackers Best Hard Drives Best iPhone Apps Best iPhone Cases Best Laptops Best Monitors Best Password Managers Best PC Games Best Phones Best Printers Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Cases Best Tablets Best Wireless Routers Editors' Choice All Categories How-To How-To All Categories How to Block a Number on Any Phone How to Build a Computer How to Build Your Smart Home How to Clear Cache How to Connect Your iPhone to Your TV How to Create an Anonymous Email Account How to Create an App How to Edit a PDF How to Get iOS 10 How to Hack Wi-Fi Passwords How to Save Money on Your Cell Phone Plan How to Take a Screenshot How to Set Up and Configure Your Wireless Router How to Use Apple Pay News News All News Fastest ISPS Features Readers' Choice Business Choice Opinions Fastest Mobile Networks Tips Tips All Tips Tips to Speed Up Windows Tips Every Amazon Addict Should Know Android Marshmallow Tips Apple TV Tips Chrome Tips Chromecast Tips Facebook Tips Fitbit Tips Gmail Tips Google Drive Tips Google Search Tips Netflix Binge Watching Tips Roku Tips WiFi Booster Tips Yahoo Mail Tips Business Business All Categories Business Software Index Enterprise Small Business Startup Spotlight Explore Accounting & Taxes Back Best Expense Report Software 2016 Best Online Accounting Services 2016 Best Online Tax Preparation Software 2016 FreshBooks QuickBooks Online Plus TaxACT Online Plus Review TurboTax 2016 Review Antivirus, Safety & Security Back Avast Free Antivirus AVG Avira Best SaaS Endpoint Protection Software 2016 Best Security Suites 2016 Bitdefender Antivirus Plus Review 2016 Free Antivirus Kaspersky Antivirus Kaspersky Internet Security McAfee Symantec Norton Security Premium Review Webroot SecureAnywhere AntiVirus Review 2016 Windows Defender Browsers & Operating Systems Back Chrome Firefox Internet Explorer 11 macOS Sierra Beta Opera Microsoft Edge Tor Browser Windows 10 Business & Office Back Agiloft Review Best Application Performance Management Tools 2016 Best Asset Management Services 2016 Best Contract Management Software 2016 Best CRM Software of 2016 Best Email Marketing Software 2016 Best Help Desk Software 2016 Best HR Software & Management Systems of 2016 Best Idea Management Software 2016 Best Membership Management Software 2016 Best Network Monitoring Software 2016 Best Online Collaboration Software 2016 Best Online Survey Tools 2016 Best Project Management Software of 2016 Best Self-Service Business Intelligence (BI) Tools 2016 Best Social Media Management & Analytics Tools 2016 Best Video Conferencing Services 2016 Campaign Monitor Review What is Cloud Computing? Constant Contact Review Join.Me Review LiquidPlanner Review Microsoft Office 2016 Review Microsoft Office For Mac Review Microsoft Office 365 Review Vivantio Pro Review Wrike Review Zoho Projects Review Cameras & Photo/Video Editing Back Best Action Cameras of 2016 Best Digital Cameras of 2016 Best Photo Scanners 2016 Best Scanners of 2016 Best Video Editing Software for Enthusiasts GoPro Hero 4 Silver Mirrorless Camera Photoshop Elements Underwater Camera Video Editing Software Carriers & Providers Back Boost Mobile Dish Network Metro PCS Safelink Straight Talk Cases & Covers Back Best iPhone 6 Plus Cases Best iPhone SE Cases Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Cases Best All-in-One PCs Best Desktop Computers of 2016 Best Gaming Desktops 2016 Top 10 Desktops Under $500 Desktops Back Best All-in-One PCs Best Desktop Computers of 2016 Best Gaming Desktops 2016 Top 10 Desktops Under $500 Smart Home & Wearables Back Apple Watch Bands Best Smart Home Security Systems 2016 Best Smartwatches 2016 Best Home Security Cameras 2016 Doorbell Camera Fitbit Alta Fitbit Blaze Fitbit Surge Garmin Vivoactive Garmin Vivosmart HR IFTTT Nest Cam Roomba SimpliSafe Trackr DNA Testing Back 23andMe AncestryDNA Drones Back Best Drones Drone Regulations Ebooks Back The Best eReaders of 2016 How to Get Free eBooks Kindle Oasis Kindle Paperwhite Education Back Absorb LMS Review Best Language-Learning Software 2016 Best LMS of 2016 Grovo LMS Review Lynda Udemy Games Back Android Games iPhone Games Nintendo 3DS Games PC Games PS4 Games Xbox One Games Wii U Games Hard Drives, Storage, Networking & Backup Back Amazon Cloud Drive Review Best Cloud Storage & Syncing Best External Hard Drives 2016 Dropbox Review Eero Review IDrive Review Microsoft Onedrive Review Headphones Back Beats Headphones Beats Solo 2 Best Bluetooth Headphones Best Bluetooth Headsets Best Bluetooth Speakers Best Headphones 2016 Best In-Ear Headphones 2016 Best Noise-Canceling Headphones 2016 Bluetooth Headset Reviews Jaybird X2 Powerbeats2 Wireless Keyboards, Mice, Monitors & Speakers Back Best Business Monitors 2016 Best Computer Mice 2016 Best Computer Monitors 2016 Best Computer Speakers 2016 Best Gaming Keyboards of 2016 Best Gaming Monitors 2016 Best Keyboards 2016 Best Wireless Speakers 2016 Bose Soundlink JBL Flip 3 Laptops Back Best Budget Laptops 2016 Best Business Laptops 2016 Best Chromebooks 2016 Best Dell Laptops Best Gaming Laptops of 2016 Best Laptops Best Laptops for College Students Best Laptops Under $500 Best Lenovo Laptops 2016 Dell XPS 13 Dell XPS 15 Printers Back 3D Printer Best Inkjet Printers 2016 Best Laser Printers 2016 Best Wireless Printers 2016 Printers Search & Shopping Back Amazon Prime Cost Amazon Prime Now Amazon Prime Pantry Bing Square Cash App Google Search Tips Google Wallet Shows, Events & Holiday Back Back to School Tech E3 Fathers Day Holiday Gift Guide Tech News Phones Back Asus Zenfone 2 Laser Best Android Phone Best Unlocked Phones Droid Maxx 2 CDMA vs. GSM Huawei Honor 5X HTC Desire 626 Huawei P8 Lite iPhone 6 vs. 6s Nokia Lumia Samsung Galaxy J3 Samsung Galaxy S7 Samsung J7 Samsung S7 Sony Xperia Tablets Back Best Android Tablets 2016 Best Tablets of 2016 Best Windows Tablets iPad iPad Mini 4 Surface Pro TVs & Streaming Media Back Amazon Prime Video Amazon Fire Stick Best Media Streaming Devices of 2016 Best Podcasts Best Projectors 2016 Best TVs of 2016 Chromecast Google Play Music Hulu MP3 Netflix Pandora Radio Playstation Vue Roku 2 Roku Streaming Stick Slacker Radio Spotify Utilities Back Adobe Acrobat Pro Advanced SystemCare Best Password Managers for 2016 Best Tune-Up Utilities 2016 Download YouTube Evernote (Web) Google Image Search Iolo System Mechanic 15.5 Review LastPass Never10 SlimWare Utilities SlimCleaner Plus Review Virtual Reality Back Oculus Rift The Best VR Headset VoIP Back Best VoIP Services 2016 RingCentral Office (for Business) Review Vonage Review VPN Back Best VPN Services 2016 Best Free VPN Hotspot Shield NordVPN Review Private Internet Access Web Hosting Back 1&1 Web Hosting Review Best Cheap Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Managed WordPress Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Shared Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Small Business Web Hosting Services 2016 Best VPS Web Hosting Services for 2016 Bluehost Review Dreamhost Web Hosting Review Hostgator Review Hostwinds Web Hosting Review InMotion Web Hosting Review Coupons Subscribe Subscribe Nav_Assets Search for Arrow_Path CES2017 NintendoSwitch OperaNeon HTC CES2017PhotoBlog Subscribe Home/ Reviews/ Software/ Mobile Apps/ Google Maps Makes it Easier to Book an Uber, Lyft Google Maps Makes it Easier to Book an Uber, Lyft By Angela Moscaritolo January 12, 2017 04:33pm EST 10 Comments You can now book and pay for an Uber right from Google Maps, even if you don't have the Uber app installed. Don't have enough space on your phone for the Uber app? No worries. You can now book, complete, and pay for an Uber right from the Google Maps app, even when you don't have the Uber app installed on your device. "Once you sign into your existing Uber account (or create one), you can book an Uber ride, track your driver on the map, and connect with your driver—all from within the Google Maps app," Google Senior Product Manager Sara McKinley Torti announced in a blog post Thursday. Google is also making it super easy to access handy information about your destination—like menus and hours—when you're en route. Now, once you book your ride, this information is "only a swipe away," Torti wrote. Meanwhile, things will look a little different from now on when you open the Google Maps ride services mode. Going forward, you'll see a map along with a side-scrolling carousel of ride service options in your area, such as UberPool, UberX, UberXL and various options from Lyft and Gett, where available. Before, there was just a long list of ride service providers and options. Check out the new look to the right. "From booking a ride to reserving a table at a local restaurant, booking your favorite fitness class to ordering delivery for a night in, Google Maps no longer just shows you the information you're looking for," Torti wrote. "It also makes it easier to get things done in the real world — all in one place." These updates are rolling out globally to the Google Maps apps for iOS and Android. Google last March added the ride services tab to Maps offering Uber fare estimates and pickup times, and in September added Lyft and Gett to the mix. This lets people easily compare prices without having to download and open a bunch of different apps. Back to top Previous : Uber Rolling Out Calendar Shortcuts to Save You Time Apple Must Face Suit Claiming App Store Is Monopoly Next : By Angela Moscaritolo Reporter Angela has been a PCMag reporter since January 2012. Prior to joining the team, she worked as a reporter for SC Magazine, covering everything related to hackers and computer security. Angela has also written for The Northern Valley Suburbanite in New Jersey, The Dominion Post in West Virginia, and the Uniontown-Herald Standard in Pennsylvania. She is a graduate of West Virginia University's Perely Isaac Reed School of Journalism. More » More Stories by Angela Report: Senior VW Execs Advised Against Leaving Germany Meanwhile, Fiat Chrysler Automobiles could be facing criminal charges over its diesel emissions scan... More » Obamas Show Off White House in Virtual Reality Move your handset around to check out the White House from all angles as the Obamas tell you about t... More » Nissan to Test Autonomous Vehicles in London The trials will mark Nissan's first such tests in Europe. More » See More + Comments Login or Register Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus //Most Popular Articles A Visual History of the iPhone The Best of CES 2017 17 Hulu Tips for Streaming TV Fans The Best PC Games of 2017 The Booth Babes (and Bros) of CES 2017 13 Apps to Help You Keep Your New Year's Resolutions »See More //Discover... The Biggest Software Flops of All Time The Eerie World of Abandoned Arcade Games TV Shows to Watch if You Love 'Stranger Things' »See More About Connect Ziff Davis Sites Subscribe Social About Us Site Map Privacy Policy Terms of Use Advertise Accessibility Statement PCMag Digital Edition Newsletters RSS Feeds Encyclopedia Contact Us AskMen Computer Shopper ExtremeTech Geek IGN TechBargains Toolbox Offers.com PC/Mac Apple iOS Amazon Kindle Google Android Customer Service SOCIAL Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google+ Instagram © 1996-2017 Ziff Davis, LLC. PCMag Digital Group PC, PC Magazine and PC PCMag.com are among the federally registered trademarks of Ziff Davis, LLC and may not be used by third parties without explicit permission. unused
Jobs Cars Property Directory Place your Ad Sign In Account Hello Edit Account Sign Out Search Search The Scotsman Search More Close ] Future Scotland Tech Innovators Big Ideas Regions Inverness, Highlands & Islands Aberdeen & North East Dundee & Tayside Glasgow & Strathclyde Edinburgh, Fife & Lothians Dumfries & Borders News Politics Transport Education Environment Health UK World Odd Celebrity Friends of The Scotsman Obituaries Sport Football Rugby Union Tennis Golf Cricket Athletics Boxing Horse Racing Cycling Motorsport Snooker Hockey Business Companies Markets and Economy Management Lifestyle Gadgets & Gaming Culture Travel Health & Wellbeing Family Personal Finance Homes & Gardens Outdoors Motoring Cars Heritage People & Places Historic Events More Heritage We Know Scotland Future Scotland Innovators Big Ideas Giving Back Charities Business in Action Heroes Scots activist hits out at Google over ‘right to be forgotten’ Personal details of numerous Scots anti-fascist protestors have been shared online. Picture: Greg Macvean CHRIS McCALL 23:50 Thursday 12 January 2017 0 Have your say A political campaigner whose picture was published on a notorious far-right website has failed in their bid to have Google remove it from search engine results. The decision comes at a time when online privacy and the “right to be forgotten” is being increasingly debated by politicians. Google says it employs strict guidelines over search results. Picture: John Devlin The Scottish activist, who has asked not to be named, is prominently featured on Redwatch, an online platform which shares pictures, contact details and employment history of alleged “Marxists” – usually anti-fascist campaigners, trade unionists and journalists. The website has previously been described as a “practical instrument for criminal activity, violent assault and political intimidation” by Labour MP Angela Eagle. Redwatch invites readers to send in details of “your local red scumbags”, adding that “we want their names, addresses, phone numbers, photographs, work details – anything and everything about them to publish here”. The campaigner e-mailed Google directly last month after discovering a link to Redwatch was among the top search results for their name. In an e-mail seen by The Scotsman, they asked for the search result to be delisted, in line with EU law. The activist said: “I was surprised to learn that Google considers access to outdated details about me on a site run by neo-Nazis to be ‘justified by the public interest’. “If featuring on Redwatch – a site which operates on a manifesto of making ‘traitors... pay for their crimes’ – doesn’t qualify as harassment, it’s hard to see what does.” Several photographs and personal details of the activist have been on the site since at least 2013. “In 2009 I was involved with organising demonstrations against what, at the time, seemed like a growing threat from the far-right,” they said. “The BNP were active in Glasgow and trying to build on their success in the European elections that year, and the Scottish Defence League had just announced their first demonstration. “Soon enough, the faces of myself and other young people at those protests appeared on Redwatch, alongside names and other details. “Although they were photos that had been harvested from other websites, it was clearly intended to be threatening. The whole purpose of the website is to harass anti-fascists and it has been linked to violent attacks and death threats south of the Border.” A spokeswoman for Google said: “Our search results are a reflection of the content across the web. These results don’t reflect Google’s own opinions or beliefs – as a company, we strongly value a diversity of perspectives, ideas and cultures.” Google added it “strived to give users a breadth of diverse content from variety of sources” and was committed to the principle of a free and open web. The California-based tech giant only removes pages from search results under very narrow circumstances, such as when a page or a site violates its own webmaster guidelines, if it believes it is required to do so by law, or at the request of the webmaster who is responsible for the page. A European Court of Justice ruling in May 2014 required search engines in Europe to remove links to information relating to ordinary individuals who complain that it is outdated or irrelevant. Google said in the month following the ruling it received more than 70,000 ­requests relating to a quarter of a million websites. Back to the top of the page Sign in {* #userInformationForm *} Sign in socially {* loginWidget *} with your email address {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} Forgot your password? Reset it here. No account yet? Register Now. {* /userInformationForm *} Sign in {* #userInformationForm *} Sign in socially {* loginWidget *} Use another account Welcome back! Email Address {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} Password {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} Forgot your password? Reset it here. No account yet? Register Now. {* /userInformationForm *} Sign in {* #userInformationForm *} Sign in socially {* loginWidget *} Use another account with your email address {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} Forgot your password? Reset it here. No account yet? Register Now. {* /userInformationForm *} Registration Please fill in the remaining fields below to complete your registration {* #registrationForm *} {* traditionalRegistration_firstName *} {* traditionalRegistration_lastName *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddress *} {* traditionalRegistration_password *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirm *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} {* traditionalRegistration_jpCommsOptIn *} By registering you are agreeing to the terms and conditions. of the website. {* traditionalRegistration_captcha *} {* createAccountButton *} Back to previous screen {* /registrationForm *} Almost Done! {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_firstName *} {* socialRegistration_lastName *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} {* socialRegistration_jpCommsOptIn *} Registering with The Scotsman means you're ok with our terms and conditions. {* socialRegistration_captcha *} {* createAccountButton *} Back to previous screen {* /socialRegistrationForm *} Almost Done! {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_firstName *} {* socialRegistration_lastName *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} {* socialRegistration_jpCommsOptIn *} By registering you are agreeing to the Terms and Conditions of the website. {* socialRegistration_captcha *} {* createAccountButton *} ← Back to previous screen {* /socialRegistrationForm *} Thank You For Registering Welcome to The Scotsman You're almost there.We've just sent a confirmation email to . Check it out to confirm your registration. We are unable to send your welcome email at this time. Please try again later by clicking the resend welcome email link from your profile page. CHECK OUT MY PROFILE No thanks, take me to the homepage × Forgotten your password? Enter your email and we'll send you a link to reset your password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} Reset Your Password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close Your password has been changed Password has been successfully updated. Sign in Reset your password We didn't recognise that password reset code. Enter your email address to get a new one. {* #resetPasswordForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /resetPasswordForm *} Reset your password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close Reset your password Enter your new password. {* newPasswordForm *} {* newpassword *} {* newpasswordConfirm *} {* /newPasswordForm *} {* mergeAccounts {"custom": true} *} Is this you? It looks like you're already registered {| foundExistingAccountText |}. Either connect these accounts, or create new one using a different email address. {| moreInfoText |} {| moreInfoHoverText |} {| existing_provider |} {| existing_displayName |} {| current_emailAddress |} {| rendered_existing_provider_photo |} Created at {| existing_createdDate |} {| connectLegacyRadioText |} {| createRadioText |} {| current_provider |} Validating {| connect_button |} {| create_button |} Back to previous screen Sign In To Complete Account Merge It looks like you're already registered Email is already registered with OtherSite. You'll be able to use the same account on current Site. Alternatively, you can create a new account with another email address. {* #tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* mergePassword *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} Create new account {* /tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} Newsletter Preferences Congratulations, you're now registered! Let us know what news and updates you want to hear about and we'll send them straight to your inbox. No thanks, take me straight to the site. Daily Newsletter Additional Newsletter Where do you live? Enter your postcode so we can keep you up-to-date with the latest local news and exciting deals. Please provide a valid UK postcode Done Already Registered It looks like you're already registered. is already registered with . You will be able to use the same account on . Alternatively, you can create a new account with another email address. Validating Email address is required. Validating GET INTO WOW NOW Create a new account × × Thank you for registering We have sent a confirmation email to . Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account. We are unable to process your request at this time. Please try again later. Close Welcome to The Scotsman Congratulations, you've just sealed the deal! Sign in to your profile now to get started. That's it, you're all done! Close this window to start browsing the site now or click here to go to your profile Unfortunately that verification link has expired. To get a new one, just sign in to your profile now and resend the verification email. Unfortunately that verification link has expired. To get a new one, just resend the verification email by going to your profile page. Take me to my profile Sign in × Error × Profile Photo × Remove Linked Account? Are you sure you want to remove this linked account? Yes Cancel Join Us On Explore News Sport Business Lifestyle Food and Drink Heritage We Know Scotland Future Scotland Giving Back More from The Scotsman Announcements Bingo Buy a Photo Calendars Conferences Dating Digital Archive Directory Holidays Jobs Local Guide Cars Partnerships Property Public Notices Supplements Useful Links Contact us Advertise My Business Advertise a Job Advertising Place your ads Subscribe Edinburgh Evening News © 2017 Johnston Publishing Ltd. All rights reserved. Terms and Conditions Disclaimer Cookies Policy
SearchCloudComputing Search the TechTarget Network Sign-up now. Start my free, unlimited access. Login SearchCloudComputing SearchServerVirtualization SearchVMware SearchVirtualDesktop SearchAWS SearchDataCenter SearchWindowsServer SearchSOA SearchCRM Topic Data security in the cloud Security View All Cloud computing standards and compliance Cloud governance Applications View All Cloud desktop and application delivery Enterprise application integration with cloud providers Mobile cloud applications Network and application performance in the cloud Software as a Service and cloud computing XaaS Costs and management View All Cloud computing pricing and economics Cloud disaster recovery Cloud management and monitoring Negotiating service-level agreements and billing with cloud providers Development View All Big data and BI Building scalable websites in the cloud Cloud APIs and frameworks Cloud development and testing Cloud interoperability and portability High-performance computing in the cloud Platform as a Service and cloud computing Security View All Cloud computing standards and compliance Cloud governance Data security in the cloud Private cloud View All Hybrid cloud Cloud architecture design Cloud computing and virtualization Private cloud providers Public cloud View All Amazon Web Services cloud IaaS cloud deployment Open source cloud computing Public cloud providers Topics Archive View All Building a private cloud infrastructure Cloud backup Cloud computing business intelligence Cloud computing for VARs Cloud Computing Resources Cloud computing strategies for CIOs Use cases Infrastructure Cloud service provider business models CRM in the cloud Data center colocation services Data quality in test and development Linux and cloud computing Networking and cloud infrastructure planning Oracle in the cloud Public cloud computing services SaaS and cloud computing security SAP in the cloud SOA and cloud development VMware cloud computing WANs for cloud computing Windows Azure development Please select a category Applications Costs and management Development Security Private cloud Public cloud Section News News Get Started Evaluate Manage Problem Solve Sponsored Communities alphaspirit - Fotolia Google key management keeps pace with AWS, Azure by Trevor Jones News Writer A new Google Cloud Key Management Service attempts to keep pace with AWS and Azure with an important feature for highly regulated industries and enterprises that operate on its cloud. This Article Covers Data security in the cloud RELATED TOPICS Cloud computing standards and compliance Cloud governance Looking for something else? Public cloud and big banks finally on the same page Linode cloud security response draws praise, raises concerns Google Container Engine upgrades focus on scale, security + Show More In this Article Share this item with your network: Related Content Google Cloud KMS simplifies the key management ... – SearchSecurity AWS Key Management Service (AWS KMS) – SearchAWS Google focuses GCP on machine learning and data ... – SearchCloudComputing Sponsored News How to: Protecting Your Data in the Cloud –CommVault Why Cloud Is Driving Innovation and a Must-Do for Midsize Organizations –IBM See More Vendor Resources Maximizing Business Email Security in Gmail –SearchSecurity.com Asean Storage Magazine ezine February 2015 –SearchStorage.com Google is once again playing catch-up with Amazon Web Services -- this time, with an end-to-end security service that could be critical for highly regulated enterprises. Google Cloud Key Management Service (Cloud KMS) is available to test in nearly 50 countries. Cloud KMS connects the disparate pieces of Google Cloud Platform (GCP) under one umbrella for a centralized way to handle workloads that reside on Google's cloud. Google already offers a range of encryption and key capabilities: It encrypts data at rest by default, and last year, it added customer-supplied encryption keys. This new service fills the gap between those capabilities, and it targets customers in industries such as healthcare and the financial sector that want to simplify control over the creation, rotation and destruction of keys across GCP services. The Google key management service provides a root of trust that can be monitored and audited, and it integrates directly with Google's Cloud Identity & Access Management and audit logging services. It uses the Advanced Encryption Standard in Galois/Counter Mode, which is the same encryption library Google said it uses internally for Google Cloud Storage. Workiva, a financial reporting software developer in Ames, Iowa, worked with Google on Cloud KMS because it had to build its own version of the service to meet customer requirements. "It's critical," said Dave Tucker, Workiva's vice president of engineering. "Without us doing this service, there are a number of customers that we wouldn't have [on GCP]." Key management embedded at the platform level opens Workiva's customers to a broader range of GCP services, and it removes Workiva from the key management loop, he added. Google previously lacked a generalized, service-wide key management system for its services and applications, so Cloud KMS is a major step forward, said Steve Riley, an analyst at Gartner. Prior to this, Compute Engine and Cloud Storage customers had to rely on customer-supplied keys, which are limited to 20 countries. For Compute Engine, for example, customers had to use it to encrypt Google-generated keys that, in turn, encrypt only persistent disks. "That all changes now," Riley said. "It's in line with what we're seeing across the landscape of the name-brand, tier-one cloud service providers -- offering a managed encryption service that integrates across the various services." Customers may choose to use Cloud KMS and customer-supplied encryption keys separately or together, said Neil MacDonald, a Gartner analyst. Keeping up with the cloud competition Just like how everyone requires SSO connections, this will be the evolution where everyone will have the same thing. Dave Tuckervice president of engineering, Workiva Once derided for its lack of enterprise know-how, Google brought on Diane Greene, the former VMware founder and chief, to head up its cloud division in late 2015. Since then, the company has made a serious push to fill the gaps in its services for that customer base, including new security features, regional expansion, a broader partner ecosystem and greater outreach. Google's new Cloud KMS directly compares to offerings from its primary public cloud rivals: AWS Key Management Service and Microsoft Azure Key Vault, which became available in 2014 and 2015, respectively. Cloud KMS is currently in beta, and Google didn't provide a date when it will be generally available. Not every user will want this level of security right now, but it's requested more frequently these days -- and not just in highly regulated industries, Tucker said. "Eventually, it will just become best practices," he said. "Just like how everyone requires SSO [single sign-on] connections, this will be the evolution where everyone will have the same thing." Trevor Jones is a news writer with TechTarget's data center and virtualization media group. Contact him at tjones@techtarget.com Next Steps Google adds new cloud security certifications Why Google cloud deserves a second look in 2017 Google slashes cloud storage prices Dig Deeper on Data security in the cloud All News Get Started Evaluate Manage Problem Solve Set up an IAM system for public cloud Get started with Microsoft Azure Security Center Security issues in cloud computing Prevent ransomware threats to cloud apps with backup, security tools Load More View All Public cloud and big banks finally on the same page Linode cloud security response draws praise, raises concerns Google Container Engine upgrades focus on scale, security Cloud encryption key management becomes table stakes Load More View All News Get started with Microsoft Azure Security Center Security issues in cloud computing Microsoft Azure Security Center How do I establish network security groups for public cloud? Load More View All Get started Prevent ransomware threats to cloud apps with backup, security tools Combat the latest cloud security challenges and risks Implement multifactor methods of authentication for public cloud BYOK grants users the key to cloud encryption kingdom Load More View All Evaluate Set up an IAM system for public cloud Security issues in cloud computing Overcome cloud security challenges with these five expert tips Spot cloud security strategy flaws before it's too late Load More View All Manage How do I synchronize MFA devices for public cloud? Spot cloud security strategy flaws before it's too late Lock down your cloud with a penetration testing plan Fill security gaps with centralized cloud data encryption Load More View All Problem solve PRO+ Content Find more PRO+ content and other member only offers, here. E-Handbook One of the biggest cloud security challenges is knowing what you need Trevor Jones asks: What is your key management strategy for cloud-based services? Join the Discussion Join the conversation 1 comment Send me notifications when other members comment. Add My Comment Register Login Forgot your password? Forgot your password? No problem! Submit your e-mail address below. We'll send you an email containing your password. Submit Your password has been sent to: By submitting you agree to receive email from TechTarget and its partners. If you reside outside of the United States, you consent to having your personal data transferred to and processed in the United States. Privacy Please create a username to comment. Oldest  Newest  [-] Trevor Jones - 12 Jan 2017 4:33 PM What is your key management strategy for cloud-based services? Add My Comment Cancel   -ADS BY GOOGLE Latest TechTarget resources Server Virtualization VMWare Virtual Desktop AWS Data Center Windows Server SOA CRM SearchServerVirtualization Steps for a successful VMware to Hyper-V migration Before you begin a VMware to Hyper-V migration, you need to ask yourself how many VMs you need to migrate and how much downtime ... Proxmox resource pools simplify virtual resource management Open source Proxmox organizes virtual resources into pools, making it easier to assign user roles, effectively manage VMs and ... New IT job requirements include soft skills, business acumen In the constantly changing world of information technology, business acumen and soft skills have become as essential to finding ... SearchVMware A no-fuss guide to an ESXi 6.5 upgrade The latest version of VMware vSphere comes with a substantial version upgrade for its core hypervisor platform. Implement an ESXi... Protect hosts from hardware degradation with vSphere High Availability New to vSphere 6.5, Proactive High Availability helps protect hosts from hardware degradation by partnering with hardware vendors... Advice to navigate the growing NSX certification track The growth of the NSX certification track is just one example of how VMware's network virtualization offering is turning into a ... SearchVirtualDesktop Citrix acquires Unidesk for app layering software Citrix acquired Unidesk to improve its application layering offering. Experts said it's a big deal that brings different delivery... Save space for flash-based storage in your VDI deployment VDI shops are accustomed to storage issues. Moving to a flash-based storage array could solve a lot of problems and help prevent ... Five features good user profile management tools should include When looking for user profile management tools, VDI admins should search for the best possible user experience, multi-platform ... SearchAWS Acquisition bolsters AWS security tools at scale A quiet AWS acquisition last year could improve customers' ability to detect and respond to cyberattacks at scale through ... AWS' future promises more hybrid implementations, migration methods SearchAWS experts' predictions for AWS' future include increased enterprise adoption and more hybrid cloud implementation. But ... Top AWS tips of 2016 show Lambda, containers rule Serverless computing, containers and cloud competition were popular topics among AWS users in 2016. Here's a rundown of five ... SearchDataCenter Five data center certifications admins need to know Data center certifications, including those from VMware and Cisco, can provide a career boost for admins. Consider taking one of ... Data rides boomerang in on-premises vs. cloud computing battle More technology companies and large enterprises find that cloud computing is not as cost-effective as hoped, and have moved at ... Develop an IT budget plan to maximize lifespan and not break the bank Proper IT budget planning and cost optimization can extend the life of your infrastructure, help guide refresh decisions and ... SearchWindowsServer Microsoft rings in new year with light January Patch Tuesday Microsoft starts 2017 with just three bulletins, but administrators who manage Windows Server 2008 and 2008 R2 should pay close ... Ease migrations with Windows Server Migration Tools cmdlets An in-place Windows Server upgrade is easier than a server migration. When an upgrade isn't possible, admins can ease the ... SCORCH integration packs plug in more functionality Integration packs enhance the automation abilities of System Center Orchestrator to help administrators manage a wide array of ... SearchSOA Merging SOA and web services to improve microservices management Learn how merging SOA and web services will impact cloud-deployment thinking and make room for microservices. The five best .NET framework features for app mod Get a better understanding of the five best .NET features for app mod success. Popularity of application containers begins to shadow DevOps, PaaS The application container market is growing at an astounding pace, mimicking its rapidly rising popularity in the enterprise. ... SearchCRM Sensible contact center infrastructure updates for 2017 Contact center infrastructure evolves quickly and updates are inevitably necessary. Here's how to identify and make the changes ... Flurry of technology M&A foreshadows 2017 trends As the market continues to undergo a series of major mergers and acquisitions, some observers say to expect more technology M&A ... Choosing tools for your sales strategy plan can be challenging Don't let your sales reps be victims of 'paralysis of analysis' -- know what to look for when shopping for sales tools and ... About Us Contact Us Privacy Policy Advertisers Business Partners Media Kit Corporate Site Contributors Reprints Archive Site Map Answers E-Products Events Features Guides Opinions Photo Stories Quizzes Tips Tutorials Videos All Rights Reserved, Copyright 2010 - 2017, TechTarget Close
Home About Volunteer Contact Advertising Archives PDF Events & More The Gateway News All News Students’ Union Campus Life Institutional Research Residences Features Features Magazine Commentary Opinion Editorial Point/Counterpoint Group Commentary Pop Culture The Student Driver Arts Arts Local Food Music Movies Sports Sports Golden Bears Pandas Sports Commentary A/V Photography Podcasts Videos The Gateway Presents The Watch-men Diversions Diversions Editorial Cartoons Comics Throwback Artwork Opinion/ What a Time to be Alive What a Time to be Alive: Google Cardboard Jonah Angeles Image: Adaire Beatty 0 Comment Jan 12, 2017 It looks like an elementary school science project, but it works like a gizmo straight out of a Phillip K. Dick novel. In an era of tech where the electronic and industrial reign supreme, Google Cardboard is a shining beacon of laughable simplicity and DIY-style ingenuity. A recent trend on YouTube, emerging in the past couple years, has been 360-degree videos, labeled the “gateway drug to virtual reality” by The Verge. And I’m inclined to agree: please use VR responsibly. I personally went through a three-day bender of non-stop spaceship games, rollercoaster simulators, virtual escape rooms, as well as the occasional foray into the rabbit hole of — well, let’s not go there. (Google Cardboard doesn’t fare well with oil-based lubricants. I’m just forewarning you.) At the end of it, I literally felt like Leo in Inception. Television shows have also been joining the panoramic pandemonium (see Game of Thrones, Adventure Time, and The Simpsons). Full-fledged television shows and films should breach the mainstream in the next couple years — possibly sooner. On November 10th, Google released a new VR platform called Daydream View, made with a lightweight fabric as opposed to an empty shoebox-looking device. Jonah Angeles But, come on, really? You’re going to pick that over the Google Cardboard? Playing with Google Cardboard makes me feel like a little child, crawling through makeshift cardboard tunnels and castles made of pillows; Daydream View looks like a plushy accessory designed to appease fancy-pants first-world inhabitants who buy couches with cup-holder armrests. Oh, but you want your VR headset to come in a fancy, luxurious-looking colour, you say? (Excuse me while I unfurl my brow.) You can colour on cardboard. Just saying. But whichever VR platform you choose, I wish you all the best on your eventual trip into this boundless manifestation of the digital realm. It only gets better from here: Google plans to literally place the world in your hands. And sure, these smartphone-based platforms may be considered “soft” compared to the real stuff, like the Oculus Rift or Playstation VR, but Google Cardboard is the OG virtual reality platform for Android. It will always have a place on my shelf­­ — and in my heart. Latest Posts The Student Driver: 2017 Acura MDX Elite Stoner guitar playlist Visual Archive: Sperm Bank Throwback Comic: Neil the Nerd From the spam folder: January 15, 2017 Three Lines Free Please leave this field empty. Got something on your mind? Let us know! It could be published in our next issue. Recent Comments KM on News Editor hauls in hardware at campus journalism awards Mitch Sorensen on Q&A: Junaid Jahangir Johnny Mustang on Critics of the politically correct thought police need to get off their high horse euro crap on Q&A: Junaid Jahangir Carolyn Sale on University of Alberta fosters ‘elitership’ in failing program Back to Top The Gateway Home About Volunteer Contact Advertising Archive Community Guidelines Privacy Policy GSJS Sections News Opinion Arts Sports Features Multimedia Comics Follow Us Twitter Facebook Google+ YouTube Flickr RSS Since 1910
Theme Welcome · log in · join Show navigation Hide navigation Home Reviews How Charts Latest Speed Test Run Test Run Ping History Preferences Results Run Streams Servers Country Tools Intro FAQ Line Quality Smoke Ping Tweak Test Line Monitor Monitor Groups My IP is Whois Calculator Tool Points News News tip? Forums All Forums Hot Topics Gallery Info Hardware All FAQs Site FAQ DSL FAQ Cable Tech About contact about us community ISP FAQ Add ISP ISP Ind. Forums Join   Google Shuts Down Broadband Drone Efforts by Karl Bode Thursday Jan 12 2017 18:10 ESTTipped by telcodad Google has confirmed the company is giving up on its plan to deliver broadband by drone. While Google never released the price tag, it acquired drone maker Titan Aerospace in 2014, with an eye on using drones to deliver broadband wirelessly. This week a spokeswoman from Google parent Alphabet's X research lab confirmed that Google shut down Titan last year, shoveling most of the unit's employees off to other divisions within Alphabet and Google. Some of those employees were shifted to Project Loon, Google's broadband balloon effort the company insists in a statement will continue operations. In fact, the company publicly stated this week it believed the Loon program has a much better chance of bringing the company's aerial broadband ambitions to fruition. "The team from Titan was brought into X in early 2016," Google confirms in a statement. "We ended our exploration of high-altitude UAVs for internet access shortly after." "By comparison, at this stage the economics and technical feasibility of Project Loon present a much more promising way to connect rural and remote parts of the world. Many people from the Titan team are now using their expertise as part of other high flying projects at X, including Loon and Project Wing."Google has stated repeatedly that Loon won't be used to compete with existing providers, but it could prove useful to cooperatively help existing broadband providers shore up broadband connectivity in developing nations or disaster zones. The closure of Titan comes on the heels of Alphabet paring back Google's primary broadband-related business: Google Fiber. That effort is ongoing with Google likely making a sharp pivot to wireless, but many cities expecting gigabit fiber (like Portland, OR) have been left standing at the altar. tags: business · alternatives · bandwidth · Google · wireless News Jump Google Fiber in San Antonio Paused After Build ComplaintsDirecTV Loses 18 Channels in Yet Another Carriage Fee FightForum Topic: Does Installing Ethernet Raise Your Home Value?Friday Morning Links Riding 5G Hype, Redzone Launches '5Gx' Fixed Wireless Service»Google Shuts Down Broadband Drone EffortsForum Topic: When Amazon's Echo Pulls a Hal 9000Verizon Bumps Top FiOS Speed to 750 MbpsWeekend Open Thread!FCC Report: AT&T And Verizon Are Violating Net Neutrality----------------------this weeklast weekmost discussed Most recommended from 22 comments sd70mac Premium Member join:2015-10-18 Woodstock, IL sd70mac Premium Member 2017-Jan-12 7:59 pm Too expensive... Unlike fiber, I just can't see how non-dirigible aircraft could be cost effective to deliver internet access long term. The maintenance and fuel costs would simply be too high. · actions · 2017-Jan-12 7:59 pm · pende_tim Premium Member join:2004-01-04 Andover, NJ30.1 4.3 ·Service Electric.. ·Xfinity pende_tim Premium Member 2017-Jan-12 7:16 pm This Reminds me of More and more Google reminds me a a spoiled rich kid with ADD. Getting expensive new toys that are cast aside quickly when the shine wears off. Didn't anyone do a business plan before the drone company was purchased? Another lesson in don't tie anything serious to a Google offering as it will be shutdown or sold just as you start to use it. · actions · 2017-Jan-12 7:16 pm · How about .. Google Fiber Applies to Test Ultra-Fast Wireless in 24 Cities Facebook Demonstrates 20 Gbps Millimeter Wireless Broadband Starry Preps for 2017 Launch of 200-300 Mbps Wireless The Challenge of the Last Mile T-Mobile LTE Coverage Now Just 1 Million Shy of Verizon T-Mobile Simplifies Unlimited Data Plans, To Credit Unused Data Verizon, AT&T, Sprint All Promise Gigabit Wireless in 2017 Riding 5G Hype, Redzone Launches '5Gx' Fixed Wireless Service News ISP News Got news? Tools Speed Test Smokeping Ping Test 24x7 Broadband Monitor ISP Reviews Review an ISP Latest GBU Information Hardware FAQs Community Join Welcome Members For Sale Forums All Forums DSLReports Feedback About Contact FAQ Terms of Use Privacy Follow Site Mobile mode DSLReports.com © DSLReports.com Est. 1999 Sunday, 15-Jan 20:22:04 Hosted by Liquid Networks
CNET Reviews Best Products CNET 100 Appliances Audio Cameras Cars Desktops Drones Headphones Laptops Networking Phones Printers Smart Home Tablets TVs Virtual Reality Wearable Tech Web Hosting Forums News Apple Computers Crave Deals Google Internet Microsoft Mobile Photography Security Sci-Tech Tech Culture Tech Industry Photo Galleries Video Forums Video Apple Byte Carfection CNET Top 5 CNET Update Googlicious How To Netpicks Next Big Thing News On Cars Phones Prizefight Tablets Tomorrow Daily CNET Podcasts How To Appliances Computers Gaming Home Entertainment Internet Mobile Apps Phones Photography Security Smart Home Tablets Wearable Tech Forums Speed Test Smart Home CNET Smart Home CNET Smart Apartment Smart Home News Smart Home How To Best Smart Home Devices Cars Car Reviews Best Cars New Cars Used Cars Deals Cheapskate Best Tech Under $50 All Deals Tech Deals Non-Tech Deals Audio Deals Cell Phone Deals Desktop Deals Laptop Deals Hard Drive & Storage Deals Printer Deals Tablet Deals Camera Deals Monitor Deals Software Deals TV Deals Web Hosting VPN Services WordPress Hosting Domain Names Download Join CNET Member Benefits Sign In to CNET My Profile Forums Sign Out Australia China France Germany Japan Korea United Kingdom US Editions English Español CNET Appliances Smart Home Ecobee's room sensors get smarter with HomeKit Ecobee's room sensors get smarter with HomeKit You can now check the current temperature and motion activity of Ecobee's room sensors in Apple's Home app for iPhone. Smart Home by Megan Wollerton January 12, 2017 3:15 PM PST @meganwollerton Up Next Amazon could start dropping off packages inside your home Enlarge Image Ecobee's temperature and presence room sensors now officially work with Apple HomeKit.Photo by Tyler Lizenby/CNET If you've been waiting for Ecobee's room sensors to make the official jump to HomeKit compatibility, your wait is over. Firmware version 3.7.0.969 of Ecobee's iOS app is currently rolling out to customers and the updated software now displays connected Ecobee room sensors directly in Apple's HomeKit Home app for iOS 10. Ecobee's $249 Ecobee3 thermostat (a rough conversion to £204 or AU$332) comes with a room sensor that can track both ambient temperature and motion. The idea is that you'll stick this sensor anywhere in your house so it can act like an extension of the thermostat's own sensors. In theory, then, it does a better job monitoring your home and away patterns, as well as the temperature in the house (since it isn't just gathering data in the hallway where your thermostat is installed). 57 Check out all the smart home products at CES 2017 (so far) Apple's HomeKit smart home platform for iPhone is somewhat similar to Amazon's Alexa devices and the Google Home. However, instead of setting up a dedicated speaker in your house, Apple's voice control smarts come straight from Siri via your iOS-equipped mobile device. While HomeKit is more portable than Amazon and Google's smart home platforms, it has integrated with smart products from other manufacturers more slowly than its competitors. This is due in part to Apple's requirement that developers add a chip to their hardware before it can work with Siri and the broader HomeKit system. Related Links: Here's all of the Apple HomeKit stuff you'll see at CES Here are all of the new Alexa devices and skills of CES Here's everything Google Home's doing at CES 2017 Previously, Ecobee3 customers could only monitor their thermostat on Apple's Home app. This firmware update extends access to room sensors as well, so you'll be able to check in on the ambient temperature and motion activity of those remote devices too. You'll also be able to add in Siri commands such as, "What's the temperature in the basement?" Ecobee added a budget version of its $249 Ecobee3 thermostat in 2016 called the Ecobee3 Lite (video below). While this $169 HomeKit-enabled "lite" model (roughly converted to £138 or AU$225) has a lot of the same functionality as the Ecobee3, it doesn't work with room sensors. Ecobee's firmware update 3.7.0.969 is currently making its way to customers, so don't fret if yours hasn't updated just yet. In the meantime, check out this Reddit feed detailing the update. Ecobee slashes the price of its latest smart thermostat The Ecobee3 Lite Smart Thermostat works with Alexa, Siri, SmartThings, Wink and IFTTT -- all for just $169. by Megan Wollerton 1:23 Close Drag Share your voice 0 comments Tags CNET Smart Home Smart Home Honeywell Nest Amazon Google Siri Apple HomeKit Alphabet Inc. 8 Features 7 Usability 8 Design 8 Performance CNET Review Ecobee3 Wi-Fi Smart Thermostat, HomeKit-enabled Ecobee's $249 answer to other DIY smart thermostats has a whole suite of appealing stand-alone features as well as integrations with IFTTT, Amazon Alexa, Apple HomeKit, and more. $249.00 See it CNET Smart Home What better way to review smart-home tech than from a house meant for that exact purpose? Jan 14 AA batteries power this simple smart doorbell Jan 12 Ecobee's room sensors get smarter with HomeKit Jan 8 A close look at Curb's whole-home energy tracking system Jan 7 Curb your home's runaway energy usage with this sophisticated monitoring system All CNET Smart Home Stories Related Stories Untangling the mesh: Everything you need to know about Wi-Fi systems 10 ways to use Mason jars (for everything except canning) Brookfield Residential builds a dream home for Alexa Best smart home devices of 2017 Close   Discuss: Ecobee's room sensors get smarter with HomeKit Conversation powered by Livefyre Up Next: Amazon could start dropping off packages inside your home CNET © CBS Interactive Inc.  /  All Rights Reserved. About CNET Privacy Policy Ad Choice Terms of Use Mobile User Agreement Help Center
Share toggle menu Deals Jobs Follow Us Android App Review Service Shop Deals Join Our Team Advertise About Staff Privacy Policy Contact Android News Android News Android Device List Page Android Manufacturer News Android Smartwatch News Android Auto News Android TV News VR News Google ChromeBook News Google Glass News Google ChromeCast News Android News Canada Android India News Android Chinese News Android Phone News Android Phone News Android Phone Reviews Android Phone Comparisons Best Android Phones Rankings Android Phone Accessory Reviews Android Tablet News Android Tablet News Best Android Tablets Rankings Android Tablet Comparisons Android Tablet Reviews Android App News Android App News Android App & Game Reviews Android Games Top 10 Best Android Apps & Games Lists Android Developer News Tech News Special Features Special Features Android Smartphone and Tablet Deals Google IO News Android Gift Guide MWC Android News CES 2017 Android and Tech News Android How To Guides Android Awards Android Newsletter Site Authors Join Our Team Advertise Android App Review Service News Tips Contact Social Media Followers 1.5M 416K 366K 53K 15K 20K 65K 46K Recent News Top 10: Android News Stories – January 15th, 2017 FCC Chairman Makes Final Plea for Net Neutrality Samsung Galaxy J7 (2017) Benchmarked Older Adults Now Have A Digital Assistant System With Elli-Q Recent Reviews Review: ZTE Axon 7 Mini Android Smartphone Review: UHANS A101 Review: OUKITEL K7000 Review: ASUS ZenFone 3 Laser Android Deals Deal: Pick up the Samsung Gear 360 for just $273 – 1/13/17 Today’s Tech Deals – Jan. 13th, 2017: Watch Dogs 2, Huawei Mate 9 & More! Deal: Huawei Honor 8, 32GB for $399 – 1/13/17 Deal: The Complete Web Programming Bundle for $41 – 1/13/17 Special Features Weekly Poll: What Was Your Favorite Tech From CES 2017? VR Offerings AT CES Paint A Picture Of A Bland 2017 For Hardware Top 10: Best Android Smartwatches Buyer’s Guide – January 2017 Top 10: Best Android Smartphones Buyer’s Guide – January 2017 Google Adds Yet More Banks To Android Pay’s Support List January 12, 2017 - Written By Justin Diaz Google adds yet more banks to Android Pay’s support list, this time totaling 40 new banks and credit unions that are now included on the already massive (and continually growing) list of supported institutions. This includes banks like Bank of Central Florida and Advantage One Federal Credit Union, as well as BMO Harris Bank N.A. and FedEx Employees Credit Association, among many others. As is standard it seems, Google appears to be adding new banks to the list of supported locations every two to four weeks, and has been adding new banks and credit unions around that pace since not too long after its official launch. Today’s newly updated list comes just a short while after Google added support for 31 new banks and credit unions back on December 19th, and for consumers who’s banks are still not listed as having Android Pay support, if Google continues to add more to the list at the rate they have been then it’s likely that their banks may be added in this next round which should be sometime in the first half of February if the timing stays the same. Interestingly enough, Google is also said to be launching Android Wear 2.0 in February, although they don’t mention any specific time frame other than “early February,” and with Android Wear 2.0 comes support for Android Pay on the platform, meaning users will finally be able to make payments for purchases from their wrists. This launch of the new version of Android Wear should coincide nicely with the timing of a new batch of added banks for Android Pay support, although there is also no guarantee that the support for more banks will be added at or around the exact same time as the release of Android Wear 2.0. While Android Pay is already widely available across the U.S. and some other major markets, Google is still continuing to open support for the service in some other countries, having recently added support for Japan back in the first half of December, while places like Canada have yet to fully support Google’s mobile payment system although it does reportedly work for customers of Canada’s Scotiabank. Post navigation Top 10: Best Android Smartphones Buyer’s Guide – January 2017 Samsung Galaxy A3, A5 & A7 (2017) Already Available In Russia January 12, 2017 | Android App News Source: Android Police Show Comments Hide Comments () Latest News The ZTE ZMAX Pro Is Getting Nougat Though The Beta Program Google Says The Pixel Audio Issue Is Hardware-Related LG Promises New LG G6 Flagship Safe From Overheating This Google Pixel Concept Is Quite The Attention Grabber Top 10: Android News Stories – January 15th, 2017 Sponsored: Buy The Huawei Mate 9 From Jet.com For $599.99 Sony Publish Xperia Z3+, Z4 Tablet, Z5 Firmware To PTCRB Apple v. Samsung Case is Reopened, Returning to Court of Appeals Samsung Investigates Overheating Senate Staffers Phone Mac Android File Transfer Problems With Google Pixel FCC Chairman Makes Final Plea for Net Neutrality Huawei Mate 9 Giveaway With Jet.com & Android Headlines – USA Only! Google Simplifying Hangouts Group Chat Creation LeEco Gets a $2.2B Investment from Sunac China Holdings Discovered Vulnerability In WhatsApp Is By Design Analysts Believe AT&T/Time Warner Deal Will Still Be Approved Samsung Galaxy J7 (2017) Benchmarked Sponsored: Huawei Nova Plus Giveaway from Huawei and AH Chrooma Keyboard Launches Out Of Beta With v4.0 Older Adults Now Have A Digital Assistant System With Elli-Q Phone Comparisons: Moto Z Force vs Honor 6X Load More Posts Follow Share
SearchSecurity Search the TechTarget Network Sign-up now. Start my free, unlimited access. Login SearchSecurity SearchCloudSecurity SearchNetworking SearchCIO SearchConsumerization SearchEnterpriseDesktop SearchCloudComputing ComputerWeekly Topic Data Security and Cloud Computing Enterprise Data Protection View All Data Analysis and Classification Data Loss Prevention Database Security Management Disk Encryption and File Encryption Enterprise Data Governance Data breaches and ID theft Application and Platform Security View All Application attacks Application Firewall Security Database Security Management Email Protection Vulnerability management Open source security Operating System Security Secure SaaS Productivity applications Social media security Software development Virtualization security Web Security Tools and Best Practices Enterprise Data Protection View All Data Analysis and Classification Data Loss Prevention Data Security and Cloud Computing Database Security Management Disk Encryption and File Encryption Enterprise Data Governance Data breaches and ID theft Enterprise Identity and Access Management View All Identity management User Authentication Services Web Authentication and Access Control Enterprise Network Security View All NAC and endpoint security IDS Network Protocols and Security Tools, Products, Software Secure VPN Setup and Configuration Wireless security Government IT security View All Information Security Careers, Training and Certifications View All CISSP Certification Information Security Jobs and Training Security Industry Certifications Information Security Management View All Business management Disaster recovery Enterprise Compliance Management Strategy Compliance software Enterprise risk management Incident response Laws, investigations and ethics Policies, procedures and guidelines Conference coverage Awareness training and insider threats Market trends and predictions Vendor management Information Security Threats View All Application Attacks -Information Security Threats Denial of service Email and messaging threats Emerging threats Enterprise Vulnerability Management Hacker tools and techniques Identity Theft and Data Security Breaches Incident response Malware Security Awareness Training and Internal Threats Mobile device threats Web Application and Web 2.0 Threats Web server threats Security Audit, Compliance and Standards View All Cloud Computing Security Standards COBIT Data Privacy and Protection FFIEC Regulations and Guidelines Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act (GLBA) HIPAA ISO 17799 IT Security Audits PCI Data Security Standard Sarbanes-Oxley Act Topics Archive View All IM Security Issues, Risks and Tools Security Resources Please select a category Application and Platform Security Enterprise Data Protection Enterprise Identity and Access Management Enterprise Network Security Government IT security Information Security Careers, Training and Certifications Information Security Management Information Security Threats Security Audit, Compliance and Standards Section News News Get Started Evaluate Manage Problem Solve Sponsored Communities vali_111 - Fotolia Google Cloud KMS simplifies the key management service, but lacks features by Michael Heller Senior Reporter Experts are impressed with the simplicity of Google's Cloud KMS even if it doesn't separate itself from the key management service competition. This Article Covers Data Security and Cloud Computing RELATED TOPICS Data Analysis and Classification Data Loss Prevention Database Security Management Disk Encryption and File Encryption Enterprise Data Governance Data breaches and ID theft Looking for something else? Patent race picks up speed in the cloud access security broker market information security (infosec) Does encrypting data make access harder for regulators? + Show More Sections Share this item with your network: Related Content Google key management keeps pace with AWS, Azure – SearchCloudComputing AWS Key Management Service (AWS KMS) – SearchAWS How AWS Key Management Service bolsters cloud security – SearchCloudSecurity Sponsored News Prevent Vulnerability in the Cloud: Fulfill Your End of the ... –Splunk Avoid the Pain of Cloud Silos With Unified Management and Visibility –Splunk See More Vendor Resources Maximizing Business Email Security in Gmail –SearchSecurity.com Ensure You're Secure –SearchAWS A quality key management service is judged on its ability to simplify the task of keeping encryption keys safe and although experts are impressed with the ease of use for Google's Cloud KMS, the product may not offer anything new. Google announced its Cloud Key Management Service (KMS) as an extension of the Google Cloud Platform (GCP) as a beta service in various regions including North America, Europe and Southeast Asia. Google is targeting "regulated industries, such as financial services and healthcare" with Cloud KMS because traditional "custom-built or ad hoc key management systems ... are difficult to scale and maintain." "Cloud KMS offers a cloud-based root of trust that you can monitor and audit," Maya Kaczorowski, product manager at Google wrote in a blog post. "With Cloud KMS, you can manage symmetric encryption keys in a cloud-hosted solution, whether they're used to protect data stored in GCP or another environment. You can create, use, rotate and destroy keys via our Cloud KMS API, including as part of a secret management or envelope encryption solution. It's directly integrated with Cloud Identity Access Management and Cloud Audit Logging for greater control over your keys." John Morello, CTO of Twistlock, the San Francisco-based container security company, and former program manager for Microsoft's public key infrastructure, said Google's Cloud KMS is a "great example of what everyone in the security and cloud space should be focused on: making security best practices that used to be hard, easy."  "By abstracting the complexity of key management from developers, every developer can more easily protect data throughout its lifecycle. Critically, Google's approach also provides customer choice, so you're not limited to a single trust anchor," Morello told SearchSecurity. "Instead, you can use the support they provide for customer managed keys to maintain full control over keys that are used for highly sensitive scenarios, while also using the built-in platform support for less critical needs. This makes it easier to just encrypt everything, everywhere while maintaining control over exactly how those keys are managed." However, David Berman, senior director of product marketing at CipherCloud, a San Jose, Calif., cloud security company, said there was nothing in the announcement that could be considered "unique" compared to other options like Amazon's AWS key management service. "Google KMS supports only [the] data at rest encryption use case for Google Cloud Platform customers," Berman told SearchSecurity. "The announcement highlights Google's late entry with a KMS option long after Amazon and other cloud storage providers have added such options." Rod Schultz, vice president at Rubicon Labs, the cybersecurity company based in San Francisco, said Google's Cloud KMS should help enterprises build better security. "In order for security to move forward and improve, the details and complexity of it must be abstracted, and this is precisely what Google is offering with KMS. Securely managing keys for data in transit and data at rest protection is the first step in better cloud security," Schultz told SearchSecurity. "Many of the vulnerabilities and hacks in the cloud today are symptoms of bad or a total lack of key management, and KMS should enable CISOs all over the world to get a bit more sleep each night." Tom Grave, vice president of marketing at CTERA Networks, the New York-based data protection company, said Google's Cloud KMS should "provide value in terms of ease of use and scalability for customers that are comfortable sharing the trust of key management with their cloud vendor." "For many companies, entrusting a third party with key management is a nonstarter, which is why Google is smart to reinforce that [on-premises] key management remains an option," Grave told Search Security. "Overall, we see Google's announcement as indicative of what we expect to see more of this year -- as the market for cloud services continues to mature, enterprise class features and functionality become prerequisites for any cloud offering for the majority of enterprise buyers." Berman said Google's key management service may be insufficient for its target market of regulated organizations. "There are minor benefits to having cloud-based key management including emphasizing that media encryption is a minimum table stake for data security," Berman said. "Regulated industries, like financial service and healthcare, will not find the shared key management approach of Cloud KMS adequate to address audit and compliance requirements including separation of duties, zero knowledge encryption and exclusive customer control of encryption keys." Kevin Bocek, vice president of security strategy and threat intelligence at Venafi, said Google is "missing out on solving the real challenge related to key and certificate management in the cloud." "The Cloud Key Management does not automate the use of keys and digital certificates for HTTPS at all. This is [the] most basic, fundamental need for cloud compute and networking security: keys and certificates establish what systems are trusted or not, and establish privacy with encryption," Bocek told SearchSecurity. "This is a huge gap the serious enterprise cloud, DevOps, and security teams will [have] to have filled if they'll consider Google seriously for cloud services." Dmitry Chastukhin, lead ERP security specialist at ERPScan, said Google's Cloud KMS may be simpler and reliable, but could also create more problems for IT teams. "It is more convenient for enterprises to use a turnkey cloud solution instead of maintaining custom-built or ad hoc systems for managing encryption keys. However, no need to say that protecting cloud products is one of the biggest headaches for security teams," Chastukhin told SearchSecurity. "In a nutshell, Google's KMS looks secure, but for my part, I don't recommend to use it for keys related to critical infrastructure just to be on the safe side." Next Steps Learn more about devising a hybrid cloud implementation plan. Find out how Amazon's AWS Key Management Service can help bolster cloud security. Get three perspectives on cloud identity and access management. Dig Deeper on Data Security and Cloud Computing All News Get Started Evaluate Manage Problem Solve Patent race picks up speed in the cloud access security broker market information security (infosec) Does encrypting data make access harder for regulators? How to achieve secure file sync and share Load More View All Patent race picks up speed in the cloud access security broker market Converting to cloud: Ranum Q&A with Lee Heath View All News information security (infosec) How to achieve secure file sync and share A secure sync-and-share tool can provide powerful file protection View All Get started Does encrypting data make access harder for regulators? Block chain startups signal new approaches to data integrity The big data challenge: What's in store for NoSQL security Best of cloud security 2013 Load More View All Evaluate Block chain startups signal new approaches to data integrity The big data challenge: What's in store for NoSQL security Encryption key management: Should keys still be stored in the cloud? Best of cloud security 2013 Load More View All Manage Encryption key management: Should keys still be stored in the cloud? View All Problem solve PRO+ Content Find more PRO+ content and other member only offers, here. E-Handbook Picking the best CASB for your enterprise E-Handbook How to achieve secure file sync and share E-Handbook Lessons and next steps in continuous security monitoring Michael Heller asks: What do you think of how Google's Cloud KMS handles key management? Join the Discussion Join the conversation 1 comment Send me notifications when other members comment. Add My Comment Register Login Forgot your password? Forgot your password? No problem! Submit your e-mail address below. We'll send you an email containing your password. Submit Your password has been sent to: By submitting you agree to receive email from TechTarget and its partners. If you reside outside of the United States, you consent to having your personal data transferred to and processed in the United States. Privacy Please create a username to comment. Oldest  Newest  [-] Michael Heller - 12 Jan 2017 5:03 PM What do you think of how Google's Cloud KMS handles key management? Add My Comment Cancel   -ADS BY GOOGLE Latest TechTarget resources Cloud Security Networking CIO Consumerization Enterprise Desktop Cloud Computing Computer Weekly SearchCloudSecurity How the Flip Feng Shui technique undermines cloud security The Flip Feng Shui attack against hypervisors could have both short and long-term effects on enterprises. Expert Ed Moyle ... How cloud endpoint protection products benefit enterprises Cloud endpoint protection products are outpacing standard endpoint protections. Expert Frank Siemons discusses the evolution of ... How Microsoft's Secure Data Exchange bolsters cloud data security Microsoft's new service, Secure Data Exchange, can help protect cloud data while in transit and at rest. Expert Rob Shapland ... SearchNetworking Dell's new multigig campus switches built for wired, wireless LAN Dell is pitching the open networking features of its new campus switches. The hardware's ability to run any of several network ... API growth forcing vendors to take notice or risk losing out The API is fast becoming a must-have in modern networking. But API growth is forcing vendors to rethink how they want their ... How to smooth the cloud-based networking path Cloud-based networking is the norm now. Learn which technologies allow companies to reap the benefits of the cloud for their ... SearchCIO PrivacyCon: Tech's assault on (obliteration of?) consumer privacy The attack on consumer privacy by new tech is huge and growing, enabled by consumers and greased by profit; in other words, a ... Five analytics priorities for 2017 The International Institute for Analytics recommends embracing AI, clearly defining roles, and finding a balance between ... International Institute for Analytics' five analytics predictions AI classification systems will be created, predictive models will be scrutinized and analytics teams will be decentralized. ... SearchConsumerization Android, Windows tablets from HP take aim at business users HP released a new line of tablets targeting business users. The HP Pro Slate 8 and Pro Slate 12 run Android and cost $449 and ... Microsoft to lay off 18,000, Nokia X moves to Windows Phone Microsoft will lay off 18,000 people over the next year while the Nokia X line of Android smartphones, which was unveiled earlier... Microsoft Surface Pro 3 vs. Microsoft Surface Pro 2 Surface Pro 2 and Surface Pro 3 are different enough that Microsoft is keeping both on the market as competing products. Which ... SearchEnterpriseDesktop Windows 10 how-to guide It's important to know how to work with Windows 10, including what to do about taskbar clutter and how to change the default save... MacBook Pro issues have bad timing, as Surface surges Shortfalls of the new MacBook Pro are evident, as Apple pays more attention to other areas of its business. The lack of ... New VMware EUC lead: Shadow IT is the biggest cybersecurity threat IT pros work to defend against breaches and hacks, but it's their own users that continue to be a threat. This issue could drive ... SearchCloudComputing Evaluate hybrid cloud management tools for your enterprise needs Selecting hybrid cloud management tools is a complex task. Buyers must consider a long list of criteria such as costs, APIs, ... Google key management keeps pace with AWS, Azure A new Google Cloud Key Management Service attempts to keep pace with AWS and Azure with an important feature for highly regulated... Cloud partnerships, acquisitions to shake up market in 2017 With rising competition between cloud vendors, more will pursue partnerships or acquire other companies to boost their own ... ComputerWeekly Demand for datacentres in "edge" countries tipped to fuel next wave of colocation M&A 451 Research predicts developing countries will be the source of increased colocation market revenue in the years to come, and ... Security Think Tank: Use DNS proxy services to bolster security What are the main security risks associated with DNS, and how are these best mitigated? Facebook under fire for WhatsApp security backdoor A security researcher has discovered a vulnerability in the way WhatsApp implements encryption, raising concerns that it will be ... About Us Contact Us Privacy Policy Videos Photo Stories Guides Advertisers Business Partners Media Kit Corporate Site Contributors CPE and CISSP Training Reprints Archive Site Map Events E-Products All Rights Reserved, Copyright 2000 - 2017, TechTarget Close
