News Corp is a network of leading companies in the worlds of diversified media, news, education, and information services. Follow The Sun Your Sun Sign in Editions Scottish Sun Irish Sun Sun Bets Sun Bingo Dream Team The Sun The Scottish Sun The Irish Sun Dream Team Sun Bets Fabulous Sun Favourite Sun Bingo Sun Gifts £9.50 Hols Superdays News Corp WSJ.com New York Post The Australian News.com.au Storyful Harper Collins Realtor.com Services Sign Up To The Sun Terms and Conditions Editorial Complaints Clarifications and Corrections Syndication Advertising Contact Us Commissioning Terms Help Hub Topic A-Z Sell Your Story The Sun, A News UK Company TOP London Set your weather Now 0°C 9pm 0°C Sign in UK Edition Scottish Sun Irish Sun Sun Bets Sun Bingo Dream Team Search Home Election 2017 Football Sport TV & Showbiz News Living Money Motors Travel Tech Sun Bets Sun Bingo All News All News UK News World News Politics Opinion FACEBOOK OF FIENDS Security Minister Ben Wallace slams firms for failing to tackle terrorism after just 270,000 extremist images have been removed since 2010 MP blasted 'duplicitous' online firms such as Facebook and Google for selling users’ personal data yet refusing to help authorities By Harry Cole, Westminster Correspondent 29th May 2017, 12:51 am Updated: 29th May 2017, 5:45 am Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) Comments ONLY 270,000 extremist images have been scrubbed from the internet since 2010 as tech titans fail to help crackdown on terror. Security Minister Ben Wallace blasted “duplicitous” online firms such as Facebook and Google for selling users’ personal data yet refusing to assist the authorities with investigations. Getty Images 4 Security Minister Ben Wallace blasted ‘duplicitous’ firms for selling data yet refusing to help authorities In an attack on trendy tech bosses, he raged: “Sitting on a bean-bag wearing a T-shirt doesn’t make you some freedom-loving hippie. “They love their shareholdings, their super yachts and their billions.” He called managers “ruthless money-makers” who thought nothing of flogging their users’ personal information. PA:Press Association 4 Police lay flowers in tribute to the victims of the Manchester terror attack Home Secretary warns members of Manchester bomber's network could still be on run He said: “But when we, the state, say we have processes and warrants and ask for that same type of data, we get this very twisted view of, ‘Ah, but that’s surveillance’.” He said despite the removal of images “if you go on to YouTube you can be led down a path to watching more and more”. MOST READ IN POLITICS JEZ GUN ROW Video of Corbyn saying he opposes shoot-to-kill policy rises to the top of BBC website in wake of London attack 'ENOUGH IS ENOUGH' Theresa May says Britain is too tolerant of jihadist ideology and vows to take a hard line against terror 'not on our side' Two Muslim groups have been slammed for failing to condemn the Manchester attack TOO SOON? Jeremy Corbyn attacks PM over terror and police cuts accusing her of trying to protect Brits on the cheap NUKING THEIR CHANCES Corbyn's spin doctor brands idea Labour leader would defend UK with nukes as 'bonkers' TIME TO CHANGE Michael Gove says EU citizens can come after Brexit but WON'T have same access to work or welfare Home Secretary Amber Rudd said some firms were being more helpful than others. She told the BBC: “We are making good progress with the companies who have put in place end-to-end encryption”. “Some of them are being more constructive than others and we will continue to build on that.” Reuters 4 Amber Rudd said that some companies were being more helpful than others in the fight against terrorism PA:Press Association 4 Amber Rudd pictured talking on the Andrew Marr show about Tory security plans But she warned: “The area that I am most concerned about is the internet companies who are continuing to publish the hate publications, the hate material that is contributing to radicalising people in this country.” She added: “What we are doing is challenging the people who are delivering end-to-end encryption to work with us so that we have a way of keeping people safe. “Nobody wants terrorists to have a safe place to exchange information and to be able to plot their terrible atrocities.” SHOW YOUR SUPPORT FOR THE VICTIMS OF THE MANCHESTER ARENA ATTACK We have launched a Together With Manchester appeal – to raise money for families of the victims of the Arena bomb. News UK, publisher of The Sun, has made a corporate donation of £100,000 to the appeal. Here’s how you can show your support…. ONLINE: www.justgiving.com/TogetherWithManchester TEXT: Text TWMC50 and amount to 70070 – eg TWMC50 £5 (you can donate £1, £2, £3, £4, £5 or £10) Amber Rudd attacks Diane Abbott for claim on changing her IRA views The Sun Topics amber rudd Conservative Party counter-terrorism Manchester terror attack 2017 Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) Comments Comments Most Popular TRAGIC TOT Newborn baby girl dies after trainee midwife mistakenly monitors MUM'S heart rate instead of the child's News seconds from slaughter ISIS claims responsibility for London Bridge terror attack as chilling video shows jihadi killers stalking pubs looking for revellers to slaughter in deadly rampage News 'OLIVIA WOULDN'T WANT US TO CRY' Ariana Grande pays tribute to Manchester terror victim Olivia Campbell, 15, in front of 50,000 defiant fans before emotional performance with schoolgirl, 12 News DODGING DEATH Tourist reveals he survived London Bridge terror attack by 'ducking and weaving' after being stabbed in the neck News Revealed BRAINWASHED ON YOUTUBE? Ex-Tube worker and Arsenal-supporting family man 'Abz' who tried to radicalise young kids in park 'watched extremist YouTube videos' before London Bridge rampage News body makeover Alex Reid drops ten per cent of his body fat to take part in a bodybuilding competition TV & Showbiz GRANDE GESTURE Ariana Grande changed whole Manchester One Love set list for fan who passed away TV & Showbiz Pictured 'SHE HAD ROOM IN HER HEART FOR EVERYONE' First picture of 'beautiful and loving' Canadian charity worker killed in London Bridge terror attack after moving to Europe to be with her fiancé News Exclusive holiday reading Antonio Conte is spending summer break poring over Chelsea player data... to avoid repeat of Jose Mourinho's disastrous title defence Football Comment DOUGLAS MURRAY Never mind singing John Lennon songs... if we want peace then we need one thing - less Islam News PHONIES EXPOSED Hilarious gallery reveals the cheaters who were caught out by some VERY awkward text fails Living BOUNCER'S BRAVE CHARGE Doorman 'saved countless lives' by pelting jihadis with bottles, glasses and bar stools and driving them into gun cops' sights News Exclusive this gnawing Holly Willoughby and Phillip Schofield furious after plagues of mice and moths invade This Morning set TV & Showbiz ‘THE WOLVES HAVE AWAKENED’ Sick ISIS thugs celebrate London Bridge terror rampage and call for more attacks News DEAD MEN WALKING London Bridge attack killers filmed striding calmly through market ‘like outlaws from a Western’ News Just Published Breaking TERROR IN DAGENHAM Gunfire heard in Dagenham as armed cops detain several people during swoop on 'terror suspects' News Pictured 'SHE HAD ROOM IN HER HEART FOR EVERYONE' First picture of 'beautiful and loving' Canadian charity worker killed in London Bridge terror attack after moving to Europe to be with her fiancé News FEARS FOR MISSING SPANIARD Spanish HSBC worker, 39, who confronted London bridge attacker as he stabbed woman near Borough Market is still missing News Revealed BRAINWASHED ON YOUTUBE? Ex-Tube worker and Arsenal-supporting family man 'Abz' who tried to radicalise young kids in park 'watched extremist YouTube videos' before London Bridge rampage News THE SUN SAYS Your choice is clear - a PM who will root out extremists or one who has made a career cheering them on News Video 'BRITISH SPIRIT CAPTURED IN SIX SECONDS' Heartwarming moment uniformed cop melts hearts by dancing with young fans at Manchester tribute concert in wake of terror attacks News TOO SOON? Jeremy Corbyn attacks PM over terror and police cuts accusing her of trying to protect Brits on the cheap News Moaner's booze gaffe Dozy motorist who followed a cop to a police station to complain about his driving is arrested for being over booze limit News Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) By continuing to use the site, you agree to the use of cookies. You can change this and find out more by following this link Close Follow The Sun Services Sign Up To The Sun Terms and Conditions Editorial Complaints Clarifications and Corrections Syndication Advertising Contact Us Commissioning Terms Help Hub Topic A-Z Sell Your Story ©News Group Newspapers Limited in England No. 679215 Registered office: 1 London Bridge Street, London, SE1 9GF. "The Sun", "Sun", "Sun Online" are registered trademarks or trade names of News Group Newspapers Limited. This service is provided on News Group Newspapers' Limited's Standard Terms and Conditions in accordance with our Privacy & Cookie Policy. To inquire about a licence to reproduce material, visit our Syndication site. View our online Press Pack. For other inquiries, Contact Us. To see all content on The Sun, please use the Site Map. The Sun website is regulated by the Independent Press Standards Organisation (IPSO) Our journalists strive for accuracy but on occasion we make mistakes. For further details of our complaints policy and to make a complaint please click here.
Home Today Today Culture Arts & Entertainment Health & Wellness Native Recipes Pow Wows Social Issues Sports Thing About Skins History Events Genealogy People Sacred Places Traditional Societies Education Native American Students Native Education Native Studies/Tribal Colleges News Business Cartoons Environment First Nations Indigenous Peoples Native News Opinions Politics Veterans Travel Casinos & Resorts Destinations Free Reports Article Archive Calendar Classifieds Directories Nations Education Books Magazine My Library About Us Account Advertising Authors Browse Topics Contact Us Frequently Asked Questions Glossary Keyword Index Privacy Policy Site Map Terms of Use Sign In Register Subscribe Home Today Culture Education History News Travel Calendar Classifieds Directories Nations Education Free Reports Books Magazine My Library Trading Post Sign In Register Subscribe Native News The Week That Was: The Big Stories in Indian Country, May 28, 2017 A budget boondoggle, a bison bonanza and more DAPL this past week in Indian country ICMN Staff • May 28, 2017 A federal budget boondoggle for Indian country, a Google Doodle nod, and a bison bonanza, all in the Week That Was, May 28, 2017. BUDGET BOONDOGGLE: President Donald Trump proposed a federal budget that will cause “tremendous fiscal pain” to Indian country if passed, wrote Kevin K. Washburn, former Assistant Secretary of Indian Affairs at the U.S. Department of the Interior. MARCH AGAINST MONSANTO: While Trump and his cronies and relatives line their pockets and cut the national coffers, people are still pushing back against the practice of equating corporate profit with public prosperity. Most recently was the sixth annual worldwide march against Monsanto, which took place in 200 cities throughout more than 60 countries. The marchers were protesting the pesticides and genetically modified foods that the corporate giant is notorious for producing. DAPL DOOM: The giant bank corporation U.S. Bank has amended its Environmental Responsibility Policy to ban funding oil and gas pipelines. And a big-data analysis revealed that contrary to the protestations of pipeline companies about their adherence to safety, spills happen all the time. And in the bombshell department, The Intercept published an investigation showing the lengths—and depths—that Energy Transfer Partners went to in monitoring and interfering with water protectors at Standing Rock. GOOGLE DOODLE DOO: Google Doodle acknowledged Mohawk activist Richard Oakes on what would have been his 75th birthday. During much of the ’60s and ’70s, Oakes, an alumni of San Francisco State University, peacefully protested for the rights and recognition of Native American peoples. Born on May 22, 1942 in Akwesasne, New York, he was murdered at age 30. BEARS EARS DOS AND DON’TS: Confusion has reigned over what can and can’t be done at Bears Ears National Monument. There is, in fact, a FAQ issued by the Bureau of Land Management that details some Bears Ears dos and don’ts. Some want the designation rescinded. BISON BONANZA: First a buffalo calf was born on the Wind River Reservation in Wyoming, the first progeny of a herd the Eastern Shoshone and Northern Arapaho tribes received last year. Then the Bronx Zoo in New York City, which had received eight bison from the Fort Peck Indian Reservation last November, welcomed no fewer than six calves. SUFFERING SALMONIDS: A new study found that most of the migrating salmon and trout in California could become extinct within a century if stronger measures are not taken to save them now. Nearly half of all salmon species face extinction in 50 years if trends in the state stay the same, scientific assessment found. THIS WEEK IN CULTURAL APPROPRIATION: A 42-foot tall totem pole carved by Brad Bolton, a white man with no traditional training in Native carving, was nixed by the board of the Oregon Country Fair in Veneta, Oregon, after carving-family members of the Siletz, Grand Ronde and several other tribes spoke out against it, one of them calling it “the worst appropriation I’ve ever seen.” Tangental to the appropriation theme is that of racism, which came up when a woman put herself in redface at a parade—she said it was theater, the ACLU and Natives said, Um, no. NATIVE FOSTER HOMES NEEDED: During National Foster Care Month, tribal nations have been raising awareness about the need for more Native foster homes in the United States, reports Suzette Brewer. One of the major areas of focus this year has been addressing the shortage of certified Native homes for children in state custody, as the majority of tribal children in foster care are in non-Native placements. THERE’S AN APP FOR THAT: Indian Country Media Network has launched its new digital books publication platform, with its first title The Bering Strait Theory, by historian Alexander Ewen (Purepecha), available for sale at Indiancountrymedianetwork/books. In addition, having achieved the milestone of receiving approval to be sold on the Apple’s app store, Indian Country magazine is now available for reading on the iPad, and subscriptions are available in the more than 230 countries served by iTunes newsstand around the world. Intergenerational Trauma: Understanding Natives’ Inherited Pain Download our free report, Intergenerational Trauma: Understanding Natives’ Inherited Pain, to understand this fascinating concept. Related Articles The Week That Was: The Big Stories in Indian Country, June 4, 2017 Archambault Acquitted on DAPL Charges How Did I Miss That? Ariana Grande Photoshopped and Second-Hand Smoke of Ceremony The Rising Homegrown Terror Threat On the Right TigerSwan, Counter-Terrorism and NoDAPL: 10 Astonishing Revelations in ‘The Intercept’ Report Tags alexander ewen, Arapaho, Bears Ears, bering strait, bering strait theory, bison, cultural appropriation, DAPL, Donald Trump, fort peck indian reservation, in native, indian, indian country, indian country magazine, indian country media, indian country media network, indian reservation, native, native american, native american peoples, native homes, Siletz, Standing Rock, suzette brewer, the bering strait theory, tribal, tribal nations, Water Protectors, wind river reservation. Comments First L. May 29, 2017 Thank you for such a fine magazine I downloaded the info on Trauma and wonder if there are any current articled on Native Vets. Beyond what I downloaded. Log in to Reply Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. You must be logged in to post a comment. Browse Topics Culture Arts & Entertainment Health & Wellness Native Recipes Pow Wows Social Issues Sports Thing About Skins History Events Genealogy People Sacred Places Traditional Societies Education Native American Students Native Education Native Studies/Tribal Colleges News Business Cartoons Environment First Nations Indigenous Peoples Native News Opinions Politics Veterans Travel Casinos & Resorts Destinations Free Reports 101 Tips for Landing Native American Scholarships and Grants for College 50 Must-See Modern Native American Movies and Performances Sitting Bull, Crazy Horse, Geronimo, Tecumseh and other Heroes of Native Resistance Intergenerational Trauma: Understanding Natives’ Inherited Pain Native Resorts, Spas and Casinos that Support and Reflect the Spirit of their Communities Interested in more information on Native Indian Nation? Visit Our Nations Directory Credit Card Identification Number This number is recorded as an additional security precaution. American Express 4 digit, non-embossed number printed above your account number on the front of your card. Visa 3-digit, non-embossed number printed on the signature panel on the of the card immediately following the card account number. MasterCard 3-digit, non-embossed number printed on the signature panel on the back of the card. × Enter Your Log In Credentials Email Password Remember Me Lost your password? Create New Password No password? Sign up × × Indian Country Media Network 5218 Patrick Road Verona, NY 13478 © 2017 Indian Country Today Media Network, all rights reserved. Today Culture Education History News Travel Free Reports Sitting Bull, Crazy Horse, Geronimo, Tecumseh and other Heroes of Native Resistance 101 Tips for Landing Native American Scholarships and Grants for College Intergenerational Trauma: Understanding Natives’ Inherited Pain More Free Reports Calendar Classifieds Directories Books Magazine My Library Browse Topics Article Archive Keyword Index Glossary Contact Us Advertising About Us Frequently Asked Questions Privacy Policy Terms of Use Account Authors Today Culture History Education News Travel Indian Country Media Network 5218 Patrick Road Verona, NY 13478 © 2017 Indian Country Today Media Network, all rights reserved. Total: 7 25 2 0 1 2 2 7 Share Tweet +1 Pin LinkedIn Digg Del StumbleUpon Tumblr VKontakte Print Email Flattr Reddit Share Love Weibo Pocket Xing Odnoklassniki ManageWP.org WhatsApp Meneame Blogger Amazon Yahoo Mail Gmail AOL Newsvine HackerNews Evernote MySpace Mail.ru Viadeo Line Flipboard Comments Yummly SMS Viber Telegram Subscribe Skype Facebook Messenger Kakao LiveJournal x Send this to friendYour emailRecipient emailYour message Hi, I thought you might find this interesting: The Week That Was: The Big Stories in Indian Country, May 28, 2017 URL: https://indiancountrymedianetwork.com/news/native-news/week-indian-country-may-28-2017/ SendCancel
LinkedIn Sign in Join now Main content starts below. When Bias in Product Design Means Life or Death Published on November 16, 2016 Carol Reiley FollowFollowingUnfollowCarol Reiley Sign in to follow this author During my PhD studies, I had programmed a demo using Microsoft’s speech recognition API to build a human-robot interface to showcase our autonomous surgical robotic system. But, because the API had been built mainly by 20–30 year old men, it did not recognize my voice. I had to forcibly lower my pitch in order for it to work. As a result, I was not able to present my own work. Although I had built the demo, when showing the system to distinguished visitors at the university, we would always ask a male graduate student to lead the demo because the speech system recognized their voice but not mine. AI speech recognition systems have improved dramatically since the early 2000s, but there are still many struggles with AI products. This is problematic when your target customers fall in one of these groups, such as when Hello Barbie, Mattel’s artificially intelligent Barbie, struggled to recognize the voices of the very children intended to play with it (this on top of the highly controversial and even sexist content Hello Barbie was programmed with). While Hello Barbie and my own AI experience during my PhD studies were both disappointing, they point to much heavier consequences in the larger picture. The lack of diversity and inclusion in AI, and in overall product development, is not merely a social or cultural concern. There is a blindspot in the development process that affects the general public. When applied to products where safety is a factor, it becomes a question of life and death. My intention is not to simply complain about the lack of diversity in engineering. However, because of the dire consequences, I cannot stand quietly by and feel it’s my duty to push the industry towards change, especially as AI becomes an increasingly large part of our lives. Bias in Automotive Design and Safety Every time you step into a vehicle, you’re putting your life into the hands of the people who made the design and engineering decisions behind every feature. When the people making those decisions don’t understand or account for your needs, your life is at risk. Historically, automotive product design and development has been largely defined by men. In the 1960s, the vehicular test crash protocol called for testing with dummies modeled after the average male with its height, weight, and stature falling in the 50th percentile. This meant seatbelts were designed to be safe for men and, for years, we sold cars that were largely unsafe for women, especially pregnant women. Consequently, female drivers are 47% more likely to be seriously injured in a car crash.Thankfully, this is starting to shift — in 2011, the first female crash test dummies were required in safety testing — but we are still building on 50+ years of dangerous design practices for automobiles. Gender is only one area where there is a serious lack of diversity in design and engineering. This is equally problematic when it comes to race, ethnicity, socioeconomic class, sexual orientation, and more. For example, Google’s computer vision system labeled African Americans as gorillas, while Microsoft’s vision system was reported to fail to recognize darker skinned people. Today, one of the most prominent applications of computer vision is self-driving cars, which rely on these systems to recognize and make sense of the world around them. If these systems don’t recognize people of every race as human, there will be serious safety implications. I hope we never live in a future where self-driving cars are more likely to hit one racial group or prioritize the life of some races over others. Unfortunately, when a single homogeneous group is designing and engineering the vast majority of technology, they will consciously and unconsciously pass on their own biases. A Wider Inclusion Problem Beyond transportation, we are relying on technology for basic needs like food, communication, education, and much more. For us to live in an equal society, our technology must serve and treat all segments equally. Let’s acknowledge that there is a widespread diversity and inclusion problem with AI today. It doesn’t take more than a quick Google search to uncover a handful of disappointing occasions where we’ve seen AI blatantly discriminate against one group, including: Microsoft’s Tay, an AI “teenage” chatbot which learned from interactions. Within 24 hours of being exposed to the public, Tay took on a racist, sexist, homophobic personality and had to be taken for an indefinite time-out. Apple HealthKit which enabled specialized tracking, such as selenium and copper intake, but neglected to include a women’s period tracker until iOS 9. A study conducted by Lancaster University which concluded that Google’s search engine creates an echo chamber for negative stereotypes regarding race, ethnicity and gender. When you type in the words, “Are women…” into Google, its autocomplete choices are “…a minority,” “…evil,” “…allowed in combat,” or, last but not least, “…attracted to money.” Despite these recent blunders, Silicon Valley has simply moved past denial to acceptance. That’s not good enough. We need to take direct and actionable steps toward changing AI culture and creating products that are safe for all segments of society. So how do we do that? Safer Products Begin with Diverse Teams While one segment can have a certain level of empathy when developing products for others, we have seen time and again how having a homogenous team results in designs biased toward that particular group. It’s tempting to think that the sheer size of data available can get around the issue. Unfortunately, that’s not the case. These algorithms works by comparing one data model to similar ones from the past and it takes a healthy dose of human judgment to figure out what the right context for a particular data model is. Engineering teams have a significant hand in defining these models and, thereby, the resulting technology. Even the most well-intentioned developers can be simply unaware of their own narrow perspective and how that may unconsciously affect the products they create. For example, white men often overestimate the presence and impact of minorities. Geena Davis Institute for Gender in Media found that white men viewing a crowd with 17% women perceived it to be 50–50, and when it was 33% women, they perceived it to be majority women. A simple overestimation like this illustrates how difficult it can be to see the world from another’s perspective. Because software engineering, especially in the nascent self-driving car space, is a high paying career path, many have advanced the cause of giving more minority groups these opportunities. However, there’s an even more important reason for minority groups to work in the autonomous driving field — the opportunity to design products that will impact and improve millions of diverse lives equally. I encourage all tech companies to (as a start): -first be aware and honest about the current state of diversity on their engineering, product, and leadership teams. But awareness doesn’t provide solutions to the problem. -Set trackable metrics and goals quarter by quarter. It’s important to bake-in inclusion requirements from day one and for it to be a key consideration, if not a priority, as the company and product develops.  -Product teams need to do early and iterative end-user testing. Constantly. And from day one. -Every employee at the company needs to make their voice heard even if they aren’t the ones designing or coding the product. Companies also need to create an ecosystem to encourage, listen, and to implement changes from these voices. I welcome feedback and other insights/suggestions others have. The lack of diversity in AI is not merely a social or cultural concern. It’s really a life or death safety issue. To build safer products that recognize the equal value and humanity of all people, we must first have diverse perspectives and voices from a diverse team. I refuse to believe that it’s harder to hire minority candidates than it is to build self-driving cars. Originally published in Techcrunch FollowFollowingUnfollowCarol Reiley Sign in to follow this author Carol Reiley 1 article Looking for more of the latest headlines on LinkedIn?Discover more stories Sign up Help Center About Press Blog Developers Careers Advertising Talent Solutions Sales Solutions Small Business Mobile Language Bahasa Indonesia Bahasa Malaysia Čeština Dansk Deutsch English Español 繁體中文 Français 한국어 Italiano 简体中文 Nederlands 日本語 Norsk Polski Português Română Русский Svenska Tagalog ภาษาไทย Türkçe العربية SlideShare Online Learning LinkedIn Influencers Search Jobs Directories Members Jobs Pulse Topics Companies Groups Universities Titles ProFinder LinkedIn Corporation © 2017 User Agreement Privacy Policy Community Guidelines Cookie Policy Copyright Policy Unsubscribe
Close Skip to main content The Guardian - Back to home Become a Supporter news opinion sport arts life Menu news headlines US news world news science US politics business environment money tech obituaries opinion opinion home the guardian view columnists cartoons opinion videos Jill Abramson Jessica Valenti Steven W Thrasher Trevor Timm Rebecca Carroll Chelsea E Manning sport sport home soccer NFL tennis MLB MLS NBA NHL arts culture home film books music art & design tv & radio stage classical games life lifestyle home fashion food recipes love & sex home & garden health & fitness women family travel money What term do you want to search? become a supporter subscribe Sign in/up my account Comment activity Edit profile Email preferences Change password Sign out US edition switch to the UK edition switch to the Australia edition switch to the International edition jobs the guardian app podcasts video pictures newsletters crosswords Facebook Twitter UK UK politics education media society law scotland more sign in Comment activity Edit profile Email preferences Change password Sign out become a supporter subscribe search jobs US edition switch to the UK edition switch to the Australia edition switch to the International edition The Guardian - Back to home home › media home US politics world opinion sports soccer tech arts lifestyle fashion business travel environment browse all sections close Privacy & the media Publishers call for rethink of proposed changes to online privacy laws Warning that new regulations will give Google, Apple and Facebook too much control of advertising and personal data Publishers argue that new regulations relating to cookies would leave digital giants such as Google and Facebook in control. Photograph: Yui Mok/PA Privacy & the media Publishers call for rethink of proposed changes to online privacy laws Warning that new regulations will give Google, Apple and Facebook too much control of advertising and personal data Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email View more sharing options Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Close Mark Sweney @marksweney email Sunday 28 May 2017 19.01 EDT An alliance of news publishers has called on European regulators to rethink proposed changes to online privacy laws, arguing that they will potentially kill their digital businesses and give Google, Apple and Facebook too much control of advertising and personal data. More than two dozen leading publishers – including the Financial Times, Guardian, Le Monde, Spiegel, Telegraph, Daily Mail and Les Echoes – have signed a letter to the European parliament, which is deliberating proposals to tighten up how data is gathered and used by web companies. The publishers argue that new regulations relating to “cookies” – small files that remember users’ digital habits therefore allowing the targeting of relevant ads – could cut off their ability to build digital revenue. Currently, when users visit an individual website or app they are asked if they will consent to a cookietracking them. Under the European commission’s plans, consumers will in the future instead be asked to make a single choice to accept, or reject, cookies from all websites and apps only on one single occasion on their phone or browser. Publishers argue that creating a single “switch” will most likely result in consumers taking the simplest route of opting out of all cookies, leaving them with scant information to support their targeted advertising models. In turn, this would leave the few digital giants used by most consumers to access the web, and those like Facebook that have their own giant data mining capability, in control. “Given that 90% of [digital] usage across Europe is concentrated in the hands of just four companies: Google, Apple, Microsoft and Mozilla, this [proposal]... has the potential to exacerbate the asymmetry of power between individual publishers and these global digital gateways,” the letter says. “The current ePrivacy proposals will result in the data of European digital citizens being concentrated in the hands of a few global companies, as a result of which digital citizens will become less protected. It will give those global companies a tighter grip on the personal data of European digital citizens.” Under the proposals, publishers would be allowed to lobby consumers to go into their settings and unblock individual sites and “white list” them, but news organisations believe that in practice this would prove to be an extremely difficult task. The proposal has been compared to the ad-blocking battle in which publishers ask the increasing number of those who use the software to turn it off, or add their businesses to a white list, explaining how advertising is essential income for many digital news businesses. The proposals are likely to further exacerbate the huge issue publishers already face as Google and Facebook sweep up as much as 90% of all new digital display advertising. “The practice of serving relevant advertising to readers is now an established norm in the advertising industry, and is essential to ensure that publishers can compete with Google and Facebook who already control 20% of total global advertising spend,” the letter says. “If as a result of these proposals news publishers were unable to serve relevant advertising to our readers, this would reduce our ability to compete with the capabilities of dominant digital platforms for digital advertising revenues, ultimately undermining our ability to invest in high quality journalism across Europe,” the letter says. In recent months, Google, which owns YouTube, and Facebook have faced a barrage of criticism for allowing ads to run next to inappropriate content such as extremist videos. The companies have also faced a number of issues that have hurt their previously unquestioned ability to accurately target ads, such as brands being charged for ads viewed by “bots”, computer programmes mimicking an internet user, and Facebook admitting to a number of measurement errors. “The Commission’s ePrivacy proposals will make it more difficult to ensure transparency ... and remove any distinction between publishers who place a high value on trust of their users, and those who do not,” the publishers’ letter says. However, the bad press has so far failed to dent their popularity with advertisers with Google and Facebook enjoying a near duopoly of control of the £11bn UK digital advertising market. Publishers say that they support the overall objective of the draft “ePrivacy” regulation, which they say has the “potential to clean up the digital economy”, but they need to compete on a fair playing field. “Citizens are rightly concerned about the use of their personal data by third-party companies of whom they have never heard, and have no idea about the role that they play in their digital lives online,” the letter says. “[But] the commission’s proposals threaten to prevent news organisations from delivering basic functionality such as the marketing of products and services, the tailoring of news products to the needs and desires of news consumers, and relevant and acceptable advertising.” Topics Privacy & the media Privacy news Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Reuse this content most viewed The Guardian back to top home US politics world opinion sports soccer tech arts lifestyle fashion business travel environment all sections close home US politics world UK europe americas asia middle east africa australia cities development opinion sports soccer MLS NFL MLB NBA NHL soccer live scores tables competitions results fixtures clubs tech arts movies tv & radio music games books art & design stage classical lifestyle food recipes health & fitness love & sex family women home & garden fashion business economics sustainable business diversity & equality in business small business travel USA europe UK environment climate change wildlife energy pollution science media selected crosswords blog editor quick cryptic prize quiptic genius speedy everyman azed weekend video Media › Privacy & the media UK UK politics education media society law scotland back to top become a supporter make a contribution Facebook Twitter jobs guardian labs subscribe all topics all contributors solve technical issue about us advertise with us contact us work for us complaints & corrections terms & conditions privacy policy cookie policy securedrop © 2017 Guardian News and Media Limited or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved.
msn back to msn home money search money search web search Sign in Change language & content: América Latina (español) Argentina (español) Australia (English) België (Nederlands) Belgique (français) Brasil (português) Canada (English) Canada (français) Chile (español) Colombia (español) Danmark (Dansk) Deutschland (Deutsch) España (español) France (français) India (English) Indonesia (Bahasa Indonesia) Ireland (English) Italia (italiano) Malaysia (English) México (español) Nederland (Nederlands) New Zealand (English) Norge (norsk, bokmål) Österreich (Deutsch) Perú (español) Philippines (English) Polska (polski) Portugal (Português) Schweiz (Deutsch) Singapore (English) South Africa (English) Suisse (français) Suomi (suomi) Sverige (svenska) Türkiye (Türkçe) United Arab Emirates (English) United Kingdom (English) United States (English) United States (español) Venezuela (español) Việt Nam (Tiếng Việt) Ελλάδα (ελληνικά) Россия (Pусский) ישראל (עברית)‏ الإمارات العربية المتحدة (العربية‏) المملكة العربية السعودية (العربية‏) مصر (العربية‏) ไทย (ไทย) 한국 (한국어) 中华人民共和国 (简体中文) 台灣 (繁體中文) 日本 (日本語) 香港特别行政區 (繁體中文) Switch to Latino (Español) Feedback Help Today Markets Investing Personal Finance Real Estate Careers Small Business My Watchlist Mortgages Credit Cards Tools Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video Top Stocks Retirement Mutual Funds and ETFs Small Business Expert Voices Credit First-Time Homebuyers Guide Stock Picks Today's 52-Week Highs Today's 52-Week Lows Volume Shockers Price Shockers High-yield Stocks The Best Blue-Chip Stocks AdChoices Amazon and Alphabet near '$1,000 Stock Club' USA TODAY Adam Shell 5/28/2017 SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL Why bottled water is one of the biggest scams of the century 10 iconic American companies owned by Chinese investors © Provided by USA Today Wall Street's exclusive "$1,000 Stock Club" could soon be welcoming two new members. Quotes in the article Amazon.com Inc AMZN ▲ 1,006.73 +10.78 +1.08% Berkshire Hathaway Inc BRK.A ▼ 249,660.00 -340.00 -0.14% The stock prices of online retailer Amazon.com and Google parent Alphabet are within a few bucks of $1,000, the latest sign that big, dominant tech companies are driving the U.S. market higher. At their peak Friday, Amazon (AMZN) shares hovered around $999, while internet search giant Alphabet topped $996. (Google first crossed the $1,000 threshold in 2013.) So should Main Street investors cheer when a company passes the $1,000 milestone, or worry? Many Wall Street pros say the figure is just a marker that catches people's attention and has little bearing on the future performance of either the companies or market. But these fast-rising stock prices do raise some yellow flags, even for people with index funds diversified across the broad U.S. economy. For sure, topping a share price of $1,000 is a "trophy" for companies and a clear "sign of success, domination and growth," says Dan Seiver, professor of economics at Cal Poly, San Luis Obispo, in California. Only seven U.S. stocks are trading above that milestone, according to S&P Dow Jones Indices, but three generate very little trading activity. Warren Buffett's Berkshire Hathaway (BRK.A) is the highest-priced stock at $248,540 as of Friday's close Amazon, which is up more than 30% this year and 1,500% since the current bull market for stocks began in 2009, is riding its success as a dominant force in shopping and as a key player in artificial intelligence, where it is best known for its Echo device. Amazon is also huge in the fast-growing "cloud" computing business. Alphabet's Google is the biggest player in the online ad search space.  One potential negative is that Amazon's and Alphabet's commanding positions are the latest signs that the U.S. stock market is being driven by a few big stocks, which makes it vulnerable if they fall out of favor and their shares turn lower. Load Error Major stock indexes like the Standard & Poor's 500 and Nasdaq are weighted by a company's market value. That means the more valuable the company, the bigger the effect it has on the index, both up and down. The five biggest stocks in the S&P 500 (Amazon ranks No. 2 and Alphabet is No. 5) have accounted for nearly one-third of the large-company index's 8% gain this year, says Howard Silverblatt, senior index analyst at S&P Dow Jones Indices. "It tells you how much narrower the market has become and how much influence (Amazon and Alphabet) have on the stock indexes," says Gary Kaltbaum, president of Kaltbaum Capital Management. If this trend continues, it could be a cause for concern, as "eventually the market (takes down) the big dogs." Michael Farr, president of money-management firm Farr Miller & Washington, warns that investors buying "passive" funds that track indexes like the S&P 500 might have more exposure to tech than they think. "The investment implications of this trend are profound," Farr says. "Investors who think they're getting broad exposure through the purchase of an ETF that tracks the S&P 500 may not know that they are heavily concentrated in a few stocks."   A market led by a small group of highly valued companies, he adds, could be a sign of an "aging" bull market. "Participation by a broader base of stocks in a wide range of industries shows conviction in the economic outlook," Farr explains, "as well as the ability of U.S. companies to grow earnings." When a stock gets very high, it's also less affordable for individual investors. "It makes the stock a little less accessible in the eye of the retail investor," says Lindsey Bell, market strategist at CFRA, a Wall Street research firm. When a company gets as expensive as Amazon, she believes it should consider splitting its stock to make it more affordable, as Amazon did three times in the late 1990s. And Apple, for example, in June 2014, did a 7-for-1 stock split which increased its pool of shares by seven times and reduced each share's price from roughly $645 to $92. Paul Hickey, co-founder of Bespoke Investment Group, sees one benefit to a stock being out of reach for most investors: "It could lessen volatility (or wild price swings)," he says. "With a higher share price, there is a tendency to see less 'fast' money going in and out of the stock." One Wall Street pro equates pricey shares with a frothy market.  "When I hear a stock is at $1,000 I always think it's a bubble no matter what the company," says Chris Rupkey, chief financial economist at MUFG Union Bank. Alphabet is trading at nearly 35 times earnings, nearly double the price-to-earnings ratio of the S&P 500. Amazon's P-E is north of 180 times earnings. "These stock valuations are pretty high," Rupkey says. "Investors better hope these two companies business models are sustainable for the long haul." Go to MSN Home Go to MSN Money Join the conversation Report Abuse Report inappropriate content Sorry! There was a problem. Please try again. Help us maintain a healthy and vibrant community by reporting any illegal or inappropriate behavior that violates MSN’s Code of Conduct. Select a category Spam Child pornography or exploitation Profanity, vulgarity or obscenity Copyright infringement Harassment or threat Threats of suicide Other Who posted the inappropriate comment (Required) Paste the unacceptable comment here submit Leave your comment AdChoices AdChoices More From USA TODAY Durant, Curry score 65, Warriors take 2-0 lead USA TODAY 12 arrested after London attack; ISIS claims responsibility USA TODAY Britain attacks: Lack of pattern puts officials on edge USA TODAY USA TODAY View the full site Microsoft Store Offers - Sponsored This Dell has 12GB RAM, graphics card, & more! Listen to music underwater! Pre-order Madden NFL 18 today! ASUS 2-in-1: All day battery, only $249 Feedback © 2017 Microsoft Privacy Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Newsletter Found the story interesting? Like us on Facebook to see similar stories I'm already a fan, don't show this again Send Feedback Provide Feedback Report a Problem We appreciate your input! Select a category: I'm having problems with Top Destinations I'm having issues searching I'm having problems with Featured Apps I see an error in the content Other How we can improve? Please give an overall site rating: Submit Close Privacy Statement Help Help & Support
News & Reviews Last 7 Days Select a Make Select a Make Select a Model Select a Model SEARCH Car Advice Select a Make Select a Make Select a Model Select a Model CAR REVIEWS CAR REVIEWS CAR COMPARISONS LONG-TERM REPORTS LIFESTYLE REVIEWS SPEED DATE REVIEWS TOP 5 CARS OWNER CAR REVIEWS COMPARE SPECS CAR NEWS CAR NEWS PODCAST TIMELINE NEW CAR CALENDAR INDUSTRY SALES RESULTS SHOWROOMS SHOWROOMS GALLERIES VIDEOS MORE FINANCE ADVICE TECHNOLOGY DIY OPINION ASK CAR ADVICE BEST PRICE BOAT ADVICE CONTACT US CONTACT US ADVERTISE ABOUT US CAREERS AUTHORS COMMUNITY GUIDELINES Select a Make Select a Make Select a Model Select a Model SEARCH RESEARCH A CAR OR Search Reviews Select a Make Select a Make Select a Model Select a Model Search Search by Bodytype & Price Small Cars Medium Cars Large Cars People Movers UTE SUV Sports Cars Convertibles Luxury Cars Min Price Min Price $0 $10,000 $15,000 $20,000 $25,000 $30,000 $40,000 $50,000 $60,000 $70,000 $80,000 $90,000 $100,000 $120,000 $150,000 $200,000+ Max Price Max Price $0 $10,000 $15,000 $20,000 $25,000 $30,000 $40,000 $50,000 $60,000 $70,000 $80,000 $90,000 $100,000 $120,000 $150,000 $200,000+ Search Car News 24 Comments Google’s Waymo is speeding away in autonomous vehicle progress ARTICLE PHOTOS by James Wong Journalist 7 days ago Waymo, the self-driving division of global technology giant Google, appears to be leaving other companies in the dust when it comes to autonomous vehicle development – according to new reports out of the US. CNBC reports that Waymo, owned by Google’s parent Alphabet, is charging ahead of companies like Ford and Tesla in its driverless vehicle development. The most recent data (from six months ago) shows the firm had driven 635,867 miles (1,023,328km), with the average failure rate sitting at 5127 miles (8251km) per disengagement – the moment when the human supervisor must re-take control to prevent an incident. Meanwhile, Ford – which plans to introduce its driverless fleet around 2021 – had only driven 590 miles (949km), with a failure rate of 196 miles (315km) per disengagement. It is worth noting, however, that these numbers are specific to California, and Ford does much of its testing in Michigan. Above: Ford Fusion with autonomous sensor systems Google has driven over 1000 times more miles autonomously in California than the US automotive giant, with other companies like Tesla (550 miles, 3 miles/disengagement) and Mercedes-Benz (673 miles, 2 miles/disengagement) also lagging behind. Of all the car companies, General Motors (GM) has completed the most distance using autonomous technology (9668 miles), while BMW has the best failure rate (638 miles/disengagement). Earlier this week Ford’s Smart Mobility chief, Jim Hackett, was promoted to the CEO role after former boss Mark Fields retired, hinting that the Blue Oval is wanting to put more focus on driverless technology, especially considering the company was so bold in its forecast of a 2021 introduction for its autonomous ride-sharing fleet. According to the report, Waymo has a fleet of around 60 autonomous-capable vehicles – which includes the Chrysler Pacifica people mover (top) – while Ford only has a pair of Fusion sedans (known here as the Mondeo). MORE: Autonomous vehicle coverage MORE: Ford news, reviews, comparisons and video MORE: Google news MORE: Waymo news SHARE THIS ARTICLE RELATED VIDEOS Toyota Yaris v Mazda2 comparison Porsche Sport Driving School Master Class review CarAdvice News Desk: The weekly wrap for June 2, 2017 2018 Volvo XC60 review BEST SELLING CARS 1 Toyota HiLux 2 Ford Ranger 3 Toyota Corolla 4 Mazda 3 5 Mazda CX-5 6 Hyundai i30 7 Toyota Camry 8 Holden Colorado 9 Toyota Landcruiser 10 Hyundai Tucson CAR REVIEWS Car Reviews Car Comparisons Owner Car Reviews Compare Specs   Car News Showrooms Videos Our Picks CONTACT US Contact Us Advertise About Us Careers Authors FOLLOW US ON Facebook Twitter Youtube Google+ Instagram Podcast Subscribe CarAdvice Copyright 2006 - 2017 | CarAdvice.com Limited | ABN: 84 116 608 158 | Terms and Conditions | Privacy Policy Partner site Boat Reviews, News and Videos Unless otherwise stated, all prices are shown as Manufacturer's Recommended List Price (MRLP) inclusive of GST, exclusive of options and on road costs. 1496625796 - 0.2.680
PhoneDog Android And Me TodaysiPhone NEW Call T-Mobile at (855) 668-8976 TmoNews Unofficial T-Mobile Blog, News, Videos, Articles and more Navigation Home Submit News 700MHz LTE map Upcoming Phones HOT TOPICS: Samsung Galaxy Note 7 LG V20 Google Pixel Extended Range LTE Android 7.0 Nougat You are here: Home > T-Mobile offers to pay for Verizon switchers’ phones, two-lines-for-one deal also coming T-Mobile offers to pay for Verizon switchers’ phones, two-lines-for-one deal also coming May 24, 2017 Alex Wagner 108 Comments Yesterday T-Mobile CEO John Legere teased that T-Mo had multiple announcements coming up, and today a couple of them have been made. Starting May 31st, T-Mobile will kick off its #GetOutoftheRed promotion to help Verizon customers switch to T-Mo. Verizon customers in good standing with their carrier can get their iPhone or Google Pixel paid off by T-Mobile when they switch to T-Mobile and sign up for T-Mobile One, and they can keep their existing device. The phones that qualify for this promotion include the iPhone SE, iPhone 6s, iPhone 6s Plus, iPhone 7, iPhone 7 Plus, Google Pixel, and Google Pixel XL. T-Mobile says that these devices were selected because “phones need certain software to be globally compatible, and some phones don’t yet have that software.” Magenta does say that it’s working with unspecified device makers to make more phones compatible with this promotion. Additionally, Verizon customers switching to T-Mobile must add T-Mo’s Premium Device Protection Plus insurance plan to their device to qualify. This insurance plan costs $15 per month and includes protection against loss, theft, and accidental damage, McAfee ID Protection, McAfee Content Protection, and other features. T-Mobile says that it’ll pay Verizon customers that take advantage of this promotion with a digital prepaid MasterCard card that typically arrives within 15 days. While this #GetOutoftheRed promotion is focused on Verizon customers (because VZW phones are unlocked), T-Mobile is doing something for AT&T and Sprint subscribers, too. Starting on May 31st, AT&T and Sprint customers can switch to T-Mobile and get their existing device paid off when they buy a new phone from T-Mobile on EIP. And unlike Carrier Freedom, those customers won’t be forced to trade in their existing device. Finally, T-Mobile says that starting tomorrow, May 25th, T-Mobile One customers with at least two voice lines can get two additional lines of service for the price of one. The cost of the second line will be offset by a bill credit. Our friends over at Wirefly have a great tool to compare T-Mobile plans against each other and against other plans on the market. Source: T-Mobile Tags: AT&T, Get Out of the Red, Google Pixel, Google Pixel XL, iPhone 6s, iPhone 6s Plus, iPhone 7, iPhone 7 Plus, iPhone SE, John Legere, Sprint, Verizon About Alex Wagner Editorial Director of News and Content for PhoneDog Media. Arsenal, beer, video games. Can be found on Twitter at @alw. View all posts by Alex Wagner → ← T-Mobile Galaxy S6 edge+ update includes security patches, intermittent call failure fix T-Mobile increases deprioritization threshold to 32GB → resource Bill credits, run for your life! (J²) Right… I’d found that the system doesn’t consistently apply these. TylerCameron Yeah their billng process it’s horrible Steve_NYC So true. I actually considered moving to the T-Mobile One Plan even though it would have cost me more money, just to get away from the insanity of their bill credit process. I finally got things straightened out, but I am sure it will be a problem in the future. It’s gotten to the point that I think it’s deliberate. Mike I had a free line from November that I had to call in every month. to get credit. They finally fixed it to be automatic this month. best part I got extra bill credits for months since last November and my bill is now negative so I didn’t have to make a payment this month. Al William So in order to get the free line, you need to have at least a total of 4 voice lines? Corey Jalette You need to have 2 voice lines to get this promo, which you get 2 lines for the price of 1. So in total you end up woth 4 lines, 1st 2 have to be voice, the 2 you’re adding could be whatever you want. So if you’re on the 2/100 plan right now if you add 2 tablets it would be 120 a month (20 per tablet but 1 is free) or if you add 2 voice lines it would be 140 (40 for adding a 3rd line then 4th is free) Al William Thanks for the clarification! So minimum 2 voice lines and the other 2 could be voice or data. I just wish they get rid of these bill credits. Sometimes it’s such a nightmare. Corey Jalette It can be yes but that’s how pretty much everything is done. Just like they had a free line deal in march it’s listed on my account as a free line on us but I still get the charge on my bill, but it’s auto credited. The only time it wasn’t was the first month because I added it before the end of the billing cycle. Cost $49 but they also credited my account manually that one time. Haven’t had an issue since. AWasserberg7 This article mentions Magenta. What *is* Magenta? Is that some cute term of affection for T-Mobile? kev2684 Are you serious? It’s their brand color. VZW = Red AT&T = Blue T-Mobile = Magenta Sprint = Yellow Nobody Special Cricket (umm, green) lol Genecio MetroPCS= Purple Black&Orange= Boost The Waz Just confirmed by T-Force that if you have a 2 for 100 plus a “this ones on us promo” giving you total 3 lines, you will lose your free line if you take advantage of the promotion of 2 for 1 tomorrow. They stated that they have to move you to a different Tmobile One plan….makes no sense since there is only 1 plan…… Corey Jalette This is ONLY if you’re adding a voice line people. If you’re adding tablet/smartwatch/mobile Internet plans that doesn’t affect your phone plan promo of 2/100. Corey Jalette Add 2 tablets with unlimited data on your plan for $20/month. They frequently have a free tablet promo with qualifying data plan. Snatch those up and you’re golden. The Waz Yes this will affect both. IF you have the 2 for 100 and the “this one is on us” free line….you will lose both promotions…confirmed with t force and John directly. Ben Also why can’t the t force reps do this. Seems very simple. chnage to the 4 plan rate, open the C-2 documentation, search this one on us, ask supervisor to open the page, enter the code on my account to reflect the 4th line as being free. And then add the 1 for 2 lines, or 50 percent off a one more line. This way I keep hookup and this one on us promo. and also eligible for future lines down the road. Yea this is very strange Corey Jalette Not the case, I was able to add 1 more tablet line to my plan for half off yesterday. 2/100 all in promo with 1 free tablet line from March. Now 1 more tablet at half off. 4/$110 not including any kickbacks which both phone lines usually stay under 2gb so 4/$90 now. Had to pay the sim/activation charge of $25 +tax, and my first month will cost about $40 for adding midway through billing cycle. Then $10 or less(if kickback is on). Ben Also why can’t the t force reps do this. Seems very simple. chnage to the 4 plan rate, open the C-2 documentation, search this one on us, ask supervisor to open the page, enter the code on my account to reflect the 4th line as being free. And then add the 1 for 2 lines, or 50 percent off a one more line. This way I keep hookup and this one on us promo. and also eligible for future lines down the road. So yea im wondering is anyone can find a loophole or something Andrew Singleton the reason is that you’re on a 2-line promotional plan paying $20 less than everyone else, and you’ve added a line. since you’re unable to add another line on that plan, you are forced to switch to a 3+ line plan, and that will cause activation-related discounts to drop. Corey below is correct, because internet lines (tablet, watch, syncup drive) are their own rate plan and don’t affect your voice configuration. Ben Also why can’t the t force reps do this. Seems very simple. chnage to the 4 plan rate, open the C-2 documentation, search this one on us, ask supervisor to open the page, enter the code on my account to reflect the 4th line as being free. And then add the 1 for 2 lines, or 50 percent off a one more line. This way I keep hookup and this one on us promo. and also eligible for future lines down the road. J Gerard Yeah! Let’s switch to T-MOBILE because we want to not be able to make phone calls half the time, and not have a signal to look something up when we actually need it. Oh yeah, and to not be able to upload pictures of something fun that we’re doing until we’re at home connected to WiFi later that night or the next day. Before any of you “magenta” fans TRIES to defend them… I’ve been a Verizon customer for about 12 years except for 6 months last year, when I switched because of crappy TMobile’s cheap prices and convincing (misleading) advertising. It was HORRIBLE. I used to get pissed and call them to ask why I could never get a signal. After 6 months, I finally admitted to myself that it was a ridiculous mistake and switched back to The Red! NEVER any issues with Verizon’s service. Never. “Magenta” is only good at talking a big game. If anyone’s thinking about switching to T-Mobile, DON’T DO IT. They are the worst. Go to any other carrier. Doesn’t have to be Verizon. kev2684 It’s all about location, location, location. Just because your area is bad, doesn’t mean everybody will have the same problem as you. J Gerard … EXCEPT that I live in a city. Oh, and Verizon’s coverage is flawless here. I happen to also know (through friends) that AT&T and Sprint are good here, too. Oh, but it’s all about location, location, location. Weak argument. T-Mobile just sucks! There’s a reason it’s so CHEAP! Austin8480 … OK JGerard. Next time, PLEASE use all capital letters to truly get YOUR point across. What I find PATHETIC is that you are a die hard Verizon turd in a TMobile blog. Oh wait, I meant Verizon TURD. Forgot to emphasize that. NOBODY in this room gives a flying —- about your opinion because you slummed it for 6 months and went to Magenta and it was as big of a mistake as…well, I will let you figure it out. J Gerard You were so busy typing a 3rd grade level post that you forgot to make a point. Here’s one for you: T-Mobile is inferior to almost all other carriers. Austin8480 If T-Mobile is so inferior, why are you even giving this blog the time of day. Are you upset that no kids want to hop in your van and eat your chocolate, so you are going to take out your frustrations on the inferior wireless network? thepanttherlady *Tip* Starbursts don’t melt :D theseanteam The hate is strong in this one. Those six months must have really scarred you or something. When you say almost all other carriers, which ones are you referring to? There are only four major carriers after all. And actually, that argument about location is a pretty strong one. T-Mobile’s network is the fastest in many locations, but can be really poor (or even non-existent) in others. The same can be said about everyone–including Verizon. Every carrier has their strong and weak areas. For someone to deny such would have to either be 1) ignorant 2) biased beyond belief or 3) troll. yankeesusa Yea, it still amazes me that people complain about coverage and then lump everyone else in america as having the same coverage, like we all live in the same area. Oh well. People never learn. I’m just happy tmobile works for me and that my data speeds are the highest iv’e ever had. At my house i’m getting close to 100megs almost every time. But hey i guess that’s not good enough for some. thepanttherlady I moved to Crestline a couple of weeks ago. No service. :'( kev2684 I had to google where that is lol :D Yeah it’s rural Ohio but I suppose Band 12 is coming? I’ve seen sightings on Band 12 in Jacksonville, FL lately as well as other parts of the country it’s currently not available. They’re probably working on it at the moment. thepanttherlady Sorry, I should have been more specific. It’s Crestline, CA. I made the same mistake when I called a county office but only Googled Crestline. Guy was really confused as they don’t have my address there. Took me a minute to figure out he was in Ohio. LOL kev2684 You’re literally live in a mountain! Views must be spectacular! thepanttherlady Some of them really are. :) Zacamandapio Verizon here we gooooooo. By the way, we went to Lake Gregory. :) thepanttherlady I’m literally 7 minutes from there. Went there 2 weekends ago to check it out. Water level is a little on the low side. Met a couple that same night that said they’d drained it for some reason and cited “water politics” because I guess the locals aren’t happy about it. Drove up from the Hesperia side this past Saturday and got to see Lake Silverwood. Will have to check it out this summer. Nice drive but hated seeing so many dead trees. :( ETA: I had to get Frontier (Verizon) internet so I could actually use my cell phone. What really sucks is: 1. I literally just got a hotspot through T-Mobile a month ago when they were offering another free line. It’s unusable. 2. I now HAVE to buy phones that have WiFi calling. Blah! thepanttherlady From the day we moved in 5/7: http://imgur.com/UQHsBZF http://imgur.com/t9Z64Q3 http://imgur.com/tm7ReiU And the lake :) http://imgur.com/1YUxwV9 http://imgur.com/tnGMcoq http://imgur.com/zhY16YK http://imgur.com/eaXr58H http://imgur.com/JO9BHJW Sharti24 Who will you be switching to? thepanttherlady I’m not switching. Yet anyway. I lose service 1/2 way up (or down) the mountain so I’ll probably have to get a very cheap pre-paid service/phone for emergencies in case I break down. Not all turnouts have a call box. I still work in Orange County and T-Mobile works fine most places I go. If it starts to be a problem then I’ll have to consider my options. Sharti24 Have tmobile send you a range extender. Not the one you plug into the internet but the one that has two boxes that boosts signal Berzerker Yeah, if you live in Bumblefuck, Montana, don’t switch. Greg Piller Shoot, I just signed up in Montana for TMO. Guess I’m “bumblefucked” lol. I have traveled to every state and been in EVERY U.S. major city multiple times living in every timezone and 11 states. My goodness you have a warped idea of “crap state”. Montana is paradise partner. You have to be from either NYC or California with that f’ed up mentality. He is right & not just in “crap” places but a lot of places like Chicago, IL where I was born and raised. Verizon & AT&T ARE better, Considerably better now in most places but TMO is gaining on them quickly & may reach parity in a few years. When THAT happens if TMO is still competitive, one would have to be a lunatic to stay with AT&T or Verizon. Berzerker …lol. I never said Montana was a “crap state.” It’s the easiest thing to think of when you think of wilderness where you won’t have service for miles. I could have picked a bunch of states, but Montana has, IIRC, the smallest habitation of humans to state ratio, behind Alaska of course. Easy target. Greg Piller To me 4 lines for $120 with TMO is enough of a savings to ditch AT&T. Verizon & AT&T and some of their customers can be arrogant & I think John Legere is one helluva CEO. I can pick up a burner sim with AT&T’s Cricket when I travel a bit and use it until TMO improves in Montana & then it’s sianara to ATT. Happy to be back with TMO. I was formerly a customer since the Voicestream days but when I moved west couldn’t keep them. Their coverage improvement in Montana & the nation as a whole with him at the helm has been nothing short of INCREDIBLE. I hope if the Sprint deal happens Legere is retained as CEO. mreveryphone Hummm… I travel the country for my job and I rarely have issues with T-Mobile… Is it perfect?? No… But no carrier is.. Verizon worked out for you, that’s great. T-Mobile works for millions, that’s also great. But this butt hurt rant is ridiculous and pure comedy! J Gerard “butt hurt rant” is kind of a dumb way to describe what I’m saying. But, I’ll consider the source, eh? Do you know ANYONE who thinks that T is better than V? Nope. So, the difference between us is that I choose to have a better service and I’m willing to pay a little more for it. You are cheap, and you’re willing to have an inferior service because it’s cheaper. That’s it. You know Verizon is better than T-Mobile Francisco Peña Anyone switching carriers should NEVER just switch without taking advantage of the initial return period. I was with VZW for yrs myself. Loved it, with my UDP that was grandfathered. Even went through one wave of price hikes to stay. Then the wife wanted a non-feature phone, and the price hike for her would have boosted out then $108 monthly payment, to $160 once we got a basic data plan, her line access fee (joke) and a new phone. So I looked into TMo. I purposely bought a phone the yr before that worked with Tmo and VZW (moto X DE) and signed up for one line of TMo, switched my Moto to Tmo and reactivated an older LTE phone I had back on VZW. Then I went around for a week doing speed tests everywhere I went. Stuck in traffic? speed test. Both side by side on the seat. Mall? yup, side by side in my hands. Work? yup. Home? yup. I hated VZW at work because my Moto could never get a signal inside the building, which caused my battery to die quickly each day. TMo? got a strong signal. Home, both were weak, but about the same. Driveway? same. So after 10 days, I went in to TMo and switched. Got 2 new phones (had a deal on G4s then) and was spending $140 for 2 lines/10GB each (was the $100/2L/10GB deal) with those phones. Has it been perfect? no. Has it been enough to switch back? no. After some finagling, got a $70 plan with 6GB each for 2 lines. Then have gotten a free line on top of that.. so now I pay $130 for 3 lines, with 6GB each (two don’t come close, mine has Stash so I’m good) and 2 new G6 phones. So for the price, its awesome. Can I deal with some poor service on the outskirts of town? sure. Oh, that Moto X? got it on the 3rd line… theseanteam I don’t think anyone has ever claimed that T-Mobile has better coverage than Verizon, but the point is it has the same quality of coverage in many places. Where I live, T-Mobile has equal coverage and faster speeds. It might not be like that for you, as everyone’s experience will vary. I’m sure if others suffered with bad service, they would switch carriers as well. But your superiority complex is just silly. mreveryphone I know plenty of people that think T-Mobile is better than VW… And I know people that think the opposite, it depends where you live. The service was inferior for you but not for me by any means… I appreciate the cheap name calling, I’ll be cheap all day if it means saving money but getting better service FOR ME… I’ve had service in buildings where others on VW had 0, I’ve smoked people on VW in data speeds tests so I’ll be cheap all day long!! Lol Vazaha There’s an unwritten agreement when you join T-Mobile that you will refrain from living in or going to crappy places. If you live in a decent place T-Mobile is fine. If T-Mobile sucks in your area, you know why :). Vazaha But seriously, I’m always envious of ATT and V when I go to crap places. tranceformer978 Why are you going to crap places? Melissa Cardenas Well what the hell are you doing on this website then? This is a T-Mobile forum obviously most people on here have T-Mobile and they Happy with it so they ain’t gonna listen to you . T-Mobile did not work in my old house so i had Verizon. Now in my new house Verizon don’t work at all and i had to get T-Mobile again because T-Mobile works here fine , So no carrier is perfect. It all depends on location!! J Gerard I get tech news alerts on my phone and things like this come up sometimes and I click on them. I believe that’s allowed! Apparently, what’s not allowed here is proper grammar and punctuation. I almost had to have your post translated in order to read it, but I figured it out eventually. Where did you go to school? Melissa Cardenas What ever im in a hurry and didn’t have time to spell check .But seriously don’t change the subject i don’t get why people like you come talk trash on a T-Mobile forum. ?? Makes no sense haha . And what ever im PRETTY sure you understood fine what i wrote in my first comment. Bull that you almost had to get it translated. Omar Boyer Melisa hes just being an idiot haha i understood perfectly well your first post. And i see they gave u some thumbs up on that first post so others also understood you no need to translate it . Ignore this lowlife with nothing to do. If he wants to stop making an Azz out of himself he should just block the notifications he gets from here. Melissa Cardenas i have better things to worry about ;) omar. And like you said he should just turn off notifications from here then. Eric Harlow Don’t give J Gerard the satisfaction in getting a reaction out of you and allow him to control the situation don’t dumb down to his level Eric Harlow Get off Melissa Cardenas butt about grammar here. This is a forum! Not a college message board or an college English Composition course. T-mobile has improved drastically within the last 3 years. T-mobile works for me out here in San Diego and in my future home in Missoula, Montana. I have mental disabilities that I got serving in The US Navy for twenty years and I dislike your comments towards Melissa Cardenas. This is a T-mobile fan website to discuss peacefully about T-mobile, so get your BIG RED DUMB AND DUMBER ASS OUT OF HERE. Andrew Addison You just made my night with that bomb diggity comment towards that boozo the snow clown filled with stuffy nose, trying to come off as English weirdo professor correcting people on their grammar fool there Bro. Is this guy here serious right now? He had no reason to talk down to someone like that and also talk down on the finest company/carrier, advising everyone to stay away from the best carrier/company which that one being T-Mobile-MetroPCS. We will forever be way Better in USA than any other carrier would have been. Eric Harlow OOH REALLY!!! HOW AWESOME!! Glad I made your night! RLB63 I actually feel sorry for you. How miserable your life must be for you to spend so much time on a site of a company you seem to hate so much. Cellphone companies aren’t making political statements. Seem way to smart for that. Don’t attack social issues. Attacking T-Mobile worth while to you and to spend so much time. You must not have anything better to do with your life. Eric Harlow I think you were supposed to reply back to J Gerard not me. I have been a T-mobile customer for over ten years and I am happy to be a T-mobile customer. Haze1nut English is a 3rd language for me, behind French and Portuguese. Correct my grammar for me, will you. It obviously makes you feel superior. Ascertion You think everyone that switches to T-Mobile can’t “Make calls half of the time”? You’re out of your mind! Tony Chen agreed, t mobile has gained millions of customers each quarter. if the drop calls were so bad why would t mobile gain 100% of new customers agaIN? another blockbuster quarter by t mobile. moonoverparma Funny, I’ve never had a problem. Nobody Special Several years ago i had a verizon phone (when the iphone’s came out they were the only one that were selling them with unlimited data at that time) and i had T-Mobile flip phone that i was using to make international calls. I have to admit, Verizon was more reliable than T-Mobile during my cell phone usage. I chose T-mobile over Verizon because of many reasons…. but it was never due to their coverage, because their coverage was horrible… but since then their coverage has improved. But i switched primarily due to the inexpensive international calls. That was a deal breaker for me, i was content with the terrible coverage with anticipation that they would improve their service. and with Verizon i was paying around $89 dollars for unlimited data and text and 450 minutes of voice calls. my tmobile line (from what i can remember) was around $78 dollars for unlimited talk and text and data. But fastforward to today, I have 5 Unlimited Everything (data/text/voice) lines with unlimited international calling (mobile+landlines) and international text for a low cost of $110 plus taxes and fees. Believe me i checked, Verizon or AT&T have nothing in comparison to what i have with T-Mobile. And i am not bashing you or Verizon at all, Verizon does have a more reliable coverage area but in the end i sided with T-Mobile over Verizon. If Verizon ever came up with incredible deals like T-Mobile has been doing almost every month i wouldnt turn down a great opportunity. RECAP: Verizon “Better Coverage” T-Mobile “Better Prices” It all boils down to what are you comfortable with. Im comfortable with crappy coverage. And My T-Mobile calls do drop often, but what i do is (i press redial) GOTCHA :) Gust OK so here’s the deal. In the morning when you wake up if you have T-Mobile you have to get up take a shower have breakfast shave go outside of your house in other to make a phone call. If you have AT&T or Verizon in the morning when you wake up you can reach for your cell phone and make a phone call. It is that simple. But you know what I have T-Mobile because over one year it saves me about $200 as compared to AT&T or Verizon. So I put up with the crap! Timothy Poplaski T-Mobile supports WiFi calling. You don’t have home WiFi? DM725 How do you not have wifi calling enabled? Maybe you need to buy a phone from the last 2 years… (My Motorola Nexus 6 Supported Wifi Calling….) RLB63 They have equipment they they will ship out for free with a deposit that will boost their signal on your house if you don’t have Wi-Fi calling. My phone automatically switches on Wi-Fi when I get home. Not for signal or to save data. It’s because with all the talk that cell signals MIGHT cause cancer why risk it? It is able to enable Wi-Fi, and it disables it when I leave the house. So that might be an option if you have Wi-Fi…. Phone Guy All lies. So funny, yet sad. yankeesusa LOL, not everyone lives where you live and have bad coverage with tmobile. 4 years ago i would have never used tmobile, now i no longer have sprint and got rid of my verizon line because tmobile is great for me where i live and work. I just recently drove across florida,georgia,nc and tennesse and had no issues. I was able to test it side by side with an att phone and the whole time both phones had coverage except up in the smokies near newfound gap where no one has signal. Don’t lump everyone in the same pile just because it doesn’t work for you. DM725 LoL, where the hell do you live? eanfoso The only one after verizon is at&t because we know that sprint and us cellular sucks more than t mobile Andrew Singleton T-Mobile has the lowest churn rate (people trying it and leaving) of all carriers. Could you please explain why? J Gerard Ha! Oh, I promise you I don’t feel like an idiot surrounded by people who work themselves up into a breathless rant trying to defend a crappy service. gmo8492 Crappy for who exactly, churn has gone down to record lows and T-Mobile has over 73 million subs, so if it doesn’t work out you can switch. Brad C It’s not for everyone, but has worked damn well for me for 12yrs.. I *actually* tried Verizon a few months ago, and came back after two weeks after awful LTE performance JG You’re cracking me up reading your comments! I have TMo and put up with their spotty coverage because I’m paying less per month staying with them. I can admit that. There is alot I enjoy about TMo, but dropped calls and dead zones IS a reality. I have a band 12 phone in metro PHX. Not sure why others feel the need to berail someone who doesn’t agree with them just for argument’s sake. Timothy Poplaski Because you aren’t saying, “Bad coverage in PHX”, you’re saying “Bad coverage”. I can drive for at least an hour in any direction and have solid coverage. It all depends on where you live, and you’re phone. Even phones with band 12 won’t all have the same results because some phones get better reception than others. So, I won’t even argue about coverage in PHX. Never been there, likely never will, so it just doesn’t matter to me. My excellent coverage probably doesn’t matter to you. It’s all about where you use your phone. navi harriram Dude you could of tested the network out on a $10 weekly plan or $3 daily. You don’t buy cell phone service every day so do the work. The sales rep just wants a commission check so they’ll say anything to get you to switch. That’s why I don’t work for wireless companies anymore. Too much bull to deal with yankeesusa Not everyone is defending a company that may or may not work depending on where you live. But many people actually do research and pick a company that specifically works for your needs depending on your area. I had verizon and sprint before tmobile and i have never ever gotten the speeds i get now not to mention i have great coverage ‘WHERE I LIVE”, YOU SEE, that’s the important thing, i researched and made sure it worked for me. I don’t just blindly select a company just because their commercial says so. Screamin That’s strange because T-Mobile has been #1 in customer service AND satisfaction for well over 2 years now… and yes, that includes coverage. ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) I am thinking about switching to Verizon due to poor coverage. In San Diego area I get one to bars. I moved from Minnesota and T-mobile coverage in MN is excellent there with all bars. In San Diego it’s very poor in some areas. When iPhone 8 is release I am switching to Verizon. I love T-mobile plans but coverage in my area is poor. Sharti24 Agreed. On base (32nd street) forget about tmobile coverage. sprint excels on 32nd. go over to corando island its even worse! just throw your phone over board. no tmobile coverage on the air base at all. im using an iphone 6s Band 12 which is deployed in SD yankeesusa I agree, if in your area tmobile is not good and is affecting productivity or just not letting you use your phone to its fullest your’e better off changing. I have great coverage where I live and work and when i travel over 99% of the time i have no issues. But i got my wife on cricket which is att so for the times where tmobile may not get signal i have the att towers just in case. I’m on an old grandfathered single line plan that allows work discount so i’m keeping as long as i can. Screamin Sometimes it’s not always the cell coverage causing the issue, but the phone itself, especially if it’s an older device that supports fewer cell bands. With T-Mobile’s latest acquirement of spectrum you can expect a huge improvement in cell signal, both in range and structure penetration, within the year. Of course you can switch if you want, but they’re only going to get better. They’ve more than doubled the coverage in the past 2 years and have just as much coverage as Verizon with a network that’s actually futureproof unlike the other guys. DM725 Agreed, I know people that don’t realize they are using a phone without band 12, that doesn’t have wifi calling or Volte support, and has an extremely weak antenna. ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) My phone is iPhone 7 and not an old device: Andrew Singleton if you hold an iphone 7 next to a galaxy s8, the s8 will have more bars every time. that’s due to a more powerful signal on galaxies and the fact that bars don’t mean anything with low-frequency spectrum. ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) My roommate is on T-mobile and his current phone is galaxy s8. We experience the same issue. RLB63 Have you talked to T-Mobile C.S.? If they get people complaining about certain areas they tend to look into those areas. Is it outside or inside or both where you have problems? Inside out could be the building. They can seems you a device to boost the signal for your phone. Patel Nisha You couldn’t pay me to use a iPhone . And why would I switch Verizon to T-unmobile. So I can have a sub par data connection with hardly any coverage…. Andrew Why are you on TmoNews, then? Andrew Addison Lol I was just thinking the exact same thing. Lol DM725 I’m sorry you live in a place that T-Mobile doesn’t prioritize. Here in NY, we have no such issues. Andrew Singleton the offer is also good for pixels, and you don’t know anything about the network. in 1 year, verizon will wish it had t-mobile’s network. browne81 I cavy take this anymore. There is always someone in these forums going miss information. I have to speak up. As awhole some networks are better than others. I’m not going to get into my opinion on which is better nation wide. What I will say is this. The best carrier is the one that works where you frequent the most. No matter what carrier a person loves there is another person out there that thinks it terrible. So all these people saying bad things about T-Mobile should get the facts straight. Lastly I due example I don’t like sprint but I know there are people that have a great time with them. You don’t see me on a sprint site saying how bad they are. Is my spelling perfect no. Is my grammar perfect no. It’s this a college paper? No. So I really don’t care. AJ2 still waiting for them to do a $50 deal for single customers. browne81 They have a prepaid plan for 45 Sharti24 4 for $100 sounds better Line 1 $50 Line 2 $75 Line 3 $90 Line 4 $100 John De Leon I have Verizon and would switch IF T-Mo had better in-building coverage. Several of my fellow employee friends have T-Mo and they have horrible coverage in our work locations. They have to step outside to recieve/make calls. Chris Siegell I don’t see the Galaxy S8+ mentioned? You would think that this phone would be “globally compatible” for the switch? Ming Chang Chuang did they say how long to keep the T-Mo’s Premium Device Protection Plus insurance plan? Can i remove this coverage after 2 months? Select a phone: (optional) + - Any - 3G|4G U301 USB Modem Acer Aspire One Netbook Acer Liquid M220 Airave 2.5 Plus Alcatel 510A Alcatel 768 Alcatel 871A GoPhone Alcatel A392G Alcatel Fling Alcatel One Touch 991 Alcatel One Touch Evolve Alcatel OneTouch Conquest Alcatel OneTouch Elevate Alcatel OneTouch Evolve 2 ALCATEL ONETOUCH Fierce Alcatel OneTouch Fierce 2 Alcatel Onetouch Idol 3 (4.7") Alcatel Onetouch Idol 3 (5.5") Alcatel OneTouch Pop 7 Alcatel OneTouch Pop Icon Alcatel OneTouch Pop Mega Alcatel OneTouch Pop Star LTE Alcatel OneTouch Retro ALCATEL OneTouch Sonic LTE Alcatel Pop C9 Alcatel Pop D3 Alcatel Venture Amazon Fire Phone Anna Sui Mobile by Samsung Apple iPad 2 16GB Apple iPad 2 32GB Apple iPad 2 64GB Apple iPad Air Apple iPad Air 2 Apple iPad Mini Apple iPad mini 2 Apple iPad Mini 3 Apple iPad mini 4 Apple iPad mini with Retina Display Apple iPad Pro Apple iPad with Retina Display Apple iPhone 16 GB Apple iPhone 3G 16 GB Apple iPhone 3G 8 GB Apple iPhone 3G S 32 GB Apple iPhone 3GS Apple iPhone 4 Apple iPhone 4S Apple iPhone 5 Apple iPhone 5c Apple iPhone 5s Apple iPhone 6 Apple iPhone 6 Plus Apple iPhone 6s Apple iPhone 6s Plus ASUS MeMO Pad 7 LTE ASUS MeMO Pad FHD 10 LTE ASUS PadFone X mini ASUS ZenFone 2 ASUS ZenWatch 2 AT&T Avail 2 AT&T F160 AT&T Impulse 4G AT&T Mobile Hotspot Elevate 4G AT&T Mobile Hotspot MiFi 2372 AT&T Quickfire AT&T Radiant GoPhone AT&T Unite AT&T Unite Pro AT&T USBConnect 900 AT&T USBConnect Adrenaline AT&T USBConnect Force 4G AT&T USBConnect Mercury AT&T USBConnect Momentum 4G AT&T USBConnect Shockwave AT&T USBConnect Turbo AT&T USBConnect Velocity AT&T Z222 GoPhone AT&T Z331 AT&T Z998 GoPhone Audiovox CDM-8940 Audiovox PC5740 EVDO PC Card Audiovox VI600 Audiovox XV6600 Betsey Johnson Mobile by Samsung Big Button Flip Alcatel A392G BlackBerry 7130e BlackBerry 7250 BlackBerry 7290 BlackBerry 8703e BlackBerry 8820 BlackBerry Bold BlackBerry Bold 9650 BlackBerry Bold 9700 BlackBerry Bold 9780 BlackBerry Bold 9900 BlackBerry Bold 9930 BlackBerry Classic BlackBerry Curve 3G BlackBerry Curve 3G 9300 BlackBerry Curve 8320 BlackBerry Curve 8330 BlackBerry Curve 8350i BlackBerry Curve 8520 BlackBerry Curve 8530 BlackBerry Curve 8900 BlackBerry Curve 9310 BlackBerry Curve 9315 BlackBerry Curve 9330 BlackBerry Curve 9350 BlackBerry Curve 9360 BlackBerry Curve 9370 BlackBerry Leap BlackBerry Passport BlackBerry Pearl BlackBerry Pearl 3G BlackBerry Pearl 8110 BlackBerry Pearl 8120 BlackBerry Pearl 8130 BlackBerry Pearl Flip 8220 BlackBerry Pearl Flip 8230 BlackBerry Priv BlackBerry Q10 BlackBerry Storm BlackBerry Storm2 BlackBerry Style BlackBerry Torch 9800 BlackBerry Torch 9810 BlackBerry Torch 9850 BlackBerry Torch 9860 BlackBerry Tour BlackBerry Z10 BlackBerry Z30 Blackphone 2 BLU Advance 4.0 BLU Dash 5.0+ BLU Life View BLU Neo 4.5 BLU Studio 5.0 BLU Studio 5.0 C BLU Studio 5.0 II BLU Studio 5.0 II BLU Studio 5.0C BLU Studio 6.0 HD BLU Studio C Mini BLU Studio Energy BLU Studio Mini LTE BLU Studio Selfie LTE Boost MAX by ZTE Boost Warp 4G by ZTE Brigadier by Kyocera Casio EXILIM Casio G'zOne Boulder CASIO G'zONE Ravine 2 (Non-Camera) Casio GzOne Brigade Casio GzOne Commando Casio GzOne Ravine Casio GzOne Ravine 2 Casio GzOne Rock CAT B15Q CAT S40 Compaq Mini 110c-1048NR Coolpad Arise Coolpad Flo Coolpad Quattro 4G Dell Inspiron 14z Laptop Dell Inspiron Mini 10 with T-Mobile webConnect Dell Inspiron Mini 1012 Dell Streak 7 Diane Von Furstenberg Mobile by Samsung DROID 2 by Motorola DROID 2 Global by Motorola DROID 3 by Motorola DROID 4 by Motorola DROID BIONIC 4G by Motorola DROID by Motorola DROID CHARGE by Samsung Droid DNA by HTC DROID ERIS by HTC DROID INCREDIBLE 2 by HTC DROID Incredible 4G LTE by HTC DROID INCREDIBLE by HTC DROID Pro by Motorola DROID R2 D2 by Motorola DROID RAZR by Motorola DROID RAZR by Motorola 16GB DROID RAZR HD by Motorola DROID RAZR M by Motorola DROID RAZR MAXX by Motorola DROID RAZR MAXX HD by Motorola DROID Turbo DROID X by Motorola DROID X2 by Motorola Enact by LG Ericsson c905a Ericsson Equinox Ericsson TM506 Ericsson Vivaz Ericsson W350 Ericsson W518a Ericsson w760a Ericsson Z750a Firefly Fivespot Global Ready Franklin Wireless U680 USB Galaxy Nexus by Samsung Garmin Garminfone Garmin nuvifone G60 Gateway LT2016u Netbook Google Nexus 4 Google Nexus 5 Google Nexus 6 Google Nexus 9 Google Pixel C HP iPAQ Glisten HP Mini 110 Netbook HP Mini 110-1050NR HP Mini 1151NR Netbook HP Mini 210-1076NR Netbook HP Mini 311-1037NR Netbook HP Veer 4G HTC 8XT HTC Amaze HTC Aria HTC Arrive HTC Desire HTC Desire 510 HTC Desire 526 HTC Desire 610 HTC Desire 612 HTC Desire 626 HTC Desire 626s HTC Desire 816 HTC Desire 826 HTC Desire EYE HTC Droid DNA HTC EVO 3D HTC EVO 4G HTC EVO 4G LTE HTC EVO Design 4G HTC EVO Shift 4G HTC EVO View 4G HTC First HTC Freestyle HTC FUZE HTC HD 7 HTC HD2 HTC HD7S HTC Hero HTC Imagio HTC Inspire 4G HTC Jetstream HTC Merge HTC Mogul Pocket PC 6800 HTC One HTC One (E8) HTC One (M8) HTC One (M8) For Windows HTC One A9 HTC One M9 HTC One Max HTC One mini HTC One remix HTC One S HTC One SV HTC One V HTC One X HTC One X+ HTC Ozone HTC PPC6800 HTC Pure HTC Radar HTC Rezound HTC Rhyme HTC S621 Excalibur HTC S630 Cavalier HTC Sensation HTC Snap HTC Status HTC Surround HTC Thunderbolt HTC Tilt 2 HTC Titan HTC Titan II HTC Touch HTC Touch Diamond HTC Touch Pro HTC Touch Pro 2 HTC Trophy HTC Vivid HTC Wildfire S Huawei Activa 4G Huawei Ascend HUAWEI Ascend II Huawei Ascend Mate 2 Huawei Ascend Plus Huawei Ascend W1 Huawei Ascend Y Huawei EC168 Huawei Glory Huawei H210C Huawei H215G Huawei H866C Huawei Honor 6 Plus Huawei Inspira Huawei M735 Huawei M835 Huawei Mate S Huawei Nexus 6P Huawei P8 lite Huawei Pal Huawei Pinnacle Huawei Premia 4G Huawei SnapTo Huawei Summit Huawei U8651T Prism Huawei Union Huawei Valiant Huawei Verge Huawei Vitria Huawei Watch Jolla Tablet KIN One KIN Two Kyocera 126C Kyocera 323 Kyocera Brigadier Kyocera Brio Kyocera Coast Kyocera Contact Kyocera DuraCore Kyocera DuraForce Kyocera DuraMax Kyocera DuraPlus Kyocera DuraShock Kyocera DuraXT Kyocera DuraXV Kyocera E1000 Kyocera E1100 Neo Kyocera E2000 Kyocera Echo Kyocera Event Kyocera Hydro Kyocera Hydro Edge Kyocera Hydro Elite Kyocera Hydro Icon Kyocera Hydro Vibe Kyocera Hydro Wave Kyocera Hydro XTRM Kyocera K132 Kyocera Kona Kyocera Loft Kyocera Milano Kyocera Presto Kyocera Rise Kyocera SE47 Slider Kyocera Torino Kyocera Torque Kyocera TorqueXT Kyocera Verve LG 221C LG 101 LG 1500 LG 220C LG 231C LG 235C LG 236C LG 320G LG 400G LG 450 LG 500G LG 505C LG 511C LG 600G LG 620G LG 800G LG 900G LG A340 LG A380 LG Access LTE LG Accolade LG Ally LG Arena LG Aspire LG AX155 LG AX300 LG AX310 LG AX565 LG AX8600 LG Banter LG Beacon LG CF360 LG Chocolate 3 LG Chocolate Touch LG Chocolate VX8550 LG Chocolate White LG Clout LG Connect 4G LG Cosmos LG Cosmos 2 LG Cosmos 3 LG Cosmos Touch LG Dare LG Decoy LG dLite LG Doubleplay LG Enact LG Encore LG Enlighten LG enV Touch LG enV VX11000 LG enV VX9900 LG enV2 LG enV3 LG Escape LG Esteem LG Exalt LG eXpo LG Extravert LG Extravert 2 LG Fathom LG G Flex LG G Flex 2 LG G Pad 10.1 LTE LG G Pad 10.1 LTE LG G Pad 7.0 LTE LG G Pad 7.0 LTE LG G Pad 8.3 LG G Pad F7.0 LG G Stylo LG G Vista LG G Vista 2 LG G2 LG G3 LG G3 Vigor LG G4 LG Glance LG Glimmer LG Google Nexus 4 LG GS170 LG GU295 LG INCITE LG Intuition LG Invision LG L35G SIM4 LG Lancet LG Leon LTE LG Lotus LG Lotus Elite LG Lucid 2 LG Lucid 3 LG Lucky LG LX150 LG LX160 LG LX290 LG LX350 LG LX370 LG LX400 LG LX550 LG Mach LG Marquee LG Migo LG Motion 4G LG Muziq LX570 LG Neon LG Neon II LG Nexus 5X LG Nitro HD LG Octane LG Optimus Black LG Optimus Dynamic LG Optimus Dynamic II LG Optimus Elite LG Optimus Exceed LG Optimus Exceed 2 LG Optimus Extreme LG Optimus F3 LG Optimus F3Q LG Optimus F6 LG Optimus F7 LG Optimus Fuel LG Optimus G LG Optimus G Pro LG Optimus L70 LG Optimus L9 LG Optimus L90 LG Optimus Logic LG Optimus M LG Optimus M+ LG Optimus Net LG Optimus One P500 LG Optimus Q LG Optimus S LG Optimus SHOWTIME LG Optimus T LG Optimus Ultimate LG Optimus Zip LG Optimus Zone LG Optimus Zone 2 LG Phoenix LG PM-225 LG Prime LG Quantum LG Realm LG Remarq LG Revere LG Revere 2 LG Revere 3 LG Revolution LG Rhythm LG Rumor LG Rumor 2 LG Rumor Reflex LG Rumor Reflex S LG Rumor Touch LG Scoop LG Sentio LG Shine CU720 LG Shine II LG Spirit 4G LG Sunrise LG Swift LG Thrill LG Transpyre LG Tribute LG Tribute 2 LG Tritan LG Ultimate 2 LG UX145 LG UX260 LG UX280 LG UX300 LG UX380 LG UX565 LG UX830 LG V10 LG Venice LG Versa LG VI-125 LG VI-5225 LG Viper LG VL600 4G USB Modem LG Volt LG Volt 2 LG Vortex LG Vu CU915 LG Vu CU920 LG Vu Plus LG VX3100 LG VX3300 LG VX3400 LG VX3450 LG VX3450L LG VX4400 LG VX4500 LG VX5200 LG VX5400 LG VX5500 LG VX7000 LG VX8000 LG VX8300 LG VX8350 LG VX8360 LG VX8600 LG VX9800 LG Watch Urbane LG Xenon LG Xpression LG Xpression 2 LG100C LG200C LG225 LG300G LG400G LG501C LG620G LG900G Lucid 3 by LG Lucid by LG Microsoft Lumia 535 Microsoft Lumia 550 Microsoft Lumia 640 Microsoft Lumia 640 XL Microsoft Lumia 950 Microsoft Lumia 950 XL MiFi 2200 Mobile Hotspot MiFi 3G/4G Mobile Hotspot MiFi 500 LTE by Novatel Wireless Moto 360 (2nd Gen) 42mm Moto 360 (2nd Gen) 46mm Moto 360 Sport Motorola 408 Motorola A1200 Ming Motorola A630 Motorola ACTV Motorola Admiral Motorola Adventure V750 Motorola Atrix 2 Motorola Atrix 4G Motorola Atrix HD Motorola Backflip Motorola Bali Motorola Barrage Motorola Bravo Motorola Brute i680 Motorola Brute i686 Motorola Buzz ic502 Motorola C139 Motorola C168i Motorola Charm Motorola Citrus Motorola CLIQ Motorola CLIQ 2 Motorola CLIQ XT Motorola Clutch i465 Motorola Clutch i475 Motorola Debut i856 Motorola Defy Motorola Defy XT Motorola Devour Motorola Droid Bionic Motorola DROID MAXX Motorola DROID Maxx 2 Motorola DROID Mini Motorola DROID Turbo 2 Motorola DROID Ultra Motorola Droid XYBoard 10.1 Motorola Droid XYBoard 8.2 Motorola E815 Motorola EM326g Motorola EM330 Motorola Entice Motorola Evoke Motorola EX124G Motorola EX431G Motorola Flipout Motorola Flipside Motorola Gallo i296 Motorola Hint Motorola Hint QA30 Motorola i1 Motorola i412 Motorola i530b Motorola i530y Motorola i570 Motorola i576 Motorola i605 Motorola i710 Motorola i776 Motorola i830 Motorola i880 Motorola i886 Motorola i890 Motorola Karma QA1 Motorola Krave ZN4 Motorola KRZR K1 Motorola KRZR K1m Motorola L2 Motorola L6 Motorola Luge Motorola Moto E (1st Gen) Motorola Moto E (2nd Gen) Motorola Moto G Motorola Moto G (3rd Gen) Motorola Moto X Motorola Moto X (2014) Motorola Moto X Play Motorola Moto X Style (Pure Edition) Motorola MOTORAZR maxx Ve Motorola MOTORAZR VE20 Motorola PEBL Motorola PHOTON 4G Motorola Photon Q Motorola Q9 Global Motorola Q9c Motorola Q9m Motorola Rambler Motorola Rapture VU30 Motorola RAZR V3 Motorola RAZR V3 Dolce & Gabbana Motorola RAZR V3c Motorola RAZR V3c Motorola RAZR V3i/ V3t/ V3r Motorola RAZR V3m Motorola RAZR V3xx Motorola RAZR2 V9m Motorola Renegade V950 Motorola Renew Motorola Rival Motorola RIZR Z3 Motorola RIZR Z6c Motorola ROKR Motorola ROKR E8 Motorola ROKR U9 Motorola ROKR Z6 Motorola SLVR L7c Motorola Stature i9 Motorola T722i Motorola Theory Motorola Titanium Motorola Triumph Motorola Tundra Motorola V120e Motorola V171 Motorola V180 Motorola V190 Motorola V195 Motorola V220 Motorola V235 Motorola V260 Motorola V325 Motorola V360 Motorola V551 Motorola V600 Motorola V60s Motorola V710 Motorola VE465 Motorola VU204 Motorola W315 Motorola W375g Motorola W380 Motorola W385 Motorola W408g Motorola W409G Motorola W418G Motorola W490 Motorola W755 Motorola XOOM Motorola XOOM 4G LTE Motorola XPRT Motorola Z9 Motorola Zine ZN5 myTouch 4G NEC Terrain Netgear 341U USB Modem Netgear Mingle Mobile Hotspot Netgear Zing Nexbit Robin Nexus S 4G Nexus S from Google Nokia 1208 Nokia 1600 Nokia 1616 Nokia 1661 Nokia 1680 Nokia 2320 Nokia 2330 Nokia 2600 Nokia 2605 Mirage Nokia 2610 Nokia 2630 Nokia 2660 Nokia 2680 Nokia 2720 Nokia 2760 Nokia 3220 Nokia 3555 Nokia 3588i Nokia 3660 Nokia 3711 Nokia 5130 Nokia 5230 Nuron Nokia 5310 XpressMusic Nokia 5610 Nokia 6010 Nokia 6015i Nokia 6030 Nokia 6085 Nokia 6101 Nokia 6102i Nokia 6133 Nokia 6165i Nokia 6205 Nokia 6215i Nokia 6236i Nokia 6263 Nokia 6301 Nokia 6315i Nokia 6350 Nokia 6555 Nokia 6650 Nokia 6800 Nokia 7205 Intrigue Nokia 7510 Nokia 7705 Twist Nokia Astound Nokia C3 Nokia E71 Nokia E71x Nokia E73 Mode Nokia Lumia 1020 Nokia Lumia 1520 Nokia Lumia 2520 Nokia Lumia 520 Nokia Lumia 521 Nokia Lumia 530 Nokia Lumia 625 Nokia Lumia 635 Nokia Lumia 710 Nokia Lumia 810 Nokia Lumia 820 Nokia Lumia 822 Nokia Lumia 830 Nokia Lumia 900 Nokia Lumia 920 Nokia Lumia 925 Nokia Lumia 928 Nokia Lumia Icon Nokia Mural Nokia N1 Nokia N73 Nokia N75 Nokia N95 8GB Nokia NGage Nokia Surge Nokia Twist 7705 Nokia VI-3155 Nokia X2 Novatel EX720 ExpressCard Novatel Merlin C777 Novatel Merlin S620 Novatel MiFi 2200 Novatel MiFi 5580 Novatel Ovation U727 Novatel Ovation U760 Novatel PC770 PCmCIA Novatel S720 Novatel U760 Novatel USB1000 Global Modem Novatel V620 EVDO PC Card Novatel V640 PC/Mac USB Broadband Card Novatel V740 PC/Mac Wireless Broadband Card OnePlus 2 OnePlus One OnePlus X Option Quicksilver USB Modem Overdrive 3G 4G Mobile Hotspot Overdrive Pro 3G/4G Hotspot Palm Centro Palm M500 Palm Pixi Palm Pixi Plus Palm Pre Palm Pre 2 Palm Pre Plus Palm Pro Palm Pro Palm Treo 650 Palm Treo 700p Palm Treo 700w Palm Treo 700wx Palm Treo 755p Palm Treo 800w Palm Treo Pro Pantech Breakout Pantech Breeze Pantech Breeze II Pantech Breeze III Pantech Burst Pantech C120 Pantech C300 Pantech C3b Pantech C610 Pantech Caper Pantech Crossover Pantech Crux Pantech Ease Pantech Hotshot Pantech Impact Pantech Jest 2 Pantech Laser Pantech Link Pantech Link II Pantech Marauder Pantech Matrix Pantech Matrix Pro Pantech Perception Pantech PN-820 Pantech Pocket Pantech Pursuit Pantech Pursuit II Pantech Renue Pantech Reveal Pantech Slate Pantech Swift Pantech UML290 4G USB Modem Pantech UML295 LTE USB Modem PCD Chaser Phone Connect 3 Plum Might Z513 Que 4.5 Que 5.0 REEF RIM BlackBerry 6710 RIM BlackBerry 7100t RIM BlackBerry 7105t RIM BlackBerry 7130e RIM BlackBerry 7230 RIM BlackBerry 8700g Rugged CAT S50 S275G Samsung 4G Mobile Hotspot LC11 Samsung A107 Samsung A117 Samsung A127 Samsung A137 Samsung A167 Samsung A187 Samsung A197 Samsung A237 Samsung A580 Samsung A630 Samsung A637 Samsung A650 Samsung A670 Samsung A777 Samsung A870 Samsung A890 Samsung A930 Samsung A950 Samsung A970 Samsung A990 Samsung Access Samsung Ace i325 Samsung Admire Samsung Alias 2 Samsung Array Samsung ATIV Odyssey Samsung ATIV S Neo Samsung ATIV SE Samsung Beat Samsung Behold Samsung Behold II Samsung BlackJack i607 Samsung BlackJack II i617 Samsung Brightside Samsung Captivate Samsung Captivate Glide Samsung Comeback Samsung Conquer 4G Samsung Continuum Samsung Contour 2 Samsung Convoy Samsung Convoy 2 Samsung Convoy 3 Samsung Craft Samsung D415 Samsung D900 Samsung Dart Samsung Delve Samsung DoubleTime Samsung E105 Samsung E315 Samsung E335 Samsung E635 Samsung E715 Samsung Entro Samsung Epic Samsung Epix Samsung Eternity Samsung Eternity II Samsung Evergreen Samsung Exclaim Samsung Exhibit 4G Samsung Exhibit II 4G Samsung Factor Samsung Fascinate Samsung Flight Samsung Flight II Samsung FlipShot SCH-U900 Samsung Focus Samsung Focus 2 Samsung Focus Flash Samsung Focus S Samsung Freeform Samsung Freeform II Samsung Freeform III Samsung Freeform M Samsung Galaxy Ace Samsung Galaxy Ace 4 LTE Samsung Galaxy Ace Style Samsung Galaxy Admire 4G Samsung Galaxy Alpha Samsung Galaxy Appeal Samsung Galaxy Attain 4G Samsung Galaxy Avant Samsung Galaxy Centura Samsung Galaxy Core Prime Samsung Galaxy Discover Samsung Galaxy Exhibit Samsung Galaxy Exhilarate Samsung Galaxy Express GoPhone Samsung Galaxy Grand Prime Samsung Galaxy Indulge Samsung Galaxy J1 LTE Samsung Galaxy Light Samsung Galaxy Mega 2 Samsung Galaxy Mega 6.3 Samsung Galaxy Note Samsung Galaxy Note 10.1 Samsung Galaxy Note 3 Samsung Galaxy Note 4 Samsung Galaxy Note 5 Samsung Galaxy Note Edge Samsung Galaxy Note II Samsung Galaxy Note Pro Samsung Galaxy Precedent Samsung Galaxy Prevail Samsung Galaxy Prevail 2 Samsung Galaxy Proclaim Samsung Galaxy Reverb Samsung Galaxy Ring Samsung Galaxy Rugby Pro Samsung Galaxy Rush Samsung Galaxy S 4 zoom Samsung Galaxy S 4G Samsung Galaxy S Blaze Samsung Galaxy S II Samsung Galaxy S II Skyrocket Samsung Galaxy S III Samsung Galaxy S III Mini Samsung Galaxy S Lightray 4G Samsung Galaxy S Relay 4G Samsung Galaxy S4 Samsung Galaxy S4 Active Samsung Galaxy S4 Mini Samsung Galaxy S5 Samsung Galaxy S5 Active Samsung Galaxy S5 mini Samsung Galaxy S5 Sport Samsung Galaxy S6 Samsung Galaxy S6 Active Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge Samsung Galaxy S6 edge+ Samsung Galaxy Stardust Samsung Galaxy Stellar Samsung Galaxy Stratosphere II Samsung Galaxy Tab Samsung Galaxy Tab 2 Samsung Galaxy Tab 3 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 10.1 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 8.0 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4G - 16GB Samsung Galaxy Tab 4G - 32GB Samsung Galaxy Tab S Samsung Galaxy Tab S 10.5 Samsung Galaxy Tab S 10.5 Samsung Galaxy Tab S 8.4 Samsung Galaxy Tab S2 9.7 Samsung Galaxy Victory 4G LTE Samsung Galaxy View Samsung Gear 2 Samsung Gear S2 Samsung Gleam U700 Samsung Glyde Samsung GO Netbook Samsung Gravity Samsung Gravity 2 Samsung Gravity 3 Samsung Gravity Q Samsung Gravity SMART Samsung Gravity T Samsung Gravity TXT Samsung Gusto Samsung Gusto 2 Samsung Gusto 3 Samsung Haven Samsung Highlight Samsung Highnote Samsung Hue II Samsung Illusion Samsung Impression Samsung Infuse 4G Samsung Instinct Samsung Instinct HD Samsung Instinct S30 Samsung Intensity Samsung Intensity II Samsung Intensity III Samsung Intercept Samsung Intrepid Samsung IP-830 Samsung IP-A790 Samsung Jack Samsung Juke U470 Samsung Katalyst T739 Samsung Knack U310 Samsung M220 Samsung M240 Samsung M300 Samsung M320 Samsung M330 Samsung M360 Samsung M370 Samsung M400 Samsung M500 Samsung M510 Samsung M520 Samsung M610 Samsung Magnet Samsung Matrix Samsung Memoir Samsung MM-A920 Samsung Moment Samsung Muse Samsung MyShot Samsung Mysto Samsung Mythic Samsung Omnia Samsung Omnia II Samsung PM-A740 Samsung Precedent Samsung Propel Samsung Propel Pro Samsung R225m Samsung R335C Samsung R375C Samsung R451C Samsung R455C Samsung R610 Samsung Rant Samsung Reality Samsung Reclaim Samsung Renown Samsung Replenish Samsung Restore Samsung Rogue Samsung Rugby Samsung Rugby 4 Samsung Rugby II Samsung Rugby Smart Samsung S275G Samsung S380C Samsung S390G Samsung S425G Samsung Saga Samsung SCH-i600 Samsung SCH-i730 Samsung SCH-U340 Samsung SCH-U540 Samsung SCH-U620 Samsung SCH-U740 Samsung Seek Samsung SGH-T199 Samsung Smiley Samsung Smooth Samsung Solstice Samsung Solstice II Samsung SP-i600 Samsung Spex r210 Samsung SPH-i700 Samsung Stratosphere Samsung Stripe T329 Samsung Strive Samsung Sunburst Samsung Sway Samsung T109 Samsung T119 Samsung T139 Samsung T159 Samsung T201G Samsung T209 Samsung T219 Samsung T229 Samsung T239 Samsung T249 Samsung t259 Samsung T309 Samsung T319 Samsung T339 Samsung T349 Samsung T369 Samsung T401G Samsung T404G Samsung T439 Samsung T509 Samsung T519 Trace Samsung T528G Samsung T609 Samsung T619 Samsung T629 Samsung T639 Samsung t659 Samsung T719 Samsung T809 Samsung T819 Samsung Trance Samsung Transform Samsung Transform Ultra Samsung Trender Samsung U430 Samsung U450 Samsung U550 Samsung Upstage M620 Samsung VI660 Samsung Vibrant Samsung X427M Samsung X495 Samsung Z400 Samsung Z700 Samsung Zeal Sanyo 7050 Sanyo 8400 Sanyo Incognito Sanyo Innuendo Sanyo Innuendo by Kyocera Sanyo Katana Sanyo Katana DLX Sanyo Katana Eclipse Sanyo Katana Eclipse X Sanyo Katana II Sanyo Katana LX Sanyo M1 Sanyo MM-8300 Sanyo PRO-200 Sanyo PRO-700 Sanyo S1 Sanyo SCP-2400 Sanyo SCP-2700 Sanyo SCP-3100 Sanyo SCP-3200 Sanyo SCP-3810 Sanyo Taho by Kyocera Sanyo Vero by Kyocera Sanyo Zio Saygus V2 Sharp Aquos Crystal Sharp FX Sharp FX PLUS Siemens CF62T Sierra 598 USB Modem Sierra USB Lightning 305 Sierra Wireless 4G LTE Tri-Fi Hotspot Sierra Wireless AC595 PCMCIA Wireless Card Sierra Wireless AC595U USB PC/Mac Card Sierra Wireless AC597 ExpressCard PC/Mac Card Sierra Wireless AirCard 402 Sierra Wireless Compass 597 USB Modem SKY 4.0 Sky 5.0L Sonim XP STRIKE Sonim XP6 Sony C1904 Xperia M Sony Ericsson Equinox Sony Ericsson GC79 Cellular and WiFi PC Card Sony Ericsson GC89 PCMCIA PC Cell WiFi Card Sony Ericsson J220a Sony Ericsson K550 Sony Ericsson T290a Sony Ericsson T610 Sony Ericsson TM506 Sony Ericsson W580i Sony Ericsson W810i Sony Ericsson Xperia PLAY Sony Ericsson Z300 Sony Ericsson Z310a Sony Ericsson Z750a Sony Ericsson Z780 Sony Xperia E3 Sony Xperia E4 Sony Xperia M Sony Xperia M4 Aqua Sony Xperia PLAY 4G Sony Xperia T3 LTE Sony Xperia X10 Sony Xperia Z Sony Xperia Z1S Sony Xperia Z2 Sony Xperia Z3 Sony Xperia Z3 Compact Sony Xperia Z3+ Sony Xperia Z3v Sony Xperia Z4 Sony Xperia Z4 Tablet Sony Xperia Z4v Sony Xperia Z5 Sony Xperia Z5 Compact Sony Xperia Z5 Premium Spectrum 2 by LG Spectrum by LG Sprint 3G 4G U600 USB Modem Sprint 3G/4G Plug-in Connect USB Sprint 3G|4G USB 250U Sprint Flash Sprint Force Sprint LivePro Sprint Phone Connect 2 Sprint Plug-in-Connect Trimode Sprint Pocket WiFi Sprint PPC 6700 Sprint Vital Sprint WeGo T-Mobile 4G LTE HotSpot Z915 T-Mobile 4G Mobile Hotspot T-Mobile 665 T-Mobile 768 T-Mobile Comet T-Mobile Concord T-Mobile Concord II T-Mobile Dash T-Mobile Dash 3G T-Mobile G-Slate with Google T-Mobile G1 T-Mobile G2 T-Mobile G2x T-Mobile Jet 2.0 4G Stick T-Mobile MDA T-Mobile myTouch T-Mobile myTouch 3G T-Mobile myTouch 3G Slide T-Mobile myTouch 4G T-Mobile myTouch 4G Slide T-Mobile myTouch by LG T-Mobile myTouch Q T-Mobile myTouch Q by LG T-Mobile Prism T-Mobile Prism II T-Mobile Rocket 3.0 4G Laptop T-Mobile SDA T-Mobile Shadow T-Mobile Sidekick T-Mobile Sidekick 3 T-Mobile Sidekick 4G T-Mobile Sidekick iD T-Mobile Sidekick II T-Mobile Sidekick LX T-Mobile Sidekick Slide T-Mobile Sonic 4G T-Mobile Sparq T-Mobile Sparq II T-Mobile Tap T-Mobile webConnect Jet USB T-Mobile webConnect USB T-Mobile Wing Turing Phone UNIMAX MAXBravo Unimax MXE-675 UT Starcom PC-5740 UTStarcom Blitz UTStarcom CDM-8945 UTStarcom CDM-8975 UTStarcom Coupe UTStarcom PC5750 PCMCIA PC Broadband Card UTStarcom SMT5800 UTStarcom UM150 USB Modem UTStarcom UM175 USB UTStarcom XV6800 Pocket PC Verizon 4G LTE Broadband Router with Voice Verizon 4G LTE MiFi 4510L Verizon 4G LTE USB Modem 551L Verizon 4G LTE USB Modem UML295 Verizon AD3700 Global USB Verizon Adamant Verizon Blitz Verizon CDM8950 Verizon CDM8975 Verizon Ellipsis 8 Verizon Ellipsis Jetpack MHS800L Verizon Escapade Verizon GzOne Boulder Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot - MiFi 4620L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot - MiFi 5510L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot - MiFi MHS291L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot 890L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot MHS291L Verizon Jetpack MiFi 4620LE 4G LTE Verizon Jetpack MiFi 5510L 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot Verizon Jetpack MiFi 6620L Verizon Razzle Verizon SMT5800 Verizon UM175 USB Data Modem Verizon UMW190 Global USB Verizon USB760 Modem Verizon VX6900 Verizon Wireless Fivespot Global Ready 3G Mobile Hotspot Verizon Wireless Home Phone Connect Verizon Wireless Salute Verizon Wireless Turbine 7.0 Verizon Wireless USB551L Virgin Mobile Awe webConnect Rocket HSPA+ Windows Phone 8S Windows Phone 8X Xperia ion by Sony YotaPhone 2 ZTE Anthem 4G ZTE Aspect ZTE Avid 4G ZTE Axon Pro ZTE Boost Max+ ZTE Compel ZTE Concord II ZTE Force ZTE Fury ZTE Grand S3 ZTE Grand X Max+ ZTE Illustra ZTE Majesty ZTE Maven ZTE Merit ZTE Midnight ZTE Nubia 5S Mini ZTE Optik ZTE Overture 2 ZTE Prestige ZTE Quartz ZTE Rapido LTE ZTE Savvy ZTE Score M ZTE Solar ZTE Speed ZTE Supreme ZTE Unico LTE ZTE Valet ZTE Vital ZTE Warp ZTE Warp Elite ZTE Warp Sequent ZTE Warp Sync ZTE Whirl ZTE Z432 ZTE Z667 ZTE Zephyr ZTE Zinger ZTE ZMAX ZTE ZMAX 2 AT&T GoPhone $30 Monthly Plan for Smartphones AT&T GoPhone $40 Monthly Plan for Smartphones AT&T GoPhone $45 Smartphone Monthly Plan with Data AT&T GoPhone $60 Smartphone Monthly Plan with Data AT&T Mobile Share 10GB AT&T Mobile Share 15GB AT&T Mobile Share 1GB AT&T Mobile Share 20GB AT&T Mobile Share 2GB AT&T Mobile Share 300MB AT&T Mobile Share 40GB AT&T Mobile Share 4GB AT&T Mobile Share 50GB AT&T Mobile Share 6GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 10GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 15GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 1GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 20GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 25GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 2GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 300MB AT&T Mobile Share Value 30GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 3GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 40GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 50GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 5GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 60GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 6GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 7GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 8GB Boost Mobile BlackBerry Monthly Unlimited Boost Mobile Data Boost Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited Plan with Shrinking Payments Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited Select Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited with Growing Data CREDO Mobile 10GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 15GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 1GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 2GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 3GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 4GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 6GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 8GB Shared Data Plan FreedomPop Unlimited Talk & Text 1GB FreedomPop Unlimited Talk & Text 500MB GIV Mobile The 20 Plan GIV Mobile The 25 Plan GIV Mobile The 30 Plan GIV Mobile The 40 Plan GIV Mobile The 60 Plan MetroPCS $40 Unlimited Talk, Text and Data MetroPCS $50 Unlimited Talk, Text and Data MetroPCS $60 Unlimited Talk, Text and Data Net10 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data Net10 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data Family (2+ Lines) Republic Refund Plan with 0.5 GB Republic Refund Plan with 1 GB Republic Refund Plan with 2 GB Republic Refund Plan with 3 GB Republic Refund Plan with 4 GB Republic Refund Plan with 5 GB Republic Wireless $10 Plan Republic Wireless $25 Plan Republic Wireless $40 Plan Republic Wireless $5 Plan (WiFi Only) Republic Wireless Base Plan ROK Mobile Ultimate Unlimited Scratch Wireless Free Plan Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $1.99 Voice Pass Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $14.99 Voice Pass Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $6.99 Voice Pass Solavei Prepaid Unlimited Sprint $60 Unlimited Plan Sprint All-In Wireless Smartphone + Unlimited Sprint Family Share Pack 10GB Sprint Family Share Pack 12GB Sprint Family Share Pack 16GB Sprint Family Share Pack 1GB Sprint Family Share Pack 20GB Sprint Family Share Pack 2GB Sprint Family Share Pack 32GB Sprint Family Share Pack 40GB Sprint Family Share Pack 4GB Sprint Family Share Pack 60GB Sprint Family Share Pack 8GB Sprint Prepaid $60 Unlimited Talk, Text & Data Sprint Prepaid Unlimited Voice and Texting Sprint Simply Unlimited Plan for iPhone 6 & iPhone 6 Plus Sprint Unlimited My All-In Sprint Unlimited My Way Sprint Unlimited My Way Family Straight Talk All You Need Straight Talk Unlimited T-Mobile Simple Choice T-Mobile Simple Choice Family (Includes 2+ Lines) T-Mobile Simple Starter Plan T-Mobile Simply Prepaid T-Mobile Unlimited Talk and Text T-Mobile Unlimited Web and Text TextNow Wireless Grande Plan TextNow Wireless Quattro Plan TextNow Wireless Tall Plan TextNow Wireless Venti Plan The Verizon Plan - 100GB The Verizon Plan - 20GB The Verizon Plan - 25GB The Verizon Plan - 30GB The Verizon Plan - 40GB The Verizon Plan - 50GB The Verizon Plan - 60GB The Verizon Plan - 80GB The Verizon Plan - L The Verizon Plan - M The Verizon Plan - S The Verizon Plan - XL The Verizon Plan - XXL Ting L Plan Ting M Plan Ting S Plan Ting XL Plan TracFone 120 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan TracFone 200 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan TracFone 450 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan US Mobile 100 Mins Talk US Mobile 1000 Mins Talk US Mobile 2000 Mins Talk US Mobile 250 Mins Talk US Mobile 500 Mins Talk Verizon 100GB More Everything Verizon 10GB More Everything Verizon 14GB More Everything Verizon 15GB More Everything Verizon 16GB More Everything Verizon 20GB More Everything Verizon 2GB More Everything Verizon 30GB More Everything Verizon 40GB More Everything Verizon 4GB More Everything Verizon 500MB More Everything Verizon 50GB More Everything Verizon 60GB More Everything Verizon 80GB More Everything Verizon 8GB More Everything Verizon Prepaid Smartphone Plan Verizon Wireless Smartphone Single Line Plan Virgin Mobile payLo 1500 Talk & Text Virgin Mobile payLo 400 Minutes Virgin Mobile payLo Unlimited Talk & Text Virgin Mobile Unlimited + International + Extra Virgin Mobile Unlimited + More Data Virgin Mobile Unlimited Everything + International Number of Lines - Any - 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 Minutes Unlimited Messages: 500 Data Select the amount of total data you need for the entire plan. For example, if you need 2 lines with 1 GB of data each, you would select 2 GB of data with the data slider below. - Any -05KB50MB30MB100MB150MB200MB250MB300MB400MB500MB600MB700MB800MB900MB1GB1.5GB2GB2.5GB3GB4GB5GB6GB7GB8GB10GB12GB14GB15GB16GB18GB20GB25GB30GB32GB35GB40GB50GB60GB80GB100GB120GBUnlimited - Plans Home Phone Savings Home Phone Service Savings popular topics Android Data Featured News/Articles Rate plans Rumors Site announcements Software updates T-mobile Promotions Tablet Tips and Tricks Upcoming Phones Upcoming Services Windows Phone PhoneDog Samsung debuts Pirates of the Caribbean Galaxy S8 Google Photos can suggest photos for you to archive AT&T offering $10 DirecTV Now to Unlimited Choice customers LG Pay officially launches Verizon launching new prepaid plans on June 6th T-Mobile launching two iPhone deals today ZTE Nubia Z17 debuts with Snapdragon 835, up to 8GB of RAM Android And Me SUCCESS : automatic purge url cache SUCCESS : automatic purge url cache Google Photos gains ability to suggest Verizon will update its prepaid plans Google plans to block ads in Chrome TodaysiPhone Today is the last day to purchase Apple’s Australian banks officially denied right iPhone 7 will now be officially available iFixit teardown finds that new low-cost Apple Pay now launching in Taiwan with App Store approval now rejecting applications Apple released a number of security About PhoneDog PhoneDog is one of the largest and most popular interactive mobile news and reviews resource that attracts a community of more than 2.5 million unique visitors each month. The site may have a "cute" name, but it offers up serious editorial content and video reviews that users rely on to make important decisions about their next mobile purchases. PhoneDog Media Family PhoneDog - Cell phone news Android And Me - Google & Android TmoNews - The Unofficial T-Mobile Blog TodaysiPhone - iPhone News & Rumors Company About us In the press Advertising info Jobs & careers Terms of Use Privacy policy Popular Reviews Rumors Upcoming Phones Rate plans Research & Shop Buying guide Phone finder Compare plans Phone specials Long distance © 2001-2017 PhoneDog, LLC. Reproduction without explicit permission is prohibited. All rights reserved.
Skip to main content Home News Senate House Campaign Administration Business Regulation Media Briefing Room State Watch Latino Polls 12:30 Report Floor Action In The Know Sunday Talk Shows Policy Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Regulation Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Opinion Contributors Columnists Become a contributor Congress Blog Video Campaign Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Sunday Shows Events Lawmaker Interviews Events Upcoming Events Past Events About People Campaign Follow Us Facebook Twitter Google Plus LinkedIn  TheHill.com © 1996-2017 News Communication Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Top menu News Senate House Administration Campaign Business Regulation Media Briefing Room State Watch Latino Polls 12:30 Report Floor Action In The Know Sunday Talk Shows Policy Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Opinion Contributors Columnists Become a Contributor Congress Blog Video Campaign Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Sunday Shows Events Lawmaker Interviews Events Upcoming Events About Jobs Facebook Twitter Google Plus LinkedIn  Search form Search TRENDING: Donald Trump ObamaCare Russia Just In... Trump: 'I will do what is necessary' in wake of London attack Blog Briefing Room — 3h 54m ago Trump to announce plan to privatize air traffic control: reports Administration — 4h 3m ago Putin denies having compromising info on Trump Blog Briefing Room — 4h 4m ago Putin pleads ignorance on Trump campaign meetings Blog Briefing Room — 5h 4m ago ISIS claims responsibility for London Bridge attack Blog Briefing Room — 6h 22m ago London a reminder that deadly political correctness perpetuates terrorism Contributors — 6h 22m ago Five things lawmakers want to know from Comey National Security — 6h 53m ago World Bank predicts modest economic growth in 2017 Blog Briefing Room — 7h 14m ago view all   Is it still possible to stop ‘Big Tech’ from killing democracy? By Robert Epstein, opinion contributor - 05/28/17 06:00 PM EDT 42   Over the last decade, many influential people have wondered whether “Big Tech” and democracy can coexist. They have included Stanford legal scholar Nathaniel Persily, distinguished journalist Thomas Edsall, and Robert Reich, who served as secretary of labor under President Clinton. The latest take on the issue is an engaging book by Jonathan Taplin, former director of the Annenberg Innovation Lab at the University of Southern California and, in earlier manifestations, tour manager for Bob Dylan and a film producer for Martin Scorsese. The subtitle conveys a quick overview: “How Facebook, Google, and Amazon Cornered Culture and Undermined Democracy.” “Move fast and break things” — Taplin’s title — was, at least until 2014, the corporate philosophy of Facebook’s Mark Zuckerberg. Taplin interprets that philosophy liberally and applies it to several Big Tech moguls, especially PayPal co-founder Peter Thiel; Google co-founder Larry Page; Amazon founder Jeff Bezos. In its original use, the phrase described the rapid deployment of innovative software projects. But to Taplin, it means something much darker: to replace all the failing systems of society with technological systems controlled by benevolent billionaires. ADVERTISEMENT Once these new systems are in place, Taplin says (quoting Israeli historian Yuval Noah Harari), “humans will lose their authority, and humanist practices such as democratic elections will become as obsolete as rain dances and flint knives.”   He reports, accurately, that Google now dominates five of the six billion-user online markets — browsers, video, mobile, search and maps — and that Facebook dominates the only other such market — social media. He also asserts that some of the Big Tech execs have megalomaniacal ideas about the duty they have to save the world while becoming even more obscenely rich, much like the supermen they admire in Ayn Rand’s “Atlas Shrugged.” But Taplin seems unaware of the immense powers these new supermen are actually wielding. Since 2013, my research team and I have been studying new forms of influence the Internet has made possible that are unprecedented in human history. We have not been studying “fake news,” which is a very visible and old form of influence that mainly serves to confirm the beliefs people already have. And no, we have not been studying how negative messages can spread like wildfire through social interactions — also a very old and visible form of influence. The impact of such mechanisms is trivial compared with the new techniques, such as the Search Engine Manipulation Effect (SEME), which Taplin mentions. Ronald Robertson and I discovered SEME in 2013, showing that biased search results can invisibly shift the voting preferences of undecided voters by between 20 and 80 percent. But SEME is only one of four powerful new forms of influence my colleagues and I have discovered in recent years, and I’m sure there are others, with new ones coming soon. New forms of influence like SEME are now affecting the decisions of billions of people every day without their knowledge. The Big Tech oligarchs are well aware of their new powers. As Google’s Eric Schmidt said onstage a few days after the November 2016 election, “How people get their information, what they believe, what they don’t, is, I think, the project for the next decade” (click here for the video). And evidence is mounting that they are actually using these tools. As we recently reported, in 2016, Robertson and I recruited a Nielsen-type network of field agents who allowed us to track their election-related searches for nearly six months before Election Day. Based on the 13,207 searches and 98,044 web pages we captured using this new monitoring system, we found that Google’s search results were biased toward Hillary ClintonHillary Rodham ClintonFive things lawmakers want to know from Comey Dems want Hillary Clinton to leave spotlight Huckabee: 'Hillary needs to get over herself' MORE in all ten of the top search results over most of this period — enough, perhaps, to have invisibly shifted more than two million votes. I’m now working with colleagues from Princeton, Stanford and elsewhere to expand the monitoring system so the manipulative shenanigans of Big Tech companies can be continuously monitored on a large scale. Exposing online manipulations might finally force Big Tech companies to be accountable to the public and might even save democracy. This brings me to my one gripe about Taplin’s book. Toward the end of this disturbing tale of greedy billionaires, he finally gets to his solutions: Facebook and Google, he says, must “alter their business model,” although he has no idea how to make this happen. Anyway, he says, maybe we can build a “parallel structure” of “nonprofit distribution cooperatives” that will once again allow creative artists to earn a decent living. Seriously. That’s it.  That’s how this illuminating book ends. Whatever happened to saving democracy? To Mr. Taplin I say: How about joining my colleagues and me in building a worldwide monitoring system that will force Big Tech companies, now and in the future, to behave responsibly? Robert Epstein (@DrREpstein) is senior research psychologist at the American Institute for Behavioral Research and Technology in Vista, California. He holds a PhD from Harvard University, and has published fifteen books on artificial intelligence and other topics. He is also the former editor-in-chief of Psychology Today. The views expressed by contributors are their own and are not the views of The Hill. Tags Hillary Clinton   View the discussion thread. Contributor's Signup Sign up to become a Contributor Most Popular Most Popular Discussed Past: 1 day 1 Dems want Hillary Clinton to leave... Democrats say they’d like Hillary Clinton to take a cue from President... 879 Shares 2 CNN host calls President Trump 'a... CNN host Reza Aslan called President Trump "a piece of s---" and "an... 441 Shares 3 Five things lawmakers want to know... Former FBI Director James Comey is scheduled to testify this week before... 232 Shares 4 High-stakes Georgia race puts... Democrats are under pressure to pull off a win in Georgia's open House... 228 Shares 5 Ex-Obama speechwriter: US is one '... President Obama's former speechwriter warned that President Trump's tweets... 173 Shares 6 Trump to announce plan to... President Trump will reportedly introduce a plan on Monday to privatize... 158 Shares 7 ACLU to Trump: 'Glad we both agree... The American Civil Liberties Union tweeted their thanks to President Trump... 145 Shares 8 Gore: Trump administration comes... Former Vice President Al Gore on Sunday said the Trump administration... 119 Shares 9 MSNBC anchor: Is Trump 'trying to... MSNBC anchor Thomas Roberts twice asked if President Trump "is trying to... 115 Shares 10 LA mayor: Immigration arrests... Los Angeles Mayor Eric Garcetti in a recent radio interview said he is... 107 Shares 11 London a reminder that deadly... OPINION | Trump is one of few world leaders who is taking the threat of... 69 Shares 12 Trump: 'I will do what is... President Trump pledged Sunday to prevent future terror strikes in the U.S... 61 Shares 13 States scramble to prevent... They are offering insurers new, previously unheard of flexibilities to try... 59 Shares 14 White House to ramp up... Trump will participate in a string of high-profile events aimed at ramping... 57 Shares 15 Trump reignites debate over travel... President Trump this weekend reignited the debate over his travel ban... 56 Shares Load more More From The Web SPONSORED Don't miss a brief. Sign up for our daily email. Your Email News Senate House Campaign Administration Regulation Media Briefing Room Latino Polls 12:30 Report Floor Action In The Know Sunday Talk Shows More Policy Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology International Transportation Cybersecurity National Security More Video Latest Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Sunday Shows Events More Opinion Columnists Contributors Congress Blog More TheHill.com Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Contact Subscriptions Advertise Resources The Hill Apps Mobile Site People RSS Contributors Become a Contributor Other Areas Special Reports Galleries Classifieds Jobs The Hill 1625 K Street, NW Suite 900 Washington DC 20006 | 202-628-8500 tel | 202-628-8503 fax The contents of this site are ©2017 Capitol Hill Publishing Corp., a subsidiary of News Communications, Inc.
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Try Yahoo Finance on Firefox » Yahoo Search Search Sign in Finance Home Originals Events Personal Finance Technology Markets Industries My Screeners My Portfolio U.S. Markets open in 8 hrs 9 mins S&P 500 2,439.07 +9.01 (+0.37%) Dow 30 21,206.29 +62.11 (+0.29%) Android Malware ‘Judy’ Hits as Many as 36.5 Million Phones David Z. Morris Fortune May 28, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Share Android Malware 'Judy' Hits as Many as 36.5 Million PhonesMore The security firm Checkpoint on Thursday uncovered dozens of Android applications that infected users' devices with malicious ad-click software. In at least one case, an app bearing the malware was available through the Play app store for more than a year. While the actual extent of the malicious code's spread is unknown, Checkpoint says it may have reached as many as 36.5 million users, making it potentially the most widely-spread malware yet found on Google Play. Google removed the apps after being notified by Checkpoint. Get Data Sheet, Fortune's technology newsletter. The malicious apps primarily included a series of casual cooking and fashion games under the "Judy" brand, a name borrowed for the malware itself. The nefarious nature of the programs went unnoticed in large part, according to Checkpoint, because its malware payload was downloaded from a non-Google server after the programs were installed. The code would then use the infected phone to click on Google ads, generating fraudulent revenue for the attacker. The infection may have spread even more widely than Checkpoint's estimates, since not all of the extensive line of "Judy" apps are included on Checkpoint's tally - it's missing Fashion Judy: Magic Girl Style and Fashion Judy: Masquerade Style, among others. All installments of the series do appear to have been pulled from Google Play. The "Judy" apps were published by an apparently Korean entity known as ENISTUDIO. However, iterations of the same attack were found on a handful of apps from other publishers. This is not the first instance of a malware infestation making it through the screening process on Google Play, nor is it the most damaging - Checkpoint did not find any evidence, for instance, that "Judy" compromised data on infected phones. That Judy was able to hide on Google Play for so long highlights the tradeoffs of Android operating system, which is often seen as more open but less secure than Apple's iOS. See original article on Fortune.com More from Fortune.com The iPhone Decade Legendary Techie James Gosling Joins Amazon Web Services Google Is Getting Rid of Those Weird Android Emoji Blobs Google Assistant Will Soon Take on Siri on Apple iPhones Near You Audi and Volvo Are Getting Google Android Fever Reblog Share Tweet Share Recently Viewed Your list is empty. What to Read Next In San Francisco, $160,000 gets you a storage locker Yahoo Finance Osteens Finally Clear Up The Controversial Rumors TheBlaze.comSponsored CNN host calls Trump a 'piece of s---' over response to London attack Business Insider 'I sit back and wait for them to fire me': A former Googler explains the secret to success over 15 years at the company Business Insider Massive iPhone 8 Leak 'Confirms' 15 New Features Forbes Cleans Better with Fewer Sheets* CharminSponsored What to watch in the markets in the week ahead Yahoo Finance Video Gmail 'Smart Reply' feature is a reminder Google scans your email Yahoo Finance Married couples have 81 ways to claim Social Security. Here's how to maximize your benefits CNBC Top 8 Credit Cards If You Have Excellent Credit CompareCards.comSponsored US embassy in London directly contradicts Trump's Twitter attack on London's mayor Business Insider 'Aren't you focusing on the wrong thing?': Anchors grill EPA administrator over leaving Paris agreement Business Insider Rumor claims Apple’s MacBook Air line is dead BGR News This Technology Will Be Bigger Than the Internet The Sovereign InvestorSponsored Inventor of "Iron Man" jet suit beats his own speed record Yahoo Finance Video 5 biggest money mistakes new grads make Yahoo Finance J.K. Rowling’s powerful responses to the London terrorist attacks remind us why she’s the queen of Twitter john: Get out on the streets and leave your bodyguards behind. I sure you will be safe. Join the Conversation 1 / 5 1.3k
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us ... Editorial: Assistant is the key to Google's Android Automotive project Ryan Whitwam Follow View All Posts 2017/05/22 10:46am PDTMay 22, 2017 11 Plus 1 on G+ 37 Share on Facebook 50 Share on Twitter Total Shares98 Android OS News Videos Google spent much of the I/O 2017 keynote talking about machine learning. In fact, we heard the phrase "AI first" as a description of Google's current plans. You probably have a little sliver of Google's AI capabilities in your pocket right now—Google Assistant. There's one place in particular Google really wants Assistant to live, and that's in your car. Voice commands in general are extremely well-suited to the car, so it should come as no surprise that Google had two Assistant-infused "Android Automotive" demos on-hand at I/O—one from Volvo (above) and another from Audi. It's more clear now than ever that Google wants to be the smart interface for your car, and it plans to do it with Assistant. Your car with Android The Android Automotive project (just an internal name for now) was rumored in 2016, and the first demo of such a system was showcased at CES early this year. This is distinct from Android Auto, which Google released alongside Lollipop. However, it took several months before the first aftermarket head units and new cars arrived with support for the platform. Progress on Auto has been slow ever since. It does barely anything now that it couldn't do at launch. Perhaps that's because Google is currently more interested in making Android the car's operating system. With Android Auto, your phone simply projects an interface to the car's display, but Android Automotive is a car that actually runs Android as its infotainment system. There have been cars running Android before—many Honda and Hyundai vehicles still do, actually. They're very old builds that are almost completely unrecognizable as Android, though. By working with automakers, Google can make the interface more modern and get its services embedded in the car. The two Android Automotive concepts being demoed at I/O were surprisingly full-featured. Check out our video from the event if you want to see how Android in the car actually works. One of the first things you'll notice about this new take on Android in the car is that it's fast... well, faster than Android Auto. Android Auto tends to lag heavily at times for no discernible reason. The fact that it's still preferable to the stock in-car software is a testament to how little automakers have innovated in this space. The two interfaces demoed were also very different from each other, indicating Google might give automakers even more freedom to modify Android than phone OEMs do. Actually, the Volvo interface was visually similar to Volvo's current software (which is not Nougat, obviously). Both demos were based on Android 7.0 with an eye toward migrating to Android O when it's final. Importantly, Android Automotive runs Google services and Android apps without connecting an Android phone. The apps are essentially the same as the ones you currently use in Android Auto. They're limited to audio and messaging apps, and you do have to wonder how long those apps and services will be up to date. Phone updates can take ages, and cars could be much worse. Assistant everywhere An often expressed fear is that a car with Android-based infotainment features will eventually become extremely outdated. After all, you keep a car much longer than you do a phone. Will the apps and services running on that car ever be updated? Will developers eventually drop support for in-car apps on these older versions of Android? There are a lot of unknowns right now. Audi's Demo Googlers seem to have a go-to line when you ask about updates to Android-infused cars—they talk about Project Treble. Google is cognizant of the fact that automakers seldom update the software on cars, but the hope is that updates will still happen occasionally if Google can make it easier. There's also a lot of talk about Assistant in the car, and I had several Googlers cite this as a way to make apps and services more accessible while you're driving regardless of what version of Android your car runs. Apps installed in the car might not be updated very quickly (or at all), but that's not a concern in the cloud. After connecting an app or service to Assistant, it's accessible from your phone, a Google Home, Android Auto, or even a car running Android that hasn't seen an update lately. Thus, developers don't necessarily have to worry about specifically supporting old versions of Android in the car, they simply need to take advantage of Assistant. You can do things with Assistant voice commands that are very much outside the bounds of road-safe media and messaging apps. Assistant's smarter voice commands have the potential to be extremely useful while you're driving. There was a wall of smart home devices next to the Volvo car in order to demonstrate how you could adjust your humble abode in advance of your arrival. Hot day? Crank the AC before you roll into the driveway. You also have more control over the car with Assistant as part of the car's OS—for instance, you could control the climate or open the sunroof, which isn't feasible in Android Auto. Having Assistant built into the car also means more people will use it. Even iOS users who don't have an Android phone to plug in will be able to use Assistant in these vehicles, and that gets them into the Google ecosystem. Assistant is very much hit or miss right now. Sometimes you ask Assistant a question or issue a command only to be greeted with a cloyingly polite apology. Still, it's getting better, and some of the things Google demoed could be great experiences. Regardless of possible update issues down the road, Google's involvement with car infotainment will lead to more modern versions of Android at launch, and Assistant could help your car's software remain useful. Tags android auto android automotive Google google assistant io17 io2017 video subscribe ... Previous Story The 'Swipe for notifications' gesture now matches device orientation for Nexuses running Android O ... Next Story AT&T's LG Phoenix 2 has received Android 7.0 Nougat Trending 78 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 88 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 Comments needa This i/o shed a bit of light on how far assistant can go. At least for me. Impatiently waiting... ShahinTr All we need is our Assistant to be voiced as Kitt. https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/7d287ac75059f48cc9bac82680837bc707448769b35d9a2c20ef2af572856780.jpg JG That would be awesome... A customized "Hey KITT" trigger phase would be great to, though doubtful they'd ever make one without Google in it. Daniel Actually, now that we have an SDK for Google Assistant, I'm pretty sure that's very close to happening. Leon I'd also settle for Majel Barrett. Jacquilinefpaniagua Google is paying 97$ per hour! Work for few hours & have longer with friends and family! !sc165c: On tuesday I got a great new Land Rover Range Rover from having earned $8752 this last four weeks.. Its the most-financialy rewarding I've had.. Follow this link for more information !sc165c: ➽➽ ➽➽;➽➽ http://GoogleFinancialCashJobs465DirectStockGetPaid$97/Hour... ★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫::::::!sc165c:....,..... Drinster I think the UI looks terrible the demo from last year in the Maserati looks way more better. Rawhi Mohammad SEXXXXXXY I WANT IT.. #APKPLZ xfullmetal17 Because the OEMs hadn't gotten their fingers all over the UI in the Maserati last year. iampwd One thing is for sure, I want that car. Oleg Vorkunov Google now worked much better than assistant. Now I want to throw my watch and phone away. leganzish Android Auto is as good as dead. It barely got more functional since its introduction and will only languish more now that Google has moved on. The thing I don't like is the car being data independent. That's the beauty of the "projection" method of Android Auto. I don't want to live in a future where I have a data connection for my phone, my tablet, my watch, my car, my refrigerator, my washer, and my dryer. I want a data connection for my phone and everything else to be able to piggy-back off of that. whispy_snippet I really doubt it's dead. What about the millions of people who don't intend to buy a car for years or have just bought a car with Android Auto? The majority of people sit in this category. Sure, "Automotive" is probably the future. But I think Android Auto has plenty more to come. leganzish I'm not saying its going to disappear of the face of the earth tomorrow. Just that it will languish. It has already had fairly slow adoption. I would expect adoption rates to slow now that Google has tipped their hand on the next automotive initiative. If consumers get frustrated at the Hangouts situation, I think the very careful/conservative (when it comes to tech progress) automotive brands will be extremely hesitant to invest in Android Auto when it appears to have fallen out of Google's favor. whispy_snippet Hmmm I'm still not convinced. For one, getting car makers to adopt Android Auto has been challenging enough. Convincing hundreds of car makers to suddenly drop their existing operating systems and hand full control to Google is going to take a lot of persuasion and a lot of time. In the short to mid term it's going to be easier to convince car makers to offer a "plug and play" connectivity feature that consumers demand, without the need to cede full control to Google. Remember, a lot of people use iPhones and will demand Apple CarPlay in their next vehicle. Do you think Apple is going to develop a CarPlay app for Android Automotive? I've no doubt Android Automotive is what Google sees as the end goal. But developing a full featured car OS from the ground up, for every single car maker, is an enormous task. In the meantime there are millions and millions of car owners out there with no intention of buying a new vehicle for years. Google has recognised this and its why Android Auto can now run as a stand alone app on phones. And because this app can run on millions of phones, it offers developers plenty of incentive to support it (and thus support Android Auto as a platform broadly). leganzish All good points. I completely agree with you on what consumers and car makers will want. I just fear that Google will ignore Android Auto for the sake of Android Automotive. They've got history of continuing to support "first ideas" along side "second ideas" (Gmail alongside Inbox) and history of neglecting the first after a competing project launches. I'll be interested to see which way this goes. xyz Those people will be stuck on old versions that will never be updated. Standard Google policy. If the car owners have any sense, they'll switch to Apple for their future auto software needs. Filipe Santos Car Assistant first, Waze last JasonIvers Android Automotive is still better than some proprietary junk infotainment system from a car manufacturer, even if it's never updated at all. At least you have a reasonably good chance third-party developers will actually build something for it without having to be paid to do so. whispy_snippet My biggest worry about our new world of connected cars is security. Just wait until someone hacks a vehicle's control inputs and causes a crash. What are Google, Apple, car manufacturers, etc going to do about this looming question? abqnm I think that would come down to car manufacturers hardening and isolating essential control systems so they can't be accessed in the event the infotainment system is hacked and somehow allows access to the CAN-BUS. Still, even with access to CAN-BUS, proprietary software over encrypted connections is generally required to access control systems. So it's not like someone can just hack the infotainment system and suddenly can control your steering remotely. There would be a massive amount of protocol reverse-engineering work needed, and it would be on a per-model, per-software build, per-control surface basis. The Jeep exploit that was demoed a couple years back required them to reverse engineer and spend many hundreds of hours to do so. It's a concern, sure, but not a major one. whispy_snippet If a car being hacked could result in someone's death then I would consider it a major concern. The reputation of connected cars and their associated manufacturers and developers are at stake. Just one death as a result of a car being hacked could ripple through the media and cause millions to question the safety of something like Android Automotive. I obviously don't understand how one would hack a car and I'm sure it's ridiculously complex. But if it's possible, I really hope the companies that have our lives in their hands are doing everything they can to mitigate a disaster. It might sound dramatic, but I think it's really important to keep asking these questions. Software exploits are rare, but every now and again we see even the big companies drop the ball (Apple with its iCloud brute force hack, Google with its Google Docs exploit, Microsoft and the ransomware attack). If computers and software are vulnerable, that makes cars with computers and software vulnerable. And when you're hurtling along at 60mph that's well worth our concern. 1966CAH If? It's been done already! https://arstechnica.com/security/2015/07/fiat-chrysler-recalls-1-4-million-cars-over-remote-hack-vulnerability/ Sure, malicious hackers didn't do it, but the remote vulnerability was exploitable over the internet. It's not the only one of its kind, but the most severe I've read about. abqnm Since it relies on assistant, does that mean that all cars must now have a data connection? Does or can it use the phone's data connection? There was no indication of connection sharing in the Volvo demo. I really don't want to see cars that I have to pay a monthly subscription fee for a data connection just to be able to tell it to turn off my seat heater. RyanWhitwam The demo cars both had dedicated LTE. That's the way it works right now. Presumably, it would be possible to share the data connection, but that would be up to automakers. whispy_snippet Surely a wireless charging pad with NFC that triggers a WiFi tether arrangement makes sense. Every phone in the near future and onward is going to have wireless charging - we just need an agreed standard of course... ekngee i think Android Automotive is more of a motive-ational push to say "hey, it's easy to use Android to build your infotainment system, rather than do your own from scratch". Android Auto should still stay, because as stated, updates are a big unknown, so i'd rather be safe updating my phone than the car. SAM Few years down the road, people will be talking about android fragmentation on cars, how only 1% of cars are on latest Android version and Android O still wont die. xyz No thanks, don't want malware in my car. Nor do I want to buy a new car every 2 years. I'll stick to Apple on this one. Follow Android Police 1.49M 472k 145k 119k Latest Deals 9 [Deal Alert] Chromecast Ultra is $59.99 ($10 off) at Google Store, Best Buy, B&H and others 2017/06/04 12:16pm PDTJun 4, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] Google Home is $109 ($20 off) at Best Buy, Google Store, B&H, and others 2017/06/04 10:07am PDTJun 4, 2017 12 [Deal Alert] Kick off the weekend with 24 temporarily free and 52 on-sale apps 2017/06/03 6:50pm PDTJun 3, 2017 18 [Deal Alert] Get a Nextbit Robin for $129.99 on eBay 2017/06/03 9:39am PDTJun 3, 2017 33 [Deal Alert] A Stork's Journey is currently free on Google Play Movies & TV 2017/06/01 10:50pm PDTJun 1, 2017 Latest Poll How many photos are on your Google Photos account? Under 100 100-999 1,000-2,499 2,500-4,999 5,000-9,999 10,000-19,999 20,000-39,999 More than 40,000. View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 67 Asus ZenFone 3 Zoom review: A promising phone that falls victim to bad software and cut corners 2017/05/31 2:21pm PDTMay 31, 2017 113 AOSPA (Paranoid Android) review: back from the dead, and we're thrilled 2017/05/31 9:47am PDTMay 31, 2017 29 Tag Heuer Connected Modular 45 review: It seems like $1,500 should get you more 2017/05/29 9:57am PDTMay 29, 2017 74 [Update, G+ Post] Francisco Franco makes his productivity timer 5217 free to try 2017/05/16 10:01am PDTMay 16, 2017 290 HTC U11 hands-on: HTC gets a little closer to the mark 2017/05/16 12:02am PDTMay 16, 2017 Latest Roundups 13 29 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/24/17 - 5/31/17) 2017/05/31 10:20am PDTMay 31, 2017 8 10 new and notable Android apps from the last week (5/23/17 - 5/29/17) 2017/05/29 12:49pm PDTMay 29, 2017 13 31 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/17/17 - 5/23/17) 2017/05/23 3:06pm PDTMay 23, 2017 16 12 new and notable Android apps and live wallpapers from the last week (5/16/17 - 5/22/17) 2017/05/22 12:48pm PDTMay 22, 2017 16 29 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/10/17 - 5/16/17) 2017/05/16 4:22pm PDTMay 16, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 18 Boost for Reddit removed from Play Store for alleged promotion of drugs, still not back after a week 2017/06/04 4:25pm PDTJun 4, 2017 112 Weekend poll: How many photos are synced to your Google Photos account? 2017/06/04 3:44pm PDTJun 4, 2017 28 Tasker beta v5 brings a fresh Material Design look and a huge list of other changes 2017/06/03 7:27pm PDTJun 3, 2017 12 [Deal Alert] Kick off the weekend with 24 temporarily free and 52 on-sale apps 2017/06/03 6:50pm PDTJun 3, 2017 76 Samsung uploads its Device Maintenance tool to the Play Store 2017/06/03 6:01pm PDTJun 3, 2017 Blast from the Past 60 1 Year Ago Today More Motorola Leaks: 'Style Mod' Replaceable Covers For The Moto X/Z And DROID Come In A Variety Of Materials 2016/06/04 12:27pm PDTJun 4, 2016 40 2 Years Ago Today Chrome Beta v44 Comes With Improvements To 'Native App' And 'Add To Homescreen' Banners, New Push API Features, And More [APK Download] 2015/06/04 5:14pm PDTJun 4, 2015 129 3 Years Ago Today YouTube v5.7 For Android Finally Lets You Select Exact Streaming Quality, As Long As It's 720p Or Lower [APK Download] 2014/06/04 6:16pm PDTJun 4, 2014 3 4 Years Ago Today Google Posts Glass XE6 Factory Image For Your Flashing Pleasure 2013/06/04 8:31pm PDTJun 4, 2013 16 5 Years Ago Today [Update: Pre-Orders Are Live] Sprint Announces The Galaxy S III Available June 21, Pre-Orders Start June 5 - $199 For 16GB, $249 For 32GB 2012/06/04 10:55pm PDTJun 4, 2012 327 6 Years Ago Today [Book Giveaway #2] Looking To Get Into Android Development? We're Giving Away "Hello, Android" To A Lucky Reader 2011/06/04 7:16pm PDTJun 4, 2011 2 7 Years Ago Today HTC EVO 4G OTA Update Comes Out In Time For Launch, Fixes SD Card Problems, Patches Security Issues, But Disables Root - Available Via WiFi As Well 2010/06/04 6:44pm PDTJun 4, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 112 Weekend poll: How many photos are synced to your Google Photos account? 2017/06/04 3:44pm PDTJun 4, 2017 35 It's not just you—there's a widespread Google Home outage 2017/06/04 12:04pm PDTJun 4, 2017 61 Samsung opens up its browser to some non-Samsung devices on the Play Store 2017/06/04 10:30am PDTJun 4, 2017 29 Motorola rolling out Android 7.1.1 to the Moto Z Play 2017/06/04 8:45am PDTJun 4, 2017 18 Boost for Reddit removed from Play Store for alleged promotion of drugs, still not back after a week 2017/06/04 4:25pm PDTJun 4, 2017 Last 7 Days 28 Google Photos v2.16 prepares to upgrade the camera shortcut, suggest photos to archive, and more [APK Teardown + Download] 2017/05/31 11:36pm PDTMay 31, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] Here are 38 temporarily free and 72 on-sale apps, plus both 0.10 Apps of the Week 2017/05/31 2:08pm PDTMay 31, 2017 501 [Update: New details plus Andy Rubin interview] The Essential phone is official, with an edge-to-edge display and the world's smallest 360-degree camera accessory 2017/05/30 7:48am PDTMay 30, 2017 76 Samsung uploads its Device Maintenance tool to the Play Store 2017/06/03 6:01pm PDTJun 3, 2017 24 Plex Live TV is now available for all Plex Pass subscribers, tuner required 2017/06/01 6:00am PDTJun 1, 2017 Last 30 Days 78 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 88 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 28 Google Photos v2.16 prepares to upgrade the camera shortcut, suggest photos to archive, and more [APK Teardown + Download] 2017/05/31 11:36pm PDTMay 31, 2017 94 The Play Store adopts new app and notification icons with v7.8.16 [APK Download] 2017/05/10 6:25pm PDTMay 10, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Advertise | Contact 116 queries | 0.564s | hive Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
Login _ Social Sharing Find TechSpot on... Facebook Twitter YouTube Instagram Subscribe to TechSpot RSS Get our weekly newsletter Search TechSpot Trending Hardware The Web Culture Mobile Gaming Apple Microsoft Google Reviews Outstanding Laptops Graphics Smartphones CPUs Storage Cases Keyboard & Mice Features Must Reads PC Buying Guide Hardware Software Gaming Tips & Tricks Best Of Downloads Latest Downloads Popular Apps Editors Picks Device Drivers Product Finder New Releases New PC Games Laptops Smartphones Routers Storage Motherboards Monitors Forums Community Activity Today's Posts News Around the Web Weekend tech reading: PC could learn something about 4K from PS4 Pro, build your own VPN By Matthew DeCarlo on May 28, 2017, 9:30 AM TechSpot 4K gaming: what can PC learn from PlayStation Pro? Checkerboarding, upscaling, temporal anti-aliasing, dynamic resolution. Let's give credit where it's due: at its best, PlayStation 4 Pro's utilisation of these techniques produces some impressive results for 4K displays - no mean feat considering that the Pro's GPU is relatively underpowered compared to today's mainstream PC graphics hardware. And this led us to wonder - what if those techniques were rolled out in the PC space? Could the cost of admission to the world of 4K gaming drop dramatically if the techniques championed by Sony worked just as effectively for PC gamers? EuroGamer Report: More than half of streaming users are sharing their passwords There’s no denying that the television landscape is changing the days, with cable TV putting up dismal numbers (their worst ever, actually). But as more people migrate to streaming video, the scenery there is changing as well. Nearly 3 out of every 4 (72% exactly) Americans who have cable also have access to at least one streaming service and 8% of cable subscribers plan to eliminate their service in the next year. But that doesn’t necessarily mean they’re paying for their streaming service. Streaming Observer A year of Google & Apple maps Shortly after I published my Cartography Comparison last June, I noticed Google updating some of the areas we had focused on: Coincidence or not, it was interesting. And it made me wonder what else would change, if we kept watching. Would Google keep adding detail? And would Apple, like Google, also start making changes? So I wrote a script that takes monthly screenshots of Google and Apple Maps.1 And thirteen months later, we now have a year’s worth of images... Justin O'Beirne How Facebook's tentacles reach further than you think Facebook's collection of data makes it one of the most influential organisations in the world. Share Lab wanted to look "under the bonnet" at the tech giant's algorithms and connections to better understand the social structure and power relations within the company. A couple of years ago, Vladan Joler and his brainy friends in Belgrade began investigating the inner workings of one of the world's most powerful corporations. BBC Google's AlphaGo retires on top after humbling world No. 1 The Google-owned computer algorithm AlphaGo is retiring from playing humans in the ancient Chinese game of Go after roundly defeating the world's top player this week, its developer said Saturday. AlphaGo defeated brash 19-year-old world number one Ke Jie of China on Saturday to sweep a three-game series that was closely watched as a measure of how far artificial intelligence (AI) has come. Phys.org How to build your own VPN if you’re (rightfully) wary of commercial options In the wake of this spring's Senate ruling nixing FCC privacy regulations imposed on ISPs, you may be (even more) worried about how your data is used, misused, and abused. There have been a lot of opinions on this topic since, ranging from "the sky is falling" to "move along, citizen, nothing to see here." Ars Technica The 1961 Mobot Mark II had all the moves In the late 1950s, Sandia Laboratory was looking for a way to handle radioactive materials without putting humans in danger. The answer was the Mobot—short for either “remote robot” or “mobile robot”—a remotely operated system designed by Hughes Aircraft Co. in 1959 that offered a unique and effective combination of strength and dexterity. IEEE Spectrum Faster, more nimble drones on the horizon There’s a limit to how fast autonomous vehicles can fly while safely avoiding obstacles. That’s because the cameras used on today’s drones can only process images so fast, frame by individual frame. Beyond roughly 30 miles per hour, a drone is likely to crash simply because its cameras can’t keep up. MIT How Anker is beating Apple and Samsung at their own accessory game Steven Yang quit his job at Google in the summer of 2011 to build the products he felt the world needed: a line of reasonably priced accessories that would be better than the ones you could buy from Apple and other big-name brands. These accessories — batteries, cables, chargers — would solve our most persistent gadget problem by letting us stay powered on at all times. The Verge Apple is working on a dedicated chip to power AI on devices Apple Inc. got an early start in artificial intelligence software with the 2011 introduction of Siri, a tool that lets users operate their smartphones with voice commands. Now the electronics giant is bringing artificial intelligence to chips. Apple is working on a processor devoted specifically to AI-related tasks, according to a person familiar with the matter. Bloomberg The history of RPGs Computers and RPGs have always gone hand-in-hand. Even when the best adventurers could hope for visually was a few letters and numbers on a screen, what better way could there be to handle stats, die-rolls and complex calculations? Soon enough, though, computer RPGs were capable of doing much more. PC Gamer Nanogenerators could charge your smartphone Researchers at the Georgia Institute of Technology have been exploring the applications and commercial potential for triboelectric nanogenerators (TENGs) since 2012. These so-called TENGs essentially harvest static electricity from friction. IEEE Spectrum Related Reads Weekend tech reading: Oculus Rift DK2 & OS X Yosemite previewed, Destiny compared on PS4/XO Weekend tech reading: NES Classic teardown, new MacBook Pro not Linux-ready, 1080 Ti has 10GB VRAM? Weekend tech reading: Mass Effect: Andromeda's wonkiest animations, 11 ARM boards benchmarked, building a DIY Hackintosh Pro 5 comments 99 interactions Share this article: Now Read This… Logitech updates high-end mice: MX Master 2S and MX Anywhere 2S Microsoft co-founder shows off the world's biggest plane Tech leaders denounce Trump's decision to leave Paris agreement Popular Five Years Without Facebook TechSpot Best of Computex 2017 16 comments Ryzen 7 series get first price cut as we wait for Threadripper 33 comments Intel Core X vs. AMD Ryzen Threadripper: What we know so far 42 comments Tech leaders denounce Trump's decision to leave Paris agreement Load Comments 5 ... User Comments: 5 Got something to say? Post a comment Load all comments... Discuss 16 Ryzen 7 series get first price cut as we wait for Threadripper 7 xHamster-backed sensor hides your open windows (which may or may not contain porn) when... 7 Logitech updates its high-end mouse line with the MX Master 2S and MX Anywhere 2S 42 Tech leaders denounce Trump's decision to leave Paris agreement 13 PlayStation 3 officially slips into its twilight years as Sony Japan ships last PS3 console Recently commented stories Jump to forum mode Add New Comment You need to be a member to leave a comment. Join thousands of tech enthusiasts and participate. TechSpot Account Sign up for free, it takes 30 seconds. Already have an account? Login now. You may also... Main Sections Technology News Reviews Features Product Finder Downloads Drivers Community TechSpot Forums Today's Posts Ask a Question News & Comments Useful Resources Best of the Best Must Reads Trending Now Hot Downloads About TechSpot About Advertising News Archive Social & Feeds Follow TechSpot Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube RSS Subscribe to the TechSpot Newsletter © 2017 TechSpot, Inc. All Rights Reserved. TechSpot is a registered trademark. Terms of Use Privacy Policy Licensing Advertise
more_vert androidAndroid App facebookFacebook gplusGoogle + twitterTwitter youtubeYouTube rssRSS Feed search close android facebook gplus twitter youtube rss whatshotNews starsReviews phone_androidPhones tabletTablets appsApps gamesGames network_cellCarriers forumForums attach_moneyDeals Download the App Our Team Tip Us 10 Hottest Android Stories This Week (May 28th) +9,056 Andrew Myrick May 28th, 2017 The amount of Android news each week can be overwhelming, but you can follow the best of the best with an app called EarlyBird – News for Android. It includes ALL of the Android news you crave and lets users decide what matters most to them. EarlyBird has recently received a huge update that allows you to subscribe to specific topics so you never miss stories about your favorite things! Download the app on the Google Play Store or, for desktop users, find related discussion in the Android Forums News section. Here’s what you picked as your favorite news stories for the week: #10 – Google Pixel Project Fi Blacklisting 39 likes – A new issue has arisen which has revealed issues when purchasing the Pixel or Pixel XL from third-party retailers, after the device was already purchased and activated through Project Fi. The issues show the device being blacklisted with little reason as to why this is happening. Read more at Android Police Source: HardOCP Discuss at Android Forums #9 – Google Assistant ‘Preferred Input’ 39 likes – A new setting in Google Assistant allows you to switch your ‘preferred input’ from using your voice to the app showing the keyboard by default. Source: Reddit Discuss at Android Forums #8 – Google Family Services 39 likes – In a new blog post, Google has shared how you and your family can make the most out of various Google products, including YouTube TV, Google Calendar, Google Keep, and Google Photos. Source: Google Blog Discuss at Android Forums #7 – PayPal Android Pay Integration 40 likes – After being announced back in April, the PayPal application has been updated with support for Android Pay. This new update now allows you to attach your PayPal account with Android Pay to make payments on the go. Download PayPal Discuss at Android Forums #6 – StockDroids Comparison 40 likes – If you’re looking for a new device and want to compare what’s available on the market, StockDroids is a new website that offers comparisons between devices that offer a stock Android experience. Source: StockDroids Discuss at Android Forums #5 – Samsung Stretchable Display 40 likes – Samsung confirmed plans to announce an all-new stretchable display at the Society for Information Display conference. The display is an OLED panel which is bendable in both directions. Source: Yonhap News Discuss at Android Forums #4 – Google Play Music Improvements 41 likes – Ara from Android Central took a look at the Google Play Music experience to give us an idea on how Google could improve the overall experience. The list includes a UI overhaul, the ability to upload and download items without a desktop computer, and more. Read more at Android Central Discuss at Android Forums #3 – Gboard Machine Intelligence 42 likes – In a new blog post, Google explained how it uses machine intelligence to improve the overall experience with its Gboard application. Read more at Google Blog Discuss at Android Forums #2 – Google Phone Update 44 likes – An update to the Google Phone application now makes it easier to message someone after a call has failed, along with hints regarding RCS calling and a new voicemail backup system. Read more at Android Police Download Google Phone Discuss at Android Forums #1 – Clear App Cache on Android 50 likes – Android Central has published a tutorial which explains what app cache data is, and how/when you should clear the data from your Android device. Read more at Android Central Discuss at Android Forums What’s YOUR top news item for the week? Disagree with the Top 10? Let us know in the comments and vote for yourself everyday by downloading EarlyBird on Google Play! Download Earlybird – News for Android local_offer    EarlyBird   Auto-load comments: Off On View comments (0) stars Further Reading 10 Hottest Android Stories This Week (April 7th) 10 Hottest Android Stories This Week (March 31st) 10 Hottest Android Stories This Week (March 24th) 10 Hottest Android Stories This Week (March 17th) 10 Hottest Android Stories This Week stars Popular this Weeklaunch 1 more_vertPeel’s paper thin cases perfectly compl closePeel’s paper thin cases perfectly complement your Google Pixel [VIDEO] It’s tough finding paper thin cases for the Google Pixel. When you do, they’re usually in black or smoke, but Peel is offering clear and blue colors that perfectly matches your Pixel. We even have a promo code for 20% off. 2 more_vertSamsung releases its Always On Display app closeSamsung releases its Always On Display app onto the Play Store, but you can’t download it Samsung has released its Always On Display for the Galaxy S8 and S8 Plus onto the Play Store. This will give Samsung more control over updates regarding this specific feature of the devices. 3 more_vertBest Apps of the Month close30+ Best Android Apps [June 2017] A lot of apps are released in the span of one month. It can be near impossible to keep track of them all. In order to help you find only the best apps that have been released in the last month, we have assembled this list. 4 more_vertHow to claim Samsung's BOGO deal for the Galaxy S8 closeHow to redeem Samsung’s BOGO deal for the Galaxy S8 Samsung recently had a BOGO deal on the Galaxy S8 and S8+. If you were one of the lucky few who took part, redeeming that offer is easier said than done. Here are the steps you’ll have to take to make sure you get your rebate. 5 more_vertTop 5 Apps of the Week closeTop 5 Android Apps of the Week (June 2, 2017) Every week, hundreds of Android apps and games are submitted to the Play Store. If you’re not paying attention 24/7, it’s easy to miss some of the best stuff. 6 more_vertSamsung releases SoundAssistant app for Galaxy S8 closeSoundAssistant aims to improve your audio experience on the Galaxy S8 Samsung has released a new app onto the Play Store called SoundAssistant. This app is designed for the Galaxy S8 and S8 Plus and gives users more fine-tuned controls over their audio. 7 more_vertZTE Nubia Z17 announced closeThe ZTE Nubia Z17 packs 8GB of RAM and Quick Charge 4+ This new phone from ZTE has just about every high-end feature you could want and more. It might be the most powerful phone on the planet right now. 8 more_vertQuick Charge 4+ announced closeQualcomm announces Quick Charge 4+ with 3 new features Last year, Qualcomm introduced the Snapdragon 835 processor along with Quick Charge 4.0. A few devices have the 835, but none have QC 4.0 yet. That didn’t stop Qualcomm from announcing the next version, Quick Charge 4+. 9 more_vertThe OnePlus 5 camera gets teased on Twitter closeOnePlus continues to hype up the OnePlus 5, this time with a camera sample The OnePlus Twitter account has shared a comparison of two images, posing the question of “Can you tell which photo was taken with the OnePlus 5?” 10 more_vertNew LG G6 variants may launch later this month closeLG has plans to launch the LG G6 Pro and G6 Plus later this month A new report claims that LG is planning to launch the LG G6 Pro and LG G6 Plus in the company’s home country of South Korea. These devices will offer slightly specs than the standard LG G6. Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Phandroid.com, 2007-2017
Latest News Latest IT News All IT Categories All IT Topics Videos Latest IT Videos Authors Featured IT Vendors All IT Community Professionals All IT Integrators All IT Vendors Latest News Latest IT News All IT Categories All IT Topics Videos Latest IT Videos Authors Featured IT Vendors All IT Community Professionals All IT Integrators All IT Vendors AI Cloud Cloud Home Private Cloud Public Cloud Public Cloud Home Amazon Web Services (AWS) Microsoft Azure Hybrid Cloud Cloud Management Citrix Workspace Cloud VMTurbo Operations Manager Cloud Security All Cloud Resources Datacenter Data Center Home Backup, Recovery & DR All Backup & Recovery Resources Veeam Availability Suite All Disaster Recovery Resources Containers All Containers Resources Docker E-Mail Microsoft Office 365 Databases Hyper-Converged Infrastructure All Hyper-Converged Infrastructure Resources Atlantis HyperScale Nutanix VMware EVO:Rail Management Management Home VMTurbo Operations Manager All Management Resources Monitoring Monitoring Home Acceleratio SysKit ControlUp eG Innovations Enterprise Goliath Performance Monitor ManageEngine Xangati All Monitoring Resources Networking Networking Home Citrix NetScaler Goliath for NetScaler All Networking Resources Open Source Security Server Virtualization All Server Virtualization Resources Citrix XenServer Microsoft Hyper-V VMware vSphere Storage Storage Home DataCore SoftNAS All Storage All Data Center Resources Desktop Desktop Home Applications All Applications Resources Citrix XenApp Microsoft App-V Microsoft RemoteApp VMware App Volumes VMware ThinApp Collaboration Consumerization of IT Desktop Virtualization (VDI) All VDI Resources Citrix XenDesktop Dell Wyse vWorkspace Microsoft Remote Desktop Services VMware Workspace ONE VMware Horizon View Development News User Management User Management Home Liquidware Labs ProfileUnity AppSense DesktopNow All User Management Resources 3D Graphics Printing Citrix Related Virtual Desktops IGEL Technology VMware Virtual Desktops Microsoft Virtual Desktops All Desktop Resources IoT Mobility Mobile Home Enterprise Mobility Management All EMM Resources VMware AirWatch Citrix XenMobile Mobile Productivity Mobile Security Smartphones Smartwatches Tablets All Mobile Resources Resources DABCC Radio Podcasts DABCC TV Video Podcasts Citrix Ready Podcasts w/ Doug Inside IGEL Technology Podcasts w/ Doug VMware EUC On-Demand 2016 On-Demand Webinars Case Studies Infographics Solution Briefs IT White Papers, Solution Briefs & Case Studies Software Downloads Search DABCC Verticals Healthcare IT News Trade Shows Citrix Synergy VMware VMworld Mobile Apps Books LittleMsMobile.com – Mobility News Top IT Videos Home Desktop NVIDIA: Using Deep Learning to Improve the Hands-Free, Voice Experience NVIDIA: Using Deep Learning to Improve the Hands-Free, Voice Experience May 28, 2017 NVIDIA 0 0 “Ok Google;” “Alexa…” We’re familiar with these commands that wake up, say, our Amazon Echo or Google Home. But what would the future of intelligent devices look like if we could bounce from using Amazon’s Alexa to order a new book to Google Assistant to schedule our next appointment, all in the course of a single conversation? The latest episode of our AI podcast dives into this question as part of a conversation with Kitt.ai founder Xuchen Yao. Previously, developers would rely on either a clap or a button to trigger an intelligent device, which would negate the point of a “hands-free” experience. But Snowboy, a tool kit developed by Kitt.ai, solves this problem. “Before Snowboy, there was no, like, open community solution in the market,” Yao said, in a conversation with our podcast’s host, Michael Copeland. Yao noted the possibility of combining the services offered by various companies through their intelligent devices. “In the future, I would not be surprised to see a device, a 4-in-1 device, that has all the bigger companies’ backend waiting to serve you,” said Yao. “And then people can choose whoever’s services to use just by selecting this trigger word.” When Yao first tried to bring a conversational engine to the market in 2014 (Kitt.ai’s Chatflow), the closest thing that existed was Siri. But now, taking in the burgeoning development of AI technology, he’s optimistic that the next generation will experience more conversational and natural device interactions. “I imagine in five to 10 years, we’re going to have the personal assistant everywhere we go,” he predicted. Read the entire article here, Using Deep Learning to Improve the Hands-Free, Voice Experience via the fine folks at NVIDIA. Share this: Twitter LinkedIn Google Facebook Reddit Print Email Follow @DABCC Follow @douglasabrown Featured Resources: Related Articles: You May Also Like: tags: 3D Graphics Artificial Intelligence (AI) Deep Learning Categories: Desktop Development previous Cisco: The Brains Behind the Beauty: Cisco Spark Board Technology next Microsoft: Azure Craft A hack for kids and parents to learn AI Programming NVIDIA Since 1993, NVIDIA (NASDAQ: NVDA) has pioneered the art and science of visual computing. The company's technologies are transforming a world of displays into a world of interactive discovery -- for everyone from gamers to scientists, and consumers to enterprise customers. | LATEST RESOURCES White Papers Citrix XenApp 6.5 Migration Guide E-Book via @Workspot EOL is looming; Will you be ready? In this Workspot sponsored e-book you are given your options on how to migrate away from Citrix XenApp and why. CITRIX XENAPP 6.5 ARCHITECTURE IS 20 YEARS OLD! XenApp 6.5 end of life (EOL) is set for June 30, 2018 XenApp 6.5 Independent Management Architecture (IMA) is nearing […] Share this: Twitter LinkedIn Google Facebook Reddit Print Email read more Top 7 Challenges Migrating to the Cloud White Paper The Top 5 Ways to Maximize SQL Server Availability Achieving Zero Downtime for Apps in a SQL Server Environment White Paper Gartner: My “How to Hunt for Security Threats” Paper Published VMware User Environment Manager Deployment Considerations White Paper Downloads FREE eG Enterprise Logon Simulator for Citrix XenApp and XenDesktop Fast, free and incredibly useful. Coming in summer 2017. Synthetic logon simulation tool for monitoring, diagnosis, alerting and reporting of Citrix logon performance Quick SaaS deployment – be up and running in minutes Web-based monitoring console Supports logon through StoreFront or NetScaler Gateway Best-suited for Citrix XenApp 6.5, 7.x and XenDesktop 7.x Free forever, no […] Share this: Twitter LinkedIn Google Facebook Reddit Print Email read more Download ScaleArc Database Performance and Load Balancing Sofware Base Image Script Framework (BIS-F) – Version 6.0.0 NEW TOOL! Azure Log Analytics Agent for RDS and Citrix Sites Download Windows 10 IoT Core for Raspberry Pi 2 / 3 Download Microsoft Windows 10 IoT Core On-Demand Webinars No App Left Behind: Migrate Existing Applications to AWS without Re-engineering Migrating existing applications to the cloud can take weeks, if not months to complete. By moving your existing applications to AWS, you can take immediate advantage of: security, reliability, instant scalability and elasticity, isolated processes, reduced operational effort, on-demand provisioning and automation. But how do you migrate your existing applications to AWS without re-architecting? In […] Share this: Twitter LinkedIn Google Facebook Reddit Print Email read more Commvault: Practical Data Management Across Clouds – On-Demand Webinar SharePoint Server Monitoring with SysKit – On-Demand Webinar Workspot + Azure = Insanely Simple VDI and DaaS for Education – On-Demand Webinar XenTegra and Citrix AppDNA 7.9 Webinar How a Top Media Distributor Built a Cloud NAS on AWS – SoftNAS On-Demand Webinar View All White Papers >> View All Downloads >> View All On-Demand Webinars >> Latest Videos NVIDIA: VR Content Showcase Winner: Nurulize Meet the winner of NVIDIA’s second VR Content Showcase, held the GPU Technology Conference, where startups competed for $30,000 in cash and prizes. Capturing top honors was Nurulize, a three-year-old Los Angeles-based software developer that aims to speed and simplify the creation of VR experiences. http://nvda.ws/2sjCYrl This video is via NVIDIA. Share this: Twitter LinkedIn Google Facebook Reddit Print Email read more VMware Video: Sprint Leverages VMware Technology to Transform the Way Employees Work and Engage with Customers Microsoft Video: Quick Look at System Center 2016 Veeam and iland Take Care of 24.7.365 Availability So R’Club Can Take Care of Children in Florida – Video Search IT Resources Search for: View all Upcoming Events >> Featured Resources Workspot Case Study: Chaitons LLP June 2, 2017 VeeamON 2017 – Attendee Testimonials June 2, 2017 Hydradyne using Workspot and Scale – Customer Success Story Video June 2, 2017 Top 3 Windows Workloads for Microsoft Azure June 2, 2017 VeeamOn 2017 Highlights Video June 2, 2017 DataCore: What it Takes to Achieve 5-Star Customer Support June 2, 2017 How to Increase Operational Efficiency & Reduce the Cost of Deployment June 2, 2017 The VeeamON 2017 experience June 2, 2017 Try Ericom AcccessNow HTML5 In Browser RDP Access - Easy to use and simple setup! IPM – IT Innovations Experts IT integration experts working with Citrix, Microsoft, VMware and EMC technologies. Visit our Sponsors! IT News on iPhone IT News on Android DABCC Radio on iTunes DABCC Radio on iPhone Copyright 1999-2017 DABCC, Inc. Mobile Apps About Contact Us Sitemap RSS Close AI Cloud Cloud Home Private Cloud Public Cloud Public Cloud Home Amazon Web Services (AWS) Microsoft Azure Hybrid Cloud Cloud Management Citrix Workspace Cloud VMTurbo Operations Manager Cloud Security All Cloud Resources Datacenter Data Center Home Backup, Recovery & DR All Backup & Recovery Resources Veeam Availability Suite All Disaster Recovery Resources Containers All Containers Resources Docker E-Mail Microsoft Office 365 Databases Hyper-Converged Infrastructure All Hyper-Converged Infrastructure Resources Atlantis HyperScale Nutanix VMware EVO:Rail Management Management Home VMTurbo Operations Manager All Management Resources Monitoring Monitoring Home Acceleratio SysKit ControlUp eG Innovations Enterprise Goliath Performance Monitor ManageEngine Xangati All Monitoring Resources Networking Networking Home Citrix NetScaler Goliath for NetScaler All Networking Resources Open Source Security Server Virtualization All Server Virtualization Resources Citrix XenServer Microsoft Hyper-V VMware vSphere Storage Storage Home DataCore SoftNAS All Storage All Data Center Resources Desktop Desktop Home Applications All Applications Resources Citrix XenApp Microsoft App-V Microsoft RemoteApp VMware App Volumes VMware ThinApp Collaboration Consumerization of IT Desktop Virtualization (VDI) All VDI Resources Citrix XenDesktop Dell Wyse vWorkspace Microsoft Remote Desktop Services VMware Workspace ONE VMware Horizon View Development News User Management User Management Home Liquidware Labs ProfileUnity AppSense DesktopNow All User Management Resources 3D Graphics Printing Citrix Related Virtual Desktops IGEL Technology VMware Virtual Desktops Microsoft Virtual Desktops All Desktop Resources IoT Mobility Mobile Home Enterprise Mobility Management All EMM Resources VMware AirWatch Citrix XenMobile Mobile Productivity Mobile Security Smartphones Smartwatches Tablets All Mobile Resources Resources DABCC Radio Podcasts DABCC TV Video Podcasts Citrix Ready Podcasts w/ Doug Inside IGEL Technology Podcasts w/ Doug VMware EUC On-Demand 2016 On-Demand Webinars Case Studies Infographics Solution Briefs IT White Papers, Solution Briefs & Case Studies Software Downloads Search DABCC Verticals Healthcare IT News Trade Shows Citrix Synergy VMware VMworld Mobile Apps Books LittleMsMobile.com – Mobility News Top IT Videos Share this video Never miss the news... Get IT Community Resources straight to your inbox! Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
News Deals Apps & Games Reviews Cell Phone Plans The Best Forums more Giveaways Features How To Android Development About Contact Jobs Advertise Privacy Policy VRSource SoundGuys TabTimes Charged Trending Galaxy S8 Android O LG G6 Nougat updates Pixel XL OnePlus 3T Android Authority newsletter The best way to stay connected to the Android pulse. Our main newsletter is the Android Weekly which is sent every Sunday and contains all the top Android news, reviews and features from the past week. The best way to stay connected to the Android pulse. Android Weekly Breaking News Alerts Trending Articles Review Alerts Deals Alerts View previous campaigns 100% Privacy, No Spam Policy: We value privacy and your email address will be 100% secure. We hate spam just like you do and will never send you too much email, nor will we ever share your information with anyone. Buy now! Name: Subject: Message: New Personal tab in Google Search will show results from Photos, Gmail, and more Newsby Jimmy Westenberg1 week ago 2 454 48 Oftentimes when performing a Google Search, you’ll be shown personal results from Google Photos, Gmail, Calendar, and a variety of other services. Say, for instance, you’re looking up the word dogs. Google Search will comb through your Photos and Gmail accounts and display all the relevant dog photos and emails you may have in those services. It’s a little feature that can really come in handy at times, though these personal results don’t always show up for every search. Now Google is adding a Personal tab to Search that lets you see results from your Google applications. Once you perform a Google Search on the web or on your mobile device (unfortunately it’s not available in the Google app for Android), you’ll be able to select the Personal tab from the More dropdown menu. You’ll then be shown all relevant photos, videos, emails, and more from your Google apps relating to that topic. Plus, to give you peace of mind that these things aren’t out there for the world to see, Google will also display a “Only you can see these results” message next to each card. The addition of a Personal tab will certainly help make searching for calendar events and photos much easier. Unfortunately Google Drive and Keep support doesn’t seem to be live right now, but we’d assume support will be added in the future. News Google Search Google Search  Search Engine Roundtable  9to5Google Jimmy Westenberg Lover of all things Android, Star Wars, dogs, coffee and music. Show 2 comments The Best   Best Android phones androidauthority   Best Drones charged   Best Wireless Bluetooth Earbuds soundguys   Best Headphones of 2017 soundguys Sunday Giveaway   Google Pixel XL International Giveaway! 14 hours ago25 comments Subscribe to Our Weekly Newsletter SUBSCRIBE The field is required Please enter a valid email address Android Authority APP Get it on About Contact Jobs Advertise Privacy Policy Your source for all things Android! About Contact Jobs Advertise Privacy Policy © 2017 Android Authority | All Rights Reserved.
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us ... [Deal Alert] $1 Google Play movie rental (ends July 7th) Ryne Hager Follow View All Posts 2017/05/28 9:56am PDTMay 28, 2017 52 Plus 1 on G+ 176 Share on Facebook 64 Share on Twitter Total Shares292 Deals Google News The movie-related deals continue! Google must be paying attention to the forecasts for this weekend in anticipation of ruined family outings. There is a list up on Google Play of 100 different movies, and renting any one of them is just $1 right now with the new promo. If you haven't seen Logan, Arrival, or Get Out, now you can give it a watch on the cheap. And if the kids are starting to go crazy being trapped indoors at grandma's, you can quickly toss up Moana, Finding Dory, or The Incredibles and save yourself for an hour or two. The offer ends on July 7th, and you may have to follow specific steps to redeem it. There are a few caveats. For one, you only get one rental at this price, and two, the deal might not appear for everyone. Your deal might also be be different, some are seeing $1.50. Redeeming the offer might also be a bit awkward, as it seems to be tied to a user-specific coupon code. To use it you need to go to the Google Play Movies page and see if you have the ad visible below. Clicking the ad opens a prompt to redeem the offer. Google says that this offer is only open to specific users based on their purchase history, so YMMV. If everything goes smoothly, you'll have your $1 rental in no time. The full terms and conditions for the deal are available below. $0.99 for any movie rental Get any one movie rental of your choice for $0.99. Choose any title from the newest releases to classics including the selection below! Discount will be added to "Account => Rewards" and applied at checkout. Watch anywhere including offline on your mobile laptop tablet and supported Android devices. Redeem your offer by July 7 2017 on Google Play from compatible Internet connected devices using a Google account. Limit 1 per user. Nontransferable. No cash value. Cannot be used in conjunction with other offers or discounts except Google Play Gift Cards. This offer is open to specific Google Play users based on purchase history. Age restrictions apply. See Content Promotion Terms and Google Play Terms & Conditions. Source: Google Play Tags deal alert Google Movie rental one dollar subscribe ... Previous Story [Deal Alert] Several movies and TV episodes on Google Play are on sale for Memorial Day ... Next Story [Deal Alert] Anki's Cozmo robot is $152.99 ($27 off) on Amazon Trending 78 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 88 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 Comments Ryan Cavitt For me it is $1.49 movie rental. https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/775f0f71aed9f34ac07ff6ad601181ea5b3f6032e83ebbb77a61864b8a5699a6.png https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/935239b72cb3597bcaca6892f03e0617be1222001a269d0294c90fb5bd16804c.png bekifft Same for me. Not sure what they're welcoming me back from. It wasn't all that long ago I rented Arrival from them. Ryne Hager I was curious what the differences by account might be. I'll update the post to include that. Hurricane Andrew Same here, I got the $1.49 deal yesterday. nagi Does not seem to be active in Hungary. Probably US-only. Arnaldo Rodriguez For me its $0.99 but when I get to the checkout, its $4.99 again s_bomb Same for me, no discount being applied Mathew Michel I'm guessing we aren't eligible since we use the discounts regularly: "This offer is open to specific Google Play users based on purchase history." s_bomb I had to click the banner advertising the deal and "accept" the deal, after that it is being applied. Gilberto Just as @s_bomb:disqus said, I had to click the banner first, and the price is $1.49 -_- Christopher Phillips I work from ease of my house, via doing very simple activities that solely require from you a Laptop or desktop pc together with internet connection and I am more happy than ever before... After six months time in this job opportunity and also i acquired professionally paid in sum Thirty six Thousand bucks... Generally I get roughly 80 bucks/h and work for 3 to 4 hours time day by day.And stunning factor with this work is the fact that you can easily organize time when you do the job and for how long as you may wish for and you earn a check weekly.----->>>> learn by clicking here how to do it right now Daniellejbergeron Google is paying 97$ per hour! Work for few hours & have longer with friends and family! !dw174c: On tuesday I got a great new Land Rover Range Rover from having earned $8752 this last four weeks.. Its the most-financialy rewarding I've had.. Follow this link for more information !dw174c: ➽➽ ➽➽;➽➽ http://GoogleFinancialCashJobs464MarketFlightGetPaid$97/Hour... ★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫::::::!dw174c:....,.... me me I see the $0.99, I pick a film, I see rent/buy SD/HD, click on SD rent and it shows $4.99, right upto the point of debitting my credit card. That appears to me to be actually $4.99, not $0.99 ? Ryne Hager Yup, you have to actually redeem their coupon code via an advertisement you'll see on the main page for Google Play Movies, as noted in the article. me me Well that appears not true / applicable. I see $0.99, and then I click on it and it gets right up to the point of about to debit card and its $4.99. So its clickbait to fool me into paying $4.99. Nope. Ryne Hager Unfortunately, if you don't redeem the code via the advertisement on the Play landing page, you won't get the discount. me me Ahh. So YOUR LINK is bad. What i did: Ignore your link. Go to play.google.com Movies then the $0.99 is shown, click on that, then the film, then at checkout its $0.99 shown. Thanks for bringing to our attention, figured out valid method eventually. Ryne Hager Fortunately exactly those instructions were included in the article. Glad you were able to get it to work! iboalali It's a shame that I will never rent or buy any movie or TV show from the play store, because I can't get anything in English (I live in Germany). Except if I want to watch something in German. I rather buy/rent from the Microsoft store, they offer everything in German and English for me. Devin Rodriguez ✓ʳᵃᵈ Wait, where is me me so they can complain that it's still too expensive? Keith Taylor Since I have 5 different accounts I just used on of my secondary ones. blazingwolf I'm getting an offer for 2 episodes of a TV show for $.99. I would rather have the movie but I guess this is better than nothing. ROB Same here... can't imagine a show I would want to pay to see lomsha Shows on 1 account but not the other lol. dullknives same. primary accnt - nothing. secondary accnt - offer is there. pfmiller It says an offer to welcome you back, so it's probably for accounts that haven't used Google Movies recently. roebling "La La Land", the big winner of the last Academy Awards, is on the $0.99 list OtisFeelgood Offer showed up as $1.49 for me. Marty Damn! I was really hyped about this. Sadly the only movies I would have been interested in suck. Logan, The Great Wall and Split all suck. 30014 Logan and Split were awesome, not interested in The Great Wall. Justin Osborne Ah, I reported this about a month ago, it's been going on for some time now. 😛 Marty Tried to rent Passengers and was charged $5.99. Got a refund. iKon Guys, just download Shoebox. Any movie for free. Y'all don't need these offers Good_Ole_Pinocchio Yeaa... Not everybody wants to pirate AC I don't really care about not being eligible for the discount, but it's REALLY tacky of Google to splash the offer screen up for everyone and then sweep the rug under unsuspecting users that didn't receive the promo. Follow Android Police 1.49M 472k 145k 119k Latest Deals 9 [Deal Alert] Chromecast Ultra is $59.99 ($10 off) at Google Store, Best Buy, B&H and others 2017/06/04 12:16pm PDTJun 4, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] Google Home is $109 ($20 off) at Best Buy, Google Store, B&H, and others 2017/06/04 10:07am PDTJun 4, 2017 12 [Deal Alert] Kick off the weekend with 24 temporarily free and 52 on-sale apps 2017/06/03 6:50pm PDTJun 3, 2017 18 [Deal Alert] Get a Nextbit Robin for $129.99 on eBay 2017/06/03 9:39am PDTJun 3, 2017 33 [Deal Alert] A Stork's Journey is currently free on Google Play Movies & TV 2017/06/01 10:50pm PDTJun 1, 2017 Latest Poll How many photos are on your Google Photos account? Under 100 100-999 1,000-2,499 2,500-4,999 5,000-9,999 10,000-19,999 20,000-39,999 More than 40,000. View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 67 Asus ZenFone 3 Zoom review: A promising phone that falls victim to bad software and cut corners 2017/05/31 2:21pm PDTMay 31, 2017 113 AOSPA (Paranoid Android) review: back from the dead, and we're thrilled 2017/05/31 9:47am PDTMay 31, 2017 29 Tag Heuer Connected Modular 45 review: It seems like $1,500 should get you more 2017/05/29 9:57am PDTMay 29, 2017 74 [Update, G+ Post] Francisco Franco makes his productivity timer 5217 free to try 2017/05/16 10:01am PDTMay 16, 2017 290 HTC U11 hands-on: HTC gets a little closer to the mark 2017/05/16 12:02am PDTMay 16, 2017 Latest Roundups 13 29 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/24/17 - 5/31/17) 2017/05/31 10:20am PDTMay 31, 2017 8 10 new and notable Android apps from the last week (5/23/17 - 5/29/17) 2017/05/29 12:49pm PDTMay 29, 2017 13 31 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/17/17 - 5/23/17) 2017/05/23 3:06pm PDTMay 23, 2017 16 12 new and notable Android apps and live wallpapers from the last week (5/16/17 - 5/22/17) 2017/05/22 12:48pm PDTMay 22, 2017 16 29 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/10/17 - 5/16/17) 2017/05/16 4:22pm PDTMay 16, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 19 Boost for Reddit removed from Play Store for alleged promotion of drugs, still not back after a week 2017/06/04 4:25pm PDTJun 4, 2017 114 Weekend poll: How many photos are synced to your Google Photos account? 2017/06/04 3:44pm PDTJun 4, 2017 28 Tasker beta v5 brings a fresh Material Design look and a huge list of other changes 2017/06/03 7:27pm PDTJun 3, 2017 12 [Deal Alert] Kick off the weekend with 24 temporarily free and 52 on-sale apps 2017/06/03 6:50pm PDTJun 3, 2017 76 Samsung uploads its Device Maintenance tool to the Play Store 2017/06/03 6:01pm PDTJun 3, 2017 Blast from the Past 60 1 Year Ago Today More Motorola Leaks: 'Style Mod' Replaceable Covers For The Moto X/Z And DROID Come In A Variety Of Materials 2016/06/04 12:27pm PDTJun 4, 2016 40 2 Years Ago Today Chrome Beta v44 Comes With Improvements To 'Native App' And 'Add To Homescreen' Banners, New Push API Features, And More [APK Download] 2015/06/04 5:14pm PDTJun 4, 2015 129 3 Years Ago Today YouTube v5.7 For Android Finally Lets You Select Exact Streaming Quality, As Long As It's 720p Or Lower [APK Download] 2014/06/04 6:16pm PDTJun 4, 2014 3 4 Years Ago Today Google Posts Glass XE6 Factory Image For Your Flashing Pleasure 2013/06/04 8:31pm PDTJun 4, 2013 16 5 Years Ago Today [Update: Pre-Orders Are Live] Sprint Announces The Galaxy S III Available June 21, Pre-Orders Start June 5 - $199 For 16GB, $249 For 32GB 2012/06/04 10:55pm PDTJun 4, 2012 327 6 Years Ago Today [Book Giveaway #2] Looking To Get Into Android Development? We're Giving Away "Hello, Android" To A Lucky Reader 2011/06/04 7:16pm PDTJun 4, 2011 2 7 Years Ago Today HTC EVO 4G OTA Update Comes Out In Time For Launch, Fixes SD Card Problems, Patches Security Issues, But Disables Root - Available Via WiFi As Well 2010/06/04 6:44pm PDTJun 4, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 116 Weekend poll: How many photos are synced to your Google Photos account? 2017/06/04 3:44pm PDTJun 4, 2017 35 It's not just you—there's a widespread Google Home outage 2017/06/04 12:04pm PDTJun 4, 2017 64 Samsung opens up its browser to some non-Samsung devices on the Play Store 2017/06/04 10:30am PDTJun 4, 2017 30 Motorola rolling out Android 7.1.1 to the Moto Z Play 2017/06/04 8:45am PDTJun 4, 2017 19 Boost for Reddit removed from Play Store for alleged promotion of drugs, still not back after a week 2017/06/04 4:25pm PDTJun 4, 2017 Last 7 Days 28 Google Photos v2.16 prepares to upgrade the camera shortcut, suggest photos to archive, and more [APK Teardown + Download] 2017/05/31 11:36pm PDTMay 31, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] Here are 38 temporarily free and 72 on-sale apps, plus both 0.10 Apps of the Week 2017/05/31 2:08pm PDTMay 31, 2017 501 [Update: New details plus Andy Rubin interview] The Essential phone is official, with an edge-to-edge display and the world's smallest 360-degree camera accessory 2017/05/30 7:48am PDTMay 30, 2017 76 Samsung uploads its Device Maintenance tool to the Play Store 2017/06/03 6:01pm PDTJun 3, 2017 24 Plex Live TV is now available for all Plex Pass subscribers, tuner required 2017/06/01 6:00am PDTJun 1, 2017 Last 30 Days 78 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 88 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 28 Google Photos v2.16 prepares to upgrade the camera shortcut, suggest photos to archive, and more [APK Teardown + Download] 2017/05/31 11:36pm PDTMay 31, 2017 94 The Play Store adopts new app and notification icons with v7.8.16 [APK Download] 2017/05/10 6:25pm PDTMay 10, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Advertise | Contact 114 queries | 0.533s | nexus2 Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
clock menu more-arrow Log In or Sign Up Log In Sign Up Tech Science Culture Cars Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker Forums TL;DR More Tech Apple Google Microsoft Apps Photography Virtual Reality Business Design All Tech Science Space Energy Health Environment All Science Culture Web TV Film Games Comics Music All Culture Cars Ride-Sharing Cars Mass Transit Aviation Rideables All Transportation Reviews Phones Laptops Cameras Tablets Headphones Smartwatches VR Headsets This is my Next All Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker Forums TL;DR ✕ Google Tech Music Google is offering new Google Play Music subscribers four free months New, 15 comments ‘Turn it up, it’s your favorite song’ by Andrew Liptak@AndrewLiptak May 28, 2017, 2:32pm EDT share tweet Linkedin Google is running a deal on its music streaming service and storage locker Google Play Music. Typically, the site offers up a 90-day free trial when you sign up, but it’s now giving new subscribers an extra month of free time. The service allows users to scan up to 50,000 songs from their music library, and listen to custom radio stations on their computer or mobile device. Users who use the free tier have to contend with ads, but subscribers who pay $9.99 (or $14.99 for a family account) can avoid ads, listen to over 35 million songs, download music to listen offline, and get access to YouTube Red. Google has offered similar deals in the past, and Android Police notes that it’s not clear how long the deal will remain active. At the very least, it’s an opportunity to check out the service if you’ve never tried it, and you can always cancel your subscription when your four months are up. Next Up In Tech Palmer Luckey is developing new border control technology Alleged Foxconn insiders leaked details about Apple’s forthcoming devices in Reddit thread After acquisition, Pinboard will shutter social bookmarking site Delicious Why did my boyfriend like Emily Ratajkowski's butt on Instagram? X Prize assembled a supergroup of sci-fi authors to develop its next competitions New deals on the Sonos Play:1, Amazon Echo, and more of the week’s best tech sales Now Trending Alleged Foxconn insiders leaked details about Apple’s forthcoming devices in Reddit thread Details on the iPhone 8, AR Glasses, Siri Speaker, MacBook and more Why did my boyfriend like Emily Ratajkowski's butt on Instagram? Or any celeb photos? Command Line Command Line delivers daily updates from the near-future. email address... Subscribe By signing up you agree to our terms of use. This Article has a component height of 3. The sidebar size is short. Loading comments... The Latest Palmer Luckey is developing new border control technology by Rich McCormick 4 comments / new Alleged Foxconn insiders leaked details about Apple’s forthcoming devices in Reddit thread by Andrew Liptak 53 comments / new No, your sunscreen isn't going to kill you by Miriam Nielsen and Kimberly Mas 6 comments / new Wonder Woman has come a long way since this failed 1967 screen test by Kwame Opam 3 comments / new UK prime minister Theresa May calls for internet regulations following London attacks by Andrew Liptak 21 comments / new After acquisition, Pinboard will shutter social bookmarking site Delicious by Andrew Liptak 4 comments / new Chorus Terms of Use Privacy Policy Communications Preferences Contact Tip Us Community Guidelines About Ethics Statement All Systems Operational Check out our status page for more details. Vox Media Advertise with us Jobs @ Vox Media © 2017 Vox Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved tweet share
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us ... [Deal Alert] $1 Google Play movie rental (ends July 7th) Ryne Hager Follow View All Posts 2017/05/28 9:56am PDTMay 28, 2017 52 Plus 1 on G+ 176 Share on Facebook 64 Share on Twitter Total Shares292 Deals Google News The movie-related deals continue! Google must be paying attention to the forecasts for this weekend in anticipation of ruined family outings. There is a list up on Google Play of 100 different movies, and renting any one of them is just $1 right now with the new promo. If you haven't seen Logan, Arrival, or Get Out, now you can give it a watch on the cheap. And if the kids are starting to go crazy being trapped indoors at grandma's, you can quickly toss up Moana, Finding Dory, or The Incredibles and save yourself for an hour or two. The offer ends on July 7th, and you may have to follow specific steps to redeem it. There are a few caveats. For one, you only get one rental at this price, and two, the deal might not appear for everyone. Your deal might also be be different, some are seeing $1.50. Redeeming the offer might also be a bit awkward, as it seems to be tied to a user-specific coupon code. To use it you need to go to the Google Play Movies page and see if you have the ad visible below. Clicking the ad opens a prompt to redeem the offer. Google says that this offer is only open to specific users based on their purchase history, so YMMV. If everything goes smoothly, you'll have your $1 rental in no time. The full terms and conditions for the deal are available below. $0.99 for any movie rental Get any one movie rental of your choice for $0.99. Choose any title from the newest releases to classics including the selection below! Discount will be added to "Account => Rewards" and applied at checkout. Watch anywhere including offline on your mobile laptop tablet and supported Android devices. Redeem your offer by July 7 2017 on Google Play from compatible Internet connected devices using a Google account. Limit 1 per user. Nontransferable. No cash value. Cannot be used in conjunction with other offers or discounts except Google Play Gift Cards. This offer is open to specific Google Play users based on purchase history. Age restrictions apply. See Content Promotion Terms and Google Play Terms & Conditions. Source: Google Play Tags deal alert Google Movie rental one dollar subscribe ... Previous Story [Deal Alert] Several movies and TV episodes on Google Play are on sale for Memorial Day ... Next Story [Deal Alert] Anki's Cozmo robot is $152.99 ($27 off) on Amazon Trending 78 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 88 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 Comments Ryan Cavitt For me it is $1.49 movie rental. https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/775f0f71aed9f34ac07ff6ad601181ea5b3f6032e83ebbb77a61864b8a5699a6.png https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/935239b72cb3597bcaca6892f03e0617be1222001a269d0294c90fb5bd16804c.png bekifft Same for me. Not sure what they're welcoming me back from. It wasn't all that long ago I rented Arrival from them. Ryne Hager I was curious what the differences by account might be. I'll update the post to include that. Hurricane Andrew Same here, I got the $1.49 deal yesterday. nagi Does not seem to be active in Hungary. Probably US-only. Arnaldo Rodriguez For me its $0.99 but when I get to the checkout, its $4.99 again s_bomb Same for me, no discount being applied Mathew Michel I'm guessing we aren't eligible since we use the discounts regularly: "This offer is open to specific Google Play users based on purchase history." s_bomb I had to click the banner advertising the deal and "accept" the deal, after that it is being applied. Gilberto Just as @s_bomb:disqus said, I had to click the banner first, and the price is $1.49 -_- Christopher Phillips I work from ease of my house, via doing very simple activities that solely require from you a Laptop or desktop pc together with internet connection and I am more happy than ever before... After six months time in this job opportunity and also i acquired professionally paid in sum Thirty six Thousand bucks... Generally I get roughly 80 bucks/h and work for 3 to 4 hours time day by day.And stunning factor with this work is the fact that you can easily organize time when you do the job and for how long as you may wish for and you earn a check weekly.----->>>> learn by clicking here how to do it right now Daniellejbergeron Google is paying 97$ per hour! Work for few hours & have longer with friends and family! !dw174c: On tuesday I got a great new Land Rover Range Rover from having earned $8752 this last four weeks.. Its the most-financialy rewarding I've had.. Follow this link for more information !dw174c: ➽➽ ➽➽;➽➽ http://GoogleFinancialCashJobs464MarketFlightGetPaid$97/Hour... ★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫::::::!dw174c:....,.... me me I see the $0.99, I pick a film, I see rent/buy SD/HD, click on SD rent and it shows $4.99, right upto the point of debitting my credit card. That appears to me to be actually $4.99, not $0.99 ? Ryne Hager Yup, you have to actually redeem their coupon code via an advertisement you'll see on the main page for Google Play Movies, as noted in the article. me me Well that appears not true / applicable. I see $0.99, and then I click on it and it gets right up to the point of about to debit card and its $4.99. So its clickbait to fool me into paying $4.99. Nope. Ryne Hager Unfortunately, if you don't redeem the code via the advertisement on the Play landing page, you won't get the discount. me me Ahh. So YOUR LINK is bad. What i did: Ignore your link. Go to play.google.com Movies then the $0.99 is shown, click on that, then the film, then at checkout its $0.99 shown. Thanks for bringing to our attention, figured out valid method eventually. Ryne Hager Fortunately exactly those instructions were included in the article. Glad you were able to get it to work! iboalali It's a shame that I will never rent or buy any movie or TV show from the play store, because I can't get anything in English (I live in Germany). Except if I want to watch something in German. I rather buy/rent from the Microsoft store, they offer everything in German and English for me. Devin Rodriguez ✓ʳᵃᵈ Wait, where is me me so they can complain that it's still too expensive? Keith Taylor Since I have 5 different accounts I just used on of my secondary ones. blazingwolf I'm getting an offer for 2 episodes of a TV show for $.99. I would rather have the movie but I guess this is better than nothing. ROB Same here... can't imagine a show I would want to pay to see lomsha Shows on 1 account but not the other lol. dullknives same. primary accnt - nothing. secondary accnt - offer is there. pfmiller It says an offer to welcome you back, so it's probably for accounts that haven't used Google Movies recently. roebling "La La Land", the big winner of the last Academy Awards, is on the $0.99 list OtisFeelgood Offer showed up as $1.49 for me. Marty Damn! I was really hyped about this. Sadly the only movies I would have been interested in suck. Logan, The Great Wall and Split all suck. 30014 Logan and Split were awesome, not interested in The Great Wall. Justin Osborne Ah, I reported this about a month ago, it's been going on for some time now. 😛 Marty Tried to rent Passengers and was charged $5.99. Got a refund. iKon Guys, just download Shoebox. Any movie for free. Y'all don't need these offers Good_Ole_Pinocchio Yeaa... Not everybody wants to pirate AC I don't really care about not being eligible for the discount, but it's REALLY tacky of Google to splash the offer screen up for everyone and then sweep the rug under unsuspecting users that didn't receive the promo. Follow Android Police 1.49M 472k 145k 119k Latest Deals 9 [Deal Alert] Chromecast Ultra is $59.99 ($10 off) at Google Store, Best Buy, B&H and others 2017/06/04 12:16pm PDTJun 4, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] Google Home is $109 ($20 off) at Best Buy, Google Store, B&H, and others 2017/06/04 10:07am PDTJun 4, 2017 12 [Deal Alert] Kick off the weekend with 24 temporarily free and 52 on-sale apps 2017/06/03 6:50pm PDTJun 3, 2017 18 [Deal Alert] Get a Nextbit Robin for $129.99 on eBay 2017/06/03 9:39am PDTJun 3, 2017 33 [Deal Alert] A Stork's Journey is currently free on Google Play Movies & TV 2017/06/01 10:50pm PDTJun 1, 2017 Latest Poll How many photos are on your Google Photos account? Under 100 100-999 1,000-2,499 2,500-4,999 5,000-9,999 10,000-19,999 20,000-39,999 More than 40,000. View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 67 Asus ZenFone 3 Zoom review: A promising phone that falls victim to bad software and cut corners 2017/05/31 2:21pm PDTMay 31, 2017 113 AOSPA (Paranoid Android) review: back from the dead, and we're thrilled 2017/05/31 9:47am PDTMay 31, 2017 29 Tag Heuer Connected Modular 45 review: It seems like $1,500 should get you more 2017/05/29 9:57am PDTMay 29, 2017 74 [Update, G+ Post] Francisco Franco makes his productivity timer 5217 free to try 2017/05/16 10:01am PDTMay 16, 2017 290 HTC U11 hands-on: HTC gets a little closer to the mark 2017/05/16 12:02am PDTMay 16, 2017 Latest Roundups 13 29 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/24/17 - 5/31/17) 2017/05/31 10:20am PDTMay 31, 2017 8 10 new and notable Android apps from the last week (5/23/17 - 5/29/17) 2017/05/29 12:49pm PDTMay 29, 2017 13 31 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/17/17 - 5/23/17) 2017/05/23 3:06pm PDTMay 23, 2017 16 12 new and notable Android apps and live wallpapers from the last week (5/16/17 - 5/22/17) 2017/05/22 12:48pm PDTMay 22, 2017 16 29 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/10/17 - 5/16/17) 2017/05/16 4:22pm PDTMay 16, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 19 Boost for Reddit removed from Play Store for alleged promotion of drugs, still not back after a week 2017/06/04 4:25pm PDTJun 4, 2017 114 Weekend poll: How many photos are synced to your Google Photos account? 2017/06/04 3:44pm PDTJun 4, 2017 28 Tasker beta v5 brings a fresh Material Design look and a huge list of other changes 2017/06/03 7:27pm PDTJun 3, 2017 12 [Deal Alert] Kick off the weekend with 24 temporarily free and 52 on-sale apps 2017/06/03 6:50pm PDTJun 3, 2017 76 Samsung uploads its Device Maintenance tool to the Play Store 2017/06/03 6:01pm PDTJun 3, 2017 Blast from the Past 60 1 Year Ago Today More Motorola Leaks: 'Style Mod' Replaceable Covers For The Moto X/Z And DROID Come In A Variety Of Materials 2016/06/04 12:27pm PDTJun 4, 2016 40 2 Years Ago Today Chrome Beta v44 Comes With Improvements To 'Native App' And 'Add To Homescreen' Banners, New Push API Features, And More [APK Download] 2015/06/04 5:14pm PDTJun 4, 2015 129 3 Years Ago Today YouTube v5.7 For Android Finally Lets You Select Exact Streaming Quality, As Long As It's 720p Or Lower [APK Download] 2014/06/04 6:16pm PDTJun 4, 2014 3 4 Years Ago Today Google Posts Glass XE6 Factory Image For Your Flashing Pleasure 2013/06/04 8:31pm PDTJun 4, 2013 16 5 Years Ago Today [Update: Pre-Orders Are Live] Sprint Announces The Galaxy S III Available June 21, Pre-Orders Start June 5 - $199 For 16GB, $249 For 32GB 2012/06/04 10:55pm PDTJun 4, 2012 327 6 Years Ago Today [Book Giveaway #2] Looking To Get Into Android Development? We're Giving Away "Hello, Android" To A Lucky Reader 2011/06/04 7:16pm PDTJun 4, 2011 2 7 Years Ago Today HTC EVO 4G OTA Update Comes Out In Time For Launch, Fixes SD Card Problems, Patches Security Issues, But Disables Root - Available Via WiFi As Well 2010/06/04 6:44pm PDTJun 4, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 116 Weekend poll: How many photos are synced to your Google Photos account? 2017/06/04 3:44pm PDTJun 4, 2017 35 It's not just you—there's a widespread Google Home outage 2017/06/04 12:04pm PDTJun 4, 2017 64 Samsung opens up its browser to some non-Samsung devices on the Play Store 2017/06/04 10:30am PDTJun 4, 2017 30 Motorola rolling out Android 7.1.1 to the Moto Z Play 2017/06/04 8:45am PDTJun 4, 2017 19 Boost for Reddit removed from Play Store for alleged promotion of drugs, still not back after a week 2017/06/04 4:25pm PDTJun 4, 2017 Last 7 Days 28 Google Photos v2.16 prepares to upgrade the camera shortcut, suggest photos to archive, and more [APK Teardown + Download] 2017/05/31 11:36pm PDTMay 31, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] Here are 38 temporarily free and 72 on-sale apps, plus both 0.10 Apps of the Week 2017/05/31 2:08pm PDTMay 31, 2017 501 [Update: New details plus Andy Rubin interview] The Essential phone is official, with an edge-to-edge display and the world's smallest 360-degree camera accessory 2017/05/30 7:48am PDTMay 30, 2017 76 Samsung uploads its Device Maintenance tool to the Play Store 2017/06/03 6:01pm PDTJun 3, 2017 24 Plex Live TV is now available for all Plex Pass subscribers, tuner required 2017/06/01 6:00am PDTJun 1, 2017 Last 30 Days 78 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 88 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 28 Google Photos v2.16 prepares to upgrade the camera shortcut, suggest photos to archive, and more [APK Teardown + Download] 2017/05/31 11:36pm PDTMay 31, 2017 94 The Play Store adopts new app and notification icons with v7.8.16 [APK Download] 2017/05/10 6:25pm PDTMay 10, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Advertise | Contact 114 queries | 0.533s | nexus2 Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us ... [Deal Alert] Several movies and TV episodes on Google Play are on sale for Memorial Day Ryne Hager Follow View All Posts 2017/05/27 6:37pm PDTMay 27, 2017 56 Plus 1 on G+ 132 Share on Facebook 48 Share on Twitter Total Shares236 Deals Google News If your Memorial Day weekend plans are being ruined by poor weather, Google has an offer for you. It recently tossed up a little holiday sale on movies and TV shows over on Google Play, including some deals that are over 50% off their regular prices. So if you can't go camping or throw that family barbecue because of rain, at least you and your loved ones can snuggle up inside while you binge watch The Wire. It'll be good for little Johnny's character. Among the better movie collections being offered are The Lord of the Rings Trilogy for $20, the Back to the Future Trilogy for $15, and "The Best of Tarantino" six-movie collection for $30. The latter includes one of my favorite cheesy horror movies, From Dusk Till Dawn. The TV selection has a lot of solid HBO shows — if you don't happen to have HBO Go — as well as the complete X-Files for $50, American Horror Story seasons 1-5 for $60 and the amazing Kung Fu series in its entirety for $30. For more family-oriented deals there are a ton of shows from Nickelodeon, as well as a small number of animated children's film collections. You know what? The outdoors are over-rated. Who would want to spend a weekend outside with their loving family when they could spend days forcing their children to appreciate their favorite childhood movies. Let's face it, in the long run, your kids will thank you. Source: Google Play (1, 2) Tags deal alert google play memorial day movies sale tv subscribe ... Previous Story Google for Jobs going live for some people ... Next Story [Deal Alert] $1 Google Play movie rental (ends July 7th) Trending 78 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 88 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 Comments me me still seem expensive for what they are... Devin Rodriguez ✓ʳᵃᵈ It's true. All movies should be free for everyone. No company should want to make money. me me didnt say should be free. Just said expensive for what they are. Older films.... and things I've already seen or don't want to see. Eric Braun Then don't buy, problem solved. me me Correct. So they get no money which is less than if they charged less for them to intersect the value. Patrick Smithopolis And all phones should be dirt cheap so the manufacturers don't make any money and their companies go under. Devin Rodriguez ✓ʳᵃᵈ And also high end. I want the newest Qualcomm Snapdragon, Gorilla Glass 5, a 4k 5.5" screen, 3000 mAh battery, IP97 waterproofing, and all for $100. That shouldn't be that hard, right? splus I bet this is your favorite movie - http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1679335/ (Trolls) Devin Rodriguez ✓ʳᵃᵈ That movie is amazing. Trust me, I know movies. I know the best movies, terrific movies. I have the best movies, but there is no better movie than Trolls. xyz My fav movie is You're a Cunt. ethd Ooooo, got 'im! Devin Rodriguez ✓ʳᵃᵈ My god, I've seen the light. You have quite thoroughly dashed my hopes and dreams. Matt Because X-Files and Back the Future are the latest and greatest movies and TV shows, right? Devin Rodriguez ✓ʳᵃᵈ Exactly. Greatest movies and shows of all time. Nothing can compare. Truly works of art. xyz Go fuck yourself. Or better, let a Hollywood producer do it....for a fee of course. Devin Rodriguez ✓ʳᵃᵈ Brutal. Savage. Rekt. -Matoro Zeliph- Yeah, these (old) digital movies are pretty expensive than the physical bundle dvds you find at Walmart. You would think that digital (old) movies would be cheaper than the physical disc! Daniellejbergeron Google is paying 97$ per hour! Work for few hours & have longer with friends and family! !dw174c: On tuesday I got a great new Land Rover Range Rover from having earned $8752 this last four weeks.. Its the most-financialy rewarding I've had.. Follow this link for more information !dw174c: ➽➽ ➽➽;➽➽ http://GoogleFinancialCashJobs464MarketFlightGetPaid$97/Hour... ★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫::::::!dw174c:....,..... Christopher Phillips I work from comfort of my house, by doing hassle-free projects that solely demands from you a Laptop and on-line connection and Now I am more successful than before... After half a year on this job opportunity and i obtained cash in total 36,000 dollars... Basically I make up close to eighty bucks/h and also work for three to four hrs every single day.And marvelous point about this work is usually that you can also supervise time whenever you do the job and for just how long as you may prefer and you generate a check week by week.>>>> learn by clicking here how to do it right now -Matoro Zeliph- Shut up 4Ui812 That's because they are. As for the jackals that are knocking your comment ; they fail to grasp the concept. Kristinatskaggs Google is paying 97$ per hour! Work for few hours & have longer with friends and family! !dq75c: On tuesday I got a great new Land Rover Range Rover from having earned $8752 this last four weeks.. Its the most-financialy rewarding I've had.. Follow this link for more information !dq75c: ➽➽ ➽➽;➽➽ http://GoogleFinancialCashJobs365DirectRockGetPaid$97/Hour... ★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫::::::!dq75c:....,....... Travis Simerly I think you made John Galt mad. Travis Simerly It's definitely too expensive for a movie that doesn't even have 5.1 sound. I had 5.1 when I watched The Fellowship on a CRT TV. Will you have to buy another digital copy again to get better than stereo? You definitely will have to purchase again for a 4K digital copy. lm_a_dope Seems expensive to me. Alex Louderback My seams in my shirt aren't very expensive, you must buy fancy seams Juniors234 i see what you did there... lm_a_dope Hey I was typing on a phone and fixed it in less than 10s, stop being a ass. FelschR an ass* Stephen B Morris I wish Google would let me pay the difference to upgrade to the UHD version. I also wish they would create a UHD section. Tai Ch Play verry helpful Follow Android Police 1.49M 472k 145k 119k Latest Deals 9 [Deal Alert] Chromecast Ultra is $59.99 ($10 off) at Google Store, Best Buy, B&H and others 2017/06/04 12:16pm PDTJun 4, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] Google Home is $109 ($20 off) at Best Buy, Google Store, B&H, and others 2017/06/04 10:07am PDTJun 4, 2017 12 [Deal Alert] Kick off the weekend with 24 temporarily free and 52 on-sale apps 2017/06/03 6:50pm PDTJun 3, 2017 18 [Deal Alert] Get a Nextbit Robin for $129.99 on eBay 2017/06/03 9:39am PDTJun 3, 2017 33 [Deal Alert] A Stork's Journey is currently free on Google Play Movies & TV 2017/06/01 10:50pm PDTJun 1, 2017 Latest Poll How many photos are on your Google Photos account? Under 100 100-999 1,000-2,499 2,500-4,999 5,000-9,999 10,000-19,999 20,000-39,999 More than 40,000. View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 67 Asus ZenFone 3 Zoom review: A promising phone that falls victim to bad software and cut corners 2017/05/31 2:21pm PDTMay 31, 2017 113 AOSPA (Paranoid Android) review: back from the dead, and we're thrilled 2017/05/31 9:47am PDTMay 31, 2017 29 Tag Heuer Connected Modular 45 review: It seems like $1,500 should get you more 2017/05/29 9:57am PDTMay 29, 2017 74 [Update, G+ Post] Francisco Franco makes his productivity timer 5217 free to try 2017/05/16 10:01am PDTMay 16, 2017 290 HTC U11 hands-on: HTC gets a little closer to the mark 2017/05/16 12:02am PDTMay 16, 2017 Latest Roundups 13 29 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/24/17 - 5/31/17) 2017/05/31 10:20am PDTMay 31, 2017 8 10 new and notable Android apps from the last week (5/23/17 - 5/29/17) 2017/05/29 12:49pm PDTMay 29, 2017 13 31 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/17/17 - 5/23/17) 2017/05/23 3:06pm PDTMay 23, 2017 16 12 new and notable Android apps and live wallpapers from the last week (5/16/17 - 5/22/17) 2017/05/22 12:48pm PDTMay 22, 2017 16 29 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/10/17 - 5/16/17) 2017/05/16 4:22pm PDTMay 16, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 18 Boost for Reddit removed from Play Store for alleged promotion of drugs, still not back after a week 2017/06/04 4:25pm PDTJun 4, 2017 112 Weekend poll: How many photos are synced to your Google Photos account? 2017/06/04 3:44pm PDTJun 4, 2017 28 Tasker beta v5 brings a fresh Material Design look and a huge list of other changes 2017/06/03 7:27pm PDTJun 3, 2017 12 [Deal Alert] Kick off the weekend with 24 temporarily free and 52 on-sale apps 2017/06/03 6:50pm PDTJun 3, 2017 76 Samsung uploads its Device Maintenance tool to the Play Store 2017/06/03 6:01pm PDTJun 3, 2017 Blast from the Past 60 1 Year Ago Today More Motorola Leaks: 'Style Mod' Replaceable Covers For The Moto X/Z And DROID Come In A Variety Of Materials 2016/06/04 12:27pm PDTJun 4, 2016 40 2 Years Ago Today Chrome Beta v44 Comes With Improvements To 'Native App' And 'Add To Homescreen' Banners, New Push API Features, And More [APK Download] 2015/06/04 5:14pm PDTJun 4, 2015 129 3 Years Ago Today YouTube v5.7 For Android Finally Lets You Select Exact Streaming Quality, As Long As It's 720p Or Lower [APK Download] 2014/06/04 6:16pm PDTJun 4, 2014 3 4 Years Ago Today Google Posts Glass XE6 Factory Image For Your Flashing Pleasure 2013/06/04 8:31pm PDTJun 4, 2013 16 5 Years Ago Today [Update: Pre-Orders Are Live] Sprint Announces The Galaxy S III Available June 21, Pre-Orders Start June 5 - $199 For 16GB, $249 For 32GB 2012/06/04 10:55pm PDTJun 4, 2012 327 6 Years Ago Today [Book Giveaway #2] Looking To Get Into Android Development? We're Giving Away "Hello, Android" To A Lucky Reader 2011/06/04 7:16pm PDTJun 4, 2011 2 7 Years Ago Today HTC EVO 4G OTA Update Comes Out In Time For Launch, Fixes SD Card Problems, Patches Security Issues, But Disables Root - Available Via WiFi As Well 2010/06/04 6:44pm PDTJun 4, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 112 Weekend poll: How many photos are synced to your Google Photos account? 2017/06/04 3:44pm PDTJun 4, 2017 35 It's not just you—there's a widespread Google Home outage 2017/06/04 12:04pm PDTJun 4, 2017 61 Samsung opens up its browser to some non-Samsung devices on the Play Store 2017/06/04 10:30am PDTJun 4, 2017 29 Motorola rolling out Android 7.1.1 to the Moto Z Play 2017/06/04 8:45am PDTJun 4, 2017 18 Boost for Reddit removed from Play Store for alleged promotion of drugs, still not back after a week 2017/06/04 4:25pm PDTJun 4, 2017 Last 7 Days 28 Google Photos v2.16 prepares to upgrade the camera shortcut, suggest photos to archive, and more [APK Teardown + Download] 2017/05/31 11:36pm PDTMay 31, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] Here are 38 temporarily free and 72 on-sale apps, plus both 0.10 Apps of the Week 2017/05/31 2:08pm PDTMay 31, 2017 501 [Update: New details plus Andy Rubin interview] The Essential phone is official, with an edge-to-edge display and the world's smallest 360-degree camera accessory 2017/05/30 7:48am PDTMay 30, 2017 76 Samsung uploads its Device Maintenance tool to the Play Store 2017/06/03 6:01pm PDTJun 3, 2017 24 Plex Live TV is now available for all Plex Pass subscribers, tuner required 2017/06/01 6:00am PDTJun 1, 2017 Last 30 Days 78 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 88 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 28 Google Photos v2.16 prepares to upgrade the camera shortcut, suggest photos to archive, and more [APK Teardown + Download] 2017/05/31 11:36pm PDTMay 31, 2017 94 The Play Store adopts new app and notification icons with v7.8.16 [APK Download] 2017/05/10 6:25pm PDTMay 10, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Advertise | Contact 118 queries | 0.381s | nexus2 Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us ... Google for Jobs going live for some people Corbin Davenport Follow View All Posts 2017/05/27 4:31pm PDTMay 27, 2017 19 Plus 1 on G+ 74 Share on Facebook 81 Share on Twitter Total Shares174 Google News Back at Google I/O, a new initiative was announced called 'Google for Jobs.' As you might be able to guess from the name, it is designed to make finding job openings easier and more effective - for both applicants and employers. The feature appears to be going live on Google Search, at least for some users. Currently, searching something like "barista jobs" just returns a list of results from job listing sites. With Google for Jobs, you get a much cleaner interface with more details, plus modifiers like 'Full-time' and 'Starbucks.'    Left: Current layout; Center, Right: New layout This doesn't seem to be live yet for everyone, including myself, but let us know in the comments if you see it. Thanks: Jose Tags Google google for jobs jobs work subscribe ... Previous Story [Deal Alert] Get a 3-pack Arlo Pro security system for $450 ($130 off), if you have Amazon Prime ... Next Story [Deal Alert] Several movies and TV episodes on Google Play are on sale for Memorial Day Trending 78 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 88 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 Comments Paul_Werner Yeah this went live for me the same day they announced it. I'm still waiting on the new YouTube UI & the YouTube Go Live features though matteventu Are you from the US? Mattwmaster58 I'm from canada and it works for me Paul_Werner Yup Mattwmaster58 Youtube UI you gotta opt in @ https://www.youtube.com/new Izzie I didn't opt in and got the new interface yesterday? Mattwmaster58 I guess they are rolling this out :P Vratislav Jindra How about doing something about that ugly grey status bar, Google? I get it at the search results page which is also grey (a bit lighter), but not when there is a blue action bar right underneath it. Also the shadow under the status bar from KitKat era in the main screen of Google App seems weird. Sometimes I wonder what they pay their designers for, when they can't get this basic sh*t straight. Kristinatskaggs Google is paying 97$ per hour! Work for few hours & have longer with friends and family! !dq75c: On tuesday I got a great new Land Rover Range Rover from having earned $8752 this last four weeks.. Its the most-financialy rewarding I've had.. Follow this link for more information !dq75c: ➽➽ ➽➽;➽➽ http://GoogleFinancialCashJobs365DirectRockGetPaid$97/Hour... ★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫::::::!dq75c:....,........ Vratislav Jindra Oh for f*ck's sake, stop it. Powsniffer0110 Your problem is youre on KitKat buddy. Try upgrading Vratislav Jindra I'm on Nougat, buddy. Don't tell me that your Google App's main screen doesn't have this ridiculous status bar. https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/fa83a4890e2557e740128d564e6f804416ed73f61787acbc9deac5bd323268f3.png BehemothPL It's nice to see Chicago metro in the article :) Alejandro Steve? ddevito JOBS JOBS JOBS let's vote for JOBS! Yeeeeaaaaaaaaaaaa you've got karma! alwaysonthemove ITM Grunty I got coffee at that starbucks yesterday. Logan Snyder Weird, the old layout had squiggly looking black rectangles. instinct I listened to a Steve Jobs audio clip right before reading this headline, and it threw me off. makapav Vote up if you immediately went and searched for barista jobs after reading this post. Daniellejbergeron Google is paying 97$ per hour! Work for few hours & have longer with friends and family! !dw174c: On tuesday I got a great new Land Rover Range Rover from having earned $8752 this last four weeks.. Its the most-financialy rewarding I've had.. Follow this link for more information !dw174c: ➽➽ ➽➽;➽➽ http://GoogleFinancialCashJobs464MarketFlightGetPaid$97/Hour... ★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫::::::!dw174c:....,...... Evan Hart I get the job done from ease and comfort of my home, through doing easy jobs that only usually takes from you a Desk top together with on-line connection and Now I am more satisfied than ever before... After half a year on this work and therefore i obtained paid for totally Thirty six Thousand usd... Basically I generate close to 80 bucks/hr and work for 3 to 4 hrs day-after-day.And marvelous factor concerning this task is usually that you can easily supervise your time when you do the job and for how much time as you wish for and you achieve a check week by week.----->>>> learn by clicking here how to do it right now Christopher Phillips I do the job from comfort and ease of my property or home, via easy projects that only takes from you a Desktop and connection to the internet and I am just more successful than ever before... After half a year in this project and i obtained compensated for overall Thirty six Thousand bucks... Basically I generate near 80 bucks/hour and also work for three to four hours time on a regular basis.And spectacular factor regarding this work is the fact you can arrange your time while you get the job done and for just how long as you prefer and you attain a check week by week.>>>> learn by clicking here how to do it right now Rob The problem is finding actual jobs associated with postings in any platform. A lot of the time, these aren't serious openings. Follow Android Police 1.49M 472k 145k 119k Latest Deals 9 [Deal Alert] Chromecast Ultra is $59.99 ($10 off) at Google Store, Best Buy, B&H and others 2017/06/04 12:16pm PDTJun 4, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] Google Home is $109 ($20 off) at Best Buy, Google Store, B&H, and others 2017/06/04 10:07am PDTJun 4, 2017 12 [Deal Alert] Kick off the weekend with 24 temporarily free and 52 on-sale apps 2017/06/03 6:50pm PDTJun 3, 2017 18 [Deal Alert] Get a Nextbit Robin for $129.99 on eBay 2017/06/03 9:39am PDTJun 3, 2017 33 [Deal Alert] A Stork's Journey is currently free on Google Play Movies & TV 2017/06/01 10:50pm PDTJun 1, 2017 Latest Poll How many photos are on your Google Photos account? Under 100 100-999 1,000-2,499 2,500-4,999 5,000-9,999 10,000-19,999 20,000-39,999 More than 40,000. View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 67 Asus ZenFone 3 Zoom review: A promising phone that falls victim to bad software and cut corners 2017/05/31 2:21pm PDTMay 31, 2017 113 AOSPA (Paranoid Android) review: back from the dead, and we're thrilled 2017/05/31 9:47am PDTMay 31, 2017 29 Tag Heuer Connected Modular 45 review: It seems like $1,500 should get you more 2017/05/29 9:57am PDTMay 29, 2017 74 [Update, G+ Post] Francisco Franco makes his productivity timer 5217 free to try 2017/05/16 10:01am PDTMay 16, 2017 290 HTC U11 hands-on: HTC gets a little closer to the mark 2017/05/16 12:02am PDTMay 16, 2017 Latest Roundups 13 29 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/24/17 - 5/31/17) 2017/05/31 10:20am PDTMay 31, 2017 8 10 new and notable Android apps from the last week (5/23/17 - 5/29/17) 2017/05/29 12:49pm PDTMay 29, 2017 13 31 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/17/17 - 5/23/17) 2017/05/23 3:06pm PDTMay 23, 2017 16 12 new and notable Android apps and live wallpapers from the last week (5/16/17 - 5/22/17) 2017/05/22 12:48pm PDTMay 22, 2017 16 29 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/10/17 - 5/16/17) 2017/05/16 4:22pm PDTMay 16, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 18 Boost for Reddit removed from Play Store for alleged promotion of drugs, still not back after a week 2017/06/04 4:25pm PDTJun 4, 2017 112 Weekend poll: How many photos are synced to your Google Photos account? 2017/06/04 3:44pm PDTJun 4, 2017 28 Tasker beta v5 brings a fresh Material Design look and a huge list of other changes 2017/06/03 7:27pm PDTJun 3, 2017 12 [Deal Alert] Kick off the weekend with 24 temporarily free and 52 on-sale apps 2017/06/03 6:50pm PDTJun 3, 2017 76 Samsung uploads its Device Maintenance tool to the Play Store 2017/06/03 6:01pm PDTJun 3, 2017 Blast from the Past 60 1 Year Ago Today More Motorola Leaks: 'Style Mod' Replaceable Covers For The Moto X/Z And DROID Come In A Variety Of Materials 2016/06/04 12:27pm PDTJun 4, 2016 40 2 Years Ago Today Chrome Beta v44 Comes With Improvements To 'Native App' And 'Add To Homescreen' Banners, New Push API Features, And More [APK Download] 2015/06/04 5:14pm PDTJun 4, 2015 129 3 Years Ago Today YouTube v5.7 For Android Finally Lets You Select Exact Streaming Quality, As Long As It's 720p Or Lower [APK Download] 2014/06/04 6:16pm PDTJun 4, 2014 3 4 Years Ago Today Google Posts Glass XE6 Factory Image For Your Flashing Pleasure 2013/06/04 8:31pm PDTJun 4, 2013 16 5 Years Ago Today [Update: Pre-Orders Are Live] Sprint Announces The Galaxy S III Available June 21, Pre-Orders Start June 5 - $199 For 16GB, $249 For 32GB 2012/06/04 10:55pm PDTJun 4, 2012 327 6 Years Ago Today [Book Giveaway #2] Looking To Get Into Android Development? We're Giving Away "Hello, Android" To A Lucky Reader 2011/06/04 7:16pm PDTJun 4, 2011 2 7 Years Ago Today HTC EVO 4G OTA Update Comes Out In Time For Launch, Fixes SD Card Problems, Patches Security Issues, But Disables Root - Available Via WiFi As Well 2010/06/04 6:44pm PDTJun 4, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 112 Weekend poll: How many photos are synced to your Google Photos account? 2017/06/04 3:44pm PDTJun 4, 2017 35 It's not just you—there's a widespread Google Home outage 2017/06/04 12:04pm PDTJun 4, 2017 61 Samsung opens up its browser to some non-Samsung devices on the Play Store 2017/06/04 10:30am PDTJun 4, 2017 29 Motorola rolling out Android 7.1.1 to the Moto Z Play 2017/06/04 8:45am PDTJun 4, 2017 18 Boost for Reddit removed from Play Store for alleged promotion of drugs, still not back after a week 2017/06/04 4:25pm PDTJun 4, 2017 Last 7 Days 28 Google Photos v2.16 prepares to upgrade the camera shortcut, suggest photos to archive, and more [APK Teardown + Download] 2017/05/31 11:36pm PDTMay 31, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] Here are 38 temporarily free and 72 on-sale apps, plus both 0.10 Apps of the Week 2017/05/31 2:08pm PDTMay 31, 2017 501 [Update: New details plus Andy Rubin interview] The Essential phone is official, with an edge-to-edge display and the world's smallest 360-degree camera accessory 2017/05/30 7:48am PDTMay 30, 2017 76 Samsung uploads its Device Maintenance tool to the Play Store 2017/06/03 6:01pm PDTJun 3, 2017 24 Plex Live TV is now available for all Plex Pass subscribers, tuner required 2017/06/01 6:00am PDTJun 1, 2017 Last 30 Days 78 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 88 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 28 Google Photos v2.16 prepares to upgrade the camera shortcut, suggest photos to archive, and more [APK Teardown + Download] 2017/05/31 11:36pm PDTMay 31, 2017 94 The Play Store adopts new app and notification icons with v7.8.16 [APK Download] 2017/05/10 6:25pm PDTMay 10, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Advertise | Contact 122 queries | 0.680s | hive Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
Monday, June 5, 2017 Facebook Twitter RSS Navigate Home News Opinion Regions World Sports Business Special Features SPECIAL REPORTS The Sunday Times Boardroom Watch You are at:Home»Business»Companies»Google linking online and offline worlds in new ad challenge Google linking online and offline worlds in new ad challenge 0 By AGENCE FRANCE-PRESSE on May 29, 2017 Companies Tweet SAN FRANCISCO: Google is testing a way to tie online ads to brick-and-mortar store purchases, a move whetting marketing appetites while fueling privacy worries. A product called “Google Attribution” was unveiled at a marketing conference this month in San Francisco by the internet giant. Google has long been able to determine when users click on an ads and make a purchase, but linking online and offline habits takes its analytics a step further. Google senior vice president Sridhar Ramaswamy, who announced that Attribution is in test mode with a limited number of partners and will be rolled out to more advertisers in coming weeks, touted the tool as being able to answer the long-challenging question of whether marketing campaigns are working. “Google Attribution makes it possible for every marketer to measure the impact of their marketing across devices and across channels,” Ramaswamy said. “Data-driven attribution uses machine learning to determine how much credit to assign to each step in the consumer journey — from the first time they engage with your brand for early research down to the final click before purchase.” Real-world customer email addresses or loyalty plan information can be woven with Google data from services such as AdWords, Google Analytics and DoubleClick Search to provide “a complete view” of marketing performance, according to the company. Using artificial intelligence, or machine learning, to better analyze and understand consumer behavior to target ads and promote sales was a major theme of the conference. Ad ‘holy grail’ For several years now, AdWords has enabled advertisers to measure visits to real-world stores stemming from online campaigns, Ramaswamy noted. “Still, measuring store visits is just one part of the equation,” Ramaswamy said. “You also need insights into how your online ads drive sales for your business.” Real-world transactions matched back to Google ads are handed in “a secure and privacy-safe way,” with store sales information reported in aggregated and anonymized forms to protect individual privacy, according to the company. Tying online activity to offline shopping decisions has been a “holy grail” for advertisers for quite some time, and comes with worrisome privacy implications, according to ACLU senior policy analyst Jay Stanley. Attribution threatens to intrude on a core tenant of privacy, that people can have dealings with one party not spill over into affairs with other parties they interact with, Stanley contended. “This is an evolution, not a revolution; another step toward increased monitoring of individuals,” Stanley said. “Each step raises the question ‘Where does this all stop?’” Stanley expected Google to be on its best behavior when it came to handling the growing trove of information about users, but that even the best of intentions could crack under the “enormous hydraulic pressure of the profit motive.” “We have the full fury and genius of the capitalist system being driven toward monitoring people in ever increasing detail and companies are competing to do so,” Stanley said “It will not stop without some sort of rules in which we as a society express our values through legal protections.” AFP Share. Twitter Facebook Google+ Pinterest LinkedIn Tumblr Email loading... Loading... Please follow our commenting guidelines. Leave A Reply Cancel Reply Please follow our commenting guidelines. you MUST enable javascript to be able to comment Contact Info Address: 2/F Sitio Grande Building 409 A. Soriano Avenue, Intramuros Manila 1002 Philippines Tel. : +63 (02) 524 5664 up to 67 Fax: +63 (02) 528-1729 Email: newsdesk@manilatimes.net opinion@manilatimes.net Copyright © 2010-2017 The Manila Times - All Rights Reserved. Archives Advertise Contact Us About Us
NEWS ENTERTAINMENT SPORTS LIFESTYLE BUSINESS TECHNOLOGY OPINION OTHERS DMS NEWS ENTERTAINMENT SPORTS LIFESTYLE BUSINESS TECHNOLOGY OPINION OTHERS DMS 1 400 0 Remember me ? Forget Password ?Register June 2017 M T W T F S S « May       1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30   Latest Tweets News: VP camps fears politics in impeach try. #kabayanweekly #abudhabi #dubai #dubaipr #mydubai… https://t.co/og4hU84FXH 2 months ago Our Branded Pinoy for the week featuring Zarrah Jane Amagan a.k.a The Bandwagon Chic - The… https://t.co/FDQj1iItPi 2 months ago Breaking News: UAE joins WWF's Earth Hour. ❤ #kabayanweekly #abudhabi #dubai #dubaipr #mydubai… https://t.co/IZvMOgPoyA 2 months ago Breaking News: Hail Storm hit Dubai. Keep safe everyone! 🙏🏻 #kabayanweekly #abudhabi #dubai… https://t.co/Alxk1eU5ww 2 months ago Trouble sleeping in UAE? You are not alone. Read the full article at our latest issue of… https://t.co/m7tBxP57Ri 2 months ago Break Guinness World Records at Ramadan Night Market June 3, 2017 128 Two hours of amazing Dubai drama June 3, 2017 137 Supporters to wait longer for Duterte’s UAE visit June 3, 2017 132 June 2017 M T W T F S S « May       1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30   Most Popular Break Guinness World Records at Ramadan Night Market Two hours of amazing Dubai drama Supporters to wait longer for Duterte’s UAE visit ‘Pangkabuhayan Crash Course’ for distressed OFWs Firms praise Pinoys for int’l accreditations Head to Sharjah this Friday to get free medical, dental check-up Cayetano: Your families are safe Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google+ Remember me ? Forget Password ?Register NEWS ENTERTAINMENT SPORTS LIFESTYLE BUSINESS TECHNOLOGY OPINION OTHERS DMS Remember me ? Forget Password ?Register NEWS ENTERTAINMENT SPORTS LIFESTYLE BUSINESS TECHNOLOGY OPINION OTHERS DMS Most Popular Break Guinness World Records at Ramadan Night Market Two hours of amazing Dubai drama Supporters to wait longer for Duterte’s UAE visit ‘Pangkabuhayan Crash Course’ for distressed OFWs Firms praise Pinoys for int’l accreditations Head to Sharjah this Friday to get free medical, dental check-up Cayetano: Your families are safe Latest News Local NewsBreak Guinness World Records at Ramadan Night Market Fil Expat NewsTwo hours of amazing Dubai drama Fil Expat NewsSupporters to wait longer for Duterte’s UAE visit Fil Expat News‘Pangkabuhayan Crash Course’ for distressed OFWs Fil Expat NewsFirms praise Pinoys for int’l accreditations Fil Expat NewsHead to Sharjah this Friday to get free medical, dental check-up HEADLINECayetano: Your families are safe Local NewsRia Money Transfer now operates in GCC Local NewsC3 and RAKBANK to bring innovative payroll solutions for the UAE’s blue collar community SPORTSFive-man Spinneys shames CML International Google introduces Gboard app to iOS users Ryan Thomas Namia June 1, 2016 2:59 pm TECHNOLOGY 735 0 Google has introduced Gboard App, a new iPhone-specific smart keyboard. The new app, which supports glide typing, lets users search straight from the keyboard, using normal Google search. Once the information is found, user can send it into their application without leaving the keyboard, technewsworld.com reported. No matter what application a user is using, SMS, email, WhatsApp or messenger, the Google logo is always present in the keyboard. “It’s like having a google search in any app, right from the keyboard . . . so we called it a Gboard,” said Google in a video posted in its YouTube account. “Solutions like Google’s Gboard and glide typing are designed to simplify and speed up common tasks. That can be a real boon when you’re under time pressure or are trying to create a complex message on a keyboard of limited size,” Principal Analyst at Pund-IT Charles King was quoted as saying in the same report. Emojis can be searched easily in the search bar. Typing words like “angry,” “pizza,” “cat,” and “car,” user can see all the relevant emoji characters in an instant. In addition, the application can be customized depending to the user’s liking. The user has the option to unable the glide typing, toggle things like auto-correction, auto-capitalization, enable caps lock, among others. Right now, Gboard app is only available in the United States and company has yet to announce when it will be available to download elsewhere. Facebook Comments Website Comments Matt Dyer May 16th, 2017 Reply Generally I don’t learn article on blogs, however I wish to say that this write-up very pressured me to try and do it! Your writing taste has been surprised me. Thank you, very nice post. Anthony Rees May 16th, 2017 Reply You really make it seem really easy with your presentation however I in finding this topic to be actually one thing which I feel I’d never understand. It kind of feels too complex and very wide for me. I am looking forward on your subsequent post, I will attempt to get the hang of it! Una Walsh May 16th, 2017 Reply Hello there. Just wished to inquire a fast problem. Connor Walsh May 16th, 2017 Reply well! More exciting content and fantastic Yvonne Campbell May 17th, 2017 Reply Please let me know if you’re looking for a article author for your blog. You have some really good posts and I feel I would be a good asset. If you ever want to take some of the load off, I’d absolutely love to write some material for your blog in exchange for a link back to mine. Please shoot me an e-mail if interested. Thanks! Bernadette Hart May 17th, 2017 Reply Rattling clear site, appreciate it for this post. Nathan Kerr May 18th, 2017 Reply You really make it seem so easy with your presentation but I find this topic to be actually something which I think I would never understand. It seems too complicated and very broad for me. I am looking forward for your next post, I will try to get the hang of it! Austin Grant May 18th, 2017 Reply Pretty component of content. I simply stumbled upon your web site and in accession capital to say that I get in fact loved account your blog posts. Any way I will be subscribing to your augment or even I achievement you access consistently fast. Anna Nolan May 18th, 2017 Reply It is fantastic time to make a handful of plans for the future and it is time to be pleased. I have understand this place up and if I may possibly I want to suggest you few attention-grabbing problems or advice. Possibly you can write next articles referring to this article. I wish to read much more difficulties about it! Audrey Springer May 19th, 2017 Reply I really love your blog.. Great colors & theme. Did you create this web site yourself? Please reply back as I’m planning to create my own blog and would love to find out where you got this from or just what the theme is called. Kudos! Faith Davidson May 19th, 2017 Reply Hi! This post couldn’t be written any better! Reading through this post reminds me of my good old room mate! Ava Robertson May 20th, 2017 Reply And you also et your free account upon Bebo? Benjamin Johnston May 20th, 2017 Reply Heyy just wanted to give yyou a brief heads up and let you know a few oof the pictures aren’t loading correctly. I’m not sure why butt I think its a linking issue. I’ve tried it in two different web browsers and both show the same outcome.Feel free to surf to my homepage porn Edward Powell May 20th, 2017 Reply The things i have always told people is that when searching for a good on the net electronics retail outlet, there are a few variables that you have to remember to consider. First and foremost, you want to make sure to get a reputable along with reliable store that has received great testimonials and scores from other customers and business world leaders. This will ensure that you are getting through with a well-known store that provides good service and assistance to the patrons. Many thanks for sharing your thinking on this website. Mary Peters May 20th, 2017 Reply I enjoy reading through an article that will make people think. Also, thank you for allowing me to comment! Bella Dyer May 21st, 2017 Reply There’s definately a lot to learn about this subject. I really like all the points you made. Stewart Mathis May 21st, 2017 Reply Your style is really unique in comparison to other folks I have read stuff from. I appreciate you for posting when you have the opportunity, Guess I’ll just book mark this site. Samantha Reid May 22nd, 2017 Reply I enjoy you because of every one of your effort on this website. Debby delights in working on investigation and it’s really easy to understand why. A lot of people notice all about the dynamic form you create precious thoughts by means of the web blog and even recommend response from website visitors on that point plus our favorite princess has been studying a lot of things. Take pleasure in the rest of the new year. You are always carrying out a stunning job. Nathan McDonald May 22nd, 2017 Reply Valuable information. Lucky me I discovered your web site by accident, and I’m shocked why this accident didn’t took place in advance! I bookmarked it. Abigail Ince May 22nd, 2017 Reply I think other web-site proprietors should take this web site as an model very clean and fantastic style and design, not to mention the content. You are an expert in this area! Kimberly Hardacre May 22nd, 2017 Reply Zune and iPod: Most people compare the Zune to the Touch, but after seeing how slim and surprisingly small and light it is, I consider it to be a rather unique hybrid that combines qualities of both the Touch and the Nano. It’s very colorful and lovely OLED screen is slightly smaller than the touch screen, but the player itself feels quite a bit smaller and lighter. It weighs about 2/3 as much, and is noticeably smaller in width and height, while being just a hair thicker. Carolyn Fraser May 23rd, 2017 Reply Quality content is the secret to invite the viewers to pay a quick visit the site, that’s what this web page is providing. Harry Terry May 23rd, 2017 Reply Hello.This article was extremely interesting, particularly since I was searching for thoughts on this subject last couple of days. Yvonne Hart May 23rd, 2017 Reply Very good article. I definitely appreciate this site. Keep it up! Julian Cornish May 24th, 2017 Reply Hi! I’ve been following your blog for a while now and finally got the courage to go ahead and give you a shout out from Austin Tx! Just wanted to tell you keep up the fantastic work! Brandon James May 24th, 2017 Reply Hi there, is it rite to simply study from books not to pay a quick visit internet for newest updates, what you say friends? Ella Greene May 24th, 2017 Reply You made some decent points there. I did a search on the topic and found most persons will approve with your website. Austin Ball May 25th, 2017 Reply You are a very capable person! Zoe James May 25th, 2017 Reply I was recommended this blog by my cousin. I am not sure whether this post is written by him as no one else know such detailed about my problem. You’re amazing! Thanks! Emily Hardacre May 26th, 2017 Reply Hey very cool web site!! Man .. Excellent .. Amazing .. I’ll bookmark your web site and take the feeds also…I’m happy to find numerous useful info here in the post, we need work out more techniques in this regard, thanks for sharing. . . . . . Joshua James May 26th, 2017 Reply Magnificent goods from you, man. I’ve understand your stuff previous to and you are just too excellent. I really like what you have acquired here, really like what you are saying and the way in which you say it. You make it entertaining and you still take care of to keep it wise. I can not wait to read far more from you. This is actually a tremendous site. Julia Buckland May 26th, 2017 Reply I have been surfing online more than 3 hours today, yet I never found any interesting article like yours. It is pretty worth enough for me. In my opinion, if all site owners and bloggers made good content as you did, the web will be a lot more useful than ever before. Leah Jackson May 26th, 2017 Reply Thank you a bunch for sharing this with all people you actually recognise what you are speaking about! Bookmarked. Please additionally talk over with my site =). We will have a hyperlink exchange contract between us Joshua Greene May 27th, 2017 Reply I’ll immediately clutch your rss as I can not find your e-mail subscription link or newsletter service. Do you have any? Please let me know so that I may just subscribe. Thanks. Jack Tucker May 27th, 2017 Reply Hi there friends, how is all, and what you desire to say about this piece of writing, in my view its truly amazing designed for me. Lily Walsh May 27th, 2017 Reply Valuable info. Lucky me I found your web site by accident, and I’m shocked why this accident did not happened earlier! I bookmarked it. Paul White May 27th, 2017 Reply Hello, i think that i saw you visited my blog thus i came to “return the favor”.I am trying to find things to enhance my website!I suppose its ok to use some of your ideas!! Anne Morrison May 28th, 2017 Reply An interesting discussion is worth comment. There’s no doubt that that you should publish more on this subject matter, it may not be a taboo matter but typically folks don’t discuss such topics. To the next! Many thanks!! Owen Payne May 28th, 2017 Reply Great post. I used to be checking continuously this weblog and I’m impressed! Extremely useful info particularly the last part 🙂 I care for such information a lot. I used to be seeking this particular information for a very long time. Thanks and best of luck. Nicola Welch May 29th, 2017 Reply Excellent write-up. I definitely love this website. Stick with it! Carl Scott May 29th, 2017 Reply Things i have seen in terms of pc memory is always that there are requirements such as SDRAM, DDR etc, that must fit the features of the mother board. If the pc’s motherboard is rather current while there are no operating-system issues, improving the ram literally requires under one hour. It’s among the list of easiest computer upgrade techniques one can think about. Thanks for expressing your ideas. Bella Morrison May 29th, 2017 Reply Itís enormous that you are getting thoughts from this piece of writing as well as from our discussion made at this place. Robert North May 29th, 2017 Reply I do not even know how I ended up here, but I thought this post was good. I don’t know who you are but definitely you’re going to a famous blogger if you are not already Cheers! Penelope Ball May 30th, 2017 Reply Hi there! I could have sworn I’ve been to this blog before but after reading through some of the post I realized it’s new to me. Nonetheless, I’m definitely glad I found it and I’ll be book-marking and checking back frequently! Carol Piper May 30th, 2017 Reply glad to be one of the visitors on this amazing web site : D. Melanie Lewis May 30th, 2017 Reply It’s not that I want to replicate your web page, but I really like the layout. Could you let me know which theme are you using? Or was it tailor made? Boris MacLeod May 30th, 2017 Reply The next time I read a blog, I hope that it doesn’t disappoint me as much as this particular one. After all, Yes, it was my choice to read through, nonetheless I truly thought you would probably have something helpful to talk about. All I hear is a bunch of moaning about something that you could possibly fix if you were not too busy seeking attention. Max Black May 31st, 2017 Reply The numbering follows certain pattern among the players in the roster depending on their position on the field through the game. As the NFL season is really hot in America, the nfl t-shirt jerseys are really hot online. His Number 22 indicated that he played as a rusher. Dominic Scott May 31st, 2017 Reply Sedan 1989 d Sarah Rees June 1st, 2017 Reply Thank you for the auspicious writeup. It in fact was a amusement account it. Look advanced to more added agreeable from you! However, how could we communicate? POST A COMMENT. Cancel reply WordPress spam blocked by CleanTalk. 1 400 0 Remember me ? Forget Password ?Register June 2017 M T W T F S S « May       1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30   Latest Tweets News: VP camps fears politics in impeach try. #kabayanweekly #abudhabi #dubai #dubaipr #mydubai… https://t.co/og4hU84FXH 2 months ago Our Branded Pinoy for the week featuring Zarrah Jane Amagan a.k.a The Bandwagon Chic - The… https://t.co/FDQj1iItPi 2 months ago Breaking News: UAE joins WWF's Earth Hour. ❤ #kabayanweekly #abudhabi #dubai #dubaipr #mydubai… https://t.co/IZvMOgPoyA 2 months ago Breaking News: Hail Storm hit Dubai. Keep safe everyone! 🙏🏻 #kabayanweekly #abudhabi #dubai… https://t.co/Alxk1eU5ww 2 months ago Trouble sleeping in UAE? You are not alone. Read the full article at our latest issue of… https://t.co/m7tBxP57Ri 2 months ago Break Guinness World Records at Ramadan Night Market June 3, 2017 128 Two hours of amazing Dubai drama June 3, 2017 137 Supporters to wait longer for Duterte’s UAE visit June 3, 2017 132 June 2017 M T W T F S S « May       1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30   About Us Careers Contact Us Privacy Policy Stay Connected RSS Feed Mobile Alerts Back to top. NEWS ENTERTAINMENT SPORTS LIFESTYLE BUSINESS TECHNOLOGY OPINION OTHERS DMS
自由電子報 | 影音娛樂 | 好康報報 | 自由部落 ‧Business Home Front Page Taiwan News Business Editorials Sports World News Features Bilingual Pages Home / Business Mon, May 29, 2017 - Page 14　News List Print Mail Facebook Twitter plurk funp Google ad product ties on and offline PRIVACY-SAFE:The company said its matching of online ads with real-world purchases would be done safely in aggregated and anonymized forms AFP, SAN FRANCISCO Google is testing a way to tie online ads to brick-and-mortar store purchases, a move whetting marketing appetites while fueling privacy worries. A product called “Google Attribution” was unveiled at a marketing conference this month in San Francisco by the Internet giant. Google has long been able to determine when users click on ads and make purchases, but linking online and offline habits takes its analytics a step further. Google senior vice president Sridhar Ramaswamy, who announced that Attribution is in test mode with a limited number of partners and would be rolled out to more advertisers in coming weeks, touted the tool as being able to answer the long-challenging question of whether marketing campaigns are working. “Google Attribution makes it possible for every marketer to measure the impact of their marketing across devices and across channels,” Ramaswamy said. “Data-driven attribution uses machine learning to determine how much credit to assign to each step in the consumer journey — from the first time they engage with your brand for early research down to the final click before purchase.” Real-world customer e-mail addresses or loyalty plan information can be woven with Google data from services such as AdWords, Google Analytics and DoubleClick Search to provide “a complete view” of marketing performance, the company said. Using artificial intelligence, or machine learning, to better analyze and understand consumer behavior to target ads and promote sales was a major theme of the conference. For several years, AdWords has enabled advertisers to measure visits to real-world stores stemming from online campaigns, Ramaswamy said. “Still, measuring store visits is just one part of the equation,” he added. “You also need insights into how your online ads drive sales for your business.” Real-world transactions matched back to Google ads are handled in “a secure and privacy-safe way,” with store sales information reported in aggregated and anonymized forms to protect individual privacy, the company said. Tying online activity to offline shopping decisions has been a “holy grail” for advertisers for quite some time and comes with worrisome privacy implications, American Civil Liberties Union senior policy analyst Jay Stanley said. Attribution threatens to intrude on a core tenant of privacy, that people’s dealings with one party would not spill over into affairs with other parties with which they interact, Stanley said. “This is an evolution, not a revolution; another step toward increased monitoring of individuals,” Stanley said. “Each step raises the question: ‘Where does this all stop?’” Stanley expects Google to be on its best behavior when it comes to handling its growing trove of information about users, but said that even the best of intentions could crack under the “enormous hydraulic pressure of the profit motive.” “We have the full fury and genius of the capitalist system being driven toward monitoring people in ever-increasing detail and companies are competing to do so,” Stanley said. “It will not stop without some sort of rules in which we as a society express our values through legal protections.” Google and Facebook Inc dominate the online ad world, and what one does to prove its worth to advertisers is likely to be copied by the other, Silicon Valley analyst Rob Enderle of Enderle Group said. 1 2 NEXT › This story has been viewed 1590 times. Comments will be moderated. Remarks containing abusive and obscene language, personal attacks of any kind or promotion will be removed and the user banned. Print Mail facebook twitter plurk funp TOP Most Popular Listing from 2017-05-29 to 2017-06-05 Most read Most e-mailed 1 Toy gun maker sent to prison 2 Torrential rain floods northern areas 3 League might soon be linked to KMT 4 Beijing’s handling of Lee’s case is backfiring 5 Father George Martinson dies MORE  1 Torrential rain floods northern areas 2 Toy gun maker sent to prison 3 Extension requested for 228 claimants 4 Father George Martinson dies 5 Regulations stifling tech industry: TCA chairman MORE  Home Front Page Taiwan News Business Editorials Sports World News Features Bilingual Pages Subscribe‧Advertise‧Employment‧About Us‧Contact Us‧ RSS Copyright © 1999-2017 The Taipei Times. All rights reserved.
NEWS l l CHANNELS GamesBeat AI AR/VR Big Data Bots Business Cloud Dev Entrepreneur Esports Heartland Tech Marketing Media Mobile PC Gaming Security Social Transportation Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Advertise EVENTS l l VB EVENTS Upcoming Events GET INVOLVED Sponsor Speaker Media Partner Volunteer Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Advertise RESEARCH l l CATEGORIES Marketing Tech Mobile Gaming Miscellaneous LEARN MORE VB Top Ten Subscription Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Advertise ‹ NEWS › CHANNELS GamesBeat Esports AI Heartland Tech AR/VR Marketing Big Data Media Bots Mobile Business PC Gaming Cloud Security Dev Social Entrepreneur Transportation ‹ EVENTS › VB EVENTS Upcoming Events GET INVOLVED Sponsor Media Partner Speaker Volunteer ‹ RESEARCH › CATEGORIES Marketing Tech Gaming Mobile Miscellaneous LEARN MORE VB Top Ten Subscription ‹ VENTUREBEAT › About Advertise Careers Contact Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars AI Tech giants acquired 34 AI startups in Q1 2017 Reuters May 28, 2017 9:33 AM Above: Sundar Pichai, chief executive officer of Google, onstage at Google I/O 2017. (Reuters) – A total of 34 artificial intelligence startups were acquired in the first quarter of this year, more than twice the amount of activity in the year-ago quarter, according to the research firm CB Insights. Tech giants seeking to reinforce their leads in artificial intelligence or make up for lost ground have been the most aggressive buyers. Google has acquired 11 AI startups since 2012, the most of any firm, followed by Apple, Facebook and Intel, respectively, according to CB Insights. The companies declined to comment on their acquisition strategies. A spokesman for Apple did confirm the company’s recent purchase of Lattice Data, a startup that specializes in working with unstructured data. The first quarter also saw one of the largest deals to date as Ford Motor Company invested $1 billion in Argo AI, founded by former executives on self-driving teams at Google and Uber. Startups are looking to go deep on applications of artificial intelligence to specific fields, such as health and retail, industry observers say, rather than compete directly with established companies. “What you will see is very big players will build platform services, and startup communities will migrate more to applied intelligent apps,” said Matt McIlwain, managing director of Madrona Venture Group. Healthcare startup Forward, for example, is using artificial intelligence to crunch data that can inform doctors’ recommendations. “For people who really want to focus on core AI problems, it makes a lot of sense to be in bigger companies,” said Forward Chief Executive Officer Adrian Aoun, who previously worked at Google. “But for folks who really want to prove a new field, a new area, it makes more sense to be separate.” Artificial intelligence companies that do remain independent field a steady stream of suitors: Matthew Zeiler, chief executive of Clarifai, which specializes in image and video recognition, said he has been approached about a dozen times by prospective acquirers since starting the company in late 2013. Clarifai’s pitch to customers such as consumer goods company Unilever and hotel search firm Trivago is bolstered by its narrow focus on artificial intelligence. “(Google) literally competes with almost every company on the planet,” Zeiler said. “Are you going to trust them with being your partner for AI?” Tech giants have been locked in a bidding war for academics specializing in artificial intelligence. Startups rarely have the capital to compete, but a company with a specialized mission can win over recruits, said Vic Gundotra, chief executive of AliveCor, which makes an AI-driven portable heart monitor. “They say, ‘I want to come here and work on a project that might save my mother’s life,’” Gundotra said. (Reporting by Julia Love; Editing by Jonathan Weber and Lisa Shumaker) VB Recommendations IBM Research creates a groundbreaking 5-nanometer chip Why shortcuts for Google Home are a total waste of time Are chatbots just another fad?
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Try Yahoo Finance on Firefox » Yahoo Search Search Sign in Finance Home Originals Events Personal Finance Technology Markets Industries My Screeners My Portfolio U.S. Markets open in 8 hrs 9 mins S&P 500 2,439.07 +9.01 (+0.37%) Dow 30 21,206.29 +62.11 (+0.29%) YouTube thought a giant American flag wasn’t 'advertiser friendly' Rob Pegoraro Contributing Editor Yahoo Finance May 28, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Share A 15-second YouTube clip titled “The Flag at FedEx 9/11/2011” isn’t exactly video for the ages. This shot of a giant American flag being unfurled across FedEx Field on the 10th anniversary of the Sept. 11 terrorist attacks shakes a bit, and the audio is too muddy to make out the announcer’s words. YouTube’s content screeners, however, had a different problem with that video of a patriotic pregame ritual: They judged it not “advertiser friendly” and therefore disqualified it from featuring ads that might make its author some spare change. That Alphabet, Inc. (GOOG, GOOGL) subsidiary fixed the mistake after I inquired about it. But the underlying problem remains: It’s hard to screen the stuff random people upload to YouTube. Advertiser anxiety Historically, YouTube has been a money-making machine for its corporate parent. Google doesn’t break out its share of its total ad revenues, but it’s long touted that video-sharing site as a strong contributor to those revenues. In February, however, the TImes of London reported that YouTube was pairing mainstream ads with videos uploaded by jihadists, neo-Nazis and other extremist elements. That represented a massive failure of YouTube’s “programmatic” ad-matching software, which is supposed to fit ads to the interests of the expected audience of a clip. More than 250 brands quickly responded by pulling their ads from YouTube. Over April, the ad-analytics firm MediaRadar estimated that 5% of YouTube’s U.S. and Canadian clients had fled the service. Google apologized and said it would implement stronger safeguards against ads showing up next to videos that would embarrass or horrify ad clients. That’s what David Heyman ran into with his video of a giant American flag. Heyman is a D.C. sports fan whose most-viewed video is a 2008 clip of President George W. Bush throwing out the first pitch at Nationals Park. He was surprised to get a “Your video can’t be monetized” e-mail from YouTube. YouTube’s rules That message explained that Heyman’s video “may not be advertiser friendly.” A Google support document says that term covers “sexually suggestive content,” “violence,” “inappropriate language,” “promotion of drugs and regulated substances,” and “controversial or sensitive subjects and events.” Heyman was annoyed more by the principle of the thing than the potential lost revenue, since he says he’s “never received a dime” from YouTube ads. He requested a review of that decision and got the same answer. “My guess is since my video has ‘9/11’ in the title, that is it,” he wrote in an email. “There is no reference or voiceover to the attack.” I e-mailed Google to ask what had happened and got a vague mistakes-were-made response: “sometimes we make the wrong call on content​.“ The YouTube spokesperson who sent that said Heyman’s video now had ads enabled. So we can still only guess whether mentioning 9/11—a widely discussed topic seared into many American’s memories—will to continue to upset YouTube’s sensibilities. (I can’t rule out Washington’s hapless, apparently hopeless NFL franchise being the sore subject here.) A hard job for men or machines But there’s no mystery about the degree of difficulty of reviewing this content. With some 400 hours of video uploaded to YouTube every minute, the site has to make snap judgments on a flood of new content that never stops.   This is the same basic problem that Facebook (FB) faces when it tries to ensure that Live streaming doesn’t get abused to broadcast crimes. Both companies have spent heavily on human screeners and on artificial-intelligence filters. Google’s apologetic post cited plans to hire “significant numbers of people” and develop “new tools powered by our latest advancements in AI and machine learning.” But the people and the software can still make mistakes. “This story does not surprise me,” e-mailed Siva Vaidhyanathan, director of the Center for Media and Citizenship at the University of Virginia. “My sense is that Google hopes the algorithms get more sensitive and precise as they gather more data and learn the difference between a patriotic expression and a paranoid expression,” he said. “But video content remains the hardest to read for a computer.” In this case, the system failed in about the least damaging way possible. The video had no risk of being taken down, the income at stake was theoretical at best, and a single query from a journalist got things squared away. But more and uglier errors are inevitable as politicians invoke the American flag and 9/11 in their speeches. Email Rob at rob@robpegoraro.com; follow him on Twitter at @robpegoraro. More from Rob: Why you shouldn’t be loyal to just one tech company How Google is trying to make the mobile web less ugly Android O: Google tries to fix Android’s biggest weakness How a wider laptop ban could threaten your safety and data How Gogo will transform your Wi-Fi experience in the sky These are the tech industry’s 2 biggest concerns about Trump Why Hulu with Live TV and other streaming TV services are worth the money How to get 4 billion unconnected people online Trump’s FCC chair issues attack on open internet rules Reblog Share Tweet Share Recently Viewed Your list is empty. What to Read Next 'I sit back and wait for them to fire me': A former Googler explains the secret to success over 15 years at the company Business Insider Osteens Finally Clear Up The Controversial Rumors TheBlaze.comSponsored Microsoft Will Pay You to Use Bing Instead of Google Fortune Who are the suspects behind the London terror attack? The Telegraph London attack: PM's condemnation of tech firms criticised BBC News Get a softer clean while using less* CharminSponsored How to stream the Champions League final for free on YouTube Goal.com In San Francisco, $160,000 gets you a storage locker Yahoo Finance CNN host calls Trump a 'piece of s---' over response to London attack Business Insider Top 8 Credit Cards If You Have Excellent Credit CompareCards.comSponsored Married couples have 81 ways to claim Social Security. Here's how to maximize your benefits CNBC The Way Mike Fisher and Carrie Underwood Met Will Reignite Your Hope For a Future With Leo Popsugar US What to watch in the markets in the week ahead Yahoo Finance Video This Technology Will Be Bigger Than the Internet The Sovereign InvestorSponsored Gmail 'Smart Reply' feature is a reminder Google scans your email Yahoo Finance US embassy in London directly contradicts Trump's Twitter attack on London's mayor Business Insider "Make America white again": Trump supporter at White House Rick W: See what happens when the government cuts funding for mental institutions? Join the Conversation 1 / 5 1.3k
Tech Search Search Global 500Apple and Amazon Have ‘Joined Foxconn’s Bid For Toshiba’s Chip Business’ VenezuelaThe Airline Standoff in Venezuela is Getting Worse as the Country’s Crisis Deepens aerospace and defenseOculus Founder Palmer Luckey Is Working on a Defense Startup Entrepreneur3 Questions You Should Ask Yourself Before Quitting Your Job Android Android Malware ‘Judy’ Hits as Many as 36.5 Million Phones David Z. Morris May 28, 2017 The security firm Checkpoint on Thursday uncovered dozens of Android applications that infected users’ devices with malicious ad-click software. In at least one case, an app bearing the malware was available through the Google Play app store for more than a year. Fashion Judy: Pretty Rapper Style is one of dozens of Android apps found to infect mobile devices with malware. Enistudio  While the actual extent of the malicious code’s spread is unknown, Checkpoint says it may have reached as many as 36.5 million users, making it potentially the most widely-spread malware yet found on Google Play. Google removed the apps after being notified by Checkpoint. Get Data Sheet, Fortune’s technology newsletter. The malicious apps primarily included a series of casual cooking and fashion games under the “Judy” brand, a name borrowed for the malware itself. The nefarious nature of the programs went unnoticed in large part, according to Checkpoint, because its malware payload was downloaded from a non-Google server after the programs were installed. The code would then use the infected phone to click on Google ads, generating fraudulent revenue for the attacker. The infection may have spread even more widely than Checkpoint’s estimates, since not all of the extensive line of “Judy” apps are included on Checkpoint’s tally – it’s missing Fashion Judy: Magic Girl Style and Fashion Judy: Masquerade Style, among others. All installments of the series do appear to have been pulled from Google Play. The “Judy” apps were published by an apparently Korean entity known as ENISTUDIO. However, iterations of the same attack were found on a handful of apps from other publishers. This is not the first instance of a malware infestation making it through the screening process on Google Play, nor is it the most damaging – Checkpoint did not find any evidence, for instance, that “Judy” compromised data on infected phones. That Judy was able to hide on Google Play for so long highlights the tradeoffs of Android operating system, which is often seen as more open but less secure than Apple’s iOS. Customer ServiceSite MapPrivacy PolicyAdvertisingAd ChoicesTerms of UseYour California Privacy RightsCareers © 2017 Time Inc. All rights reserved. All products and services featured are based solely on editorial selection. FORTUNE may receive compensation for some links to products and services on this website. Quotes delayed at least 15 minutes. Market data provided by Interactive Data. ETF and Mutual Fund data provided by Morningstar, Inc. Dow Jones Terms & Conditions: http://www.djindexes.com/mdsidx/html/tandc/indexestandcs.html. S&P Index data is the property of Chicago Mercantile Exchange Inc. and its licensors. All rights reserved. Terms & Conditions. Powered and implemented by Interactive Data Managed Solutions Subscribe Search Home Fortune 500 All Rankings Tech Leadership Venture Fortune Insiders Most Powerful Women Automotive Careers Energy & Environment Executive Travel Finance Health TIME Health International Looking Forward Retail Markets Magazine Newsletters Videos Fortune Conferences Follow FORTUNE Share Share on Facebook Post on Twitter Email this story Share on Reddit Share on Pinterest Share on LinkedIn
PhoneDog Android And Me TodaysiPhone NEW Call T-Mobile at (855) 668-8976 TmoNews Unofficial T-Mobile Blog, News, Videos, Articles and more Navigation Home Submit News 700MHz LTE map Upcoming Phones HOT TOPICS: Samsung Galaxy Note 7 LG V20 Google Pixel Extended Range LTE Android 7.0 Nougat You are here: Home > T-Mobile offers to pay for Verizon switchers’ phones, two-lines-for-one deal also coming T-Mobile offers to pay for Verizon switchers’ phones, two-lines-for-one deal also coming May 24, 2017 Alex Wagner 108 Comments Yesterday T-Mobile CEO John Legere teased that T-Mo had multiple announcements coming up, and today a couple of them have been made. Starting May 31st, T-Mobile will kick off its #GetOutoftheRed promotion to help Verizon customers switch to T-Mo. Verizon customers in good standing with their carrier can get their iPhone or Google Pixel paid off by T-Mobile when they switch to T-Mobile and sign up for T-Mobile One, and they can keep their existing device. The phones that qualify for this promotion include the iPhone SE, iPhone 6s, iPhone 6s Plus, iPhone 7, iPhone 7 Plus, Google Pixel, and Google Pixel XL. T-Mobile says that these devices were selected because “phones need certain software to be globally compatible, and some phones don’t yet have that software.” Magenta does say that it’s working with unspecified device makers to make more phones compatible with this promotion. Additionally, Verizon customers switching to T-Mobile must add T-Mo’s Premium Device Protection Plus insurance plan to their device to qualify. This insurance plan costs $15 per month and includes protection against loss, theft, and accidental damage, McAfee ID Protection, McAfee Content Protection, and other features. T-Mobile says that it’ll pay Verizon customers that take advantage of this promotion with a digital prepaid MasterCard card that typically arrives within 15 days. While this #GetOutoftheRed promotion is focused on Verizon customers (because VZW phones are unlocked), T-Mobile is doing something for AT&T and Sprint subscribers, too. Starting on May 31st, AT&T and Sprint customers can switch to T-Mobile and get their existing device paid off when they buy a new phone from T-Mobile on EIP. And unlike Carrier Freedom, those customers won’t be forced to trade in their existing device. Finally, T-Mobile says that starting tomorrow, May 25th, T-Mobile One customers with at least two voice lines can get two additional lines of service for the price of one. The cost of the second line will be offset by a bill credit. Our friends over at Wirefly have a great tool to compare T-Mobile plans against each other and against other plans on the market. Source: T-Mobile Tags: AT&T, Get Out of the Red, Google Pixel, Google Pixel XL, iPhone 6s, iPhone 6s Plus, iPhone 7, iPhone 7 Plus, iPhone SE, John Legere, Sprint, Verizon About Alex Wagner Editorial Director of News and Content for PhoneDog Media. Arsenal, beer, video games. Can be found on Twitter at @alw. View all posts by Alex Wagner → ← T-Mobile Galaxy S6 edge+ update includes security patches, intermittent call failure fix T-Mobile increases deprioritization threshold to 32GB → resource Bill credits, run for your life! (J²) Right… I’d found that the system doesn’t consistently apply these. TylerCameron Yeah their billng process it’s horrible Steve_NYC So true. I actually considered moving to the T-Mobile One Plan even though it would have cost me more money, just to get away from the insanity of their bill credit process. I finally got things straightened out, but I am sure it will be a problem in the future. It’s gotten to the point that I think it’s deliberate. Mike I had a free line from November that I had to call in every month. to get credit. They finally fixed it to be automatic this month. best part I got extra bill credits for months since last November and my bill is now negative so I didn’t have to make a payment this month. Al William So in order to get the free line, you need to have at least a total of 4 voice lines? Corey Jalette You need to have 2 voice lines to get this promo, which you get 2 lines for the price of 1. So in total you end up woth 4 lines, 1st 2 have to be voice, the 2 you’re adding could be whatever you want. So if you’re on the 2/100 plan right now if you add 2 tablets it would be 120 a month (20 per tablet but 1 is free) or if you add 2 voice lines it would be 140 (40 for adding a 3rd line then 4th is free) Al William Thanks for the clarification! So minimum 2 voice lines and the other 2 could be voice or data. I just wish they get rid of these bill credits. Sometimes it’s such a nightmare. Corey Jalette It can be yes but that’s how pretty much everything is done. Just like they had a free line deal in march it’s listed on my account as a free line on us but I still get the charge on my bill, but it’s auto credited. The only time it wasn’t was the first month because I added it before the end of the billing cycle. Cost $49 but they also credited my account manually that one time. Haven’t had an issue since. AWasserberg7 This article mentions Magenta. What *is* Magenta? Is that some cute term of affection for T-Mobile? kev2684 Are you serious? It’s their brand color. VZW = Red AT&T = Blue T-Mobile = Magenta Sprint = Yellow Nobody Special Cricket (umm, green) lol Genecio MetroPCS= Purple Black&Orange= Boost The Waz Just confirmed by T-Force that if you have a 2 for 100 plus a “this ones on us promo” giving you total 3 lines, you will lose your free line if you take advantage of the promotion of 2 for 1 tomorrow. They stated that they have to move you to a different Tmobile One plan….makes no sense since there is only 1 plan…… Corey Jalette This is ONLY if you’re adding a voice line people. If you’re adding tablet/smartwatch/mobile Internet plans that doesn’t affect your phone plan promo of 2/100. Corey Jalette Add 2 tablets with unlimited data on your plan for $20/month. They frequently have a free tablet promo with qualifying data plan. Snatch those up and you’re golden. The Waz Yes this will affect both. IF you have the 2 for 100 and the “this one is on us” free line….you will lose both promotions…confirmed with t force and John directly. Ben Also why can’t the t force reps do this. Seems very simple. chnage to the 4 plan rate, open the C-2 documentation, search this one on us, ask supervisor to open the page, enter the code on my account to reflect the 4th line as being free. And then add the 1 for 2 lines, or 50 percent off a one more line. This way I keep hookup and this one on us promo. and also eligible for future lines down the road. Yea this is very strange Corey Jalette Not the case, I was able to add 1 more tablet line to my plan for half off yesterday. 2/100 all in promo with 1 free tablet line from March. Now 1 more tablet at half off. 4/$110 not including any kickbacks which both phone lines usually stay under 2gb so 4/$90 now. Had to pay the sim/activation charge of $25 +tax, and my first month will cost about $40 for adding midway through billing cycle. Then $10 or less(if kickback is on). Ben Also why can’t the t force reps do this. Seems very simple. chnage to the 4 plan rate, open the C-2 documentation, search this one on us, ask supervisor to open the page, enter the code on my account to reflect the 4th line as being free. And then add the 1 for 2 lines, or 50 percent off a one more line. This way I keep hookup and this one on us promo. and also eligible for future lines down the road. So yea im wondering is anyone can find a loophole or something Andrew Singleton the reason is that you’re on a 2-line promotional plan paying $20 less than everyone else, and you’ve added a line. since you’re unable to add another line on that plan, you are forced to switch to a 3+ line plan, and that will cause activation-related discounts to drop. Corey below is correct, because internet lines (tablet, watch, syncup drive) are their own rate plan and don’t affect your voice configuration. Ben Also why can’t the t force reps do this. Seems very simple. chnage to the 4 plan rate, open the C-2 documentation, search this one on us, ask supervisor to open the page, enter the code on my account to reflect the 4th line as being free. And then add the 1 for 2 lines, or 50 percent off a one more line. This way I keep hookup and this one on us promo. and also eligible for future lines down the road. J Gerard Yeah! Let’s switch to T-MOBILE because we want to not be able to make phone calls half the time, and not have a signal to look something up when we actually need it. Oh yeah, and to not be able to upload pictures of something fun that we’re doing until we’re at home connected to WiFi later that night or the next day. Before any of you “magenta” fans TRIES to defend them… I’ve been a Verizon customer for about 12 years except for 6 months last year, when I switched because of crappy TMobile’s cheap prices and convincing (misleading) advertising. It was HORRIBLE. I used to get pissed and call them to ask why I could never get a signal. After 6 months, I finally admitted to myself that it was a ridiculous mistake and switched back to The Red! NEVER any issues with Verizon’s service. Never. “Magenta” is only good at talking a big game. If anyone’s thinking about switching to T-Mobile, DON’T DO IT. They are the worst. Go to any other carrier. Doesn’t have to be Verizon. kev2684 It’s all about location, location, location. Just because your area is bad, doesn’t mean everybody will have the same problem as you. J Gerard … EXCEPT that I live in a city. Oh, and Verizon’s coverage is flawless here. I happen to also know (through friends) that AT&T and Sprint are good here, too. Oh, but it’s all about location, location, location. Weak argument. T-Mobile just sucks! There’s a reason it’s so CHEAP! Austin8480 … OK JGerard. Next time, PLEASE use all capital letters to truly get YOUR point across. What I find PATHETIC is that you are a die hard Verizon turd in a TMobile blog. Oh wait, I meant Verizon TURD. Forgot to emphasize that. NOBODY in this room gives a flying —- about your opinion because you slummed it for 6 months and went to Magenta and it was as big of a mistake as…well, I will let you figure it out. J Gerard You were so busy typing a 3rd grade level post that you forgot to make a point. Here’s one for you: T-Mobile is inferior to almost all other carriers. Austin8480 If T-Mobile is so inferior, why are you even giving this blog the time of day. Are you upset that no kids want to hop in your van and eat your chocolate, so you are going to take out your frustrations on the inferior wireless network? thepanttherlady *Tip* Starbursts don’t melt :D theseanteam The hate is strong in this one. Those six months must have really scarred you or something. When you say almost all other carriers, which ones are you referring to? There are only four major carriers after all. And actually, that argument about location is a pretty strong one. T-Mobile’s network is the fastest in many locations, but can be really poor (or even non-existent) in others. The same can be said about everyone–including Verizon. Every carrier has their strong and weak areas. For someone to deny such would have to either be 1) ignorant 2) biased beyond belief or 3) troll. yankeesusa Yea, it still amazes me that people complain about coverage and then lump everyone else in america as having the same coverage, like we all live in the same area. Oh well. People never learn. I’m just happy tmobile works for me and that my data speeds are the highest iv’e ever had. At my house i’m getting close to 100megs almost every time. But hey i guess that’s not good enough for some. thepanttherlady I moved to Crestline a couple of weeks ago. No service. :'( kev2684 I had to google where that is lol :D Yeah it’s rural Ohio but I suppose Band 12 is coming? I’ve seen sightings on Band 12 in Jacksonville, FL lately as well as other parts of the country it’s currently not available. They’re probably working on it at the moment. thepanttherlady Sorry, I should have been more specific. It’s Crestline, CA. I made the same mistake when I called a county office but only Googled Crestline. Guy was really confused as they don’t have my address there. Took me a minute to figure out he was in Ohio. LOL kev2684 You’re literally live in a mountain! Views must be spectacular! thepanttherlady Some of them really are. :) Zacamandapio Verizon here we gooooooo. By the way, we went to Lake Gregory. :) thepanttherlady I’m literally 7 minutes from there. Went there 2 weekends ago to check it out. Water level is a little on the low side. Met a couple that same night that said they’d drained it for some reason and cited “water politics” because I guess the locals aren’t happy about it. Drove up from the Hesperia side this past Saturday and got to see Lake Silverwood. Will have to check it out this summer. Nice drive but hated seeing so many dead trees. :( ETA: I had to get Frontier (Verizon) internet so I could actually use my cell phone. What really sucks is: 1. I literally just got a hotspot through T-Mobile a month ago when they were offering another free line. It’s unusable. 2. I now HAVE to buy phones that have WiFi calling. Blah! thepanttherlady From the day we moved in 5/7: http://imgur.com/UQHsBZF http://imgur.com/t9Z64Q3 http://imgur.com/tm7ReiU And the lake :) http://imgur.com/1YUxwV9 http://imgur.com/tnGMcoq http://imgur.com/zhY16YK http://imgur.com/eaXr58H http://imgur.com/JO9BHJW Sharti24 Who will you be switching to? thepanttherlady I’m not switching. Yet anyway. I lose service 1/2 way up (or down) the mountain so I’ll probably have to get a very cheap pre-paid service/phone for emergencies in case I break down. Not all turnouts have a call box. I still work in Orange County and T-Mobile works fine most places I go. If it starts to be a problem then I’ll have to consider my options. Sharti24 Have tmobile send you a range extender. Not the one you plug into the internet but the one that has two boxes that boosts signal Berzerker Yeah, if you live in Bumblefuck, Montana, don’t switch. Greg Piller Shoot, I just signed up in Montana for TMO. Guess I’m “bumblefucked” lol. I have traveled to every state and been in EVERY U.S. major city multiple times living in every timezone and 11 states. My goodness you have a warped idea of “crap state”. Montana is paradise partner. You have to be from either NYC or California with that f’ed up mentality. He is right & not just in “crap” places but a lot of places like Chicago, IL where I was born and raised. Verizon & AT&T ARE better, Considerably better now in most places but TMO is gaining on them quickly & may reach parity in a few years. When THAT happens if TMO is still competitive, one would have to be a lunatic to stay with AT&T or Verizon. Berzerker …lol. I never said Montana was a “crap state.” It’s the easiest thing to think of when you think of wilderness where you won’t have service for miles. I could have picked a bunch of states, but Montana has, IIRC, the smallest habitation of humans to state ratio, behind Alaska of course. Easy target. Greg Piller To me 4 lines for $120 with TMO is enough of a savings to ditch AT&T. Verizon & AT&T and some of their customers can be arrogant & I think John Legere is one helluva CEO. I can pick up a burner sim with AT&T’s Cricket when I travel a bit and use it until TMO improves in Montana & then it’s sianara to ATT. Happy to be back with TMO. I was formerly a customer since the Voicestream days but when I moved west couldn’t keep them. Their coverage improvement in Montana & the nation as a whole with him at the helm has been nothing short of INCREDIBLE. I hope if the Sprint deal happens Legere is retained as CEO. mreveryphone Hummm… I travel the country for my job and I rarely have issues with T-Mobile… Is it perfect?? No… But no carrier is.. Verizon worked out for you, that’s great. T-Mobile works for millions, that’s also great. But this butt hurt rant is ridiculous and pure comedy! J Gerard “butt hurt rant” is kind of a dumb way to describe what I’m saying. But, I’ll consider the source, eh? Do you know ANYONE who thinks that T is better than V? Nope. So, the difference between us is that I choose to have a better service and I’m willing to pay a little more for it. You are cheap, and you’re willing to have an inferior service because it’s cheaper. That’s it. You know Verizon is better than T-Mobile Francisco Peña Anyone switching carriers should NEVER just switch without taking advantage of the initial return period. I was with VZW for yrs myself. Loved it, with my UDP that was grandfathered. Even went through one wave of price hikes to stay. Then the wife wanted a non-feature phone, and the price hike for her would have boosted out then $108 monthly payment, to $160 once we got a basic data plan, her line access fee (joke) and a new phone. So I looked into TMo. I purposely bought a phone the yr before that worked with Tmo and VZW (moto X DE) and signed up for one line of TMo, switched my Moto to Tmo and reactivated an older LTE phone I had back on VZW. Then I went around for a week doing speed tests everywhere I went. Stuck in traffic? speed test. Both side by side on the seat. Mall? yup, side by side in my hands. Work? yup. Home? yup. I hated VZW at work because my Moto could never get a signal inside the building, which caused my battery to die quickly each day. TMo? got a strong signal. Home, both were weak, but about the same. Driveway? same. So after 10 days, I went in to TMo and switched. Got 2 new phones (had a deal on G4s then) and was spending $140 for 2 lines/10GB each (was the $100/2L/10GB deal) with those phones. Has it been perfect? no. Has it been enough to switch back? no. After some finagling, got a $70 plan with 6GB each for 2 lines. Then have gotten a free line on top of that.. so now I pay $130 for 3 lines, with 6GB each (two don’t come close, mine has Stash so I’m good) and 2 new G6 phones. So for the price, its awesome. Can I deal with some poor service on the outskirts of town? sure. Oh, that Moto X? got it on the 3rd line… theseanteam I don’t think anyone has ever claimed that T-Mobile has better coverage than Verizon, but the point is it has the same quality of coverage in many places. Where I live, T-Mobile has equal coverage and faster speeds. It might not be like that for you, as everyone’s experience will vary. I’m sure if others suffered with bad service, they would switch carriers as well. But your superiority complex is just silly. mreveryphone I know plenty of people that think T-Mobile is better than VW… And I know people that think the opposite, it depends where you live. The service was inferior for you but not for me by any means… I appreciate the cheap name calling, I’ll be cheap all day if it means saving money but getting better service FOR ME… I’ve had service in buildings where others on VW had 0, I’ve smoked people on VW in data speeds tests so I’ll be cheap all day long!! Lol Vazaha There’s an unwritten agreement when you join T-Mobile that you will refrain from living in or going to crappy places. If you live in a decent place T-Mobile is fine. If T-Mobile sucks in your area, you know why :). Vazaha But seriously, I’m always envious of ATT and V when I go to crap places. tranceformer978 Why are you going to crap places? Melissa Cardenas Well what the hell are you doing on this website then? This is a T-Mobile forum obviously most people on here have T-Mobile and they Happy with it so they ain’t gonna listen to you . T-Mobile did not work in my old house so i had Verizon. Now in my new house Verizon don’t work at all and i had to get T-Mobile again because T-Mobile works here fine , So no carrier is perfect. It all depends on location!! J Gerard I get tech news alerts on my phone and things like this come up sometimes and I click on them. I believe that’s allowed! Apparently, what’s not allowed here is proper grammar and punctuation. I almost had to have your post translated in order to read it, but I figured it out eventually. Where did you go to school? Melissa Cardenas What ever im in a hurry and didn’t have time to spell check .But seriously don’t change the subject i don’t get why people like you come talk trash on a T-Mobile forum. ?? Makes no sense haha . And what ever im PRETTY sure you understood fine what i wrote in my first comment. Bull that you almost had to get it translated. Omar Boyer Melisa hes just being an idiot haha i understood perfectly well your first post. And i see they gave u some thumbs up on that first post so others also understood you no need to translate it . Ignore this lowlife with nothing to do. If he wants to stop making an Azz out of himself he should just block the notifications he gets from here. Melissa Cardenas i have better things to worry about ;) omar. And like you said he should just turn off notifications from here then. Eric Harlow Don’t give J Gerard the satisfaction in getting a reaction out of you and allow him to control the situation don’t dumb down to his level Eric Harlow Get off Melissa Cardenas butt about grammar here. This is a forum! Not a college message board or an college English Composition course. T-mobile has improved drastically within the last 3 years. T-mobile works for me out here in San Diego and in my future home in Missoula, Montana. I have mental disabilities that I got serving in The US Navy for twenty years and I dislike your comments towards Melissa Cardenas. This is a T-mobile fan website to discuss peacefully about T-mobile, so get your BIG RED DUMB AND DUMBER ASS OUT OF HERE. Andrew Addison You just made my night with that bomb diggity comment towards that boozo the snow clown filled with stuffy nose, trying to come off as English weirdo professor correcting people on their grammar fool there Bro. Is this guy here serious right now? He had no reason to talk down to someone like that and also talk down on the finest company/carrier, advising everyone to stay away from the best carrier/company which that one being T-Mobile-MetroPCS. We will forever be way Better in USA than any other carrier would have been. Eric Harlow OOH REALLY!!! HOW AWESOME!! Glad I made your night! RLB63 I actually feel sorry for you. How miserable your life must be for you to spend so much time on a site of a company you seem to hate so much. Cellphone companies aren’t making political statements. Seem way to smart for that. Don’t attack social issues. Attacking T-Mobile worth while to you and to spend so much time. You must not have anything better to do with your life. Eric Harlow I think you were supposed to reply back to J Gerard not me. I have been a T-mobile customer for over ten years and I am happy to be a T-mobile customer. Haze1nut English is a 3rd language for me, behind French and Portuguese. Correct my grammar for me, will you. It obviously makes you feel superior. Ascertion You think everyone that switches to T-Mobile can’t “Make calls half of the time”? You’re out of your mind! Tony Chen agreed, t mobile has gained millions of customers each quarter. if the drop calls were so bad why would t mobile gain 100% of new customers agaIN? another blockbuster quarter by t mobile. moonoverparma Funny, I’ve never had a problem. Nobody Special Several years ago i had a verizon phone (when the iphone’s came out they were the only one that were selling them with unlimited data at that time) and i had T-Mobile flip phone that i was using to make international calls. I have to admit, Verizon was more reliable than T-Mobile during my cell phone usage. I chose T-mobile over Verizon because of many reasons…. but it was never due to their coverage, because their coverage was horrible… but since then their coverage has improved. But i switched primarily due to the inexpensive international calls. That was a deal breaker for me, i was content with the terrible coverage with anticipation that they would improve their service. and with Verizon i was paying around $89 dollars for unlimited data and text and 450 minutes of voice calls. my tmobile line (from what i can remember) was around $78 dollars for unlimited talk and text and data. But fastforward to today, I have 5 Unlimited Everything (data/text/voice) lines with unlimited international calling (mobile+landlines) and international text for a low cost of $110 plus taxes and fees. Believe me i checked, Verizon or AT&T have nothing in comparison to what i have with T-Mobile. And i am not bashing you or Verizon at all, Verizon does have a more reliable coverage area but in the end i sided with T-Mobile over Verizon. If Verizon ever came up with incredible deals like T-Mobile has been doing almost every month i wouldnt turn down a great opportunity. RECAP: Verizon “Better Coverage” T-Mobile “Better Prices” It all boils down to what are you comfortable with. Im comfortable with crappy coverage. And My T-Mobile calls do drop often, but what i do is (i press redial) GOTCHA :) Gust OK so here’s the deal. In the morning when you wake up if you have T-Mobile you have to get up take a shower have breakfast shave go outside of your house in other to make a phone call. If you have AT&T or Verizon in the morning when you wake up you can reach for your cell phone and make a phone call. It is that simple. But you know what I have T-Mobile because over one year it saves me about $200 as compared to AT&T or Verizon. So I put up with the crap! Timothy Poplaski T-Mobile supports WiFi calling. You don’t have home WiFi? DM725 How do you not have wifi calling enabled? Maybe you need to buy a phone from the last 2 years… (My Motorola Nexus 6 Supported Wifi Calling….) RLB63 They have equipment they they will ship out for free with a deposit that will boost their signal on your house if you don’t have Wi-Fi calling. My phone automatically switches on Wi-Fi when I get home. Not for signal or to save data. It’s because with all the talk that cell signals MIGHT cause cancer why risk it? It is able to enable Wi-Fi, and it disables it when I leave the house. So that might be an option if you have Wi-Fi…. Phone Guy All lies. So funny, yet sad. yankeesusa LOL, not everyone lives where you live and have bad coverage with tmobile. 4 years ago i would have never used tmobile, now i no longer have sprint and got rid of my verizon line because tmobile is great for me where i live and work. I just recently drove across florida,georgia,nc and tennesse and had no issues. I was able to test it side by side with an att phone and the whole time both phones had coverage except up in the smokies near newfound gap where no one has signal. Don’t lump everyone in the same pile just because it doesn’t work for you. DM725 LoL, where the hell do you live? eanfoso The only one after verizon is at&t because we know that sprint and us cellular sucks more than t mobile Andrew Singleton T-Mobile has the lowest churn rate (people trying it and leaving) of all carriers. Could you please explain why? J Gerard Ha! Oh, I promise you I don’t feel like an idiot surrounded by people who work themselves up into a breathless rant trying to defend a crappy service. gmo8492 Crappy for who exactly, churn has gone down to record lows and T-Mobile has over 73 million subs, so if it doesn’t work out you can switch. Brad C It’s not for everyone, but has worked damn well for me for 12yrs.. I *actually* tried Verizon a few months ago, and came back after two weeks after awful LTE performance JG You’re cracking me up reading your comments! I have TMo and put up with their spotty coverage because I’m paying less per month staying with them. I can admit that. There is alot I enjoy about TMo, but dropped calls and dead zones IS a reality. I have a band 12 phone in metro PHX. Not sure why others feel the need to berail someone who doesn’t agree with them just for argument’s sake. Timothy Poplaski Because you aren’t saying, “Bad coverage in PHX”, you’re saying “Bad coverage”. I can drive for at least an hour in any direction and have solid coverage. It all depends on where you live, and you’re phone. Even phones with band 12 won’t all have the same results because some phones get better reception than others. So, I won’t even argue about coverage in PHX. Never been there, likely never will, so it just doesn’t matter to me. My excellent coverage probably doesn’t matter to you. It’s all about where you use your phone. navi harriram Dude you could of tested the network out on a $10 weekly plan or $3 daily. You don’t buy cell phone service every day so do the work. The sales rep just wants a commission check so they’ll say anything to get you to switch. That’s why I don’t work for wireless companies anymore. Too much bull to deal with yankeesusa Not everyone is defending a company that may or may not work depending on where you live. But many people actually do research and pick a company that specifically works for your needs depending on your area. I had verizon and sprint before tmobile and i have never ever gotten the speeds i get now not to mention i have great coverage ‘WHERE I LIVE”, YOU SEE, that’s the important thing, i researched and made sure it worked for me. I don’t just blindly select a company just because their commercial says so. Screamin That’s strange because T-Mobile has been #1 in customer service AND satisfaction for well over 2 years now… and yes, that includes coverage. ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) I am thinking about switching to Verizon due to poor coverage. In San Diego area I get one to bars. I moved from Minnesota and T-mobile coverage in MN is excellent there with all bars. In San Diego it’s very poor in some areas. When iPhone 8 is release I am switching to Verizon. I love T-mobile plans but coverage in my area is poor. Sharti24 Agreed. On base (32nd street) forget about tmobile coverage. sprint excels on 32nd. go over to corando island its even worse! just throw your phone over board. no tmobile coverage on the air base at all. im using an iphone 6s Band 12 which is deployed in SD yankeesusa I agree, if in your area tmobile is not good and is affecting productivity or just not letting you use your phone to its fullest your’e better off changing. I have great coverage where I live and work and when i travel over 99% of the time i have no issues. But i got my wife on cricket which is att so for the times where tmobile may not get signal i have the att towers just in case. I’m on an old grandfathered single line plan that allows work discount so i’m keeping as long as i can. Screamin Sometimes it’s not always the cell coverage causing the issue, but the phone itself, especially if it’s an older device that supports fewer cell bands. With T-Mobile’s latest acquirement of spectrum you can expect a huge improvement in cell signal, both in range and structure penetration, within the year. Of course you can switch if you want, but they’re only going to get better. They’ve more than doubled the coverage in the past 2 years and have just as much coverage as Verizon with a network that’s actually futureproof unlike the other guys. DM725 Agreed, I know people that don’t realize they are using a phone without band 12, that doesn’t have wifi calling or Volte support, and has an extremely weak antenna. ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) My phone is iPhone 7 and not an old device: Andrew Singleton if you hold an iphone 7 next to a galaxy s8, the s8 will have more bars every time. that’s due to a more powerful signal on galaxies and the fact that bars don’t mean anything with low-frequency spectrum. ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) My roommate is on T-mobile and his current phone is galaxy s8. We experience the same issue. RLB63 Have you talked to T-Mobile C.S.? If they get people complaining about certain areas they tend to look into those areas. Is it outside or inside or both where you have problems? Inside out could be the building. They can seems you a device to boost the signal for your phone. Patel Nisha You couldn’t pay me to use a iPhone . And why would I switch Verizon to T-unmobile. So I can have a sub par data connection with hardly any coverage…. Andrew Why are you on TmoNews, then? Andrew Addison Lol I was just thinking the exact same thing. Lol DM725 I’m sorry you live in a place that T-Mobile doesn’t prioritize. Here in NY, we have no such issues. Andrew Singleton the offer is also good for pixels, and you don’t know anything about the network. in 1 year, verizon will wish it had t-mobile’s network. browne81 I cavy take this anymore. There is always someone in these forums going miss information. I have to speak up. As awhole some networks are better than others. I’m not going to get into my opinion on which is better nation wide. What I will say is this. The best carrier is the one that works where you frequent the most. No matter what carrier a person loves there is another person out there that thinks it terrible. So all these people saying bad things about T-Mobile should get the facts straight. Lastly I due example I don’t like sprint but I know there are people that have a great time with them. You don’t see me on a sprint site saying how bad they are. Is my spelling perfect no. Is my grammar perfect no. It’s this a college paper? No. So I really don’t care. AJ2 still waiting for them to do a $50 deal for single customers. browne81 They have a prepaid plan for 45 Sharti24 4 for $100 sounds better Line 1 $50 Line 2 $75 Line 3 $90 Line 4 $100 John De Leon I have Verizon and would switch IF T-Mo had better in-building coverage. Several of my fellow employee friends have T-Mo and they have horrible coverage in our work locations. They have to step outside to recieve/make calls. Chris Siegell I don’t see the Galaxy S8+ mentioned? You would think that this phone would be “globally compatible” for the switch? Ming Chang Chuang did they say how long to keep the T-Mo’s Premium Device Protection Plus insurance plan? Can i remove this coverage after 2 months? Select a phone: (optional) + - Any - 3G|4G U301 USB Modem Acer Aspire One Netbook Acer Liquid M220 Airave 2.5 Plus Alcatel 510A Alcatel 768 Alcatel 871A GoPhone Alcatel A392G Alcatel Fling Alcatel One Touch 991 Alcatel One Touch Evolve Alcatel OneTouch Conquest Alcatel OneTouch Elevate Alcatel OneTouch Evolve 2 ALCATEL ONETOUCH Fierce Alcatel OneTouch Fierce 2 Alcatel Onetouch Idol 3 (4.7") Alcatel Onetouch Idol 3 (5.5") Alcatel OneTouch Pop 7 Alcatel OneTouch Pop Icon Alcatel OneTouch Pop Mega Alcatel OneTouch Pop Star LTE Alcatel OneTouch Retro ALCATEL OneTouch Sonic LTE Alcatel Pop C9 Alcatel Pop D3 Alcatel Venture Amazon Fire Phone Anna Sui Mobile by Samsung Apple iPad 2 16GB Apple iPad 2 32GB Apple iPad 2 64GB Apple iPad Air Apple iPad Air 2 Apple iPad Mini Apple iPad mini 2 Apple iPad Mini 3 Apple iPad mini 4 Apple iPad mini with Retina Display Apple iPad Pro Apple iPad with Retina Display Apple iPhone 16 GB Apple iPhone 3G 16 GB Apple iPhone 3G 8 GB Apple iPhone 3G S 32 GB Apple iPhone 3GS Apple iPhone 4 Apple iPhone 4S Apple iPhone 5 Apple iPhone 5c Apple iPhone 5s Apple iPhone 6 Apple iPhone 6 Plus Apple iPhone 6s Apple iPhone 6s Plus ASUS MeMO Pad 7 LTE ASUS MeMO Pad FHD 10 LTE ASUS PadFone X mini ASUS ZenFone 2 ASUS ZenWatch 2 AT&T Avail 2 AT&T F160 AT&T Impulse 4G AT&T Mobile Hotspot Elevate 4G AT&T Mobile Hotspot MiFi 2372 AT&T Quickfire AT&T Radiant GoPhone AT&T Unite AT&T Unite Pro AT&T USBConnect 900 AT&T USBConnect Adrenaline AT&T USBConnect Force 4G AT&T USBConnect Mercury AT&T USBConnect Momentum 4G AT&T USBConnect Shockwave AT&T USBConnect Turbo AT&T USBConnect Velocity AT&T Z222 GoPhone AT&T Z331 AT&T Z998 GoPhone Audiovox CDM-8940 Audiovox PC5740 EVDO PC Card Audiovox VI600 Audiovox XV6600 Betsey Johnson Mobile by Samsung Big Button Flip Alcatel A392G BlackBerry 7130e BlackBerry 7250 BlackBerry 7290 BlackBerry 8703e BlackBerry 8820 BlackBerry Bold BlackBerry Bold 9650 BlackBerry Bold 9700 BlackBerry Bold 9780 BlackBerry Bold 9900 BlackBerry Bold 9930 BlackBerry Classic BlackBerry Curve 3G BlackBerry Curve 3G 9300 BlackBerry Curve 8320 BlackBerry Curve 8330 BlackBerry Curve 8350i BlackBerry Curve 8520 BlackBerry Curve 8530 BlackBerry Curve 8900 BlackBerry Curve 9310 BlackBerry Curve 9315 BlackBerry Curve 9330 BlackBerry Curve 9350 BlackBerry Curve 9360 BlackBerry Curve 9370 BlackBerry Leap BlackBerry Passport BlackBerry Pearl BlackBerry Pearl 3G BlackBerry Pearl 8110 BlackBerry Pearl 8120 BlackBerry Pearl 8130 BlackBerry Pearl Flip 8220 BlackBerry Pearl Flip 8230 BlackBerry Priv BlackBerry Q10 BlackBerry Storm BlackBerry Storm2 BlackBerry Style BlackBerry Torch 9800 BlackBerry Torch 9810 BlackBerry Torch 9850 BlackBerry Torch 9860 BlackBerry Tour BlackBerry Z10 BlackBerry Z30 Blackphone 2 BLU Advance 4.0 BLU Dash 5.0+ BLU Life View BLU Neo 4.5 BLU Studio 5.0 BLU Studio 5.0 C BLU Studio 5.0 II BLU Studio 5.0 II BLU Studio 5.0C BLU Studio 6.0 HD BLU Studio C Mini BLU Studio Energy BLU Studio Mini LTE BLU Studio Selfie LTE Boost MAX by ZTE Boost Warp 4G by ZTE Brigadier by Kyocera Casio EXILIM Casio G'zOne Boulder CASIO G'zONE Ravine 2 (Non-Camera) Casio GzOne Brigade Casio GzOne Commando Casio GzOne Ravine Casio GzOne Ravine 2 Casio GzOne Rock CAT B15Q CAT S40 Compaq Mini 110c-1048NR Coolpad Arise Coolpad Flo Coolpad Quattro 4G Dell Inspiron 14z Laptop Dell Inspiron Mini 10 with T-Mobile webConnect Dell Inspiron Mini 1012 Dell Streak 7 Diane Von Furstenberg Mobile by Samsung DROID 2 by Motorola DROID 2 Global by Motorola DROID 3 by Motorola DROID 4 by Motorola DROID BIONIC 4G by Motorola DROID by Motorola DROID CHARGE by Samsung Droid DNA by HTC DROID ERIS by HTC DROID INCREDIBLE 2 by HTC DROID Incredible 4G LTE by HTC DROID INCREDIBLE by HTC DROID Pro by Motorola DROID R2 D2 by Motorola DROID RAZR by Motorola DROID RAZR by Motorola 16GB DROID RAZR HD by Motorola DROID RAZR M by Motorola DROID RAZR MAXX by Motorola DROID RAZR MAXX HD by Motorola DROID Turbo DROID X by Motorola DROID X2 by Motorola Enact by LG Ericsson c905a Ericsson Equinox Ericsson TM506 Ericsson Vivaz Ericsson W350 Ericsson W518a Ericsson w760a Ericsson Z750a Firefly Fivespot Global Ready Franklin Wireless U680 USB Galaxy Nexus by Samsung Garmin Garminfone Garmin nuvifone G60 Gateway LT2016u Netbook Google Nexus 4 Google Nexus 5 Google Nexus 6 Google Nexus 9 Google Pixel C HP iPAQ Glisten HP Mini 110 Netbook HP Mini 110-1050NR HP Mini 1151NR Netbook HP Mini 210-1076NR Netbook HP Mini 311-1037NR Netbook HP Veer 4G HTC 8XT HTC Amaze HTC Aria HTC Arrive HTC Desire HTC Desire 510 HTC Desire 526 HTC Desire 610 HTC Desire 612 HTC Desire 626 HTC Desire 626s HTC Desire 816 HTC Desire 826 HTC Desire EYE HTC Droid DNA HTC EVO 3D HTC EVO 4G HTC EVO 4G LTE HTC EVO Design 4G HTC EVO Shift 4G HTC EVO View 4G HTC First HTC Freestyle HTC FUZE HTC HD 7 HTC HD2 HTC HD7S HTC Hero HTC Imagio HTC Inspire 4G HTC Jetstream HTC Merge HTC Mogul Pocket PC 6800 HTC One HTC One (E8) HTC One (M8) HTC One (M8) For Windows HTC One A9 HTC One M9 HTC One Max HTC One mini HTC One remix HTC One S HTC One SV HTC One V HTC One X HTC One X+ HTC Ozone HTC PPC6800 HTC Pure HTC Radar HTC Rezound HTC Rhyme HTC S621 Excalibur HTC S630 Cavalier HTC Sensation HTC Snap HTC Status HTC Surround HTC Thunderbolt HTC Tilt 2 HTC Titan HTC Titan II HTC Touch HTC Touch Diamond HTC Touch Pro HTC Touch Pro 2 HTC Trophy HTC Vivid HTC Wildfire S Huawei Activa 4G Huawei Ascend HUAWEI Ascend II Huawei Ascend Mate 2 Huawei Ascend Plus Huawei Ascend W1 Huawei Ascend Y Huawei EC168 Huawei Glory Huawei H210C Huawei H215G Huawei H866C Huawei Honor 6 Plus Huawei Inspira Huawei M735 Huawei M835 Huawei Mate S Huawei Nexus 6P Huawei P8 lite Huawei Pal Huawei Pinnacle Huawei Premia 4G Huawei SnapTo Huawei Summit Huawei U8651T Prism Huawei Union Huawei Valiant Huawei Verge Huawei Vitria Huawei Watch Jolla Tablet KIN One KIN Two Kyocera 126C Kyocera 323 Kyocera Brigadier Kyocera Brio Kyocera Coast Kyocera Contact Kyocera DuraCore Kyocera DuraForce Kyocera DuraMax Kyocera DuraPlus Kyocera DuraShock Kyocera DuraXT Kyocera DuraXV Kyocera E1000 Kyocera E1100 Neo Kyocera E2000 Kyocera Echo Kyocera Event Kyocera Hydro Kyocera Hydro Edge Kyocera Hydro Elite Kyocera Hydro Icon Kyocera Hydro Vibe Kyocera Hydro Wave Kyocera Hydro XTRM Kyocera K132 Kyocera Kona Kyocera Loft Kyocera Milano Kyocera Presto Kyocera Rise Kyocera SE47 Slider Kyocera Torino Kyocera Torque Kyocera TorqueXT Kyocera Verve LG 221C LG 101 LG 1500 LG 220C LG 231C LG 235C LG 236C LG 320G LG 400G LG 450 LG 500G LG 505C LG 511C LG 600G LG 620G LG 800G LG 900G LG A340 LG A380 LG Access LTE LG Accolade LG Ally LG Arena LG Aspire LG AX155 LG AX300 LG AX310 LG AX565 LG AX8600 LG Banter LG Beacon LG CF360 LG Chocolate 3 LG Chocolate Touch LG Chocolate VX8550 LG Chocolate White LG Clout LG Connect 4G LG Cosmos LG Cosmos 2 LG Cosmos 3 LG Cosmos Touch LG Dare LG Decoy LG dLite LG Doubleplay LG Enact LG Encore LG Enlighten LG enV Touch LG enV VX11000 LG enV VX9900 LG enV2 LG enV3 LG Escape LG Esteem LG Exalt LG eXpo LG Extravert LG Extravert 2 LG Fathom LG G Flex LG G Flex 2 LG G Pad 10.1 LTE LG G Pad 10.1 LTE LG G Pad 7.0 LTE LG G Pad 7.0 LTE LG G Pad 8.3 LG G Pad F7.0 LG G Stylo LG G Vista LG G Vista 2 LG G2 LG G3 LG G3 Vigor LG G4 LG Glance LG Glimmer LG Google Nexus 4 LG GS170 LG GU295 LG INCITE LG Intuition LG Invision LG L35G SIM4 LG Lancet LG Leon LTE LG Lotus LG Lotus Elite LG Lucid 2 LG Lucid 3 LG Lucky LG LX150 LG LX160 LG LX290 LG LX350 LG LX370 LG LX400 LG LX550 LG Mach LG Marquee LG Migo LG Motion 4G LG Muziq LX570 LG Neon LG Neon II LG Nexus 5X LG Nitro HD LG Octane LG Optimus Black LG Optimus Dynamic LG Optimus Dynamic II LG Optimus Elite LG Optimus Exceed LG Optimus Exceed 2 LG Optimus Extreme LG Optimus F3 LG Optimus F3Q LG Optimus F6 LG Optimus F7 LG Optimus Fuel LG Optimus G LG Optimus G Pro LG Optimus L70 LG Optimus L9 LG Optimus L90 LG Optimus Logic LG Optimus M LG Optimus M+ LG Optimus Net LG Optimus One P500 LG Optimus Q LG Optimus S LG Optimus SHOWTIME LG Optimus T LG Optimus Ultimate LG Optimus Zip LG Optimus Zone LG Optimus Zone 2 LG Phoenix LG PM-225 LG Prime LG Quantum LG Realm LG Remarq LG Revere LG Revere 2 LG Revere 3 LG Revolution LG Rhythm LG Rumor LG Rumor 2 LG Rumor Reflex LG Rumor Reflex S LG Rumor Touch LG Scoop LG Sentio LG Shine CU720 LG Shine II LG Spirit 4G LG Sunrise LG Swift LG Thrill LG Transpyre LG Tribute LG Tribute 2 LG Tritan LG Ultimate 2 LG UX145 LG UX260 LG UX280 LG UX300 LG UX380 LG UX565 LG UX830 LG V10 LG Venice LG Versa LG VI-125 LG VI-5225 LG Viper LG VL600 4G USB Modem LG Volt LG Volt 2 LG Vortex LG Vu CU915 LG Vu CU920 LG Vu Plus LG VX3100 LG VX3300 LG VX3400 LG VX3450 LG VX3450L LG VX4400 LG VX4500 LG VX5200 LG VX5400 LG VX5500 LG VX7000 LG VX8000 LG VX8300 LG VX8350 LG VX8360 LG VX8600 LG VX9800 LG Watch Urbane LG Xenon LG Xpression LG Xpression 2 LG100C LG200C LG225 LG300G LG400G LG501C LG620G LG900G Lucid 3 by LG Lucid by LG Microsoft Lumia 535 Microsoft Lumia 550 Microsoft Lumia 640 Microsoft Lumia 640 XL Microsoft Lumia 950 Microsoft Lumia 950 XL MiFi 2200 Mobile Hotspot MiFi 3G/4G Mobile Hotspot MiFi 500 LTE by Novatel Wireless Moto 360 (2nd Gen) 42mm Moto 360 (2nd Gen) 46mm Moto 360 Sport Motorola 408 Motorola A1200 Ming Motorola A630 Motorola ACTV Motorola Admiral Motorola Adventure V750 Motorola Atrix 2 Motorola Atrix 4G Motorola Atrix HD Motorola Backflip Motorola Bali Motorola Barrage Motorola Bravo Motorola Brute i680 Motorola Brute i686 Motorola Buzz ic502 Motorola C139 Motorola C168i Motorola Charm Motorola Citrus Motorola CLIQ Motorola CLIQ 2 Motorola CLIQ XT Motorola Clutch i465 Motorola Clutch i475 Motorola Debut i856 Motorola Defy Motorola Defy XT Motorola Devour Motorola Droid Bionic Motorola DROID MAXX Motorola DROID Maxx 2 Motorola DROID Mini Motorola DROID Turbo 2 Motorola DROID Ultra Motorola Droid XYBoard 10.1 Motorola Droid XYBoard 8.2 Motorola E815 Motorola EM326g Motorola EM330 Motorola Entice Motorola Evoke Motorola EX124G Motorola EX431G Motorola Flipout Motorola Flipside Motorola Gallo i296 Motorola Hint Motorola Hint QA30 Motorola i1 Motorola i412 Motorola i530b Motorola i530y Motorola i570 Motorola i576 Motorola i605 Motorola i710 Motorola i776 Motorola i830 Motorola i880 Motorola i886 Motorola i890 Motorola Karma QA1 Motorola Krave ZN4 Motorola KRZR K1 Motorola KRZR K1m Motorola L2 Motorola L6 Motorola Luge Motorola Moto E (1st Gen) Motorola Moto E (2nd Gen) Motorola Moto G Motorola Moto G (3rd Gen) Motorola Moto X Motorola Moto X (2014) Motorola Moto X Play Motorola Moto X Style (Pure Edition) Motorola MOTORAZR maxx Ve Motorola MOTORAZR VE20 Motorola PEBL Motorola PHOTON 4G Motorola Photon Q Motorola Q9 Global Motorola Q9c Motorola Q9m Motorola Rambler Motorola Rapture VU30 Motorola RAZR V3 Motorola RAZR V3 Dolce & Gabbana Motorola RAZR V3c Motorola RAZR V3c Motorola RAZR V3i/ V3t/ V3r Motorola RAZR V3m Motorola RAZR V3xx Motorola RAZR2 V9m Motorola Renegade V950 Motorola Renew Motorola Rival Motorola RIZR Z3 Motorola RIZR Z6c Motorola ROKR Motorola ROKR E8 Motorola ROKR U9 Motorola ROKR Z6 Motorola SLVR L7c Motorola Stature i9 Motorola T722i Motorola Theory Motorola Titanium Motorola Triumph Motorola Tundra Motorola V120e Motorola V171 Motorola V180 Motorola V190 Motorola V195 Motorola V220 Motorola V235 Motorola V260 Motorola V325 Motorola V360 Motorola V551 Motorola V600 Motorola V60s Motorola V710 Motorola VE465 Motorola VU204 Motorola W315 Motorola W375g Motorola W380 Motorola W385 Motorola W408g Motorola W409G Motorola W418G Motorola W490 Motorola W755 Motorola XOOM Motorola XOOM 4G LTE Motorola XPRT Motorola Z9 Motorola Zine ZN5 myTouch 4G NEC Terrain Netgear 341U USB Modem Netgear Mingle Mobile Hotspot Netgear Zing Nexbit Robin Nexus S 4G Nexus S from Google Nokia 1208 Nokia 1600 Nokia 1616 Nokia 1661 Nokia 1680 Nokia 2320 Nokia 2330 Nokia 2600 Nokia 2605 Mirage Nokia 2610 Nokia 2630 Nokia 2660 Nokia 2680 Nokia 2720 Nokia 2760 Nokia 3220 Nokia 3555 Nokia 3588i Nokia 3660 Nokia 3711 Nokia 5130 Nokia 5230 Nuron Nokia 5310 XpressMusic Nokia 5610 Nokia 6010 Nokia 6015i Nokia 6030 Nokia 6085 Nokia 6101 Nokia 6102i Nokia 6133 Nokia 6165i Nokia 6205 Nokia 6215i Nokia 6236i Nokia 6263 Nokia 6301 Nokia 6315i Nokia 6350 Nokia 6555 Nokia 6650 Nokia 6800 Nokia 7205 Intrigue Nokia 7510 Nokia 7705 Twist Nokia Astound Nokia C3 Nokia E71 Nokia E71x Nokia E73 Mode Nokia Lumia 1020 Nokia Lumia 1520 Nokia Lumia 2520 Nokia Lumia 520 Nokia Lumia 521 Nokia Lumia 530 Nokia Lumia 625 Nokia Lumia 635 Nokia Lumia 710 Nokia Lumia 810 Nokia Lumia 820 Nokia Lumia 822 Nokia Lumia 830 Nokia Lumia 900 Nokia Lumia 920 Nokia Lumia 925 Nokia Lumia 928 Nokia Lumia Icon Nokia Mural Nokia N1 Nokia N73 Nokia N75 Nokia N95 8GB Nokia NGage Nokia Surge Nokia Twist 7705 Nokia VI-3155 Nokia X2 Novatel EX720 ExpressCard Novatel Merlin C777 Novatel Merlin S620 Novatel MiFi 2200 Novatel MiFi 5580 Novatel Ovation U727 Novatel Ovation U760 Novatel PC770 PCmCIA Novatel S720 Novatel U760 Novatel USB1000 Global Modem Novatel V620 EVDO PC Card Novatel V640 PC/Mac USB Broadband Card Novatel V740 PC/Mac Wireless Broadband Card OnePlus 2 OnePlus One OnePlus X Option Quicksilver USB Modem Overdrive 3G 4G Mobile Hotspot Overdrive Pro 3G/4G Hotspot Palm Centro Palm M500 Palm Pixi Palm Pixi Plus Palm Pre Palm Pre 2 Palm Pre Plus Palm Pro Palm Pro Palm Treo 650 Palm Treo 700p Palm Treo 700w Palm Treo 700wx Palm Treo 755p Palm Treo 800w Palm Treo Pro Pantech Breakout Pantech Breeze Pantech Breeze II Pantech Breeze III Pantech Burst Pantech C120 Pantech C300 Pantech C3b Pantech C610 Pantech Caper Pantech Crossover Pantech Crux Pantech Ease Pantech Hotshot Pantech Impact Pantech Jest 2 Pantech Laser Pantech Link Pantech Link II Pantech Marauder Pantech Matrix Pantech Matrix Pro Pantech Perception Pantech PN-820 Pantech Pocket Pantech Pursuit Pantech Pursuit II Pantech Renue Pantech Reveal Pantech Slate Pantech Swift Pantech UML290 4G USB Modem Pantech UML295 LTE USB Modem PCD Chaser Phone Connect 3 Plum Might Z513 Que 4.5 Que 5.0 REEF RIM BlackBerry 6710 RIM BlackBerry 7100t RIM BlackBerry 7105t RIM BlackBerry 7130e RIM BlackBerry 7230 RIM BlackBerry 8700g Rugged CAT S50 S275G Samsung 4G Mobile Hotspot LC11 Samsung A107 Samsung A117 Samsung A127 Samsung A137 Samsung A167 Samsung A187 Samsung A197 Samsung A237 Samsung A580 Samsung A630 Samsung A637 Samsung A650 Samsung A670 Samsung A777 Samsung A870 Samsung A890 Samsung A930 Samsung A950 Samsung A970 Samsung A990 Samsung Access Samsung Ace i325 Samsung Admire Samsung Alias 2 Samsung Array Samsung ATIV Odyssey Samsung ATIV S Neo Samsung ATIV SE Samsung Beat Samsung Behold Samsung Behold II Samsung BlackJack i607 Samsung BlackJack II i617 Samsung Brightside Samsung Captivate Samsung Captivate Glide Samsung Comeback Samsung Conquer 4G Samsung Continuum Samsung Contour 2 Samsung Convoy Samsung Convoy 2 Samsung Convoy 3 Samsung Craft Samsung D415 Samsung D900 Samsung Dart Samsung Delve Samsung DoubleTime Samsung E105 Samsung E315 Samsung E335 Samsung E635 Samsung E715 Samsung Entro Samsung Epic Samsung Epix Samsung Eternity Samsung Eternity II Samsung Evergreen Samsung Exclaim Samsung Exhibit 4G Samsung Exhibit II 4G Samsung Factor Samsung Fascinate Samsung Flight Samsung Flight II Samsung FlipShot SCH-U900 Samsung Focus Samsung Focus 2 Samsung Focus Flash Samsung Focus S Samsung Freeform Samsung Freeform II Samsung Freeform III Samsung Freeform M Samsung Galaxy Ace Samsung Galaxy Ace 4 LTE Samsung Galaxy Ace Style Samsung Galaxy Admire 4G Samsung Galaxy Alpha Samsung Galaxy Appeal Samsung Galaxy Attain 4G Samsung Galaxy Avant Samsung Galaxy Centura Samsung Galaxy Core Prime Samsung Galaxy Discover Samsung Galaxy Exhibit Samsung Galaxy Exhilarate Samsung Galaxy Express GoPhone Samsung Galaxy Grand Prime Samsung Galaxy Indulge Samsung Galaxy J1 LTE Samsung Galaxy Light Samsung Galaxy Mega 2 Samsung Galaxy Mega 6.3 Samsung Galaxy Note Samsung Galaxy Note 10.1 Samsung Galaxy Note 3 Samsung Galaxy Note 4 Samsung Galaxy Note 5 Samsung Galaxy Note Edge Samsung Galaxy Note II Samsung Galaxy Note Pro Samsung Galaxy Precedent Samsung Galaxy Prevail Samsung Galaxy Prevail 2 Samsung Galaxy Proclaim Samsung Galaxy Reverb Samsung Galaxy Ring Samsung Galaxy Rugby Pro Samsung Galaxy Rush Samsung Galaxy S 4 zoom Samsung Galaxy S 4G Samsung Galaxy S Blaze Samsung Galaxy S II Samsung Galaxy S II Skyrocket Samsung Galaxy S III Samsung Galaxy S III Mini Samsung Galaxy S Lightray 4G Samsung Galaxy S Relay 4G Samsung Galaxy S4 Samsung Galaxy S4 Active Samsung Galaxy S4 Mini Samsung Galaxy S5 Samsung Galaxy S5 Active Samsung Galaxy S5 mini Samsung Galaxy S5 Sport Samsung Galaxy S6 Samsung Galaxy S6 Active Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge Samsung Galaxy S6 edge+ Samsung Galaxy Stardust Samsung Galaxy Stellar Samsung Galaxy Stratosphere II Samsung Galaxy Tab Samsung Galaxy Tab 2 Samsung Galaxy Tab 3 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 10.1 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 8.0 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4G - 16GB Samsung Galaxy Tab 4G - 32GB Samsung Galaxy Tab S Samsung Galaxy Tab S 10.5 Samsung Galaxy Tab S 10.5 Samsung Galaxy Tab S 8.4 Samsung Galaxy Tab S2 9.7 Samsung Galaxy Victory 4G LTE Samsung Galaxy View Samsung Gear 2 Samsung Gear S2 Samsung Gleam U700 Samsung Glyde Samsung GO Netbook Samsung Gravity Samsung Gravity 2 Samsung Gravity 3 Samsung Gravity Q Samsung Gravity SMART Samsung Gravity T Samsung Gravity TXT Samsung Gusto Samsung Gusto 2 Samsung Gusto 3 Samsung Haven Samsung Highlight Samsung Highnote Samsung Hue II Samsung Illusion Samsung Impression Samsung Infuse 4G Samsung Instinct Samsung Instinct HD Samsung Instinct S30 Samsung Intensity Samsung Intensity II Samsung Intensity III Samsung Intercept Samsung Intrepid Samsung IP-830 Samsung IP-A790 Samsung Jack Samsung Juke U470 Samsung Katalyst T739 Samsung Knack U310 Samsung M220 Samsung M240 Samsung M300 Samsung M320 Samsung M330 Samsung M360 Samsung M370 Samsung M400 Samsung M500 Samsung M510 Samsung M520 Samsung M610 Samsung Magnet Samsung Matrix Samsung Memoir Samsung MM-A920 Samsung Moment Samsung Muse Samsung MyShot Samsung Mysto Samsung Mythic Samsung Omnia Samsung Omnia II Samsung PM-A740 Samsung Precedent Samsung Propel Samsung Propel Pro Samsung R225m Samsung R335C Samsung R375C Samsung R451C Samsung R455C Samsung R610 Samsung Rant Samsung Reality Samsung Reclaim Samsung Renown Samsung Replenish Samsung Restore Samsung Rogue Samsung Rugby Samsung Rugby 4 Samsung Rugby II Samsung Rugby Smart Samsung S275G Samsung S380C Samsung S390G Samsung S425G Samsung Saga Samsung SCH-i600 Samsung SCH-i730 Samsung SCH-U340 Samsung SCH-U540 Samsung SCH-U620 Samsung SCH-U740 Samsung Seek Samsung SGH-T199 Samsung Smiley Samsung Smooth Samsung Solstice Samsung Solstice II Samsung SP-i600 Samsung Spex r210 Samsung SPH-i700 Samsung Stratosphere Samsung Stripe T329 Samsung Strive Samsung Sunburst Samsung Sway Samsung T109 Samsung T119 Samsung T139 Samsung T159 Samsung T201G Samsung T209 Samsung T219 Samsung T229 Samsung T239 Samsung T249 Samsung t259 Samsung T309 Samsung T319 Samsung T339 Samsung T349 Samsung T369 Samsung T401G Samsung T404G Samsung T439 Samsung T509 Samsung T519 Trace Samsung T528G Samsung T609 Samsung T619 Samsung T629 Samsung T639 Samsung t659 Samsung T719 Samsung T809 Samsung T819 Samsung Trance Samsung Transform Samsung Transform Ultra Samsung Trender Samsung U430 Samsung U450 Samsung U550 Samsung Upstage M620 Samsung VI660 Samsung Vibrant Samsung X427M Samsung X495 Samsung Z400 Samsung Z700 Samsung Zeal Sanyo 7050 Sanyo 8400 Sanyo Incognito Sanyo Innuendo Sanyo Innuendo by Kyocera Sanyo Katana Sanyo Katana DLX Sanyo Katana Eclipse Sanyo Katana Eclipse X Sanyo Katana II Sanyo Katana LX Sanyo M1 Sanyo MM-8300 Sanyo PRO-200 Sanyo PRO-700 Sanyo S1 Sanyo SCP-2400 Sanyo SCP-2700 Sanyo SCP-3100 Sanyo SCP-3200 Sanyo SCP-3810 Sanyo Taho by Kyocera Sanyo Vero by Kyocera Sanyo Zio Saygus V2 Sharp Aquos Crystal Sharp FX Sharp FX PLUS Siemens CF62T Sierra 598 USB Modem Sierra USB Lightning 305 Sierra Wireless 4G LTE Tri-Fi Hotspot Sierra Wireless AC595 PCMCIA Wireless Card Sierra Wireless AC595U USB PC/Mac Card Sierra Wireless AC597 ExpressCard PC/Mac Card Sierra Wireless AirCard 402 Sierra Wireless Compass 597 USB Modem SKY 4.0 Sky 5.0L Sonim XP STRIKE Sonim XP6 Sony C1904 Xperia M Sony Ericsson Equinox Sony Ericsson GC79 Cellular and WiFi PC Card Sony Ericsson GC89 PCMCIA PC Cell WiFi Card Sony Ericsson J220a Sony Ericsson K550 Sony Ericsson T290a Sony Ericsson T610 Sony Ericsson TM506 Sony Ericsson W580i Sony Ericsson W810i Sony Ericsson Xperia PLAY Sony Ericsson Z300 Sony Ericsson Z310a Sony Ericsson Z750a Sony Ericsson Z780 Sony Xperia E3 Sony Xperia E4 Sony Xperia M Sony Xperia M4 Aqua Sony Xperia PLAY 4G Sony Xperia T3 LTE Sony Xperia X10 Sony Xperia Z Sony Xperia Z1S Sony Xperia Z2 Sony Xperia Z3 Sony Xperia Z3 Compact Sony Xperia Z3+ Sony Xperia Z3v Sony Xperia Z4 Sony Xperia Z4 Tablet Sony Xperia Z4v Sony Xperia Z5 Sony Xperia Z5 Compact Sony Xperia Z5 Premium Spectrum 2 by LG Spectrum by LG Sprint 3G 4G U600 USB Modem Sprint 3G/4G Plug-in Connect USB Sprint 3G|4G USB 250U Sprint Flash Sprint Force Sprint LivePro Sprint Phone Connect 2 Sprint Plug-in-Connect Trimode Sprint Pocket WiFi Sprint PPC 6700 Sprint Vital Sprint WeGo T-Mobile 4G LTE HotSpot Z915 T-Mobile 4G Mobile Hotspot T-Mobile 665 T-Mobile 768 T-Mobile Comet T-Mobile Concord T-Mobile Concord II T-Mobile Dash T-Mobile Dash 3G T-Mobile G-Slate with Google T-Mobile G1 T-Mobile G2 T-Mobile G2x T-Mobile Jet 2.0 4G Stick T-Mobile MDA T-Mobile myTouch T-Mobile myTouch 3G T-Mobile myTouch 3G Slide T-Mobile myTouch 4G T-Mobile myTouch 4G Slide T-Mobile myTouch by LG T-Mobile myTouch Q T-Mobile myTouch Q by LG T-Mobile Prism T-Mobile Prism II T-Mobile Rocket 3.0 4G Laptop T-Mobile SDA T-Mobile Shadow T-Mobile Sidekick T-Mobile Sidekick 3 T-Mobile Sidekick 4G T-Mobile Sidekick iD T-Mobile Sidekick II T-Mobile Sidekick LX T-Mobile Sidekick Slide T-Mobile Sonic 4G T-Mobile Sparq T-Mobile Sparq II T-Mobile Tap T-Mobile webConnect Jet USB T-Mobile webConnect USB T-Mobile Wing Turing Phone UNIMAX MAXBravo Unimax MXE-675 UT Starcom PC-5740 UTStarcom Blitz UTStarcom CDM-8945 UTStarcom CDM-8975 UTStarcom Coupe UTStarcom PC5750 PCMCIA PC Broadband Card UTStarcom SMT5800 UTStarcom UM150 USB Modem UTStarcom UM175 USB UTStarcom XV6800 Pocket PC Verizon 4G LTE Broadband Router with Voice Verizon 4G LTE MiFi 4510L Verizon 4G LTE USB Modem 551L Verizon 4G LTE USB Modem UML295 Verizon AD3700 Global USB Verizon Adamant Verizon Blitz Verizon CDM8950 Verizon CDM8975 Verizon Ellipsis 8 Verizon Ellipsis Jetpack MHS800L Verizon Escapade Verizon GzOne Boulder Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot - MiFi 4620L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot - MiFi 5510L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot - MiFi MHS291L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot 890L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot MHS291L Verizon Jetpack MiFi 4620LE 4G LTE Verizon Jetpack MiFi 5510L 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot Verizon Jetpack MiFi 6620L Verizon Razzle Verizon SMT5800 Verizon UM175 USB Data Modem Verizon UMW190 Global USB Verizon USB760 Modem Verizon VX6900 Verizon Wireless Fivespot Global Ready 3G Mobile Hotspot Verizon Wireless Home Phone Connect Verizon Wireless Salute Verizon Wireless Turbine 7.0 Verizon Wireless USB551L Virgin Mobile Awe webConnect Rocket HSPA+ Windows Phone 8S Windows Phone 8X Xperia ion by Sony YotaPhone 2 ZTE Anthem 4G ZTE Aspect ZTE Avid 4G ZTE Axon Pro ZTE Boost Max+ ZTE Compel ZTE Concord II ZTE Force ZTE Fury ZTE Grand S3 ZTE Grand X Max+ ZTE Illustra ZTE Majesty ZTE Maven ZTE Merit ZTE Midnight ZTE Nubia 5S Mini ZTE Optik ZTE Overture 2 ZTE Prestige ZTE Quartz ZTE Rapido LTE ZTE Savvy ZTE Score M ZTE Solar ZTE Speed ZTE Supreme ZTE Unico LTE ZTE Valet ZTE Vital ZTE Warp ZTE Warp Elite ZTE Warp Sequent ZTE Warp Sync ZTE Whirl ZTE Z432 ZTE Z667 ZTE Zephyr ZTE Zinger ZTE ZMAX ZTE ZMAX 2 AT&T GoPhone $30 Monthly Plan for Smartphones AT&T GoPhone $40 Monthly Plan for Smartphones AT&T GoPhone $45 Smartphone Monthly Plan with Data AT&T GoPhone $60 Smartphone Monthly Plan with Data AT&T Mobile Share 10GB AT&T Mobile Share 15GB AT&T Mobile Share 1GB AT&T Mobile Share 20GB AT&T Mobile Share 2GB AT&T Mobile Share 300MB AT&T Mobile Share 40GB AT&T Mobile Share 4GB AT&T Mobile Share 50GB AT&T Mobile Share 6GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 10GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 15GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 1GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 20GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 25GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 2GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 300MB AT&T Mobile Share Value 30GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 3GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 40GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 50GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 5GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 60GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 6GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 7GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 8GB Boost Mobile BlackBerry Monthly Unlimited Boost Mobile Data Boost Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited Plan with Shrinking Payments Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited Select Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited with Growing Data CREDO Mobile 10GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 15GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 1GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 2GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 3GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 4GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 6GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 8GB Shared Data Plan FreedomPop Unlimited Talk & Text 1GB FreedomPop Unlimited Talk & Text 500MB GIV Mobile The 20 Plan GIV Mobile The 25 Plan GIV Mobile The 30 Plan GIV Mobile The 40 Plan GIV Mobile The 60 Plan MetroPCS $40 Unlimited Talk, Text and Data MetroPCS $50 Unlimited Talk, Text and Data MetroPCS $60 Unlimited Talk, Text and Data Net10 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data Net10 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data Family (2+ Lines) Republic Refund Plan with 0.5 GB Republic Refund Plan with 1 GB Republic Refund Plan with 2 GB Republic Refund Plan with 3 GB Republic Refund Plan with 4 GB Republic Refund Plan with 5 GB Republic Wireless $10 Plan Republic Wireless $25 Plan Republic Wireless $40 Plan Republic Wireless $5 Plan (WiFi Only) Republic Wireless Base Plan ROK Mobile Ultimate Unlimited Scratch Wireless Free Plan Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $1.99 Voice Pass Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $14.99 Voice Pass Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $6.99 Voice Pass Solavei Prepaid Unlimited Sprint $60 Unlimited Plan Sprint All-In Wireless Smartphone + Unlimited Sprint Family Share Pack 10GB Sprint Family Share Pack 12GB Sprint Family Share Pack 16GB Sprint Family Share Pack 1GB Sprint Family Share Pack 20GB Sprint Family Share Pack 2GB Sprint Family Share Pack 32GB Sprint Family Share Pack 40GB Sprint Family Share Pack 4GB Sprint Family Share Pack 60GB Sprint Family Share Pack 8GB Sprint Prepaid $60 Unlimited Talk, Text & Data Sprint Prepaid Unlimited Voice and Texting Sprint Simply Unlimited Plan for iPhone 6 & iPhone 6 Plus Sprint Unlimited My All-In Sprint Unlimited My Way Sprint Unlimited My Way Family Straight Talk All You Need Straight Talk Unlimited T-Mobile Simple Choice T-Mobile Simple Choice Family (Includes 2+ Lines) T-Mobile Simple Starter Plan T-Mobile Simply Prepaid T-Mobile Unlimited Talk and Text T-Mobile Unlimited Web and Text TextNow Wireless Grande Plan TextNow Wireless Quattro Plan TextNow Wireless Tall Plan TextNow Wireless Venti Plan The Verizon Plan - 100GB The Verizon Plan - 20GB The Verizon Plan - 25GB The Verizon Plan - 30GB The Verizon Plan - 40GB The Verizon Plan - 50GB The Verizon Plan - 60GB The Verizon Plan - 80GB The Verizon Plan - L The Verizon Plan - M The Verizon Plan - S The Verizon Plan - XL The Verizon Plan - XXL Ting L Plan Ting M Plan Ting S Plan Ting XL Plan TracFone 120 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan TracFone 200 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan TracFone 450 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan US Mobile 100 Mins Talk US Mobile 1000 Mins Talk US Mobile 2000 Mins Talk US Mobile 250 Mins Talk US Mobile 500 Mins Talk Verizon 100GB More Everything Verizon 10GB More Everything Verizon 14GB More Everything Verizon 15GB More Everything Verizon 16GB More Everything Verizon 20GB More Everything Verizon 2GB More Everything Verizon 30GB More Everything Verizon 40GB More Everything Verizon 4GB More Everything Verizon 500MB More Everything Verizon 50GB More Everything Verizon 60GB More Everything Verizon 80GB More Everything Verizon 8GB More Everything Verizon Prepaid Smartphone Plan Verizon Wireless Smartphone Single Line Plan Virgin Mobile payLo 1500 Talk & Text Virgin Mobile payLo 400 Minutes Virgin Mobile payLo Unlimited Talk & Text Virgin Mobile Unlimited + International + Extra Virgin Mobile Unlimited + More Data Virgin Mobile Unlimited Everything + International Number of Lines - Any - 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 Minutes Unlimited Messages: 500 Data Select the amount of total data you need for the entire plan. For example, if you need 2 lines with 1 GB of data each, you would select 2 GB of data with the data slider below. - Any -05KB50MB30MB100MB150MB200MB250MB300MB400MB500MB600MB700MB800MB900MB1GB1.5GB2GB2.5GB3GB4GB5GB6GB7GB8GB10GB12GB14GB15GB16GB18GB20GB25GB30GB32GB35GB40GB50GB60GB80GB100GB120GBUnlimited - Plans Home Phone Savings Home Phone Service Savings popular topics Android Data Featured News/Articles Rate plans Rumors Site announcements Software updates T-mobile Promotions Tablet Tips and Tricks Upcoming Phones Upcoming Services Windows Phone PhoneDog Samsung debuts Pirates of the Caribbean Galaxy S8 Google Photos can suggest photos for you to archive AT&T offering $10 DirecTV Now to Unlimited Choice customers LG Pay officially launches Verizon launching new prepaid plans on June 6th T-Mobile launching two iPhone deals today ZTE Nubia Z17 debuts with Snapdragon 835, up to 8GB of RAM Android And Me SUCCESS : automatic purge url cache SUCCESS : automatic purge url cache Google Photos gains ability to suggest Verizon will update its prepaid plans Google plans to block ads in Chrome TodaysiPhone Today is the last day to purchase Apple’s Australian banks officially denied right iPhone 7 will now be officially available iFixit teardown finds that new low-cost Apple Pay now launching in Taiwan with App Store approval now rejecting applications Apple released a number of security About PhoneDog PhoneDog is one of the largest and most popular interactive mobile news and reviews resource that attracts a community of more than 2.5 million unique visitors each month. The site may have a "cute" name, but it offers up serious editorial content and video reviews that users rely on to make important decisions about their next mobile purchases. PhoneDog Media Family PhoneDog - Cell phone news Android And Me - Google & Android TmoNews - The Unofficial T-Mobile Blog TodaysiPhone - iPhone News & Rumors Company About us In the press Advertising info Jobs & careers Terms of Use Privacy policy Popular Reviews Rumors Upcoming Phones Rate plans Research & Shop Buying guide Phone finder Compare plans Phone specials Long distance © 2001-2017 PhoneDog, LLC. Reproduction without explicit permission is prohibited. All rights reserved.
NEWS l l CHANNELS GamesBeat AI AR/VR Big Data Bots Business Cloud Dev Entrepreneur Esports Heartland Tech Marketing Media Mobile PC Gaming Security Social Transportation Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Advertise EVENTS l l VB EVENTS Upcoming Events GET INVOLVED Sponsor Speaker Media Partner Volunteer Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Advertise RESEARCH l l CATEGORIES Marketing Tech Mobile Gaming Miscellaneous LEARN MORE VB Top Ten Subscription Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Advertise ‹ NEWS › CHANNELS GamesBeat Esports AI Heartland Tech AR/VR Marketing Big Data Media Bots Mobile Business PC Gaming Cloud Security Dev Social Entrepreneur Transportation ‹ EVENTS › VB EVENTS Upcoming Events GET INVOLVED Sponsor Media Partner Speaker Volunteer ‹ RESEARCH › CATEGORIES Marketing Tech Gaming Mobile Miscellaneous LEARN MORE VB Top Ten Subscription ‹ VENTUREBEAT › About Advertise Careers Contact Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars GAMES Turtle Rock’s Steve Goldstein believes the console game industry lacks risk takers Dean Takahashi@deantak May 28, 2017 8:35 AM Above: Steve Goldstein, president of Turtle Rock Studios, at the Video Game Bar Association event in Los Angeles. Image Credit: VGBA I’ve formed a lot of opinions about the game industry over the years. And I recently got the chance to spout them in a conversation with Steve Goldstein, president of Turtle Rock Studios, the maker of the Evolve video game published by Take-Two Interactive’s 2K label in February 2015. At UCLA, we gave a talk before a group of game industry lawyers from the Video Game Bar Association. We were encouraged to talk about the whole industry’s trends, and we started by noting how conservative the console game industry has become, with huge budgets that are forcing publishers to be very careful when it comes to launching original games. Sequels rule, and that’s a sad reality. We also talked about the cycles that favor the creation of new kinds of games and platforms, as well as the cycles where big game companies either retrench or expand their investments in games. Joseph Olin, executive director of the Video Game Bar Association, peppered us with questions toward the end. Here’s an edited transcript of our conversation. Above: Dean Takahashi (left) of GamesBeat talks about the game industry with Steve Goldstein of Turtle Rock. Image Credit: VGBA Steve Goldstein: For the past four years now, I’ve been the president and general manager at Turtle Rock Studios. We’re an 80-person developer. Our latest console release was Evolve, which came out in 2015. Prior to that, we created Left 4 Dead, which was a big hit a while ago. Since that time, up until last year, we’ve been a one project studio. But starting in the tail end of 2016, we split the studio into two departments. One is focused on service-based games, and the other is focused on VR. GamesBeat: When you’re looking a few years out and you’re going to make one bet on one big game that will take you a few years to make, how do you plan that? How do you decide what to target, what the market will be like, what the audience wants? Goldstein: There isn’t an opportunity anymore, unfortunately, to try to guess what’s going to happen a few years out. The industry’s changed quite a bit when it comes to large-scale games. When you look at the console environment, that’s no longer a space for independent developers to work in. Our last game had an enormous budget, yet it’s competing with games that are internally developed by publishers, which have budgets that are anywhere from two to four times the amount that we spent. That’s a problem in a couple of ways. One, publishers don’t want to make bets on new IP given the cost of development. Two, if they are going to make a new IP for console, they’re probably going to do it internally, just because they feel they can control those costs better. How many new, successful franchises have been created with the latest generation of consoles? Bloodborne? GamesBeat: Nintendo’s Arms is coming soon. Goldstein: Well, Nintendo is a separate issue. Their games don’t cost as much as development on PlayStation and Xbox. GamesBeat: Horizon Zero Dawn. Goldstein: It’s not a franchise yet, but I agree. That’s two. How long have the consoles been out? 2013? That’s not a good sign, guys. When you look at the state of the industry, if we can only name a few new franchises for this console generation, I don’t see how they continue. Above: Aloy has guts in Horizon: Zero Dawn. Image Credit: Dean Takahashi GamesBeat: There’s a trap for the industry, though. There’s no better way to squeeze innovation out of games than to leave behind this tent-pole strategy. Justin Bailey of Fig just did a talk at our GamesBeat Summit. He pointed out that there used to be a tent-pole strategy, where you had a big flagship game to make all the money and pay for your bets on everything else. EA in 2008 had 60 games. Last year, it had eight — all of them big bets and none of them [were] really experimental. Goldstein: It doesn’t even have to be experimental. It’d just be nice if it was another IP, something that’s not going into the fifth or sixth iteration. Going back to what you asked earlier, how do we figure out what we want to do? We figure out what fun game we want to play, but we also look at the market and say, “Here’s a hole right here.” We start targeting that. But we don’t target boxed products anymore. We just won’t approach publishers with a concept where we say, “This’ll cost $60, and then, we’ll make another $50 worth of DLC.” It doesn’t make sense for us as a business to get into that space. There’s no benefit for an independent studio. It’s unfortunate. I love consoles. I like making cool stuff and pushing the envelope. But it doesn’t make good fiscal sense anymore. GamesBeat: There are still areas where there can be some innovation — like on the PC and mobile. Dead by Daylight is a brand new IP that came from Behaviour Interactive. It’s an online game about trying to escape from a serial killer. You have one killer and four victims. Goldstein: Sounds familiar [laughs]. It’s a great example, actually. We put out Evolve with a similar concept, four versus one, but it was an enormous experience in a $60 box. We look at how Dead by Daylight got picked up. It had a $20 price point, cost $7 million to develop, and it’s a much smarter move for doing that kind of innovative stuff. It’s a small ask for the user to embrace it, and it’s also a small ask when it comes to development. What I’ve seen in the market lately — the games business is more Dickensian than it’s ever been. It’s the worst of times for guys making big budget titles, but it’s the best of times for people who are able to put something out that cost them $5 million or less. What Justin’s doing is fantastic. I’ve also seen lately that the elusive “game fund” is starting to happen now. These funds are coalescing where they can put in [$1 million to] 2 million to see [if] an independent studio can develop something well. But when that happens, all those companies are going to be PC focused. Console will be an afterthought for them. 1 2 3 View All GB Latest News Sega is adding VR to its flagship arcade in Japan Pixar veteran creates AI tool for automating 2D animations View more
TrustedReviews Facebook Twitter Googleplus TVs & Audio Cameras Computing Mobile Home appliances Gaming Huawei Competitions GPS & Sat Nav Mobile Apps Mobile Phone Accessories Mobile Phones Tablets Wearables & Fitness Trending: Nintendo Switch OnePlus 5 iPhone 7 deals Galaxy S8 LG G6 iPhone 8 Home / News / Mobile Phone News / LG V30 to come with slide-out second display? LG V30 to come with slide-out second display? by Joe Roberts 28 May 2017 0 shares Read Comments Google revealed this month that LG will be releasing its next 'V' phone this year, and though we don't have a name for the phone yet, we expect it to be called the LG V30. Details are somewhat sparse at this point, but we do know the handset will be the next 'Daydream-ready' phone – meaning it'll work with Google's VR platform. It's also expected to run on the upcoming Android O operating system, but beyond that, there's no real concrete specs to go on. Related: LG G6 Happily, a few leaks have provided some possible feature insights, including this new one from trusted tipster Evan Blass, AKA @evleaks. The journalist took to Twitter to debut the following images which reveal the V30 could come with a secondary slide-out display. Blass does make sure to say he isn't sure the design shown in the above images reflects where the phone is currently, so it could be LG has changed its plans since the picture was produced. But, if the design has remaind the same as these mock-ups, it seems the V30 could come with a slide-out secondary display which would sit below the main screen. This screen looks as though it would be used to display a keyboard, search results, and other navigation controls – similar to Apple's Touch Bar on the latest MacBook Pro model. At this point, there's no way to know whether these images are an accurate representation of what LG will debut on the V30 when it actually launches. The phone is expected to arrive around Septemeber/October, but for now, all we know is it will be arriving in 2017, so stay tuned for more. Let us know what you make of the latest leak in the comments. 0 shares Read Comments Ryan McAllister May 29, 2017, 10:12 am It looks absolutely rediculous... Like a blackberry. Nobody will buy this. I'll stick with my V20, thanks. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Free Newsletter Get TrustedReviews' award-winning reviews, opinions and advice delivered to your inbox for free! By submitting your details, you'll also receive emails from Time Inc. UK, publisher of Trusted Reviews and other iconic brands about its goods and services, and those of its carefully selected third parties. Please tick here if you'd prefer not to hear about: Time Inc.'s goods & services, including all the latest news, great deals and offers Third party goods & services ⩔ Show More Terms & Conditions | Privacy & Cookies Policy More on Trusted Reviews More information - Sitemap| About us| Contact us| Advertise with us Facebook Twitter Googleplus Trusted Reviews is part of the Time Inc. (UK) Ltd Technology Network © Time Inc. (UK) Ltd 2003-2017, All rights reserved| Terms of use| Privacy Policy| Cookie Information Free Newsletter Get TrustedReviews' award-winning reviews and advice delivered to your inbox for free! By submitting your details, you'll also receive emails from Time Inc. UK, publisher of Trusted Reviews and other iconic brands about its goods and services, and those of its carefully selected third parties. Please tick here if you'd prefer not to hear about: Time Inc.'s goods & services, including all the latest news, great deals and offers Third party goods & services ⩔ Show More Terms & Conditions | Privacy & Cookies Policy
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us ... [Deal Alert] Several movies and TV episodes on Google Play are on sale for Memorial Day Ryne Hager Follow View All Posts 2017/05/27 6:37pm PDTMay 27, 2017 56 Plus 1 on G+ 132 Share on Facebook 48 Share on Twitter Total Shares236 Deals Google News If your Memorial Day weekend plans are being ruined by poor weather, Google has an offer for you. It recently tossed up a little holiday sale on movies and TV shows over on Google Play, including some deals that are over 50% off their regular prices. So if you can't go camping or throw that family barbecue because of rain, at least you and your loved ones can snuggle up inside while you binge watch The Wire. It'll be good for little Johnny's character. Among the better movie collections being offered are The Lord of the Rings Trilogy for $20, the Back to the Future Trilogy for $15, and "The Best of Tarantino" six-movie collection for $30. The latter includes one of my favorite cheesy horror movies, From Dusk Till Dawn. The TV selection has a lot of solid HBO shows — if you don't happen to have HBO Go — as well as the complete X-Files for $50, American Horror Story seasons 1-5 for $60 and the amazing Kung Fu series in its entirety for $30. For more family-oriented deals there are a ton of shows from Nickelodeon, as well as a small number of animated children's film collections. You know what? The outdoors are over-rated. Who would want to spend a weekend outside with their loving family when they could spend days forcing their children to appreciate their favorite childhood movies. Let's face it, in the long run, your kids will thank you. Source: Google Play (1, 2) Tags deal alert google play memorial day movies sale tv subscribe ... Previous Story Google for Jobs going live for some people ... Next Story [Deal Alert] $1 Google Play movie rental (ends July 7th) Trending 78 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 88 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 Comments me me still seem expensive for what they are... Devin Rodriguez ✓ʳᵃᵈ It's true. All movies should be free for everyone. No company should want to make money. me me didnt say should be free. Just said expensive for what they are. Older films.... and things I've already seen or don't want to see. Eric Braun Then don't buy, problem solved. me me Correct. So they get no money which is less than if they charged less for them to intersect the value. Patrick Smithopolis And all phones should be dirt cheap so the manufacturers don't make any money and their companies go under. Devin Rodriguez ✓ʳᵃᵈ And also high end. I want the newest Qualcomm Snapdragon, Gorilla Glass 5, a 4k 5.5" screen, 3000 mAh battery, IP97 waterproofing, and all for $100. That shouldn't be that hard, right? splus I bet this is your favorite movie - http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1679335/ (Trolls) Devin Rodriguez ✓ʳᵃᵈ That movie is amazing. Trust me, I know movies. I know the best movies, terrific movies. I have the best movies, but there is no better movie than Trolls. xyz My fav movie is You're a Cunt. ethd Ooooo, got 'im! Devin Rodriguez ✓ʳᵃᵈ My god, I've seen the light. You have quite thoroughly dashed my hopes and dreams. Matt Because X-Files and Back the Future are the latest and greatest movies and TV shows, right? Devin Rodriguez ✓ʳᵃᵈ Exactly. Greatest movies and shows of all time. Nothing can compare. Truly works of art. xyz Go fuck yourself. Or better, let a Hollywood producer do it....for a fee of course. Devin Rodriguez ✓ʳᵃᵈ Brutal. Savage. Rekt. -Matoro Zeliph- Yeah, these (old) digital movies are pretty expensive than the physical bundle dvds you find at Walmart. You would think that digital (old) movies would be cheaper than the physical disc! Daniellejbergeron Google is paying 97$ per hour! Work for few hours & have longer with friends and family! !dw174c: On tuesday I got a great new Land Rover Range Rover from having earned $8752 this last four weeks.. Its the most-financialy rewarding I've had.. Follow this link for more information !dw174c: ➽➽ ➽➽;➽➽ http://GoogleFinancialCashJobs464MarketFlightGetPaid$97/Hour... ★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫::::::!dw174c:....,..... Christopher Phillips I work from comfort of my house, by doing hassle-free projects that solely demands from you a Laptop and on-line connection and Now I am more successful than before... After half a year on this job opportunity and i obtained cash in total 36,000 dollars... Basically I make up close to eighty bucks/h and also work for three to four hrs every single day.And marvelous point about this work is usually that you can also supervise time whenever you do the job and for just how long as you may prefer and you generate a check week by week.>>>> learn by clicking here how to do it right now -Matoro Zeliph- Shut up 4Ui812 That's because they are. As for the jackals that are knocking your comment ; they fail to grasp the concept. Kristinatskaggs Google is paying 97$ per hour! Work for few hours & have longer with friends and family! !dq75c: On tuesday I got a great new Land Rover Range Rover from having earned $8752 this last four weeks.. Its the most-financialy rewarding I've had.. Follow this link for more information !dq75c: ➽➽ ➽➽;➽➽ http://GoogleFinancialCashJobs365DirectRockGetPaid$97/Hour... ★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫::::::!dq75c:....,....... Travis Simerly I think you made John Galt mad. Travis Simerly It's definitely too expensive for a movie that doesn't even have 5.1 sound. I had 5.1 when I watched The Fellowship on a CRT TV. Will you have to buy another digital copy again to get better than stereo? You definitely will have to purchase again for a 4K digital copy. lm_a_dope Seems expensive to me. Alex Louderback My seams in my shirt aren't very expensive, you must buy fancy seams Juniors234 i see what you did there... lm_a_dope Hey I was typing on a phone and fixed it in less than 10s, stop being a ass. FelschR an ass* Stephen B Morris I wish Google would let me pay the difference to upgrade to the UHD version. I also wish they would create a UHD section. Tai Ch Play verry helpful Follow Android Police 1.49M 472k 145k 119k Latest Deals 9 [Deal Alert] Chromecast Ultra is $59.99 ($10 off) at Google Store, Best Buy, B&H and others 2017/06/04 12:16pm PDTJun 4, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] Google Home is $109 ($20 off) at Best Buy, Google Store, B&H, and others 2017/06/04 10:07am PDTJun 4, 2017 12 [Deal Alert] Kick off the weekend with 24 temporarily free and 52 on-sale apps 2017/06/03 6:50pm PDTJun 3, 2017 18 [Deal Alert] Get a Nextbit Robin for $129.99 on eBay 2017/06/03 9:39am PDTJun 3, 2017 33 [Deal Alert] A Stork's Journey is currently free on Google Play Movies & TV 2017/06/01 10:50pm PDTJun 1, 2017 Latest Poll How many photos are on your Google Photos account? Under 100 100-999 1,000-2,499 2,500-4,999 5,000-9,999 10,000-19,999 20,000-39,999 More than 40,000. View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 67 Asus ZenFone 3 Zoom review: A promising phone that falls victim to bad software and cut corners 2017/05/31 2:21pm PDTMay 31, 2017 113 AOSPA (Paranoid Android) review: back from the dead, and we're thrilled 2017/05/31 9:47am PDTMay 31, 2017 29 Tag Heuer Connected Modular 45 review: It seems like $1,500 should get you more 2017/05/29 9:57am PDTMay 29, 2017 74 [Update, G+ Post] Francisco Franco makes his productivity timer 5217 free to try 2017/05/16 10:01am PDTMay 16, 2017 290 HTC U11 hands-on: HTC gets a little closer to the mark 2017/05/16 12:02am PDTMay 16, 2017 Latest Roundups 13 29 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/24/17 - 5/31/17) 2017/05/31 10:20am PDTMay 31, 2017 8 10 new and notable Android apps from the last week (5/23/17 - 5/29/17) 2017/05/29 12:49pm PDTMay 29, 2017 13 31 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/17/17 - 5/23/17) 2017/05/23 3:06pm PDTMay 23, 2017 16 12 new and notable Android apps and live wallpapers from the last week (5/16/17 - 5/22/17) 2017/05/22 12:48pm PDTMay 22, 2017 16 29 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/10/17 - 5/16/17) 2017/05/16 4:22pm PDTMay 16, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 18 Boost for Reddit removed from Play Store for alleged promotion of drugs, still not back after a week 2017/06/04 4:25pm PDTJun 4, 2017 112 Weekend poll: How many photos are synced to your Google Photos account? 2017/06/04 3:44pm PDTJun 4, 2017 28 Tasker beta v5 brings a fresh Material Design look and a huge list of other changes 2017/06/03 7:27pm PDTJun 3, 2017 12 [Deal Alert] Kick off the weekend with 24 temporarily free and 52 on-sale apps 2017/06/03 6:50pm PDTJun 3, 2017 76 Samsung uploads its Device Maintenance tool to the Play Store 2017/06/03 6:01pm PDTJun 3, 2017 Blast from the Past 60 1 Year Ago Today More Motorola Leaks: 'Style Mod' Replaceable Covers For The Moto X/Z And DROID Come In A Variety Of Materials 2016/06/04 12:27pm PDTJun 4, 2016 40 2 Years Ago Today Chrome Beta v44 Comes With Improvements To 'Native App' And 'Add To Homescreen' Banners, New Push API Features, And More [APK Download] 2015/06/04 5:14pm PDTJun 4, 2015 129 3 Years Ago Today YouTube v5.7 For Android Finally Lets You Select Exact Streaming Quality, As Long As It's 720p Or Lower [APK Download] 2014/06/04 6:16pm PDTJun 4, 2014 3 4 Years Ago Today Google Posts Glass XE6 Factory Image For Your Flashing Pleasure 2013/06/04 8:31pm PDTJun 4, 2013 16 5 Years Ago Today [Update: Pre-Orders Are Live] Sprint Announces The Galaxy S III Available June 21, Pre-Orders Start June 5 - $199 For 16GB, $249 For 32GB 2012/06/04 10:55pm PDTJun 4, 2012 327 6 Years Ago Today [Book Giveaway #2] Looking To Get Into Android Development? We're Giving Away "Hello, Android" To A Lucky Reader 2011/06/04 7:16pm PDTJun 4, 2011 2 7 Years Ago Today HTC EVO 4G OTA Update Comes Out In Time For Launch, Fixes SD Card Problems, Patches Security Issues, But Disables Root - Available Via WiFi As Well 2010/06/04 6:44pm PDTJun 4, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 112 Weekend poll: How many photos are synced to your Google Photos account? 2017/06/04 3:44pm PDTJun 4, 2017 35 It's not just you—there's a widespread Google Home outage 2017/06/04 12:04pm PDTJun 4, 2017 61 Samsung opens up its browser to some non-Samsung devices on the Play Store 2017/06/04 10:30am PDTJun 4, 2017 29 Motorola rolling out Android 7.1.1 to the Moto Z Play 2017/06/04 8:45am PDTJun 4, 2017 18 Boost for Reddit removed from Play Store for alleged promotion of drugs, still not back after a week 2017/06/04 4:25pm PDTJun 4, 2017 Last 7 Days 28 Google Photos v2.16 prepares to upgrade the camera shortcut, suggest photos to archive, and more [APK Teardown + Download] 2017/05/31 11:36pm PDTMay 31, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] Here are 38 temporarily free and 72 on-sale apps, plus both 0.10 Apps of the Week 2017/05/31 2:08pm PDTMay 31, 2017 501 [Update: New details plus Andy Rubin interview] The Essential phone is official, with an edge-to-edge display and the world's smallest 360-degree camera accessory 2017/05/30 7:48am PDTMay 30, 2017 76 Samsung uploads its Device Maintenance tool to the Play Store 2017/06/03 6:01pm PDTJun 3, 2017 24 Plex Live TV is now available for all Plex Pass subscribers, tuner required 2017/06/01 6:00am PDTJun 1, 2017 Last 30 Days 78 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 88 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 28 Google Photos v2.16 prepares to upgrade the camera shortcut, suggest photos to archive, and more [APK Teardown + Download] 2017/05/31 11:36pm PDTMay 31, 2017 94 The Play Store adopts new app and notification icons with v7.8.16 [APK Download] 2017/05/10 6:25pm PDTMay 10, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Advertise | Contact 118 queries | 0.381s | nexus2 Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
gizmodo Deadspin Fusion Gizmodo Jalopnik Jezebel Kotaku Lifehacker The Root gizmodo The Best Stuff to Do On the Google Homepage That Isn't Googling David Nield5/28/17 11:25am Filed to: Google Android Easter Eggs mobile desktop 18 Edit Promote Share to Kinja Toggle Conversation tools Go to permalink Image: Screenshot When Google’s engineers aren’t busy upgrading the serious stuff inside Google’s email apps or mobile OS, they like to leave little treats and games inside Google’s products—everything from humorous search results to hidden creatures. These are some of our favorites for when you’ve got five minutes or five hours to waste. Atari Breakout Image: Screenshot Run a Google image search for “Atari breakout” and you’re met with a version of the classic game you can play in your browser. Use the cursor keys as controllers. The classic Google search page Point your browser at https://archive.google.com/heart to relive your youth with the classic Google search page. It still works, but the results page is the modern version. Are you feeling lucky? Click I’m Feeling Lucky on Google with nothing in the search bar and you’re given a random Google link to try—it could be anything from mini puzzles to charity drives. Pac-Man Image: Screenshot Atari Breakout isn’t the only game that gets a Google Easter Egg spin. The 2010 Google Doodle version of the classic title, Pac-Man, can be brought back with a simple Google search for “pac-man”. Search box tricks GIF Image: Screengrab Several Google searches give entertaining results. Some of our favorites? Try entering “do a barrel roll”, “google in 1998", “askew”, “<blink>“, or “sonic the hedgehog.” Search box tools These Eggs aren’t really hidden surprises, more useful tools. You can run Google searches for “flip a coin” or “roll a die” to do just that, or use “timer” or “stopwatch” for those apps. Solitaire Image: Screenshot You’re still after another game aren’t you? Typing “solitaire” into Google gives you a web version of the classic card game. If you don’t like cards, try entering “tic tac toe” instead. Bacon numbers Every movie star is less than six steps away from Kevin Bacon and Google can help you prove it—type the name of almost anyone followed by “bacon number” to get the link. Search in pirate or Klingon Google knows more languages than you might have realized: you can load up the search results page to display labels in pirate, Klingon or hacker speak, should you need to. The Loch Ness pegman Normally he’s yellow. (Image: Screenshot) Search for “loch ness” on Google Maps and the iconic pegman figure turns into the shape of Scotland’s most famous mythical (?) monster. No sightings of the actual Nessie, though. Use the Force, Luke GIF Image: Screenshot The Star Wars scroll Easter Egg has come and gone from YouTube, but this one lives on—enter “use the Force, Luke” as a YouTube search to send the results into flux. Brush up on your trivia Knowledge is power and you can get more of it by searching for “fun facts” on Google. When you’ve absorbed the information, click Ask Another Question for a new fact. Endless dinosaur running If you find yourself without internet on your smartphone, pass the time by loading up Chrome for iOS or Android and tapping the dinosaur to launch an endless runner. Travel by dragon Image: Screenshot One for the Welsh here. If you choose to navigate from Snowdon to the Brecon Beacons and “dragon” appears as a travel option. Unfortunately, no dragons appear on screen. The Emmett Brown pegman You might have noticed this already, but when you view older imagery in Street View (via the drop-down menu in the top-left corner), the pegman turns into Emmett Brown. Cast spells on Android Call up the Google voice interface on Android via “OK Google” and you can cast a couple of Harry Potter spells: “lumos” to turn on the flashlight and “silencio” to mute all sounds. All things Google 5 Reasons Not to Use Google for Search How to Make Google Assistant and Amazon Alexa Do Whatever You Want 5 Things Google Assistant Does Better Than Siri David Nield david.nield@gizmodo.com @davidnield Contributor You may also like Field Guide How to Build a Smart Home Where Everything Might Actually Work 5/29/17 10:45am Field Guide Ten iMessage Apps Actually Worth Installing Tuesday 11:19am Field Guide Protect Yourself Against Ransomware With a Solid Backup System Thursday 12:45pm Recent from David Nield 20 17.9K Field Guide · David Nield Protect Yourself Against Ransomware With a Solid Backup System Thursday 12:45pm 1 10 35.6K Field Guide · David Nield Ten iMessage Apps Actually Worth Installing Tuesday 11:19am 54 45.3K Field Guide · David Nield How to Build a Smart Home Where Everything Might Actually Work 5/29/17 10:45am Share Tweet Need Help? Content Guide Permissions Privacy Terms of Use Advertising Jobs RSS ©2017 Gizmodo Media Group Kinja is in read-only mode. We are working to restore service.
SEO NEWS PPC CONTENT SOCIAL ADVERTISE MORE SEO SEJ's Guide to SEO SEO 101 Mobile Search Local Search International Search Tools & Analytics Webinars Podcasts News Most ReadPaid Search PPC Guide Paid Search 101 Digital AdvertisingSEJ Summit Content Marketing Content Marketing Guide Content Marketing 101 Email Marketing YoutubeEntrepreneur Productivity Agency Client Management Social Media SEJ's Social Media Strategy Social Media 101 Facebook Twitter Google+ Pinterest LinkedInToolbox Rss Twitter Facebook Follow Us LinkedIn YouTube Instagram Google Plus Pinterest ADVERTISEMENT SEO 101 | May 28, 2017 Shopify SEO: How to Optimize Your Store for Success 963 SHARES 2.8K READS Brock Murray Brock Murray 2.8K READS Want your Shopify store to rank in Position 1 on Google? No matter the platform, the same SEO principles apply if you want your e-commerce store to be found in search results. With some simple tweaks and optimizations to your Shopify store, you can improve your visibility, rank on the first page for your targeted keywords, and make the sale. While you may not outrank Amazon on day one, this Shopify SEO guide will walk you through everything you need to position your store for success. Launching Your Shopify Store Your store theme should match your brand style and make sense for your inventory. But also think about the impact on speed and usability, as these factors will greatly affect SEO. Before you buy or install a theme, verify that it won’t hurt your speed and performance. Run the theme URL through a tool like GTMetrix or Web Page Test. While the numbers will be different on your store, it will give you an idea of the resource demand of the core theme you’re building on. Run the theme URL through PageSpeed Insights. Since Google’s analysis of your page is ultimately what matters when you want to rank, verify that Google evaluates the code positively. When it comes to speed, the Turbo Shopify theme from Out of the Sandbox is my favorite right now. This theme is optimized for speed without sacrificing form or functionality. Installing this theme on a client site cut loading time by 75 percent. We routinely see clients keep load times under five seconds when they launch to a lean and clean theme. A smart theme selection will set you on the right path in terms of branding, user experience, and SEO. Technical SEO Without a strong foundation, SEO is just wainscoting on a pile of rubble. But when you build, reinforce, and maintain a strong foundation, SEO tweaks will add that decorative flourish to set you apart from the competition. Always optimize your site for customers, first and foremost. On-page SEO The same SEO elements that apply to a regular site apply to Shopify (here’s a great SEO checklist): Upload a robots.txt file so bots can crawl your site. Ensure you have an XML sitemap to guide Google through the architecture of your site. Install Google Analytics. Validate HTML and CSS. Purchase an SSL certificate and upgrade to HTTPS. Correct any crawl errors and redirect issues. Include target keywords for a given page in the title and H1. Optimize meta descriptions, as this can affects click-through-rate (CTR). Optimize headings (H1s, H2s, etc.) in a natural way. Optimize images (file name, alt text, and image size). Optimize all future pages as you add them, including collections and product pages. You’ll also need to re-optimize your content periodically to better target the keywords that convert the most. SEO is an ongoing process. Tweaks will always be needed because search algorithms are constantly changing – and so are your customers’ wants, needs, and behaviors. Run your site through an auditor like WooRank. Check back in every few months to make sure your corrections have taken hold and identify any new issues. On-page Optimizations in Shopify Shopify makes it easy to set your basic on-page details directly in the backend. Navigate to Sales Channels > Online Store > Preferences. On this page, you can update your homepage title and meta description. This is also where you can link your Google Analytics account. Individual product title and meta descriptions can be set directly on the page: Need to set up redirects? This can be done via Sales Channels > Online Store > Navigation. Click the “URL Redirects” button in the top right. Here, you can manage redirects and add new ones. Shopify automatically generates an XML sitemap of your store. You can find it by going to yourdomain.com/sitemap.xml. While Shopify isn’t quite as SEO-friendly as sites on WordPress with a plugin like Yoast, you can optimize almost everything directly through the dashboard. Apps Shopify has a pretty awesome collection of free or low-cost app integrations to take your store to the next level. Our clients have had great success capturing abandoned carts and re-engaging past customers with Conversio (formerly Receiptful). Bold Apps can help with sales and upsells, not to mention Sweet Tooth Loyalty Program and MailChimp integration for your email marketing efforts. The Shopify Reviews App or Yotpo are amazing as they add review schema right onto the product to help click-through rate in the SERPs. Apps can help with everything from driving newsletter sign-ups to running sales. However, apps can slow down stores and cause some conflicts, so choose wisely. Speed Speed should always come before cool features. Why? Forty percent of users will abandon a page if it takes longer than 3 seconds to load. In fact, a single second delay in page loading can drop conversions by 7 percent. For an e-commerce store, that could cost thousands in lost sales each year. Mobile users are impatient. A slow store is bad business. Optimizing your Shopify store for speed is almost exactly the same as any other website. Small improvements like the ones listed below should help improve load times: Minify code (CSS & JavaScript) Compress images Minimize redirects Enable browser caching Use a content delivery network (CDN) You can see a full list of recommendations and see how your store measures up when you run your domain through a tool like GTMetrix. Speed matters for user experience, but it’s also a Google ranking factor. The faster your site can be without stripping elements that provide an optimal user experience, the better. User Experience Ask yourself these questions to evaluate whether your Shopify store offers an excellent user experience: Does the homepage explain what your store is all about? Is it easy to understand? Is the site structured well? Is the page layout clear, consistent, and visually appealing? Are the graphics welcoming and consistent? Do your product images show high-quality graphics of what you are selling? Is there good use of white space? Is the content too dense? Are navigation buttons and tabs consistent and intuitive? Is the relationship between the page and navigation clear? Is there a clear “path” for users to follow from first landing on the site to buying a product? Is the content unique, well-written, and accurate? Are there ads, interstitials, pop-ups, or any other obtrusive elements on the page? If so, are they displayed in a professional manner? Are there calls-to-action (CTAs) on the page, and are they clear and intuitive? If you can say an emphatic “yes” to all of these questions, you’re on the right track to delight your users and Google. If you’re hesitant about any of the above elements, go back to the drawing board. You can draw in visitors through paid ads, organic traffic, or social, but the page has to serve their needs. Otherwise, metrics will confirm your site just isn’t cutting it and everything will suffer — including search rankings. User testing can help you get a more accurate sense of how customers interact with your store and shine a spotlight on problem areas. Optimizing Your Store for Conversions Conversion optimization is all about getting visitors to engage with your content, like you, trust you, and ultimately buy your product. Each of these actions at one level or another is associated with a site-level metric that influences your site’s Google rank. After all, users who take an action on your site contribute a lower bounce rate, longer time on site, higher pages/session, and more. Without worrying about a single technical detail, shifting your mindset to associate conversion optimization with rankings benefits will pay tremendous dividends. If Google sees that users click to your store and buy something, that can positively influence your rankings. Google wants to show the most relevant and useful results to users. Make your site exactly what your customers want and need. Content A beautiful website without quality content is like a top-line Viking range with no ingredients to cook — a total waste. All the little optimizations and tweaks I detailed earlier mean nothing if they’re not building on a rich, deep, and insightful foundation of high-quality content. Homepage Your Shopify homepage represents who you are, what you do, what you offer, and your unique value proposition. Harris Farm Markets is one site that does a great job with their homepage layout and content: It’s hyper-visual and rich in content. From the first look at the page to the final scroll, you get a total sense of who they are, what they do, and what makes them different from a supermarket. Muse is another great example: Must makes it clear what the product is and how it can help from that first hero image to the research partners that provide credibility. Product Pages Ensure your product pages are fully optimized. Pasting the same generic sentence on each page won’t cut it. Write a unique, captivating product description. To avoid duplicate content, add variants to each product. This way, you won’t have to come up with new content for red and blue versions of the same shirt. To better serve your customers, have shipping, return, and sizing information available on the page. Ensure your images are optimized with a descriptive file name and relevant alt text. Consider enabling reviews on the page. Not only does it provide more value/info for customers, but it’s free content! Don’t use manufacturer descriptions! Write your own. Duplicate Product Pages If duplicate products are unavoidable, apply the rel=canonical tag to the product you want to take priority. If this is an ongoing issue like if your store is duplicating products across collection pages, you can install an app like the NoFollow and NoIndex Manager to take control over what gets followed and indexed. Deleting Products When a model becomes obsolete or you move on to a different stock, do you just delete the product? This can cause big SEO issues. Ensure you set up 404 redirects for all deleted products. Link to the most similar live product if you can, or the most relevant collections page. If nothing applies, redirect to the homepage. The Perfect Product Page Here’s an example of an exceptional product page: It has: Tons of content broken up into different chunks for readability and flow. Variants all on the same page to avoid duplicate content issues. Visual, informative content about features and specs, and even includes videos of the product in use. A review app, giving 800 words of additional content. Tabbed content allows you to add depth to the page without cluttering it. Here’s a great example: Collections Shopify automatically creates collections pages. You don’t have to make the pages visible on your site, but they represent a huge ranking opportunity for category keywords if you choose to use them. If your collections pages are just product lists, you’re missing an opportunity. We’ve been doing content projects for a lot of our e-commerce clients to grow their collections pages, and we’ve seen great results. For instance, instead of just a generic “jeans” or “men’s jeans” page, make a “skater jeans” or “baggy jeans” landing page building on a collection. These hyper-targeted keywords convert really well. Blog A blogging strategy is really important, especially for e-commerce. Maintaining a blog will: Provide value to users. Help you target long-tail keywords. Improve your organic search visibility. Give you more content to promote on social. Use tools like Google Trends and BuzzSumo to identify keyword opportunities and stay ahead of the curve on evergreen and trendy topics. Write long-tail content that has your product as the answer to a commonly asked question. Browse social media, Quora, Reddit, and niche forums to find these questions. Remember, a blog can be so much more than pure text: Post videos. Do a Q&A. Post how-tos. Create an infographic. Post gift guides, style guides, and lookbooks. Integrate buy buttons and strong calls-to-action (CTAs) to make blogs an important part of your sales funnel. Off-page Optimizations All of your on-page optimizations are just one part of the puzzle. Your store’s off-page presence is just as important, if not more. In other words, you need to market your Shopify store. Get the word out there. Put effort into a comprehensive, strategic social media presence. Do outreach and online PR. Build a robust backlink profile from trustworthy, authoritative domains. All of these efforts will help build brand awareness and affinity, which will ultimately increase search demand. Conclusion From choosing an SEO-friendly theme to core optimizations (on-page, speed, UX, CRO, content, and off-page), the recommendations in this guide should help steer your Shopify store to improved and sustained rankings success. Plan and deploy your SEO strategy using Shopify’s built-in features; monitor your results through keyword tracking software and Google Analytics, and adjust and experiment until you strike gold. Just remember: SEO alone isn’t enough for Shopify success. Search engines want to satisfy users, so always optimizing for your customers will delight two birds with one stone. Image Credits Featured Image: Shutterstock All Screenshots by Brock Murray. Taken May 2017. ADVERTISEMENT Related Posts Facebook Partners With Shopify to Launch Its Own ‘Buy’ Button Now You Can Browse Local Store Inventory in Google Search New Google AdWords Extensions Help Manufacturers Drive In-Store Sales ADVERTISEMENT Brock Murray Co-Founder at seoplus+ Brock is a full-stack marketing specialist. He is actively involved in all aspects of digital marketing but specializes in SEO. ... [Read full bio] Advertisement Subscribe to SEJ Get our weekly newsletter from SEJ's Founder Loren Baker about the latest news in the industry! Partner Stories How to Discover & Take Advantage of Hidden Ranks Search Podcast How AI and Machine Learning Affect the Future of Online Marketing Ebooks The Beginner’s Guide to SEO Is Your PPC Agency Wasting Your Budget? Advertisement Advertisement Home Jobs About Contact Privacy Policy Initiatives Advertise Twitter Facebook Linkedin Instagram Youtube Google Pinterest Subscribe to SEJ Get our weekly newsletter from SEJ's Founder Loren Baker about the latest news in the industry! Follow Us SEO ALL SEO SEJ's Guide to SEO SEO 101 Mobile Search Local Search International Search Tools & Analytics Webinars Podcasts News ALL NEWS Most Read Paid search PPC Guide All Paid Search Paid Search 101 Digital Advertising Content Marketing All Content Marketing Content Marketing Guide Content Marketing 101 Email Marketing Youtube Social media All Social Media SEJ's Social Media Strategy Social Media 101 Facebook Twitter Google+ Pinterest LinkedIn Entrepreneur All Entrepreneur Productivity Agency Client Management SEJ SUMMIT Advertise Toolbox
skip to main content Public Media for Southern New Mexico & Far West Texas Site Menu Donate Menu Home News Regional News Local Viewpoints National/World Weather Forecast NM Road Conditions TX Road Conditions KRWG News Video Community Events PUENTES Business Health Arts and Life Technology Sports Fronteras Reports next avenue Television TV Schedule Television Programs A-Z Watch KRWG News Video Watch PBS Video PBS Kids 24/7 Livestream PBS Kids Newsmakers In Focus Fronteras Norma's Picks BBC News PBS NewsHour Nightly Business Report Pláticas Living Here Community Connection New Mexico Now KRWG Music Spotlight News 22 Noticias 22 Your Legislators Field Trip! American Graduate Champions Radio Radio Schedule Radio Programs A-Z LISTEN LIVE Morning Edition Here & Now All Things Considered Marketplace Fronteras Images Monday Business Watch Alamogordo NOW Silver City Report The Bulletin On The Radio Your Weekend Pulse Fiesta! KRWG Jazz & Blues Intermezzo Voice of the Public StoryCorps About Us KRWG/NMSU Parking Permit Station Information On-Air Staff Where To Watch & Listen Airwaves Guide Outage Updates Editorial Policy Meetings Information FCC Public File EEO Reports Diversity Statement Content Reports Financial Information Support KRWG Become A Member Or Renew Payroll Deduction Donate Your Car amazon.com shopPBS.org Passport Planned Giving Underwriters Challenge Grant Partners Donor Privacy Prize Drawing Rules Connect With Us Contact Us Submit Event For Community Calendar Technical Questions/Report Problems Facebook Twitter YouTube Search KRWG KRWG Menu Home News Regional News Local Viewpoints National/World Weather Forecast NM Road Conditions TX Road Conditions KRWG News Video Community Events PUENTES Business Health Arts and Life Technology Sports Fronteras Reports next avenue Television TV Schedule Television Programs A-Z Watch KRWG News Video Watch PBS Video PBS Kids 24/7 Livestream PBS Kids Newsmakers In Focus Fronteras Norma's Picks BBC News PBS NewsHour Nightly Business Report Pláticas Living Here Community Connection New Mexico Now KRWG Music Spotlight News 22 Noticias 22 Your Legislators Field Trip! American Graduate Champions Radio Radio Schedule Radio Programs A-Z LISTEN LIVE Morning Edition Here & Now All Things Considered Marketplace Fronteras Images Monday Business Watch Alamogordo NOW Silver City Report The Bulletin On The Radio Your Weekend Pulse Fiesta! KRWG Jazz & Blues Intermezzo Voice of the Public StoryCorps About Us KRWG/NMSU Parking Permit Station Information On-Air Staff Where To Watch & Listen Airwaves Guide Outage Updates Editorial Policy Meetings Information FCC Public File EEO Reports Diversity Statement Content Reports Financial Information Support KRWG Become A Member Or Renew Payroll Deduction Donate Your Car amazon.com shopPBS.org Passport Planned Giving Underwriters Challenge Grant Partners Donor Privacy Prize Drawing Rules Connect With Us Contact Us Submit Event For Community Calendar Technical Questions/Report Problems Facebook Twitter YouTube Search LinkedIn Ranks the Most Sought-After Companies By richard kadzis • May 28, 2017 TweetShareGoogle+Email Credit Richard Kadzis Commentary: Where would you like to work, if you could have the ideal job with the ideal employer? LinkedIn recently provided some insight. As the leading social media channel for business and professional networking, LinkedIn is essentially a job search engine, so it’s able to distill extensive career related information using its own data analytics. Based mainly on total views of job postings by thousands of companies, LinkedIn published its most sought-after companies findings in May, ranking the top 50 employers nationally. Not surprisingly, Google, or Alphabet as it’s now branded, came out number one. The top 10 employers are: Google Amazon Facebook Salesforce Uber Tesla Apple Time Warner The Walt Disney Company Comcast NBC Universal Click here to view the entire list. For all of the companies in the top 50, LinkedIn gauged the rankings using three key data points from its more than 500-million members: - Interest in a company’s jobs - Interest in a company’s brand - Employee retention What are drivers of workplace appeal and satisfaction? Cool work settings, amenities and flexible workplace practices all combine to make for attractive jobs, but it’s much more than that. Meaning Matters More Google is known for its athletic facilities, foosball, coffee lounges and great – often free – food. Yet, the average Googler will tell you, the main reason they enjoy working there is the constant challenge of innovating and tackling massive problems ranging from creating self-driving cars to impeding extremism. Scratch the surface, and you will find several core elements coming into play, each of them representing key psychographics of work that tell us why we like or don’t like working where we do. These include feelings like meaning, purpose and a sense of belonging. I’ve done extensive research into the millennial mindset finding how these kinds of intangibles are more important than salary. The chance for career advancement is also valued more, especially among younger workers. Companies like Google that give their employees a seat at the table and a voice in the process have created employee-stakeholder cultures that promote engagement and lead to higher productivity including continuous innovation, which is THE key to competitive advantage in today’s information age and knowledge-sharing economy. I had the chance to work closely with Google’s director of Global Workplaces and Real Estate, David Radcliff, in a think-tank exercise focused on effective workplace design and practices, resulting in a best-selling book, Change Your Space, Change Your Culture. We were meeting with a group of thought leaders inside the National Research Energy Laboratory in Golden, Colorado. It’s an impressively designed place where a lot of innovation surrounding energy management takes place, usually based on partnerships between the government and corporations. Although the NREL campus produces all of the energy it consumes, making a net-zero facility of more than a million square feet, something was missing. David pointed to the extremely quiet and near-empty office spaces that we toured, saying the campus lacked the energy, interaction and collaboration needed to sustain high-level innovation. The human side of the experience was lacking, despite the physical surroundings. So it comes down to the question: What employers treat their employees like adults, emphasizing thinking space over physical work space? The Super Nucleus Chances are, the 50 companies recognized by LinkedIn, understand the value of treating work as a social experience and treating their employees as stakeholders. It appears that about two-thirds of those companies including Google have direct or indirect impact on workplace experiences for countless numbers of other employers. For example, CBRE and Jones Lang LaSalle appear in the LinkedIn rankings. They are commercial real estate providers who also advise the Fortune 1000 on workplace location, design and practice, which is another reflection why real estate and workplace departments inside major companies are gaining more influence and clout at the management table. The same holds true for HR and IT departments. Some companies are even combining their real estate, human resources and technology groups into a “super-nucleus” supporting the needs of the entire business. Corporate real estate, and the workplaces it houses, is now more integral to many corporate bottom lines, viewed as strategic assets, not as cost centers. As LinkedIn is showing us, the employee experience within those workplaces are often more valuable than buildings and land. Richard Kadzis is expert on workplace practices, location strategies, sustainability, and other disciplines impacting productivity. His career spanned more than 35 years of advocating for corporate responsibility.  TweetShareGoogle+Email View the discussion thread. © 2017 KRWG Donate Now Search Contact Us Listen LIVE Regional Local Viewpoints KRWG News Video National/World Business Health Sports Weather NM Roads TX Roads Community Events Where to Watch & Listen Radio Schedule TV Schedule PBS and KRWG Video
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us ... Google for Jobs going live for some people Corbin Davenport Follow View All Posts 2017/05/27 4:31pm PDTMay 27, 2017 19 Plus 1 on G+ 74 Share on Facebook 81 Share on Twitter Total Shares174 Google News Back at Google I/O, a new initiative was announced called 'Google for Jobs.' As you might be able to guess from the name, it is designed to make finding job openings easier and more effective - for both applicants and employers. The feature appears to be going live on Google Search, at least for some users. Currently, searching something like "barista jobs" just returns a list of results from job listing sites. With Google for Jobs, you get a much cleaner interface with more details, plus modifiers like 'Full-time' and 'Starbucks.'    Left: Current layout; Center, Right: New layout This doesn't seem to be live yet for everyone, including myself, but let us know in the comments if you see it. Thanks: Jose Tags Google google for jobs jobs work subscribe ... Previous Story [Deal Alert] Get a 3-pack Arlo Pro security system for $450 ($130 off), if you have Amazon Prime ... Next Story [Deal Alert] Several movies and TV episodes on Google Play are on sale for Memorial Day Trending 78 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 88 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 Comments Paul_Werner Yeah this went live for me the same day they announced it. I'm still waiting on the new YouTube UI & the YouTube Go Live features though matteventu Are you from the US? Mattwmaster58 I'm from canada and it works for me Paul_Werner Yup Mattwmaster58 Youtube UI you gotta opt in @ https://www.youtube.com/new Izzie I didn't opt in and got the new interface yesterday? Mattwmaster58 I guess they are rolling this out :P Vratislav Jindra How about doing something about that ugly grey status bar, Google? I get it at the search results page which is also grey (a bit lighter), but not when there is a blue action bar right underneath it. Also the shadow under the status bar from KitKat era in the main screen of Google App seems weird. Sometimes I wonder what they pay their designers for, when they can't get this basic sh*t straight. Kristinatskaggs Google is paying 97$ per hour! Work for few hours & have longer with friends and family! !dq75c: On tuesday I got a great new Land Rover Range Rover from having earned $8752 this last four weeks.. Its the most-financialy rewarding I've had.. Follow this link for more information !dq75c: ➽➽ ➽➽;➽➽ http://GoogleFinancialCashJobs365DirectRockGetPaid$97/Hour... ★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫::::::!dq75c:....,........ Vratislav Jindra Oh for f*ck's sake, stop it. Powsniffer0110 Your problem is youre on KitKat buddy. Try upgrading Vratislav Jindra I'm on Nougat, buddy. Don't tell me that your Google App's main screen doesn't have this ridiculous status bar. https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/fa83a4890e2557e740128d564e6f804416ed73f61787acbc9deac5bd323268f3.png BehemothPL It's nice to see Chicago metro in the article :) Alejandro Steve? ddevito JOBS JOBS JOBS let's vote for JOBS! Yeeeeaaaaaaaaaaaa you've got karma! alwaysonthemove ITM Grunty I got coffee at that starbucks yesterday. Logan Snyder Weird, the old layout had squiggly looking black rectangles. instinct I listened to a Steve Jobs audio clip right before reading this headline, and it threw me off. makapav Vote up if you immediately went and searched for barista jobs after reading this post. Daniellejbergeron Google is paying 97$ per hour! Work for few hours & have longer with friends and family! !dw174c: On tuesday I got a great new Land Rover Range Rover from having earned $8752 this last four weeks.. Its the most-financialy rewarding I've had.. Follow this link for more information !dw174c: ➽➽ ➽➽;➽➽ http://GoogleFinancialCashJobs464MarketFlightGetPaid$97/Hour... ★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫::::::!dw174c:....,...... Evan Hart I get the job done from ease and comfort of my home, through doing easy jobs that only usually takes from you a Desk top together with on-line connection and Now I am more satisfied than ever before... After half a year on this work and therefore i obtained paid for totally Thirty six Thousand usd... Basically I generate close to 80 bucks/hr and work for 3 to 4 hrs day-after-day.And marvelous factor concerning this task is usually that you can easily supervise your time when you do the job and for how much time as you wish for and you achieve a check week by week.----->>>> learn by clicking here how to do it right now Christopher Phillips I do the job from comfort and ease of my property or home, via easy projects that only takes from you a Desktop and connection to the internet and I am just more successful than ever before... After half a year in this project and i obtained compensated for overall Thirty six Thousand bucks... Basically I generate near 80 bucks/hour and also work for three to four hours time on a regular basis.And spectacular factor regarding this work is the fact you can arrange your time while you get the job done and for just how long as you prefer and you attain a check week by week.>>>> learn by clicking here how to do it right now Rob The problem is finding actual jobs associated with postings in any platform. A lot of the time, these aren't serious openings. Follow Android Police 1.49M 472k 145k 119k Latest Deals 9 [Deal Alert] Chromecast Ultra is $59.99 ($10 off) at Google Store, Best Buy, B&H and others 2017/06/04 12:16pm PDTJun 4, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] Google Home is $109 ($20 off) at Best Buy, Google Store, B&H, and others 2017/06/04 10:07am PDTJun 4, 2017 12 [Deal Alert] Kick off the weekend with 24 temporarily free and 52 on-sale apps 2017/06/03 6:50pm PDTJun 3, 2017 18 [Deal Alert] Get a Nextbit Robin for $129.99 on eBay 2017/06/03 9:39am PDTJun 3, 2017 33 [Deal Alert] A Stork's Journey is currently free on Google Play Movies & TV 2017/06/01 10:50pm PDTJun 1, 2017 Latest Poll How many photos are on your Google Photos account? Under 100 100-999 1,000-2,499 2,500-4,999 5,000-9,999 10,000-19,999 20,000-39,999 More than 40,000. View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 67 Asus ZenFone 3 Zoom review: A promising phone that falls victim to bad software and cut corners 2017/05/31 2:21pm PDTMay 31, 2017 113 AOSPA (Paranoid Android) review: back from the dead, and we're thrilled 2017/05/31 9:47am PDTMay 31, 2017 29 Tag Heuer Connected Modular 45 review: It seems like $1,500 should get you more 2017/05/29 9:57am PDTMay 29, 2017 74 [Update, G+ Post] Francisco Franco makes his productivity timer 5217 free to try 2017/05/16 10:01am PDTMay 16, 2017 290 HTC U11 hands-on: HTC gets a little closer to the mark 2017/05/16 12:02am PDTMay 16, 2017 Latest Roundups 13 29 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/24/17 - 5/31/17) 2017/05/31 10:20am PDTMay 31, 2017 8 10 new and notable Android apps from the last week (5/23/17 - 5/29/17) 2017/05/29 12:49pm PDTMay 29, 2017 13 31 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/17/17 - 5/23/17) 2017/05/23 3:06pm PDTMay 23, 2017 16 12 new and notable Android apps and live wallpapers from the last week (5/16/17 - 5/22/17) 2017/05/22 12:48pm PDTMay 22, 2017 16 29 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/10/17 - 5/16/17) 2017/05/16 4:22pm PDTMay 16, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 18 Boost for Reddit removed from Play Store for alleged promotion of drugs, still not back after a week 2017/06/04 4:25pm PDTJun 4, 2017 112 Weekend poll: How many photos are synced to your Google Photos account? 2017/06/04 3:44pm PDTJun 4, 2017 28 Tasker beta v5 brings a fresh Material Design look and a huge list of other changes 2017/06/03 7:27pm PDTJun 3, 2017 12 [Deal Alert] Kick off the weekend with 24 temporarily free and 52 on-sale apps 2017/06/03 6:50pm PDTJun 3, 2017 76 Samsung uploads its Device Maintenance tool to the Play Store 2017/06/03 6:01pm PDTJun 3, 2017 Blast from the Past 60 1 Year Ago Today More Motorola Leaks: 'Style Mod' Replaceable Covers For The Moto X/Z And DROID Come In A Variety Of Materials 2016/06/04 12:27pm PDTJun 4, 2016 40 2 Years Ago Today Chrome Beta v44 Comes With Improvements To 'Native App' And 'Add To Homescreen' Banners, New Push API Features, And More [APK Download] 2015/06/04 5:14pm PDTJun 4, 2015 129 3 Years Ago Today YouTube v5.7 For Android Finally Lets You Select Exact Streaming Quality, As Long As It's 720p Or Lower [APK Download] 2014/06/04 6:16pm PDTJun 4, 2014 3 4 Years Ago Today Google Posts Glass XE6 Factory Image For Your Flashing Pleasure 2013/06/04 8:31pm PDTJun 4, 2013 16 5 Years Ago Today [Update: Pre-Orders Are Live] Sprint Announces The Galaxy S III Available June 21, Pre-Orders Start June 5 - $199 For 16GB, $249 For 32GB 2012/06/04 10:55pm PDTJun 4, 2012 327 6 Years Ago Today [Book Giveaway #2] Looking To Get Into Android Development? We're Giving Away "Hello, Android" To A Lucky Reader 2011/06/04 7:16pm PDTJun 4, 2011 2 7 Years Ago Today HTC EVO 4G OTA Update Comes Out In Time For Launch, Fixes SD Card Problems, Patches Security Issues, But Disables Root - Available Via WiFi As Well 2010/06/04 6:44pm PDTJun 4, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 112 Weekend poll: How many photos are synced to your Google Photos account? 2017/06/04 3:44pm PDTJun 4, 2017 35 It's not just you—there's a widespread Google Home outage 2017/06/04 12:04pm PDTJun 4, 2017 61 Samsung opens up its browser to some non-Samsung devices on the Play Store 2017/06/04 10:30am PDTJun 4, 2017 29 Motorola rolling out Android 7.1.1 to the Moto Z Play 2017/06/04 8:45am PDTJun 4, 2017 18 Boost for Reddit removed from Play Store for alleged promotion of drugs, still not back after a week 2017/06/04 4:25pm PDTJun 4, 2017 Last 7 Days 28 Google Photos v2.16 prepares to upgrade the camera shortcut, suggest photos to archive, and more [APK Teardown + Download] 2017/05/31 11:36pm PDTMay 31, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] Here are 38 temporarily free and 72 on-sale apps, plus both 0.10 Apps of the Week 2017/05/31 2:08pm PDTMay 31, 2017 501 [Update: New details plus Andy Rubin interview] The Essential phone is official, with an edge-to-edge display and the world's smallest 360-degree camera accessory 2017/05/30 7:48am PDTMay 30, 2017 76 Samsung uploads its Device Maintenance tool to the Play Store 2017/06/03 6:01pm PDTJun 3, 2017 24 Plex Live TV is now available for all Plex Pass subscribers, tuner required 2017/06/01 6:00am PDTJun 1, 2017 Last 30 Days 78 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 88 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 28 Google Photos v2.16 prepares to upgrade the camera shortcut, suggest photos to archive, and more [APK Teardown + Download] 2017/05/31 11:36pm PDTMay 31, 2017 94 The Play Store adopts new app and notification icons with v7.8.16 [APK Download] 2017/05/10 6:25pm PDTMay 10, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Advertise | Contact 122 queries | 0.680s | hive Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us ... [Deal Alert] Several movies and TV episodes on Google Play are on sale for Memorial Day Ryne Hager Follow View All Posts 2017/05/27 6:37pm PDTMay 27, 2017 56 Plus 1 on G+ 132 Share on Facebook 48 Share on Twitter Total Shares236 Deals Google News If your Memorial Day weekend plans are being ruined by poor weather, Google has an offer for you. It recently tossed up a little holiday sale on movies and TV shows over on Google Play, including some deals that are over 50% off their regular prices. So if you can't go camping or throw that family barbecue because of rain, at least you and your loved ones can snuggle up inside while you binge watch The Wire. It'll be good for little Johnny's character. Among the better movie collections being offered are The Lord of the Rings Trilogy for $20, the Back to the Future Trilogy for $15, and "The Best of Tarantino" six-movie collection for $30. The latter includes one of my favorite cheesy horror movies, From Dusk Till Dawn. The TV selection has a lot of solid HBO shows — if you don't happen to have HBO Go — as well as the complete X-Files for $50, American Horror Story seasons 1-5 for $60 and the amazing Kung Fu series in its entirety for $30. For more family-oriented deals there are a ton of shows from Nickelodeon, as well as a small number of animated children's film collections. You know what? The outdoors are over-rated. Who would want to spend a weekend outside with their loving family when they could spend days forcing their children to appreciate their favorite childhood movies. Let's face it, in the long run, your kids will thank you. Source: Google Play (1, 2) Tags deal alert google play memorial day movies sale tv subscribe ... Previous Story Google for Jobs going live for some people ... Next Story [Deal Alert] $1 Google Play movie rental (ends July 7th) Trending 78 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 88 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 Comments me me still seem expensive for what they are... Devin Rodriguez ✓ʳᵃᵈ It's true. All movies should be free for everyone. No company should want to make money. me me didnt say should be free. Just said expensive for what they are. Older films.... and things I've already seen or don't want to see. Eric Braun Then don't buy, problem solved. me me Correct. So they get no money which is less than if they charged less for them to intersect the value. Patrick Smithopolis And all phones should be dirt cheap so the manufacturers don't make any money and their companies go under. Devin Rodriguez ✓ʳᵃᵈ And also high end. I want the newest Qualcomm Snapdragon, Gorilla Glass 5, a 4k 5.5" screen, 3000 mAh battery, IP97 waterproofing, and all for $100. That shouldn't be that hard, right? splus I bet this is your favorite movie - http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1679335/ (Trolls) Devin Rodriguez ✓ʳᵃᵈ That movie is amazing. Trust me, I know movies. I know the best movies, terrific movies. I have the best movies, but there is no better movie than Trolls. xyz My fav movie is You're a Cunt. ethd Ooooo, got 'im! Devin Rodriguez ✓ʳᵃᵈ My god, I've seen the light. You have quite thoroughly dashed my hopes and dreams. Matt Because X-Files and Back the Future are the latest and greatest movies and TV shows, right? Devin Rodriguez ✓ʳᵃᵈ Exactly. Greatest movies and shows of all time. Nothing can compare. Truly works of art. xyz Go fuck yourself. Or better, let a Hollywood producer do it....for a fee of course. Devin Rodriguez ✓ʳᵃᵈ Brutal. Savage. Rekt. -Matoro Zeliph- Yeah, these (old) digital movies are pretty expensive than the physical bundle dvds you find at Walmart. You would think that digital (old) movies would be cheaper than the physical disc! Daniellejbergeron Google is paying 97$ per hour! Work for few hours & have longer with friends and family! !dw174c: On tuesday I got a great new Land Rover Range Rover from having earned $8752 this last four weeks.. Its the most-financialy rewarding I've had.. Follow this link for more information !dw174c: ➽➽ ➽➽;➽➽ http://GoogleFinancialCashJobs464MarketFlightGetPaid$97/Hour... ★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫::::::!dw174c:....,..... Christopher Phillips I work from comfort of my house, by doing hassle-free projects that solely demands from you a Laptop and on-line connection and Now I am more successful than before... After half a year on this job opportunity and i obtained cash in total 36,000 dollars... Basically I make up close to eighty bucks/h and also work for three to four hrs every single day.And marvelous point about this work is usually that you can also supervise time whenever you do the job and for just how long as you may prefer and you generate a check week by week.>>>> learn by clicking here how to do it right now -Matoro Zeliph- Shut up 4Ui812 That's because they are. As for the jackals that are knocking your comment ; they fail to grasp the concept. Kristinatskaggs Google is paying 97$ per hour! Work for few hours & have longer with friends and family! !dq75c: On tuesday I got a great new Land Rover Range Rover from having earned $8752 this last four weeks.. Its the most-financialy rewarding I've had.. Follow this link for more information !dq75c: ➽➽ ➽➽;➽➽ http://GoogleFinancialCashJobs365DirectRockGetPaid$97/Hour... ★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫::::::!dq75c:....,....... Travis Simerly I think you made John Galt mad. Travis Simerly It's definitely too expensive for a movie that doesn't even have 5.1 sound. I had 5.1 when I watched The Fellowship on a CRT TV. Will you have to buy another digital copy again to get better than stereo? You definitely will have to purchase again for a 4K digital copy. lm_a_dope Seems expensive to me. Alex Louderback My seams in my shirt aren't very expensive, you must buy fancy seams Juniors234 i see what you did there... lm_a_dope Hey I was typing on a phone and fixed it in less than 10s, stop being a ass. FelschR an ass* Stephen B Morris I wish Google would let me pay the difference to upgrade to the UHD version. I also wish they would create a UHD section. Tai Ch Play verry helpful Follow Android Police 1.49M 472k 145k 119k Latest Deals 9 [Deal Alert] Chromecast Ultra is $59.99 ($10 off) at Google Store, Best Buy, B&H and others 2017/06/04 12:16pm PDTJun 4, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] Google Home is $109 ($20 off) at Best Buy, Google Store, B&H, and others 2017/06/04 10:07am PDTJun 4, 2017 12 [Deal Alert] Kick off the weekend with 24 temporarily free and 52 on-sale apps 2017/06/03 6:50pm PDTJun 3, 2017 18 [Deal Alert] Get a Nextbit Robin for $129.99 on eBay 2017/06/03 9:39am PDTJun 3, 2017 33 [Deal Alert] A Stork's Journey is currently free on Google Play Movies & TV 2017/06/01 10:50pm PDTJun 1, 2017 Latest Poll How many photos are on your Google Photos account? Under 100 100-999 1,000-2,499 2,500-4,999 5,000-9,999 10,000-19,999 20,000-39,999 More than 40,000. View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 67 Asus ZenFone 3 Zoom review: A promising phone that falls victim to bad software and cut corners 2017/05/31 2:21pm PDTMay 31, 2017 113 AOSPA (Paranoid Android) review: back from the dead, and we're thrilled 2017/05/31 9:47am PDTMay 31, 2017 29 Tag Heuer Connected Modular 45 review: It seems like $1,500 should get you more 2017/05/29 9:57am PDTMay 29, 2017 74 [Update, G+ Post] Francisco Franco makes his productivity timer 5217 free to try 2017/05/16 10:01am PDTMay 16, 2017 290 HTC U11 hands-on: HTC gets a little closer to the mark 2017/05/16 12:02am PDTMay 16, 2017 Latest Roundups 13 29 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/24/17 - 5/31/17) 2017/05/31 10:20am PDTMay 31, 2017 8 10 new and notable Android apps from the last week (5/23/17 - 5/29/17) 2017/05/29 12:49pm PDTMay 29, 2017 13 31 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/17/17 - 5/23/17) 2017/05/23 3:06pm PDTMay 23, 2017 16 12 new and notable Android apps and live wallpapers from the last week (5/16/17 - 5/22/17) 2017/05/22 12:48pm PDTMay 22, 2017 16 29 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/10/17 - 5/16/17) 2017/05/16 4:22pm PDTMay 16, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 18 Boost for Reddit removed from Play Store for alleged promotion of drugs, still not back after a week 2017/06/04 4:25pm PDTJun 4, 2017 112 Weekend poll: How many photos are synced to your Google Photos account? 2017/06/04 3:44pm PDTJun 4, 2017 28 Tasker beta v5 brings a fresh Material Design look and a huge list of other changes 2017/06/03 7:27pm PDTJun 3, 2017 12 [Deal Alert] Kick off the weekend with 24 temporarily free and 52 on-sale apps 2017/06/03 6:50pm PDTJun 3, 2017 76 Samsung uploads its Device Maintenance tool to the Play Store 2017/06/03 6:01pm PDTJun 3, 2017 Blast from the Past 60 1 Year Ago Today More Motorola Leaks: 'Style Mod' Replaceable Covers For The Moto X/Z And DROID Come In A Variety Of Materials 2016/06/04 12:27pm PDTJun 4, 2016 40 2 Years Ago Today Chrome Beta v44 Comes With Improvements To 'Native App' And 'Add To Homescreen' Banners, New Push API Features, And More [APK Download] 2015/06/04 5:14pm PDTJun 4, 2015 129 3 Years Ago Today YouTube v5.7 For Android Finally Lets You Select Exact Streaming Quality, As Long As It's 720p Or Lower [APK Download] 2014/06/04 6:16pm PDTJun 4, 2014 3 4 Years Ago Today Google Posts Glass XE6 Factory Image For Your Flashing Pleasure 2013/06/04 8:31pm PDTJun 4, 2013 16 5 Years Ago Today [Update: Pre-Orders Are Live] Sprint Announces The Galaxy S III Available June 21, Pre-Orders Start June 5 - $199 For 16GB, $249 For 32GB 2012/06/04 10:55pm PDTJun 4, 2012 327 6 Years Ago Today [Book Giveaway #2] Looking To Get Into Android Development? We're Giving Away "Hello, Android" To A Lucky Reader 2011/06/04 7:16pm PDTJun 4, 2011 2 7 Years Ago Today HTC EVO 4G OTA Update Comes Out In Time For Launch, Fixes SD Card Problems, Patches Security Issues, But Disables Root - Available Via WiFi As Well 2010/06/04 6:44pm PDTJun 4, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 112 Weekend poll: How many photos are synced to your Google Photos account? 2017/06/04 3:44pm PDTJun 4, 2017 35 It's not just you—there's a widespread Google Home outage 2017/06/04 12:04pm PDTJun 4, 2017 61 Samsung opens up its browser to some non-Samsung devices on the Play Store 2017/06/04 10:30am PDTJun 4, 2017 29 Motorola rolling out Android 7.1.1 to the Moto Z Play 2017/06/04 8:45am PDTJun 4, 2017 18 Boost for Reddit removed from Play Store for alleged promotion of drugs, still not back after a week 2017/06/04 4:25pm PDTJun 4, 2017 Last 7 Days 28 Google Photos v2.16 prepares to upgrade the camera shortcut, suggest photos to archive, and more [APK Teardown + Download] 2017/05/31 11:36pm PDTMay 31, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] Here are 38 temporarily free and 72 on-sale apps, plus both 0.10 Apps of the Week 2017/05/31 2:08pm PDTMay 31, 2017 501 [Update: New details plus Andy Rubin interview] The Essential phone is official, with an edge-to-edge display and the world's smallest 360-degree camera accessory 2017/05/30 7:48am PDTMay 30, 2017 76 Samsung uploads its Device Maintenance tool to the Play Store 2017/06/03 6:01pm PDTJun 3, 2017 24 Plex Live TV is now available for all Plex Pass subscribers, tuner required 2017/06/01 6:00am PDTJun 1, 2017 Last 30 Days 78 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 88 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 28 Google Photos v2.16 prepares to upgrade the camera shortcut, suggest photos to archive, and more [APK Teardown + Download] 2017/05/31 11:36pm PDTMay 31, 2017 94 The Play Store adopts new app and notification icons with v7.8.16 [APK Download] 2017/05/10 6:25pm PDTMay 10, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Advertise | Contact 118 queries | 0.381s | nexus2 Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
Sections Search Help/Info Subscribe: Digital | Home Delivery Subscribe Help/Info     Breaking News Bar   Business updated: 5/28/2017 8:30 AM How Gmail app's new Smart Reply feature works Facebook Twitter 200 Email Print Comments 0 hello Article to: (required) Article from: (required) Add a message (optional) Success - Article sent! close If you use Google's Gmail app, you may have seen something new pop up on your screen this week: suggested responses for your emails. The move illustrates one way that Google is using its increased focus on artificial intelligence and machine learning. If you're wondering why and how Google can make these suggestions, here are some answers about the feature and how it works. Courtesy of Google   Hayley Tsukayama The Washington Post     If you use Google's Gmail app, you may have seen something new pop up on your screen this week: suggested responses for your emails. The move illustrates one way that Google is using its increased focus on artificial intelligence and machine learning. If you're wondering why and how Google can make these suggestions, here are some answers about the feature and how it works. • What's going on? Google calls the feature Smart Reply, and it's pretty much what it sounds like. Google algorithms are scanning your messages and using the information it gleans to suggest ways that you could reply to any given message. The feature is based off an idea from Gmail engineer Bálint Miklós, Google said in a 2015 blog post. Miklós asked the Google Research team if there was any way to create some tappable template replies in Gmail. There are, after all, plenty of emails to which one could respond with just a "Got it," "Thanks," or "See you soon!" Having some pre-made responses at one's fingertips would save everyone a little more time, Miklós thought. • Why am I seeing this now? Google users have had access to this feature since 2015, but only in Google's smaller and more experimental Inbox app. And the suggestions offered by the feature have been getting steadily more advanced as it's learned from the decisions of more customers. Based on that success, Google has decided it was ready for more general use. • How does it work? Smart Reply relies on machine learning to scan the subject line and body of an email and make suggestions based on what it sees. The company said it has built up a huge bank of anonymized customer messages and response decisions to help accomplish this. It is also designed to remember your individual preferences for things, such as punctuation. So it will be able to adjust its suggestions depending on whether you're a "Thanks!" or "Thanks." type of person. Smart Replies won't appear on every email though, Google said. You're most likely to see response suggestions on emails that can be easily answered with a simple sentence or two. • So ... is someone at Google reading my email? There is no person at Google reading your email, according to Google. Even when research scientists were building the feature and trying to suss out which responses matched which messages, they designed their testing to make sure that no person ever read a Gmail user's email. But it does mean that Google's software is scanning your messages, much in the same way that its spell-checkers and spam filters do right now. Google anonymizes all the data from these tools, but the fact that your messages are being scanned is still worth noting. • Can I turn if off? Yes. You are able to turn off Smart Reply through your settings menu. • How well does it work? Smart Reply suggestions have been getting steadily better as the feature has matured and learned from users' decisions. But it's still not perfect. Language, after all, is a complicated thing. Google researchers Brian Strope and Ray Kurzweil wrote about how difficult it is to parse the sentence, "That interesting person at the cafe we like gave me a glance," in a blog post this week. --- "In proposing an appropriate response to this message we might consider the meaning of the word "glance," which is potentially ambiguous. Was it a positive gesture? In that case, we might respond, "Cool!" Or was it a negative gesture? If so, does the subject say anything about how the writer felt about the negative exchange? A lot of information about the world, and an ability to make reasoned judgments, are needed to make subtle distinctions." --- Plus, our emails, particularly from mobile devices, tend to be riddled with idioms that make no actual sense. Things change depending on context: Something "wicked" could be good or very bad, for example. Not to mention, sarcasm is a thing. Which is all to warn you that you may still get a wildly random and even potentially inappropriate suggestion -- I once got an "Oh no!" suggestion to a friend's self-deprecating pregnancy announcement, for example. If the email only calls for a one- or two-sentence response, you'll probably find Smart Reply useful. If it requires any nuance, though, it's still best to use your own human judgment. Tweet This article filed under: Business Technology Washington Post BizTech Newsletter Article Comments () Guidelines: Keep it civil and on topic; no profanity, vulgarity, slurs or personal attacks. People who harass others or joke about tragedies will be blocked. If a comment violates these standards or our terms of service, click the X in the upper right corner of the comment box. To find our more, read our FAQ. News Sports Business Entertainment Lifestyle Opinion Follow Us Facebook Twitter Google+ Pinterest LinkedIn YouTube About Us Subscribe | Customer Services | Feedback | Advertise | Jobs at Daily Herald | Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | Copyright © 2017 Paddock Publications, Inc.   Winner - 2015 Best Website Illinois Press Association Sections Search Help/Info close Home» Today's stories E-Edition Photos Videos Communities Weather Latest Weekly Ads Sponsored Content 2017 Readers' Choice Daily Herald Events and Contests News» Cook County DuPage County Kane County Lake County McHenry County Crime Chicago State & Region Nation & World Obituaries Politics Sports» High School Bears Blackhawks Bulls Cubs White Sox Horse Racing Fire Sky Wolves Prep Basketball Prep Football Business» Stocks & Markets Finance Health Technology Real Estate Foreclosures Property Transfers Industry Insights Community Publications Progress 2015 Entertainment» Celebrities Movies Dining Literature Music Puzzles Television Theater Events Calendar Suburban Chicago's Got Talent Short & Sweet Theater Reviews Oaklee's Family Guide Lifestyle» Food Health & Fitness Home & Garden Suburban Parent Travel Classic Cars Motorcycling Celebrations Cook of the Week Challenge Fittest Loser Get Your Summer On Room for Living Oaklee's Family Guide Opinion» Letters to the Editor Editorials Classifieds» Place an Ad Autos Real Estate Jobs Property Transfers Merchandise for Sale Business Service Directory Garage Sales Announcements Legal Notices Obituaries» Recent Obituaries Search Obituaries Place an Obituary Shopping» Today's Ads Weekly Sales Flyers Local Businesses Garage Sales Search DailyHerald.com for articles More ways to search Daily Herald Obituaries Search DailyHerald.com obituaries. » Daily Herald newspaper archive Find archived newspaper articles back to 1901. » Digital Subscriptions Activate Subscriber Access Purchase a Digital Subscription Home Delivery Start a New Subscription Manage Account
Articles l l How to Record a Video of Your iPhone or iPad’s Screen How to Rip Blu-Ray Discs With MakeMKV and Handbrake What Is Windows 10 on ARM, and How is It Different From Windows RT? Wi-Fi vs. Ethernet: How Much Better Is a Wired Connection? Subscribe l l FOLLOW US TWITTER GOOGLE+ FACEBOOK GET UPDATES BY EMAIL Enter your email below to get exclusive access to our best articles and tips before everybody else. RSS ALL ARTICLES FEATURES ONLY Search Amazon Echo vs. Google Home: Which One Should You Buy? By Craig Lloyd on May 28th, 2017 Amazon blew the industry wide open with its release of the Echo back in 2014, and has since become the company’s most popular hardware product. However, Google has since gotten in on the fun with the Google Home, a direct Echo competitor that aims to reign supreme. But which one should you buy if you’re in the market for a virtual home assistant? Here are some key points to know about both devices to see which one might be best suited for you. RELATED ARTICLES How to Set Up and Configure Your Amazon Echo How to Set Up Google Home Google Home Is Much More Knowledgeable This should come as no surprise, but when it comes to asking random questions about all sorts of facts, Google Home comes out on top. That’s not to say the Amazon Echo is completely stupid, but in our testing, there were a handful of questions that the Google Home was able to provide an answer, while Alexa simply just replied with “Sorry, I don’t know the answer to your question.” For example, Alexa wasn’t able to answer questions like “What’s the average age of a human being?” (71 years, by the way), but Google Home was able to give me the answer right away. However, Alexa was able to do a better job in some areas, like when I asked both devices “How many movies has Tom Hanks been in?” Alexa was able to come up with the answer (83 films), while Google Home simply just named off a few movies that Hanks directed. Google Home is also able to remember the previous question, which is useful. So if you asked “Who played Woody in Toy Story?”, Google Home would say Tom Hanks, and then you could follow up with “How old is he?” and Google Home would say his age, even though you didn’t directly say “Tom Hanks”. Alexa isn’t able to do this. Overall, Alexa knows some stuff, but Google knows more. Amazon Echo Is Better for Smarthome Users—For Now The Amazon Echo has been around for long enough that it has built up quite the arsenal of supported smarthome devices, including products from Nest, Philips, SmartThings, Belkin, Wink, Insteon, and many more. Google Home supports most of the big players as well, but its full list isn’t quite as extensive. However, both devices integrate with IFTTT, which then allows them to connect to a ton of different products and services that wouldn’t be supported otherwise. It’s not quite as seamless as native integration would be, but it makes Google Home feel less crippled in the smarthome arena. RELATED ARTICLE The Amazon Echo Is What Makes Smarthome Worthwhile So if you’ll be using your virtual home assistant to control all of your smarthome gear (which some argue is what makes these things so great), then the Amazon Echo is probably the one you’ll want to get—at least until Google Home obtains more support for more devices. In any case, you can view Google Home’s full support list of smarthome devices, as well as the Echo’s list. Both Have Great Tastes In Music By default, the Echo uses Amazon’s Prime Music service and Google Home uses Google Play Music, both of which are great sources for streaming tunes. The biggest difference is how many songs each service has in their catalog. Amazon Prime Music only has around two million songs available, whereas Google Play Music has an astounding 35 million songs. You’ll find most popular songs on both services, though. However, Amazon Music Unlimited is a newer service from the company that boasts “tens of millions of songs”. Even if you’re a Prime member, though, you still have to shell out a monthly payment for it. Furthermore, both Prime Music and Google Play Music require a monthly payment, with the smaller Prime Music library included in Amazon’s $99/year Prime service. Besides the defaults, though, both the Echo and Home can link to your Spotify or Pandora accounts, so if you’re committed to one of those music providers instead, it’s no problem. Google Home Has Better Physical Controls Both the Echo and Google Home come with a small handful of controls on the device itself that allow you turn the volume up and down and mute the microphone. However, the Google Home’s control interface allows you to do slightly more. The Echo includes a volume wheel that you spin to turn the volume up or down, and the mute button sits right on top of the device, as well as a button to activate or cancel Alexa. That’s pretty much it. On the Google Home, the entire top surface is a touchpad and it relies on finger gestures to control everything, which are easy to grasp. With it, you can play or pause music, adjust the volume, and activate Google Home to begin listening. However, the microphone mute button sits on the back of the device, which is a slightly awkward place for it. Google Home Lets You Beam (Limited) Content to Chromecast RELATED ARTICLE How to Control Your Kodi Media Center with an Amazon Echo One of the biggest exclusive features of Google Home is its ability to integrate with Chromecast devices, which essentially allows you to control what you want on your TV using your voice. This is possible with the Echo, but it takes a lot of time and effort to make it work (and a home theater PC of some sort). If you have a Chromecast, you can tell Google Home to play a video or a song by saying something like “OK Google, play cat videos to the living room Chromecast” and it’ll begin shuffling cat videos from YouTube on your TV. Keep in mind that this feature only works with YouTube right now. Amazon Echo Integrates with Way More Services Similar to the smarthome support that each device has, the support for general services is a little lacking on Google Home, but there’s a lot you can do on the Amazon Echo. With the Google Home, you can ask for sports scores, news, and even ask for an Uber, but the Echo can do all that and much more, including having Alexa read your Twitter feed aloud and even guide you through the 7-Minute Workout, all thanks to third-party Alexa Skills that you can download. Of course, Google Home will likely add a lot more of these kinds of features in the future, but for now the Echo takes the cake when it comes to all the random stuff it can do. RELATED ARTICLES The Best Third-Party Alexa Skills on the Amazon Echo Six Ways the Amazon Echo Makes the Perfect Kitchen Companion Google Home Can Recognize Individual Voices More than likely there are multiple people living in your house, which means multiple people using the Amazon Echo or Google Home. Both devices have multiple-account support, but only the Google Home knows who exactly it’s talking to. RELATED ARTICLE How to Add Multiple Google Accounts to Google Home This makes it way easier to get information that’s pertinent only to you. So instead of saying something like “Hey Google, what’s on Craig’s calendar for today?” (which would be weird to say my own name), you can instead just say “What’s on my calendar for today?”. The Google Home will recognize your distinct voice and name off upcoming events that are on your calendar and no one else’s. Google Home Let’s You Create Custom Shortcut Commands One feature that I’ve been dying to have on a virtual voice assistant is shortcuts, which are shortened voice commands that can substitute in for longer voice commands. The Google Home lets you do exactly this. In other words, you can set it up so that instead of saying “Hey Google, dim the living room lights to 25%”, you can just say “Hey Google, dim the lights”. The Echo doesn’t let you do this, but hopefully Amazon will kick it up a notch in the near future and add this functionality to Alexa. Both Have Decent Speakers The full-size Echo and the Google Home come with surprisingly robust speakers that sound pretty good—certainly not as good as a dedicated speaker system, but good enough to keep at a respectable volume while you putz around the house. However, the speakers on the Google Home tend to go south the louder you turn them up, so I wouldn’t want to crank the volume if I want to keep the quality decent. Of course, if you have an Echo Dot, you can connect external speakers to it as long as the stereo system you’re plugging in has an auxilary jack. The full-size Echo and the Google Home don’t have audio out ports, so you’re stuck using the built-in speakers on those. Google Home Is Cheaper Perhaps one of the biggest shockers about Google Home is the price. At $129, it undercuts the full-size Amazon Echo by $50, and with many consumers concerned about price first and foremost, the Google Home has the advantage. Of course, the Echo Dot is just $50, but it’s missing the robust built-in speakers that the full-size Echo and Google Home have. We reckon Amazon will compete with this somehow—they already dropped the price permanently from $200 to $180—but it’ll be interesting to see how cheap it gets in the future. There are other small things, of course. For example, “OK Google” doesn’t quite roll off the tongue the way “Alexa” does, which makes a bigger difference than you’d think. Conversely, Google Home comes with a customizable base, which is nice if you want it to fit in better with your home. In the end, both are really good options, and it depends on what you’ll be using it for as far as which one you should go with. The Echo is better for smarthome integration and has slightly better speakers, and it integrates with a lot of different services through third-party Alexa Skills, but the Google Home’s vast search knowledge is likely something that Amazon will never touch, and the Chromecast support is pretty neat if you’re invested in that area. JOIN THE DISCUSSION (11 REPLIES) Got Feedback? Click Here to Join the Discussion Tweet Craig Lloyd writes about smarthome for How-To Geek, and is an aspiring handyman who loves tinkering with anything and everything around the house. He's also a mediocre gamer, aviation geek, baseball fan, motorcyclist, and proud introvert. Published 05/28/17 DID YOU KNOW? The dye is a lie; despite the differences in color, every Fruit Loop in Fruit Loops cereal tastes exactly the same. BEST OF HOW-TO GEEK How to Get the Classic Start Menu Back in Windows 8 10 Quick Ways to Speed Up a Slow Mac 7 Ways To Free Up Hard Disk Space On Windows How to Tweak the New Multi-Monitor Taskbar in Windows 8 or 10 How to Create a Bootable DOS USB Drive Cutting the Cord: Can Buying Episodes and Watching TV Online Be Cheaper Than Cable? What’s the Best Way to Back Up My Computer? Why Old Programs Don’t Run on Modern Versions of Windows (and How You Can Run Them Anyway) 7 Ways To Free Up Disk Space on a MacBook Follow @howtogeek More Articles You Might Like ABOUT About Us Contact Us Discussion Forum Advertising Privacy Policy GET ARTICLES BY EMAIL Enter your email address to get our daily newsletter. FOLLOW US Twitter Facebook Google+ RSS Feed Disclaimer: Most of the pages on the internet include affiliate links, including some on this site. Copyright © 2006-2017 How-To Geek, LLC  All Rights Reserved
Features Reviews Phones Android iPhone Windows Phone Apps Computers Laptops Lenovo Tablets Windows Tutorials Events More Audio Crowfunding Design/Concepts Gadgets Gaming General Photo/Video Web Ubergizmo in French Ubergizmo in German Ubergizmo in Italian Ubergizmo in Spanish Google Makes Searching For Your Own Content Easier With ‘Personal’ Tab By Adnan Farooqui on 05/28/2017 06:31 PDT Google runs a wide variety of services that many people use on a daily basis, services like Google Drive, Docs, Gmail, YouTube, Photos, to name a few. Users normally have a significant amount of data stored across these services and Google is now making it easier for them to search for their content using Google Search. It has added a new “Personal” tab to Google search for precisely this purpose. Google Search already shows a combination of personalized and personal results to users. The new tab will enable users to quickly make all public results disappear so that they can search through all of the content that they have stored across Google’s services to find whatever it is they’re looking for. The tab has been placed in the same location as the News, Images, and Shopping tabs. It can be found at the top of the results page behind the “More” menu. Once selected, it automatically narrows down the search query to the user’s personal content only. They will then see results that include Gmail messages, calendar events, and more from their signed-in accounts. Those who are searching for images can dig deeper in Google Photos or immediately open an image result as and when required. Google’s Personal tab is now live for most users on the web and mobile versions of Google Search. It remains to be seen when it will go live for the Android and iOS apps. Filed in Web. Read more about Google and google search. Source: 9to5google Related Articles 2017-06-02 Google And Wonder Woman Team Up To Teach Girls How To Code 2017-06-02 Google Beefs Up Gmail’s Security 2017-06-01 Chrome Will Start Blocking ‘Annoying’ Ads In 2018 2017-06-01 Google’s Speech Recognition Is Reportedly As Accurate As Humans 2017-06-01 Android Pay Desktop Payments May Be Possible One Day 2016-08-25 Google Adds A Couple Of Cool Games To Search 2016-08-09 Google Now Lets Users In India Order Food 2016-07-17 Google Will Help You With Voter Registration Ahead Of The Elections 2016-07-12 Google Significantly Improves Hotel And Flight Search PewDiePie, YouTube's Biggest Star, Is In Trouble Stop Microsoft From Taking Away Your 15GB OneDrive Free Storage This Is How Much Google Paid The Guy Who Owned Google.com Study Finds You Can’t Count On Most Of Your Facebook Friends These Secret Codes Unlock Netflix’s Hidden Categories Study Finds Quitting Facebook Makes People Happier User Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments
Place an advert Buy a photo Crosswords Like us Follow us Login Register  ° Site Search Phrase News Sport What's On In Your Area Jobs Property Motors Directory Notices Buy&Sell Dating All Crime Education Politics Farming Health Transport Traffic & Travel Nostalgia Letters & Opinion Commerce Cornwall Weather TV Here are the answers to the questions that you have been asking Google about Cornwall By wbchris  |  Posted: May 28, 2017   0 COMMENTS   SHARES What have been people looking up about Cornwall? Here are the answers to the questions that you have been asking Google about... X Share Tweet Share Pin It Email Copy link to paste in your message / What have been people looking up about Cornwall? We take a first look around St Michael's Hotel's new... 2 How to explain the recent terror attacks in London and... 1 St Austell teen could face hip replacement after alleged... 1 Comments (0) Whether it is the opening times of the local shop or someone to fix that pesky leak, the trusty friend you often turn to is Google. And it's no different for the thousands of people who come to Cornwall on their holidays each year or those already living here looking for things to do on a wet Saturday afternoon. But what is it about Cornwall that has you Googling away? The search engine's predictive function gives a hint of the most popular queries. If you start to type a question, the search engine will guess what you want to know before you finish based on other searches - so we found the most popular things people want to know about Cornwall. As self-professed Cornwall experts, we thought we would have a go at tackling your burning questions on our city. Why does Cornwall...? Why does Cornwall need re-branding? Stumped on the first question - never a good start. Well we're not sure Cornwall does need re-branding, and it seems neither is Google. All our search came up with was a load of nonsensical links to old case studies. When it comes to selling itself to visitors, Cornwall is doing just fine, with picture-perfect images such as the below shot of Kynance Cove on the Lizard. Why does Cornwall have a flag? The St Piran's flag is the flag of Cornwall and the earliest known description of the flag as the standard of Cornwall was written back in 1838. It is used by Cornish people and symbol of identity and consists of a white cross on a black background. The flag is attributed to St Piran, the fifth century Cornish abbot and saint. The design is said to represent white tin flowing from the black rock, or good overcoming evil, after a black stone on St Piran's fire leaked a white liquid - and he had discovered tin. Read more: Amazing video captures shark swimming in rockpool Why does Cornwall smell? You catch a whiff of a Cornish pasty, certain shampoo or fresh-cut grass and you're flooded with a heap of fond memories, mostly from your childhood. Known as 'odour-evoked autobiographical memory', there is research that proves odours are effective as reminders of past experience - much more so than cues from other senses. This might be because of the way your brain processes odours and memories. Scents are routed through your olfactory bulb (the smell-analysing region in your brain) which is closely connected to your amygdala and hippocampus - the regions in your brain that deal with memory and emotion. That connection could explain why a smell is tied to strong memories which come flooding back when you're exposed to a particular odour trigger. There's no denying Cornwall is a smelly place, whether you're getting a nose full of something nasty or nice. But even the pungent scents are bound to take you back to sweet childhood memories. Here's Cornwall Live's list of 11 smells that make you realise you're in Cornwall. Why does Cornwall commend edmund? Bit of a left-field one here but it's something to do with a Shakespeare play and nothing for us to worry about. Must be GCSE time of year... What is Cornwall...? What is Cornwall famous for...? According to Google's top hit "Cornwall is famous for its pasties (a type of pie often containing meat), but saffron buns, Cornish Heavy (Hevva) Cake, Cornish fairings (biscuit), Cornish fudge and Cornish ice cream are also common. Cornish clotted cream is a popular topping on splits and on scones". But we experts know it's not just culinary reasons why we're on the map. From Sennen to Looe Beach, Cornwall has miles and miles of golden sand, a beautiful ragged coastline, captivating fishing villages and when we're lucky, pounding surf. We have no shortage of unique celebrations that see thousands parade through the streets and a rich history which once saw the county at the forefront of the global mining industry, to mention just a few. Read more: Try not to laugh - Devon has just been described as a wasteland full of whingers What is Cornwall like...? Very nice thanks. A bit busy during the summer but it's a price worth paying to live here. What is Cornwall like to live in...? Beaches, community culture, countryside, family, slow pace of life, sustainability, childhood memories, small independent businesses, reasonably cheap rental prices compared to inner cities and pasties. When does Cornwall? When does Cornwall die in King Lear...? More Shakespeare, but for those who are interested, he dies off stage after being wounded by one of his servants. Not before plucking out Gloucester's eyes though. When does Cornwallis surrender...? Uh, sorry Google but we specifically asked about Cornwall. Get it right please. But in the American War of Independence British General Charles Cornwallis surrendered his troops in Yorktown, Virginia, in 1781. General Cornwallis brought 8,000 British troops to Yorktown. They expected help from British ships sent from New York. The British ships never arrived and that was lucky for General George Washington and the continental army. The thirteen colonies found their opportunity to beat the world's largest empire. When does Cornwall College start...? In 2016 Cornwall College's autumn term got under way on September 5. Read more: Victim of fatal A30 Roseworthy Dip horror crash named as 27-year-old twin sister When does Cornwall get 4G...? It took us a while but we got there in the end. There are a few spots around Cornwall where you can get 4G mobile coverage. In fact, one of Cornwall's most deprived areas is being transformed into the county's version of Silicon Valley thanks to rapid broadband speeds and some of the most innovative and fastest-growing digital companies in the UK. How does Cornwall...? As you can see, another Shakespeare dominated search other than... How does Cornwall Homechoice work? Cornwall Homechoice is Cornwall Council's register for social housing to rent. This scheme will give you the opportunity to express an interest in properties for which you wish to be considered. Many people from inside and outside the county register in an effort to find a new, more suitable home in the county. Full details here Read more Cornwall news Report this article Read more from Cornwall Live Most Recent Most Commented We take a first look around St Michael's Hotel's new £2... How to explain the recent terror attacks in London and Manchester... St Austell teen could face hip replacement after alleged mistake... Out-of-control caravan caught on dashcam as it jack-knifes and... Prime Minister Theresa May returns to the South West to rally... The Tornado steam locomotive is still in Cornwall - here's how to... Do you have something to say? Leave your comment here... max 4000 characters Comments Newest Oldest Best Rated YOUR COMMENTS AWAITING MODERATION Send me jobs by email Hot Jobs Waiting and Bar Staff Salary : Competitive Support Worker Salary : £7.60 Experienced Administrator Salary : Circa £25,000 Host Families Salary : £510.00 Instructor – Land & Environment Salary : £20,000 - £27,000 pa Activities Co-ordinator Salary : £20,661 per annum Student Data Coordinator x 2 Salary : Circa £20,000 pa Activities Organiser Salary : £7.75 per hour Care workers Salary : £7.75 - £8.25 per hour Scaffolders/Trainee Scaffolders/Apprentice Scaffolders Salary : Good Rates of Pay Child Care Assessor/Tutor Salary : Good Rates of Pay Community Engagement and Triage Worker Salary : up to £18,341 HEAD OF YEAR Salary : £18,984 - £21,578 per annum Trainee Accountant Salary : £16,302 to £27,668 per annum QUANTITY SURVEYOR/ESTIMATOR Salary : Competitive PROJECT MANAGER Salary : Good Rates of Pay 4Work Co-ordinator Salary : £21,000 - £24,000 2 Key Workers Salary : £21,000 - £24,000 Gamechanger Navigator Salary : £21,000 - £24,000 Change Coach Manager Salary : £24,000 - £28,000 Show your pictures Upload your pictures and share with the community! × Report Abuse Name * Email * What is the primary reason you are reporting this message as abusive? General Abuse Profanity Explicit Content Impersonation Harassment Libel Racial Abuse Religious Abuse Spam Private Information Additional Comments? Cancel Report Abuse Related Links News Business Crime Politics Health Transport Polls Blogs Education Entertainment Sport Football Other Sport Cornish Pirates Cricket Rugby Surfing Truro City Our Site Jobs Dating Promotions Letters How to Complain Corrections & Clarifications Buy and Sell Notices Buy a Photo Cars Classifieds Property Places Shopping Estate Agents Restaurants Health and Beauty Hotels and Travel Sport and Leisure Hairdressers Pubs and Bars Attractions Services Tradesmen Business Services Motoring Builders and Construction Gardening Education Taxis & Vehicle Hire Legal Servces Plumbers Copyright © 2017 Local World. All Rights Reserved. Contact Us Privacy & Cookies Terms & Conditions House Rules
NEWS l l CHANNELS GamesBeat AI AR/VR Big Data Bots Business Cloud Dev Entrepreneur Esports Heartland Tech Marketing Media Mobile PC Gaming Security Social Transportation Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Advertise EVENTS l l VB EVENTS Upcoming Events GET INVOLVED Sponsor Speaker Media Partner Volunteer Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Advertise RESEARCH l l CATEGORIES Marketing Tech Mobile Gaming Miscellaneous LEARN MORE VB Top Ten Subscription Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Advertise ‹ NEWS › CHANNELS GamesBeat Esports AI Heartland Tech AR/VR Marketing Big Data Media Bots Mobile Business PC Gaming Cloud Security Dev Social Entrepreneur Transportation ‹ EVENTS › VB EVENTS Upcoming Events GET INVOLVED Sponsor Media Partner Speaker Volunteer ‹ RESEARCH › CATEGORIES Marketing Tech Gaming Mobile Miscellaneous LEARN MORE VB Top Ten Subscription ‹ VENTUREBEAT › About Advertise Careers Contact Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars AR/VR Guest The factions of the mobile AR war Tim Merel@DigiCapitalist May 28, 2017 6:00 AM Above: Augmented reality shooter Fatheri.o Mark Zuckerberg’s “We’re making the camera the first augmented reality platform” was the most important step so far toward mass market AR. Where Pokémon Go gave many consumers their first taste of mobile AR, and Google Tango ushered in the race towards high end mobile AR phones, Facebook’s AR Platform now democratizes mobile AR regardless of hardware. Apple launching an AR enabled iPhone this year or next year could combine with Facebook to kick-start the mobile AR market at scale, and also be the final step towards the next great platform war. Consumers will win as usual, but there will be blood (as we detailed in Digi-Capital’s new Mobile Augmented Reality Report). The platform question Hardware and software platforms are so intertwined that it can be hard to tell the difference, and this has played in Apple’s favor for the last decade. But Apple, Samsung and other phone makers have done such a great job with existing hardware, that this may backfire for mobile AR. Facebook’s AR Platform, for example, has shown exactly how the major social and messaging platforms can play the game using nothing more than a standard smartphone camera. So while device manufacturers roll out new hardware to build an installed base for AR phones, established and startup social/messaging platforms could build a mobile AR ecosystem and user base in a fraction of the time at a fraction of the cost. They’ll also be able to leverage this advantage as dedicated AR phones come to market. What is mobile AR anyway? At one end Pokémon Go is what some industry insiders call “the best worst example of AR”, because its ambient mobile AR is pretty basic. Lovely graphics positioned approximately against the real world on your phone screen, using basic computer vision and positional tracking. Nonetheless it’s introduced mass consumers to mobile AR, and they’ve loved playing with it. At the other end of the spectrum is Google Tango, with hardware based immersive mobile AR driven by integrated hardware and software. Without diving into the technical weeds, Tango phones enable accurate motion tracking, area learning and depth perception in a device that looks much like any other smartphone. The difference comes from a motion tracking camera, a depth sensing camera, an infrared projector, computer vision and Simultaneous Localization And Mapping software. So virtual objects superimposed on the real world appear as you would expect them to if they were really there. But Tango’s time is yet to come in terms of consumer awareness and app ecosystem (though Google, Lenovo and Asus are trying). Facebook and Snap’s software-based immersive mobile AR is a serious contender, as it combines the ubiquity of ambient mobile AR with some of the computer vision and SLAM that previously required dedicated hardware. While Google Tango’s sensors enable heavier duty mobile AR apps, that’s not the problem Facebook and Snap are solving. By plugging immersive software based mobile AR into the largest consumer platforms on the planet, they’re democratizing mobile AR for everyone for free. And free is a good price point. This hasn’t escaped the notice of Tencent in China either. Mark Zuckerberg, Evan Spiegel and Pony Ma didn’t get to where they are by being dummies, and so it is with software based mobile AR. The cool kids There’s another factor in the democratization of mobile AR that Pokémon Go highlighted – demographics. Sixty-eight percent of Pokémon Go users are between 13 and 29 years old. Even though that came from a very specific set of circumstances, it is the largest sample set of mobile AR mass adoption to date. For comparison in terms of major consumer platforms: Eighty-eight percent of Americans from 18 to 29 use Facebook (two-thirds of them use Messenger), 76 percent of U.S. teens own an iPhone (81 percent want their next phone to be one),  75 percent of WeChat users are between 20 and 30, and 60 percent of Snapchat users are between 13 and 24. Spot the pattern? Mobile AR will be adopted by the young. Platforms that can scale mobile AR with 13 to 29 year olds will win. Apple of my eye Tim Cook loves AR, but Apple has been characteristically enigmatic about its plans. We wrote back in January that Apple could launch an AR enabled iPhone this year or next year, with Samsung and others following. But until Tim Cook says “one more thing” about mobile AR, we really don’t know for certain. So let’s think this through. For the last two years we’ve said that Apple is the best-placed of all major tech companies to drive AR, with its end-to-end ecosystem of hardware, software, app store, developers and retail. Combined with iMessage and its renewed push with stickers, an iPhone AR looks like a pretty compelling proposition. But Apple has a problem: Apple. Apple’s closed ecosystem is a huge advantage, but it’s also a weakness. Apple could provide the best and most complete experience for mobile AR, but only for folks who’ve bought a new iPhone AR. Apple expects users to replace iPhones every 3 years, which is a major driver of 200 million plus annual sales. But iPhone 7/7 Plus only makes up around two-thirds of the total. Assuming the iPhone AR is a range-topper that stimulates growth (converting Android users, reducing replacement cycles), we’re looking at an installed base of at first tens and then hundreds of millions of iPhone ARs in a few short years. But Facebook Messenger has 1.2 billion MAU, WeChat has 768 million DAU, Instagram has 400M DAU, WhatsApp Status has 175 million DAU, Snapchat has 160 million DAU. This means it could take Apple well over 5 years to deliver the mobile AR reach Facebook and Tencent potentially have today. Marc Andreessen remains right – software is eating the world. Do androids dream of tangoing sheep? Samsung and Huawei are the largest Android phone makers globally (not forgetting Oppo and Vivo in China), and these two companies could drive the hardware based mobile AR market for the larger Android ecosystem. But Samsung’s S8 and Huawei’s P10 aren’t AR enabled phones, having neither Tango nor their own proprietary AR platforms. So as discussed in January, we’re looking at 2018 as the likely inflection point for Android hardware based mobile AR. There is also the Android ecosystem challenge of the separate Google Play dominating outside China, and a fragmented set of changing players ruling app stores in China. In other words, none of the Android hardware players has the dominant end-to-end mobile AR potential of Apple. Who dares wins Sun Tzu’s “victorious warriors win first, then go to war” is a way of thinking about Mark Zuckerberg kicking off the mobile AR platform war at F8. Facebook’s mobile AR Platform wins outside China. Its user base, platforms (Messenger, Instagram, WhatsApp Status), developer ecosystem, mobile AR developer tools, mobile market experience and financial muscle guarantee its success. Plus Mark Zuckerberg’s got something to prove, justifying his $3 billion entry into VR/AR in the first place (even if that was for a VR company). It’s a really smart move, and it’s going to pay off. Big time. Tencent likely wins in China. The potential dominance of WeChat mobile AR when launched in China is as exciting as Facebook’s AR Platform outside it. The battle has already kicked off during Chinese New Year with Tencent’s versus Alibaba‘s mobile AR Hongbao (traditional red envelopes filled with cash). But the Alibaba opportunity looks very different, as it will be the AR eCommerce leader in China rather than the mobile AR platform leader. Baidu is also layering its wealth of data on the real world, but it too has a different opportunity to Tencent. Apple could become the dominant and most profitable hardware enabled mobile AR player, scaling from zero to hundreds of millions of iPhone AR users by 2021. This could become the innovation for which Tim Cook is remembered, and potentially lead towards Apple’s long term smartglasses dominance going into the next decade (assuming smartglasses solve their 5 big challenges). Apple has been looking for a catalyst to take it beyond Steve Jobs’ legacy, and this could give it a real chance of becoming a 100 year company. Samsung, Huawei and other phone makers could do very well when they start to sell AR phones, but don’t have Apple’s inherent ecosystem advantages. To do more than maintain the status quo, they might need to invest in or acquire totally new capabilities. Otherwise they could miss out on the profits others will make using their mobile AR phones. Google’s Tango is currently geared to enabling a large open mobile AR ecosystem to drive its core search advertising and Google Play revenues, similarly to its current Android approach. However as with Baidu, the mobile AR opportunity to layer its data on the real world could improve its position. Snap is already in the mobile AR business, even if it doesn’t call it that yet. But with a user base much smaller than Facebook/Instagram/WhatsApp Status and a closed platform, Evan Spiegel might think about copying Mark Zuckerberg for a change. No dog in this fight Microsoft still hasn’t announced any play for mobile AR. They’ve got massive assets in mixed reality (HoloLens) and VR (Windows VR), so it depends on whether they see themselves as a consumer or enterprise company long term. Steve Ballmer’s biggest regret is missing out on mobile. Hopefully mobile AR won’t become Satya Nadella’s. Amazon has also stayed quiet on mobile AR, despite reports of experiments with AR stores. If they’re not already working on it, this might be an area where Jeff Bezos could learn from Jack Ma. Know your enemy, know yourself The battle lines for mobile AR have been drawn, and some of the winners were clear before the first shot was fired. While it’s not too late for incumbents and startups in mobile AR, again in the words of Sun Tzu, “I have heard that in war haste can be folly, but have never seen delay that was wise.” Time to saddle up. Tim Merel is Founder/CEO of Menlo Park VR/AR/MR tech developer Eyetouch Reality and AR/VR M&A advisor Digi-Capital. VB Recommendations IBM Research creates a groundbreaking 5-nanometer chip Why shortcuts for Google Home are a total waste of time Are chatbots just another fad?
Login Subscriptions e-Edition eNewsletters Classifieds Real Estate Jobs × Toggle navigation Toggle Search News News Home Local Northwest Politics Schools Crime Nation & World Weather Traffic Health Clark Asks Photo Galleries Video Podcasts Submit Newstip Recent Headlines C-Tran board agrees to 3-year contract with executive director Seat belt patrol logs extra hours It’s strawberry season Battle Ground schools get new leadership Class of 2017 pursues ideals Aerospace industry, led by Insitu, lifts economies of Columbia Gorge communities Jayne: Ilani alters the conversation for Cowlitz Tribe, county Agendas for the week’s government meetings Cyclists, officials pedal through Vancouver’s bike infrastructure Cycling around the city of Vancouver can be a joy -- except for those spots where it's a big problem. Sports Sports Home Local Preps Seahawks Blazers College Soccer Nation & World Community Outdoors Micah Rice Recent Sports Headlines Miranda pitches 4-hitter as Mariners sweep Rays Zunino’s slam, 7 RBIs power Mariners past Rays Miami’s Volquez throws first no-hitter of 2017 Horan scores twice in Thorns’ road win Seahawks not signing Kaepernick, for now Oklahoma beats UW at softball World Series Mariners slug their way past Rays Valeri scores twice to power Timbers Bonneville Dam fish count 6/2 Fans can vote for All-Region soccer Union’s Cranston picks prep academy Cameron Cranston wants to keep his dream of playing NCAA Division I basketball alive, and will take another year in… Business Business Home Local Strictly Business Real Estate Legal Notices Recent Business Stories Ways homebuyers can leap the down-payment hurdle Workers reluctant to take time off Aerospace industry, led by Insitu, lifts economies of Columbia Gorge communities Tech Test: Preparing for the crash: Synology box keeps your data safe Lyft’s first diversity report shows workforce mostly white and male Berko: Just can’t recommend investing in General Motors Health Worker Report Berko: Will the Federal Reserve sell bonds? Kangol comes home: Hat firm’s return to U.S. encounters many challenges Convicted fraud figure arrested again Tech Test: Preparing for the crash: Synology box keeps your data safe Synology might not be a company you’ve heard much about. The technology firm makes network attached storage appliances that can… Life Life Home Local Weekend Events Food Dining Out Submit a Milestone Pets Podcasts Movie Listings Recent Life Stories Leo seriously great in show about laughs Podcaster mixes humor and politics ‘Jurassic World’ exhibit is mix of art, science How ‘Wonder Woman’ director Patty Jenkins cracked the superhero-movie glass ceiling Mayim Bialik pens guide for young girls Holy Fire burns in U.S. for first time Takei slams racist criticism of ‘Star Trek’ Check It Out: Sign up for fun with the Summer Reading program Big brands wake up to demand for modest fashion Clark County’s culture of cycling is growing Check It Out: Sign up for fun with the Summer Reading program It’s almost Summer Reading time at the library — yahoo! In case you thought the Summer Reading program was just… Opinion Opinion Home Editorials Letters to the Editor Columns Press Talk Greg Jayne Endorsements Editorial Cartoons Polls Forums Recent Opinion Stories In Our View: Plan Ahead for Parking Jayne: Ilani alters the conversation for Cowlitz Tribe, county Harrop: U.S. happiness rank is sad Wyman: Libraries provide valuable services, deserve federal support Will: Hail Buckley, conservatism’s shining star Griffin’s Trump stunt was offensive Letter: Bridge group is on right path Letter: Trump is, above all, a realist Letter: Travel ban misses its target Letter: Demand answers from Trump Editorial Cartoons, June 4-10 Blogs Staff Blogs Home All Politics is Local Blazer Banter Cannabis Chronicles Clark County Faces Digital Desk High School Sports HealthBeat History Recent Blog Posts Community Cat Tales Corks and Forks FYI98642 Home Made Gardening with Allen Paleo Mama Portland Timbers Sherri McMillan Small Plates Sugar and Spice Neighbors Neighbors Garage Sales Datacenter Events Vital Statistics Death Notices Reader Photos Farm Fresh Clubs and Organizations Community News Uptown Village parking worries on the rise with growth Everybody Has a Story: Bear bite was ticket to family attention You Can Help In the Service Students raise money to purchase iPods for Alzheimer’s patients Camas horse rider wins state title Washougal High School students honored for STEM work Local boy collects donations for homeless at birthday party Hit-and-run victim receives donated wheelchair Riders donate cash to coffee house Uptown Village parking worries on the rise with growth Vancouver’s Uptown Village is, quite literally, on the rise. Obituaries Obituary Home Submit Paid Obituary Submit Free Death Notice More Blogs Neighbors Obituaries Business Directory Weekly Deals Best of Clark County Place an Ad Classifieds Legal Notices Jobs Wheels Real Estate Garage Sales Login | Subscribe News News Home Local Northwest Politics Schools Crime Nation & World Weather Traffic Press Talk Health Clark Asks Photo Galleries Video Podcasts Submit Newstip Subscriptions e-Edition eNewsletters Sports Sports Home Local Preps Seahawks Blazers College Soccer Nation & World Community Outdoors Micah Rice Business Business Home Local Strictly Business Economic Forecast Real Estate Legal Notices Life Life Home Local Weekend Events Food Dining Out Submit a Milestone Pets Podcasts Movie Listings Opinion Opinion Home Editorials Letters to the Editor Columns Greg Jayne Endorsements Editorial Cartoons Polls Forums Blogs All Politics is Local Blazer Banter Preps HealthBeat All Blogs Neighbors Neighbors Garage Sales Datacenter Events Vital Statistics Death Notices Reader Photos Farm Fresh Clubs and Organizations Obituaries Obituary Home Submit Paid Obituary Submit Free Death Notice More Find a Business Weekly Deals Place an Ad Classifieds Legal Notices Jobs Wheels Real Estate Google to connect ads to purchase Tracking tools will tell if online hunt ends in in-store buy Google’s web address (AP Photo/Matt Rourke) By MICHAEL LIEDTKE, Assocoated Press Published: May 28, 2017, 6:05 AM A   A SAN FRANCISCO — Google already monitors your online shopping — but now it’s also keeping an eye on what you’re buying in physical stores to try to sell more digital advertising. Google’s computers will be trying to connect the dots between what people look at after clicking on an online ad and what they purchase with their credit and debit cards at one of the advertiser’s brick-and-mortar stores. For instance, if someone searching for a pair of running shoes online clicked on an ad from a sporting goods store but didn’t buy anything, an advertiser might initially conclude that the ad was a waste of money. With the new tool, Google says it will now be able to tell if the same person bought the shoes a few days later at a physical store. • MINING CREDIT-CARD DATA Google says it has access to roughly 70 percent of U.S. credit and debit card transactions through partnerships with other companies that track that data. By scanning this data, Google says it can automatically inform merchants when their digital ads translate into sales at a brick-and-mortar store. If the program works, it could help persuade merchants to boost their digital marketing budgets. But it could also deepen worries among privacy watchdogs, who are already concerned about the digital dossiers that Google has compiled on users of its search engine and other services, including Gmail, YouTube and Android. • GOOGLE’S OPPORTUNITY The Mountain View, Calif., company already runs the world’s biggest online ad network, one that raked in $79 billion in revenue last year. That puts it in the best position to capture any additional marketing dollars spent on computers and mobile devices. Google plans to unveil the store-sales measurement tool Tuesday in San Francisco at an annual conference it hosts for its advertisers. This meeting is an opportunity not only for Google to flaunt its new tools, but to work on regaining ground with advertisers who have recently boycotted YouTube. Major advertisers began pulling back two months ago over concerns that Google hadn’t prevented major brand advertising from appearing alongside video clips promoting hate and violence. • SMARTER TRACKING Google is also introducing new ways to help merchants drive more traffic to their physical stores and to gain a better understanding on how digital ads appearing across a variety of devices are affecting their sales. Most of these new analytics draw upon Google’s inroads in “machine learning” — a way of “training” computers to behave more like humans — to interpret the data. Google’s search engine and Chrome browser are a rich source of data about people’s interests and online activities that it can feed into machine-learning systems. • DIGITAL DOSSIERS Google says its computers can collect identifying data triggered by online clicks and match it with other identifying information compiled by merchants and the issuers of credit and debit cards to figure out when a digital ad contributes to an offline purchase. Google’s tool won’t work for cash payments or the 30 percent of U.S. card transactions that Google can’t currently access. Shoppers remain anonymous, meaning they aren’t identified by their names, according to Google. And the company says it doesn’t share any of its anonymized information with its customers; instead, it targets ads at individuals who fit demographic profiles sought by advertisers. Please take a second to review our community guidelinesCommunity guidelines Blogs Staff Blogs Home All Politics is Local Blazer Banter Brews in Clark Cannabis Chronicles Clark County Faces Digital Desk Family Room Ghost Stories High School Sports HealthBeat History Political Beat Tailgate Talk Community It's the Fair! Corks and Forks Local+Arts = Community FYI98642 Home Made Gardening with Allen Health Notes Mother Bird Portland Timbers Sated Sensitive Sherri McMillan Small Plates Sugar and Spice Vancouveater more Want more local business news? Sign up for our Business Newsletter. HERE Subscriber Services Contact Us Subscribe Home Delivery Issues Delivery Opportunities Archives e-Edition Tour the e-Edition eNewsletters RSS Help / Submissions Send us a News Tip or Photo Send a Letter to the Editor Submit an Event Have you seen? Clark County History Newspapers in Education Advertise with us Advertising Classifieds Online Jobs Place an Ad Real Estate Community Partnership Neighborhood Beats Battle Ground Camas-Washougal Hazel Dell North County Ridgefield Salmon Creek-Felida Vancouver Community Resources Places of Worship Resource Guide Events Calendar Most Searched Archives Best of Clark County Coupons Clubs and Organizations Death Notices Legal Notices Obituaries Rentals Vital Statistics Weather Connect Facebook Twitter Apps Galleries Videos Digital Services Web Design SEO Visibility Management Search Facebook Twitter YouTube RSS Subscribe Privacy Policy Terms of Service Community Guidelines Columbian Publishing Company Careers Copyright 2017 Columbian.com. All rights reserved. Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our user agreement.
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us ... Google for Jobs going live for some people Corbin Davenport Follow View All Posts 2017/05/27 4:31pm PDTMay 27, 2017 19 Plus 1 on G+ 74 Share on Facebook 81 Share on Twitter Total Shares174 Google News Back at Google I/O, a new initiative was announced called 'Google for Jobs.' As you might be able to guess from the name, it is designed to make finding job openings easier and more effective - for both applicants and employers. The feature appears to be going live on Google Search, at least for some users. Currently, searching something like "barista jobs" just returns a list of results from job listing sites. With Google for Jobs, you get a much cleaner interface with more details, plus modifiers like 'Full-time' and 'Starbucks.'    Left: Current layout; Center, Right: New layout This doesn't seem to be live yet for everyone, including myself, but let us know in the comments if you see it. Thanks: Jose Tags Google google for jobs jobs work subscribe ... Previous Story [Deal Alert] Get a 3-pack Arlo Pro security system for $450 ($130 off), if you have Amazon Prime ... Next Story [Deal Alert] Several movies and TV episodes on Google Play are on sale for Memorial Day Trending 78 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 88 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 Comments Paul_Werner Yeah this went live for me the same day they announced it. I'm still waiting on the new YouTube UI & the YouTube Go Live features though matteventu Are you from the US? Mattwmaster58 I'm from canada and it works for me Paul_Werner Yup Mattwmaster58 Youtube UI you gotta opt in @ https://www.youtube.com/new Izzie I didn't opt in and got the new interface yesterday? Mattwmaster58 I guess they are rolling this out :P Vratislav Jindra How about doing something about that ugly grey status bar, Google? I get it at the search results page which is also grey (a bit lighter), but not when there is a blue action bar right underneath it. Also the shadow under the status bar from KitKat era in the main screen of Google App seems weird. Sometimes I wonder what they pay their designers for, when they can't get this basic sh*t straight. Kristinatskaggs Google is paying 97$ per hour! Work for few hours & have longer with friends and family! !dq75c: On tuesday I got a great new Land Rover Range Rover from having earned $8752 this last four weeks.. Its the most-financialy rewarding I've had.. Follow this link for more information !dq75c: ➽➽ ➽➽;➽➽ http://GoogleFinancialCashJobs365DirectRockGetPaid$97/Hour... ★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫::::::!dq75c:....,........ Vratislav Jindra Oh for f*ck's sake, stop it. Powsniffer0110 Your problem is youre on KitKat buddy. Try upgrading Vratislav Jindra I'm on Nougat, buddy. Don't tell me that your Google App's main screen doesn't have this ridiculous status bar. https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/fa83a4890e2557e740128d564e6f804416ed73f61787acbc9deac5bd323268f3.png BehemothPL It's nice to see Chicago metro in the article :) Alejandro Steve? ddevito JOBS JOBS JOBS let's vote for JOBS! Yeeeeaaaaaaaaaaaa you've got karma! alwaysonthemove ITM Grunty I got coffee at that starbucks yesterday. Logan Snyder Weird, the old layout had squiggly looking black rectangles. instinct I listened to a Steve Jobs audio clip right before reading this headline, and it threw me off. makapav Vote up if you immediately went and searched for barista jobs after reading this post. Daniellejbergeron Google is paying 97$ per hour! Work for few hours & have longer with friends and family! !dw174c: On tuesday I got a great new Land Rover Range Rover from having earned $8752 this last four weeks.. Its the most-financialy rewarding I've had.. Follow this link for more information !dw174c: ➽➽ ➽➽;➽➽ http://GoogleFinancialCashJobs464MarketFlightGetPaid$97/Hour... ★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫::::::!dw174c:....,...... Evan Hart I get the job done from ease and comfort of my home, through doing easy jobs that only usually takes from you a Desk top together with on-line connection and Now I am more satisfied than ever before... After half a year on this work and therefore i obtained paid for totally Thirty six Thousand usd... Basically I generate close to 80 bucks/hr and work for 3 to 4 hrs day-after-day.And marvelous factor concerning this task is usually that you can easily supervise your time when you do the job and for how much time as you wish for and you achieve a check week by week.----->>>> learn by clicking here how to do it right now Christopher Phillips I do the job from comfort and ease of my property or home, via easy projects that only takes from you a Desktop and connection to the internet and I am just more successful than ever before... After half a year in this project and i obtained compensated for overall Thirty six Thousand bucks... Basically I generate near 80 bucks/hour and also work for three to four hours time on a regular basis.And spectacular factor regarding this work is the fact you can arrange your time while you get the job done and for just how long as you prefer and you attain a check week by week.>>>> learn by clicking here how to do it right now Rob The problem is finding actual jobs associated with postings in any platform. A lot of the time, these aren't serious openings. Follow Android Police 1.49M 472k 145k 119k Latest Deals 9 [Deal Alert] Chromecast Ultra is $59.99 ($10 off) at Google Store, Best Buy, B&H and others 2017/06/04 12:16pm PDTJun 4, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] Google Home is $109 ($20 off) at Best Buy, Google Store, B&H, and others 2017/06/04 10:07am PDTJun 4, 2017 12 [Deal Alert] Kick off the weekend with 24 temporarily free and 52 on-sale apps 2017/06/03 6:50pm PDTJun 3, 2017 18 [Deal Alert] Get a Nextbit Robin for $129.99 on eBay 2017/06/03 9:39am PDTJun 3, 2017 33 [Deal Alert] A Stork's Journey is currently free on Google Play Movies & TV 2017/06/01 10:50pm PDTJun 1, 2017 Latest Poll How many photos are on your Google Photos account? Under 100 100-999 1,000-2,499 2,500-4,999 5,000-9,999 10,000-19,999 20,000-39,999 More than 40,000. View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 67 Asus ZenFone 3 Zoom review: A promising phone that falls victim to bad software and cut corners 2017/05/31 2:21pm PDTMay 31, 2017 113 AOSPA (Paranoid Android) review: back from the dead, and we're thrilled 2017/05/31 9:47am PDTMay 31, 2017 29 Tag Heuer Connected Modular 45 review: It seems like $1,500 should get you more 2017/05/29 9:57am PDTMay 29, 2017 74 [Update, G+ Post] Francisco Franco makes his productivity timer 5217 free to try 2017/05/16 10:01am PDTMay 16, 2017 290 HTC U11 hands-on: HTC gets a little closer to the mark 2017/05/16 12:02am PDTMay 16, 2017 Latest Roundups 13 29 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/24/17 - 5/31/17) 2017/05/31 10:20am PDTMay 31, 2017 8 10 new and notable Android apps from the last week (5/23/17 - 5/29/17) 2017/05/29 12:49pm PDTMay 29, 2017 13 31 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/17/17 - 5/23/17) 2017/05/23 3:06pm PDTMay 23, 2017 16 12 new and notable Android apps and live wallpapers from the last week (5/16/17 - 5/22/17) 2017/05/22 12:48pm PDTMay 22, 2017 16 29 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/10/17 - 5/16/17) 2017/05/16 4:22pm PDTMay 16, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 18 Boost for Reddit removed from Play Store for alleged promotion of drugs, still not back after a week 2017/06/04 4:25pm PDTJun 4, 2017 112 Weekend poll: How many photos are synced to your Google Photos account? 2017/06/04 3:44pm PDTJun 4, 2017 28 Tasker beta v5 brings a fresh Material Design look and a huge list of other changes 2017/06/03 7:27pm PDTJun 3, 2017 12 [Deal Alert] Kick off the weekend with 24 temporarily free and 52 on-sale apps 2017/06/03 6:50pm PDTJun 3, 2017 76 Samsung uploads its Device Maintenance tool to the Play Store 2017/06/03 6:01pm PDTJun 3, 2017 Blast from the Past 60 1 Year Ago Today More Motorola Leaks: 'Style Mod' Replaceable Covers For The Moto X/Z And DROID Come In A Variety Of Materials 2016/06/04 12:27pm PDTJun 4, 2016 40 2 Years Ago Today Chrome Beta v44 Comes With Improvements To 'Native App' And 'Add To Homescreen' Banners, New Push API Features, And More [APK Download] 2015/06/04 5:14pm PDTJun 4, 2015 129 3 Years Ago Today YouTube v5.7 For Android Finally Lets You Select Exact Streaming Quality, As Long As It's 720p Or Lower [APK Download] 2014/06/04 6:16pm PDTJun 4, 2014 3 4 Years Ago Today Google Posts Glass XE6 Factory Image For Your Flashing Pleasure 2013/06/04 8:31pm PDTJun 4, 2013 16 5 Years Ago Today [Update: Pre-Orders Are Live] Sprint Announces The Galaxy S III Available June 21, Pre-Orders Start June 5 - $199 For 16GB, $249 For 32GB 2012/06/04 10:55pm PDTJun 4, 2012 327 6 Years Ago Today [Book Giveaway #2] Looking To Get Into Android Development? We're Giving Away "Hello, Android" To A Lucky Reader 2011/06/04 7:16pm PDTJun 4, 2011 2 7 Years Ago Today HTC EVO 4G OTA Update Comes Out In Time For Launch, Fixes SD Card Problems, Patches Security Issues, But Disables Root - Available Via WiFi As Well 2010/06/04 6:44pm PDTJun 4, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 112 Weekend poll: How many photos are synced to your Google Photos account? 2017/06/04 3:44pm PDTJun 4, 2017 35 It's not just you—there's a widespread Google Home outage 2017/06/04 12:04pm PDTJun 4, 2017 61 Samsung opens up its browser to some non-Samsung devices on the Play Store 2017/06/04 10:30am PDTJun 4, 2017 29 Motorola rolling out Android 7.1.1 to the Moto Z Play 2017/06/04 8:45am PDTJun 4, 2017 18 Boost for Reddit removed from Play Store for alleged promotion of drugs, still not back after a week 2017/06/04 4:25pm PDTJun 4, 2017 Last 7 Days 28 Google Photos v2.16 prepares to upgrade the camera shortcut, suggest photos to archive, and more [APK Teardown + Download] 2017/05/31 11:36pm PDTMay 31, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] Here are 38 temporarily free and 72 on-sale apps, plus both 0.10 Apps of the Week 2017/05/31 2:08pm PDTMay 31, 2017 501 [Update: New details plus Andy Rubin interview] The Essential phone is official, with an edge-to-edge display and the world's smallest 360-degree camera accessory 2017/05/30 7:48am PDTMay 30, 2017 76 Samsung uploads its Device Maintenance tool to the Play Store 2017/06/03 6:01pm PDTJun 3, 2017 24 Plex Live TV is now available for all Plex Pass subscribers, tuner required 2017/06/01 6:00am PDTJun 1, 2017 Last 30 Days 78 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 88 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 28 Google Photos v2.16 prepares to upgrade the camera shortcut, suggest photos to archive, and more [APK Teardown + Download] 2017/05/31 11:36pm PDTMay 31, 2017 94 The Play Store adopts new app and notification icons with v7.8.16 [APK Download] 2017/05/10 6:25pm PDTMay 10, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Advertise | Contact 122 queries | 0.680s | hive Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
Features Reviews Phones Android iPhone Windows Phone Apps Computers Laptops Lenovo Tablets Windows Tutorials Events More Audio Crowfunding Design/Concepts Gadgets Gaming General Photo/Video Web Ubergizmo in French Ubergizmo in German Ubergizmo in Italian Ubergizmo in Spanish AlphaGo Retiring From Competitive Go By Adnan Farooqui on 05/28/2017 05:06 PDT Google’s DeepMind division has created the artificial intelligence-powered AlphaGo which has taken on some of the best players of the ancient Chinese board game Go and has beaten them. It recently took on Ke Jie who is currently ranked as the world’s best player of Go. AlphaGo beat Ke Jie 3-0 at the Future of Go Summit in Wuzhen, China. Google’s DeepMind division has now confirmed that AlphaGo is retiring from competitive Go. DeepMind co-founder and co-CEO Demis Hassabis confirmed that AlphaGo will not be participating in any competitive Go matches from now on. He said that this decision was made because AlphaGo’s victory at the summit represented “the highest possible pinnacle for AlphaGo as a competitive program.” AlphaGo had its first taste of victory against a legendary Go player Lee Se-dol. It defeated him 4-1 in a match that took place in Seoul, South Korea. The scheduled match between AlphaGo and Ke Jie was closely matched as many were impressed by the program’s ability to take on some of the best human players of the complex game. The team behind AlphaGo is not going to rest on its laurels, though. It’s now going to work on the next set of grand challenges which include developing advanced general algorithms that could one day help scientists as they tackle some of our most complex problems, such as finding new cures for diseases, dramatically reducing energy consumption, or inventing revolutionary new materials,” says Hassabis. Filed in Computers. Read more about Google. Related Articles 2017-06-02 Google And Wonder Woman Team Up To Teach Girls How To Code 2017-06-02 Google Beefs Up Gmail’s Security 2017-06-01 Chrome Will Start Blocking ‘Annoying’ Ads In 2018 2017-06-01 Google’s Speech Recognition Is Reportedly As Accurate As Humans 2017-06-01 Android Pay Desktop Payments May Be Possible One Day Hold On Tight, Your Flights In The Future Could Get A Lot Bumpier Samsung Galaxy S8 VS LG G6 In Speed Test Company In Sweden Embeds Microchips Into Its Employees Some Facebook Users Are Seeing A New Rocket Icon In The App Google Pulls The Plug On Its Map Maker Service Some Nintendo Switch Owners Are Reporting Warped Consoles User Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments
gulfnews.com no longer supports Internet Explorer 8 or earlier. Please upgrade your browser.LEARN MORE ? Enter your keyword sign inorRegister now Mobile Site GN Network Aquarius The monthly women's lifestyle magazine offering real solutions for real women. Friday The most read magazine in the UAE. Lively, intelligent and thought-provoking. GN Focus Focused reports on events, business and lifestyle. In depth, insightful, influential. Inside Out An inspiring home interiors magazine showcasing the best interior design. tabloid! The No. 1 source for entertainment, lifestyle & fashion in the UAE. Weekend Review In-depth look at issues behind the news, with sections on people, books and art. Wheels A weekly motoring magazine packed with the latest local and global motoring news, reviews and views. GNTECH Gadget soup for the techy soul. News and reviews with our own irreverent spin Baby & Child From pregnancy to playdates in the UAE Gulf News Store Buy latest products from our online store Classifieds Autos Get the car you’ve always wanted Property Your ideal home is within easy reach Jobs The next step in your career Classifieds Finding, buying & selling made easy Apps App for iPhone The official Gulf News app tailored for iOs phones App for Android Mobile The official Gulf News app tailored for Android phones App for iPad Gulf News made highly readable for Apple's iPad Gulf News mobile Fast, lightweight, perfect for mobile browsing SMS alerts The fastest way to find out about breaking stories Cricket App Live cricket action direct to your phone Good Living App Hundreds of offers direct to your phone Subscribe Gulf News Subscribe Now Aquarius Subscribe Now Xpress Subscribe Now Inside Out Subscribe Now Wheels Subscribe Now Baby & Child Subscribe Now Quick Links E-Paper Digital version of today’s newspaper, exactly as it is in print. Mobile Version The fast and light-weight mobile version of GulfNews.com. Advertising Guide Get your brand seen in the region's most read newspaper. SMS News Alerts The fastest way to hear about major breaking stories. Goodliving 100s of offers, half price deals, 2 for 1s - and more. Contact Us Have something you want to tell us, a question, or complaint? Gulf News Store Buy latest products from our online store SHARES MEDIA June 5, 2017 | Last updated less than one minute ago ---- 24KGold-- oil--   Hot Topics: Ramadan 2017 War of 1967 UAE holidays Gold Rate Weather Horoscope The GN Store UAE News Business Business Podcast Data Commodities Currencies top stories in Data Why gold fans should brace for higher prices Gold hits biggest fall since March Dubai gold prices spike, up Dh10/gram Gold Rate Sectors12 Markets9 Automotives1 Banking3 Construction Employment Features General Investment1 Media Careers Energy57 Retail1 Shipping Technology1 Telecoms Tourism top stories in Sectors F&B retail makes malls red hot these days UAE pavilion at Expo Astana ready Dana Gas to name advisers for Islamic debt Aviation3 Live Flights top stories in Aviation Iata AGM to discuss electronics ban ADAFZ grants 200th licence Barcelona moves to low-cost, long-haul flights Economy6 Property3 GN Property top stories in Property Ex-Damac Properties chief joins Saudi developer Wasl launches building cluster for hotel staff New payment plan for Anantara Money1 Dirhams and Dollars1 Visas Analysis2 Sport Opinion Leisure Life&Style Culture Guides Multimedia Your Say In Focus Google linking online and offline worlds in new ad challenge ‘Google Attribution’ is in test mode with a limited number of partners and will be rolled out to more advertisers in coming weeks Published: 14:19 May 28, 2017 AFP   SMALL MEDIUM LARGE San Francisco: Google is testing a way to tie online ads to brick-and-mortar store purchases, a move whetting marketing appetites while fuelling privacy worries. A product called “Google Attribution” was unveiled at a marketing conference this month in San Francisco by the internet giant. Google has long been able to determine when users click on an ads and make a purchase, but linking online and offline habits takes its analytics a step further. Google senior vice president Sridhar Ramaswamy, who announced that Attribution is in test mode with a limited number of partners and will be rolled out to more advertisers in coming weeks, touted the tool as being able to answer the long-challenging question of whether marketing campaigns are working. “Google Attribution makes it possible for every marketer to measure the impact of their marketing across devices and across channels,” Ramaswamy said. “Data-driven attribution uses machine learning to determine how much credit to assign to each step in the consumer journey — from the first time they engage with your brand for early research down to the final click before purchase.” Real-world customer email addresses or loyalty plan information can be woven with Google data from services such as AdWords, Google Analytics and DoubleClick Search to provide “a complete view” of marketing performance, according to the company. Using artificial intelligence, or machine learning, to better analyse and understand consumer behaviour to target ads and promote sales was a major theme of the conference. For several years now, AdWords has enabled advertisers to measure visits to real-world stores stemming from online campaigns, Ramaswamy noted. “Still, measuring store visits is just one part of the equation,” Ramaswamy said. “You also need insights into how your online ads drive sales for your business.” Real-world transactions matched back to Google ads are handed in “a secure and privacy-safe way,” with store sales information reported in aggregated and anonymised forms to protect individual privacy, according to the company. Tying online activity to offline shopping decisions has been a “holy grail” for advertisers for quite some time, and comes with worrisome privacy implications, according to ACLU senior policy analyst Jay Stanley. Attribution threatens to intrude on a core tenant of privacy, that people can have dealings with one party not spill over into affairs with other parties they interact with, Stanley contended. “This is an evolution, not a revolution; another step toward increased monitoring of individuals,” Stanley said. “Each step raises the question ‘Where does this all stop?’” Stanley expected Google to be on its best behaviour when it came to handling the growing trove of information about users, but that even the best of intentions could crack under the “enormous hydraulic pressure of the profit motive.” “We have the full fury and genius of the capitalist system being driven toward monitoring people in ever increasing detail and companies are competing to do so,” Stanley said “It will not stop without some sort of rules in which we as a society express our values through legal protections.” Google and Facebook dominate the online ad world, and what one does to prove its worth to advertisers is likely to be copied by the other, according to Silicon Valley analyst Rob Enderle of Enderle Group. Attribution promised to give Google a way to assure advertisers they are getting their money’s worth at the firm’s online venues. “The big problem is that showing conversion from ad consumption to purchase has been horrible,” Enderle said of online marketing. “This has been a problem for a long time. Google is trying to make a metric so they get credit for it when you do purchase after viewing an ad.” Data showing which ads are translating into real sales should mean that the relevance of ads people see online will improve as marketers abandon mis-aimed or ineffectively tailored messages, the analyst reasoned. “You are going to be hit with ads for things that you might actually want to buy, so you are going to spend a lot more money,” Enderle predicted. Worries about privacy sparked by linking offline and online activities are a decade or so late, because the time to protest was when collection began of the troves of data about people, the analyst argued. “There really is no downside to this application,” Enderle said while discussing Google’s marketing metrics move. “This is the good side of collecting data; it is what else is being done with the data that should be unnerving and that we really don’t know.” More from Media EPA aims to make UAE a publishing heavyweight New York Times offers employee buyouts A Rolls that is much more than a limited edition US networks show glimpse of new ad possibilities Fashion portal comfortable with brick-and-mortar Other US studios eye Disney’s toy advantage Secret lives of Cannes' Instagram queens Lowe’s weak quarter in contrast to retail rival tags from this storyFacebook follow this tag on MGNGoogle follow this tag on MGN filed underGulfNewsBusinessSectorsMedia tagsFacebook follow this tag on MGN+ MGNGoogle follow this tag on MGN+ MGN Also In MediaEPA aims to make UAE a publishing heavyweight Business Gallery Doors open to a three-day super sale Mohammad launches Marsa Al Arab project Business Videos PlayAbu Dhabi Ship Building enjoys growing success Strata UAE leads aerospace manufacturing FOLLOW US Most Popular ViewedCommentedVideosPictures 01EPA aims to make UAE a publishing heavyweight 02US networks show glimpse of new ad possibilities 03Fashion portal comfortable with brick-and-mortar Play Abu Dhabi Ship Building enjoys growing success Nov 24, 2016 Play Emirates opens SkyPharma in Dubai Sep 18, 2016 Play Video: Electronics fiesta as Gitex opens Oct 01, 2016 Play Britain is open for business Sep 20, 2016 13Images Mohammad launches Marsa Al Arab project May 15, 2017 2Images China’s home-grown C919 passenger jet takes off May 05, 2017 15Images First ‘Silk Road’ train leaves UK for China Apr 11, 2017 8Images Dubai’s next big mall gets into project mode Mar 16, 2017 Currency Converter first-currency currencyAEDDinarRupee= first-currency currencyINRDinarRupee Gulf News Brand Report   newspaper101,358 average daily circulation   WEB1,891,986 Gulf News average unique browsers   MOBILE1,729,966 mobile average unique browsers   FACEBOOK1,910,659 average Facebook likes *FOR THE 6 MONTH PERIOD ENDED JUNE 2016DOWNLOAD PDF Most Popular on Gulf News Woman killed minutes before ending fast UK PM says enough is enough after attack Woman arrested for stealing Dh11 million Over 50,000 private sector firms fined Saudi, Bahrain, Egypt, UAE cut ties with Qatar Palm residents caught in beach dispute Shah Rukh Khan slams Ramez after prank Sisters die trapped inside father's car Double tragedy as son, mum die days apart Close Recommended For You Why BTS are the K-pop kings of social mediaPUBLISHED ON Jun 04, 2017 Corbyn shows a new way of doing politicsPUBLISHED ON Jun 04, 2017 Saudi, Bahrain, Egypt, UAE cut ties with QatarPUBLISHED ON Jun 05, 2017 Feedback Get The Paper Our Apps Mobile friendly version Our location Advanced Search Sitemap MY GULF NEWS GulfNews.com is the most widely read newspaper, and online site in English in the Middle East. With a daily BPA audited paid circulation of over 108,000, and an online audience of 3.5 million uniques every month, it is your go to source for information on the region. Sign up below to begin personalising your experienceRegister now News Business Sport Leisure Guides Opinion Multimedia In Focus Life&Style Culture Your Say Enter your keyword follow usRssFollow us on FacebookFollow us on TwitterFollow us on google plus Sign up for newsletterSign Up PreviousNext © Al Nisr Publishing LLC 2017. All rights reserved GN Media How to follow Gulf News History of GulfNews Key Dates Community Advertise Print Direct Marketing Digital About Gulf News Journalism ethics Ethics Policy Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Readers' Policy FAQs Open Calais Careers at Gulf News How to find Gulf News Contact Us Print Subscriptions MGN New GulfNews.com: A considerable step forward in terms of user experience
Home Latest News Nation World Business Cities Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Technology Opinion Education Photos Videos Explained Good News Trending Astrology Photo News Today’s Paper See More See Less Search for:   Nation World Cities Opinion Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Technology Viral Photos Videos Blogs ePaper Latest News India dodge rain, crush Pakistan in insipid opener Indian Army to open doors to women in combat roles: General Bipin Rawat Rajiv Gandhi’s statue damaged, Congress declares protest School principal held in Bihar topper case Day two of NIA raids: Hurriyat leader, businessmen’s homes searched London Bridge terror attack live updates: Vehicle rampage in one area, stabbing in Borough market, 7 feared dead Germany will allow protests at G20: Answer is in conversation Mamata Banerjee pens song for West Bengal, designs ‘unique’ state emblem A little fact-check of Honourable Judge’s cow order in Rajasthan My target is to create 5 crore jobs in the future, and add 3 per cent to the nation’s GDP: Nitin Gadkari Home Technology Tech News Google Search adds Personal tab, will show content from email and photos Google Search adds Personal tab, will show content from email and photos Google Search has a new 'Personal' tab, which will show results from private sources like email, Google Photos By: Tech Desk | New Delhi | Updated: May 29, 2017 1:10 pm Google Search adds Personal Tab, and here is how the feature works. Related News Google will pay upto $200,000 for finding a bug in Android OS Google Chrome to block some ‘annoying’ ads starting next year Donald Trump pulls US out of Paris climate deal: Elon Musk to Tim Cook, top reactions from tech CEOs Google Search will have a new feature called ‘Personal’ which will show results sourced from a user’s personal data like their Gmail account, Google Photo library. First spotted by Search Engine Roundtable, the Personal tab shows content from private sources, including emails and photos that a user might have taken in the past and uploaded to the cloud. The “Personal” tab works like any other tab on Google. All you need to do is type whatever you are searching for like “smartphone”, and it shows you results from your Google account. You will find any email featuring the word “smartphone” or pictures stored in the cloud. The Personal tab doesn’t show up by default – you’ll have to click through to the “More” tab on the bottom. The feature works both on the web and mobile versions of Google. By adding this feature, Google has actually made it easier to find something in your Gmail or Google Photos without opening them individually, as long as you’re logged in. It is unclear right now whether the feature is limited to Gmail or Google Photos, or if it pull results from Google Drive and other Google services. Also read: Apple developing ‘Neural Engine’ chipset for future iPhones and iPads: Report Google says the personal search results don’t show up for everyone, and are limited to the user. A user need to be signed into their personal Gmail account on the desktop browser, mobile browser for these personal results to reflected in the search.   The list of search results can also include personal bills from any service provider. Once again, Google is relying on Gmail to source these results. There’s no official announcement from Google, but the feature seems to be rolling out slowly to users worldwide. Let us know in the comments if the Personal tab is reflecting results for you already. More Related News Google faces hefty EU fine in shopping service case Nest security camera knows who’s home with Google face tech For all the latest Technology News, download Indian Express App © IE Online Media Services Pvt Ltd Tags: Google No Comments. Most Read India vs Pakistan ICC Champions Trophy 2017: When and where to watch the cricket match, live TV coverage, time in IST India vs Pakistan, ICC Champions Trophy 2017: India beat Pakistan by 124 runs (D/L), Match highlights Kareena Kapoor Khan's son Taimur Ali Khan is gifted with his mom's facial expressions. See these photos to believe Shah Rukh Khan's anger knew no bounds after Ramez Galal's Ramadan TV prank. Watch video MHT CET results 2017 declared at dtemaharashtra.gov.in, check score card now Best of Express Bahrain, Saudi Arabia, Egypt, UAE cut ties with Qatar; say it supports 'terrorism' J-K: Four militants killed in an attack on CRPF camp in Bandipora CBI raids underway at NDTV co-founder Prannoy Roy's residence OpinionIt is delusional to celebrate the Aadhaar tidal wave, and criminal to turn a blind eye OpinionThe class of 2017: They must work to stanch the anger that has thrown up leaders like Trump Buzzing Now EntertainmentKareena's son Taimur Ali Khan is gifted with his mom's facial expressions. See these photos to believe EntertainmentShah Rukh Khan's anger knew no bounds after Ramez Galal's Ramadan TV prank. Watch video EntertainmentRanveer Singh is 'missing' Deepika Padukone. Is this finally an acknowledgement of their relationship? See photo TrendingIndia vs Pakistan: Twitterati in splits over Imad Wasim's new hairstyle TrendingIndia vs Pakistan: This camel predicts Pak will defeat India in ICC Champions Trophy match Top News Modi and Macron will always have Paris Violence against BJP will make more lotuses bloom in Kerala: Amit Shah TechnologyApple WWDC 2017: Look for signs when Tim Cook takes the stage London terror attack: ISIS claims responsibility, 12 arrested SportsIndia vs Pakistan: Mother of all mismatches SportsWATCH: Wild celebrations after India register big win  20 quotes from Arundhati Roy's The God of Small Things that will make you crave for her next book  GQ Best Dressed 2017 red carpet: Shraddha Kapoor, Sayani Gupta, Arjun Kapoor up the style quotient TechnologyApple WWDC 2017: Look for signs when Tim Cook takes the stage TechnologyApple WWDC 2017 keynote: What time is livestream, how to watch and everything else to note Jun 05: Latest News GSLV Mk III, India’s heaviest satellite to be launched today WWE Extreme Rules Results: Samoa Joe becomes no. 1 contender for Brock Lesnar’s WWE Universal Championship CBI raids underway at NDTV co-founder Prannoy Roy’s residence Mexico election: Ruling party has preliminary lead in key state vote Reliance Jio tops chart in 4G download speeds in April again: TRAI report                           The Express Group The Indian Express The Financial Express Loksatta Jansatta inUth Ramnath Goenka Awards Privacy Policy Advertise with Us Contact Us Subscribe Please reload and try again !!! X   Copyright © 2017 The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us ... Google may be sued over Nexus 6P early shutdown and bootloop issues Scott Scrivens View All Posts 2017/04/14 11:09am PDTApr 14, 2017 130 Plus 1 on G+ 337 Share on Facebook 84 Share on Twitter Total Shares551 Android OS Legal Marshmallow 6.0 News Nexus 6P The Android hardware space is fast beginning to look like a watered down episode of Suits. Following on from news earlier in the week that LG is facing a bootloop lawsuit regarding several of its phones, Huawei's Nexus 6P could be responsible for Google encountering a similar inconvenience. As well as being accused of the same bootloop problem that has blighted LG devices, there are reports from consumers that the Nexus 6P has a premature battery shutdown problem. We reported late last year that certain Huawei Nexus 6Ps were suffering from the early shutdown problem, causing them to die with as much as 60% battery still indicated. Now, law firm Chimicles & Tikellis LLP is investigating the possibility of bringing a class action lawsuit against Google on behalf of customers who have faced this issue. Also included in any potential suit would be the same bootloop issue that has also affected owners of the LG Nexus 5X. The problems have mostly been reported by users running Android 7.0 Nougat, but there are also claims that backpedalling to Marshmallow 6.0 on the same devices doesn't fix anything. Neither Google nor Huawei seems to be taking either responsibility or action to resolve issues such as these. While Google is aware of the problems, having assigned both the shutdown and bootloop issues in its tracker, its official position is that those affected by the issue should reach out to customer support for a replacement device. But customers going directly to Huawei about the fault are also out of luck, as they are being told that the problem is with the software and not the hardware, and thus not an issue covered by the manufacturer's warranty - whether it's still in date or not. This is a very frustrating situation for the consumer when neither company seems willing to investigate properly or hold their hands up. Let us know in the comments if any of you Nexus 6P owners have experienced either issue. We'll report back with any further developments as they come in. Source: Chimicles & Tikellis LLP Tags bootloop Google huawei lawsuit nexus 6p subscribe ... Previous Story A new version of Google Wifi pops up at the FCC without ZigBee support ... Next Story What happens when you have more than one Google Home? Chaos. Trending 78 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 88 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 Comments ←  Older Comments  → IsaacJacobs Boot loop here. Thankfully our Ombudsman financially bullies the carrier until we get a resolution in Australia. Got a free refurb replacement, hopefully won't suffer the same. Matthew Hanson Mine seems to love to die around 10%. As a few others have stated, the low power notification will appear, I will use it for a few minutes and then it powers off. The battery history shows this steep cliff falloff after beginning the recharging and power on. Melad360 i always saw my 6p shut off as soon as the power saving mode came on at 15% battery. this started to happen after an update, i think 7.0 or 7.1, never happened before that though Latheryin This really is a software issue with what they ship out to nexus devices. It also effects the nexus 6 from Motorola. Seems every nexus device that got 7.x has this issue. Packer Backer Nope, doesn't affect the Nexus 6. Provide some links or just don't comment. Latheryin Sorry not a baby sitter. Why not do some research before you post. Also might want to look at the source code and try to understand what you are talking about before posting. abrasive I myself did start to see this issue after about a year, but the device was easily replaced for another warranty-related issue. I would assume my clock was started over again. Not that I haven't seen the same problem on computers with old batteries, but I would hope to get substantially more mileage out of a battery. Nexus 6p Issues Its about time! There are so many issues with the Google branded phones, it doesn't make any sense. We have already reached out to the firm to provide any support they need in accomplishing their potential goal of this class action lawsuit. Its time someone sticks up for the consumers who have been ripped off by this multi-billion dollar company. In the mean time, please follow us on Twitter and sign our petition at Change.org regarding this very issue. We have a lot of signatures and would appreciate your's and your share as well. Thank you in advance! 3fren I'm seeing so many comments about the battery issue going away with just replacing it. I guess I have to give it try. I'm always cautious when it comes to replacing a OEM battery with a replica though. Doug The early shutdown has been an issue on my Nexus 6P ever since I upgraded to Android 7. This has been a frustrating experience - I cannot trust the phone to not die on me when I need it and find myself constant carrying an external battery pack so I can start my phone back up if it dies. P. Sherman Just get an iPhone. It has SIGNIFICANTLY LESS DEVASTATING defects and actually functional software Quality Control team. thereasoner Lol, iOS is the worst when it comes to software issues and iPhone hardware is junk. No Google devices have yet to suffer the nightmares that were error 53 and Touch Disease much less the related class action lawsuits against Apple because of them! Are you trying to be funny? P. Sherman Yeah, no Android devices have had to deal with Touch Disease or error 53. Instead, they spontaneously combust (Note 7,) bootloop for no reason at all (ALL LG'S,) have glass backs that pop out when exposed to a little heat (Xperia Z2 and Z3,) have nearly unusable Bluetooth connectivity (Pixel, Xperia Z5,) heat so badly you can cook an egg on it (every Android that had a massive update,)... I could go on! I'm simply stating that iOS has historically been significantly less buggy and disastrous than Android when a new update rolls around (Think the disaster that was KitKat to Lollipop. The transition from iOS 6 to 7 was SIGNIFICANTLY less dramatic than that in terms of bugs and drains.) Also, Have an open mind and stop automagically trashing the iPhone. The iPhone may be lacking significantly in some areas, but it has two significant advantages - USABILITY AND LONGEVITY. thereasoner Correct, any serious issues facing Android phones have been a one off affecting only one model out of dozens of different models/manufacturers while both device bricking issues found in recent iPhones in error 53 and touch disease affected a much smaller base of phones and just one manufacturer . All the other minor issues you mentioned, be they real or exaggerated, are also very similar to minor issues various iPhones have faced as well its just that it's even worse for iPhones because there are so few models from one manufacturer(and they're still worse) vs several dozens models from over a dozen different manufacturers. That's how bad iPhones are when they have more serious issues despite producing so few models. Issues with Android phone should dwarf those of iPhones by a huge margin considering how many models /manufacturers are involved but they don't, the iPhones still manage to be worse! It's mind boggling when you think about but that's how bad Apple quality is these days. Jon Puhl My 6P is absolutely absurd. It shuts down as high up as 51%, and almost always when the battery percentage is lower than 30%. I'm really upset about this, because it's Google's last Nexus flagship, and it can't even last a full two years without having this dumb battery problem. Daniel Orchard I got a full refund for my 6p, and bought a pixel xl, was out of pocket a little for the upgrade but device was just out of warranty so im still happy with the outcome. Props to Google store support. Yeah i still l got charged the pixel while waiting for the refund, took about 2 weeks to come through but they organised the return shipping etc just like an rma. Im actually really happy. Mine would shutdown between 15-30% and i only lived with that for 2 weeks before starting the process of fixing it. Yes it happened after moving to 7.0 and yes rolling back to 6.x did not fix it so im convinced its software, nfi why they havent rolled out a fix yet. I suggest doing the same because all replacement n6p are still vulnerable to the bug afaik. Morenicano Just wanna make sure I follow, You saying you had your 6P for more than a year and they authorized a refund? I ask because I just reached them for an exchange but if I can get a refund and upgrade to the Pixel, I'll do it. Morenicano Just a heads up, JUST I contacted Google through the support tab in the settings of my 6P and they warranty replaced both mine and my wife's 6P and we bought them through Project Fi in November 2015 with no extended warranty. They said it's a known issue and setup the replacement with no problem and it has next (business) day shipping for the new one and you send the old one back once you have the new one up and running. They do put a hold for the value of the phone on your card while they wait for the old one to come back but they don't charge you Cory Wilson Crybabies. Seriously, my phone developed the issue last week, contacted Google, now I'm rocking a brand new Nexus 6p. Luckily I happened to be on the last day of my warranty but I also got protect so even if I was out of warranty I wasn't paying another $500 again. Just call Google instead of your lawyers dumb asses Packer Backer Wow, a snowflake playing Internet tough guy. Brandon Andrews I had my Nexus 6P become bricked by the bootloop issue. I bought my phone through Best buy and was still well within my 1 year manufacturer warranty when the problem occurred. Unfortunately when I called Best buy customer service and asked how to take care of the situation they told me to send it to this company called Jeg & Sons to get the problem reviewed and a replacement. Needless to say there was like a month long ordeal of mix ups with this company before they finally sent my phone back and told me they don't deal with my phone. Finally I eventually figured out I needed to send my phone to Huawei and they replaced my phone no problem. Sarah Despars I've never had this issue with my 6p so far. Hopefully it doesn't start! k_nonymous I experience this exact same problem and it drives me nuts. Battery saver mode on my 6P is supposed to be activated at 15% battery. The phone shuts off before it ever gets to that point. Also, 95% battery life is equivalent to 1h 5m???? Packer Backer Well well, according to thereasoner he thinks it's your fault. gparmar76 This is 100% hardware related...If it was the OS, it would be a widespread issue across all Android 7 handsets...Huawei is using cheap batteries... People who like the phone should go buy a replacement from a company like Zero Lemon (if available)..Or just buy another stock battery. Kirkster My Nexus 6P is 11 months old, and so far the only anomaly I've had is that it spontaneously factory-reset while in my pants pocket about two weeks ago, which was annoying. I recovered from the cloud backup, which restored all my apps, settings, etc, and my photos were set to back up to Google photos. I lost my call log and SMS messages though, but luckily most of my messaging is via WhatsApp (which restored everything). Still, annoying. I now have a SMS+call log app installed in case it happens again. No battery problems *yet*, now I'm dreading the one-year mark, after reading all the comments. Chalet_Badger My 6P bootloops, i can get it to start normally when the battery is ~5% or so but it will freeze and start to bootloop about a minute or two after. Duane I've had no issue with my 6p. Sounds like an annoying issue from the comments here. Robert B I've been having this problem for a few months now...I carry external battery around all the time because you never know when it feels like it's going to shut off and not turn back on Packer Backer According to thereasoner, it's your fault. clarence jones My 6p did not have the random shutdown at a certain percent issue before. After the 7.1.2 update it would crash and restart when the camera app was opened. About two days after the update it started boot looping and nothing i have tried has gotten it to successfully boot again. Packer Backer Tell thereasoner because he thinks it's your fault. Spudos Woah I thought this was just me. My ending battery life varies wildly, sometimes dying at 15% and on bad days dying around 40-50%. I would replace the battery myself but the teardown process looks like it requires an electrical engineering degree. Packer Backer thereasoner thinks it's your fault. Maybe you should straighten him out. Đức Thành Maybe Google deserves to be sued. Kyle Zess I am plagued by this issue. My phone shutdown after 5 minutes of non charging use. Packer Backer thereasoner thinks it's your fault. David Vogt Only time mine would shut down early at 30% or less is if I was out in freezing cold weather, phone just didn't like freezing weather, keep it warm and it's fine blueman24 Just admit it that your "quick charge" bs killed the battery early. Truth hurts huh My Nexus 6p 128 was barely a year old and it never recovered from the bootloop issue where it would keep restarting and not getting past the Google screen then restart over and over, losing precious pictures and videos of my children. My sister's Nexus 5 eventually broke from the bootloop issue 3 months later. We both had the $80 warranty but it seemed unfair having to pay for a replacement REFURBISHED Nexus 6p when the damage was caused by bad software. Sucked how although Nexus/Google/Huwei knew of ongoing repeated problems a 6 -9 months earlier, yet FAILED to try to resolve or prevent the recurring boot loop issue from infecting more phones. Finally, a lawsuit is in place. Damani Boyce After 7.1.1 update my Nexus 6p got bootloop an can't be fixed shame on them not even a reply from Google or Huawei. thereasoner Many on here are saying that they had no problem getting it fixed/replaced. Packer Backer Yeah, it's ALL his fault.... Posts like yours make some people dream of twisting your head off. thereasoner Why would you say it's his fault? Smoking one to many fatties?, Lol. Razed Mine currently dies at around 10%. I use it moderately and have had it since launch. Got Nexus Protect, but that seems worthless as all reports are that using that service will just get me an even worse battery. thereasoner My Pixel has been great, I'll have to ask a friend at work about his 6p to see if he's having issues. By the sounds of it only a small percentage of devices are affected. Packer Backer Nexus 6 by Motorola was a better direction. Gordon Mine would shut off at 25% consistently. I called Huawei and they actually replaced the battery for free. I had to pay for shipping 1 way, but the covered the rest. I got my phone December 2015, and it was just replaced this February. ThEGr33k Which country? Gordon Canada Trey Bradshaw I haven't encountered any bootlooping and my phone doesn't shut off unless my battery drops to about 2%. olivrstal happens to my 6p quite a bit as well :( hope it's gonna make it till the pixel 2 comes out :D mrjoeyloke My wife just got the bootloop of death on her 6p. I think that might be a whole different issue though. Kuldeep Choudhary This happens when a gaint company like google hires a Chinese company to manufacture it's top line product. I'm using my motorola nexus 6 for 2.5 years and still not a single problem im facing and decided to keep it for 1 more year. Omar Al Matar Had the problem, I was out of warranty, called them, no frustration or arguments, 5 minutes i had the email to get my new phone, and i sent them the one i had, i was even out of the country. Now I got it to last me another year, so idk about y'all Kristen Oliver This happened with me until I replaced the battery... At my own cost. Funnily enough that is not a software issue 12321 Please click the links below for details of my experience, which is echoed by thousands of other Nexus 6P owners. My handle is 12321 http://forums.androidcentral.com/nexus-6p/770380-google-takes-no-responsibility-if-os-updates-cause-nexus-6p-devices-randomly-power-off.html https://forum.xda-developers.com/nexus-6p/general/google-takes-responsibility-os-updates-t3559030 https://forum.xda-developers.com/nexus-6p/general/nexus-6p-randomly-shutting-50-youre-t3522911 https://androidforums.com/threads/7-1-1-from-google-how-is-your-battery-life-new-features.1099435/ abc Yes, please. Sue them! Merxury My Nexus 6p died, it stuck at bootloop every time when I turn on my phone. Sara Bales I've had the Huawei Nexus 6P since July of 2016, purchased new in the box. It started randomly shutting down within weeks, often multiple times a day. It was annoying and inconvenient, even shutting down once when I was on a 911 call reporting an intruder in the garage (talk about chaos. . . I had to wait for it to reboot and call again). My phone entered the "boot loop of death" the last week of March. The first 6 or so crashes, it rebooted just fine. But then it started getting hung up on the rainbow google animations, until finally it wouldn't even push past the Google screen. I was able to pull up the barcodes but other system reboots were useless. Since my phone is still under warranty, Huawei agreed to repair it but I had to wait 5 days for a label from UPS. It's been almost 3 weeks and I've heard nothing. They also didn't offer to send a loaner phone. At least mine was under warranty, I see on the forum that Google and Huawei have refused to help and neither want to accept responsibility. Ron Nguyen My 6p shutdown prematurely everyday but at different battery percentages. Mostly around 30%, but I have had 40, 50s and 60. Anunnaki A battery replacement fixes the early shutdown problem. Sriidhar sriidhar My 6p died couple of weeks ago and Google and Huawei must be sued for not taking the responsibility, I'm a student and I saved a lot of money to buy the phone but now they're like, it's not our concern as you're out of warranty! Konstigt2 Very good, they should have issued a recall and fixed them all. To not have your phone avail when you need it in case of emergency could be fatal. I have gotten my battery and screen replaced and that fixed it for me. arpit saxena My 6p shutdown few months back, after bootloop and hasn't been turned on since them. Both companies failed to address the situation and to fix the fault Huawei asks for 400$. I don't seem to find any kind of Justice in this area. David Berry All you poor nexus folks hot rolled. High price.shite processor thats had issues in every phone its been put in & sealed in battery copping quick charge for 12months through then the new usbc port then add that to the Chinese manufacturer &issues that causes with returns & you have a massive recipie for disaster. So is your nexus 6p still beter than an s7e or note5or7?Maybe the little fire issue puts it on a par with note 7 just but with that 810 inside it was always doomed from the start. No wonder they canned it for the now overpriced pixel. I think id rather a umi z plus for under half the price. So wheres the samsung haters now? I hate them too but they do make the best phones once you tweak this & that & set it up right. My note5 died after 18 months too. It did cop a real hammering as a wifi hotspot for a while there though. It used to get real hot with a few people connected at once & my bro never let it rest & would run it hot & flat every day. Sometimes 2x a day so it was to be expected. I got 2 note 7s for Sweet f%$ck all & a free s7e from samsung so ill forgive them a little & send back my note5 in the fire proof box & keep the other note 7 as a spare & as compensation for losing all my music &stuff on the note5& the fiasco of the n7recall. Sealed in batteries suck unless you replace your phone every 18months. Boy Ling Mine shuts down at 33% maybe 8 Times out of 10. I never updated to android 7. Mandeep Singh Pannu Mine normally dies off at 30%, then I connected it to charge, it comes back on at 30%.... Also I live up north in the UK, and at early in the morning, if I go out, and it's too cold it just dies randomly theadamsegal Very disappointed with Google. My Nexus 6P started shutting off at around 20% less than a year after I purchased it. The basically pulled an Apple with the release of the Pixel. After purchasing 3 Nexus phones in 4 years, I won't be buying a Google handset again. Ashwini Kumar Same issue here. Phone dies suddenly at 10-15% without any warnings. I love the phone but battery is pathetic. I barely get 10 hours on light usage. I hate apple but the 6s plus from work would be at 50% battery at the end of the day. First google deserted the nexus brand and then not honouring the issue. Disappointed! Sean Stone I'm currently replying from my just received RMA replacement for the boot loop issue. My warranty was technically up in November but the Google Tech Support hooked me up anyway. Better outcome than I was expecting. Thomas Boel Mine shut's down at round about 20%, but only when the screen is turned on! The warning comes and immediately it starts shutting down. Maggie Smith I don't get any warning. It just reboots at random. I wish I did get a warning. David Schleifstein Shuts down at 15% for me, closer to 30% for my wife's. I also noticed that a short time in colder temperatures can cause the battery to drop dead at 50% and up. Ger PG How is this affecting users? David McFee Same issue. Daily premature shutdown. So annoying. Jon Watts Get a grip people. It's just a phone. If it doesn't work just get a new one. I've had the 6P since its release in 2015. Yes I've had a few issues but nothing that didn't eventually get fixed. Dirge Yeah, all those thousands of people that suffer from this problem better just get a grip. So Google sold a defective product, so what? Go buy another one. Duh. "I'm not having any problems therefore these people need to get their shit together." *Rolls eye's* Drew Harden https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/fff14c9ec4b9b4966ae37554f13b373d9bfa270aa644c3e5ef01a5fca3723410.png Mine usually shuts down when the phone is pretty cold and then I turn the screen on and then it just dies. In the warmer weather it still dies with 15% every time though. If I start a Snapchat video below 20% it's instantly off. Dan Molina I haven't had a shut down at 60% but I get it at 25% pretty consistently. Bootloop is rare too; however, I do get random restarts usually while on a phone call. Danny Mestriner Good, maybe they will finally get off their lazy asses and treat us like actual customers. I also have the shutdown issue since Nougat. Philip Quach I've had the same issue even after factory reset. It's especially bad when the temperature outside is cold. I'm really disappointed with Huawei and Google about this. Artūras Rimonis Having the same issue. It always shuts down at 15% or even more. Cara Buttitta sometimes mine dies at 20% sometimes at 60%. just today my 6p was at 90%, I took one picture without the flash and it shut down. very frustrating David Perez Yes, it's been an issue since nougat, from what I recall. Both Nexus 6p devices I have suffered from increased battery drain, and sudden shutdown anywhere from 15 to 25%. Google points to Huawei, Huawei points to Google. I downgraded one device back to marshmallow. Battery drain is still pronounced, but at least no shutdown. I get my warning at 15% and can run until the single digits. John Adams Will die between 20-35% every time, also randomly restarts at around 50%. This phone has been plagued with bugs since release... Jordan Hindley https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/0aef98131463828edbc4ecec53b90938738636b0a4ab26649126e2b51247d48d.png My device shuts down at lots of different battery percentages and won't reboot until i attach to a power source. It's a nightmare. MeanBeans I get that all the time as well even after I changed the battery Mike I Easy. Have Google make their own phones. Call them, oh, Pixel? I'm writing this on my lg5x with 7.1.2. Very happy with it, but will take 200 off coupon on the LG g6 against any and all future 5x claims. Seiga Is it safe to say I should utilize my Nexus protect? I too am suffering from this issue. CJ Nexus 6p start shutting down with 1 to 2 times a day, which increase to more than 10 times within 3 month..huwaei and Google blaming each other for issues..phone is under warranty, but can't do anything.. Miresnare Love my 6p. Never had an issue with it apart from the slo-mo on the camera. Wonderful device. Rob Paek My 6P shut off abruptly right after it gave me the 15% warning the other day. Other than that it has been freezing lately and forcing me to reboot. lance colton Suing is great and all, but every AMERICAN class action lawsuit does absolutely nothing for those of us that aren't in the USA. All the times Nvidia and Sony got sued for stuff they sold me that didn't work as advertised, I'm entitled to NOTHING. This phone is such garbage. Just got it back from the bootloop repair, and the battery starts dying at 20% left. Then 40%. Yesterday, 60%. WTF. I don't think it's Google's fault, though. They would have fixed the software if they can by now. More like Huawei built this thing out of garbage, so it actually needs to be replaced after a year. https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/776a4957bbcf9a86578fe290eba3107f160fabf3d0d520adb81993f61d67cca0.png You wouldn't believe the trouble I had getting this thing in for repairs either. I bought it from my carrier so I can't deal with Google or Huawei. They do troubleshooting but for warranty I have to deal with 'Freedom mobile'. I have to go into a certain shopping mall and go to a specific kiosk that is a designated repair center. They refused to honor the terms of the warranty, specifically that the original bootloop repair gives me 90 days more warranty. https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/735c6d189c2684ae884f4c97c0d443766058dfa8c7119577c26c17b6da30b031.png Even the Huawei website says it's under warranty for a few more days. https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/63182bf80270d912f90486d64178eff22d06e6ef98c0bbc1b1c6fcad3b6f4c62.png I had to give up at the kiosk, go to my car, and phone 611. Talked to an idiot that wastes my time with irrelevant troubleshooting, then she tries to tell me the warranty is expired too. Ask for a supervisor. Same story, but she speaks better English. I argue with her that they need to honor the terms on their website, but she says I'm not understanding them. I refuse to give up, she finally places me on hold for 5 min, comes back, admits I'm correct. I still have 3 days warranty according to her now. She puts a note on the account, then I go back to the kiosk, tell the guy there to read the note and finally he calls his manager, and figures out how to process the claim. If they didn't glue the stupid thing together, I'd replace the battery myself. They choose to make it un-repairable, they can fix it. Jeremy Miethker that means its going to bootloop soon. that is what happened to me Cindy Up until the April 2017 update, I was experiencing this same issue. My Nexus 6P would die with as much as 23% battery life left. oscar acevedo Oh that explains why my phone unexpectedly shuts down from time to time. Nexus 6P v7.1.2 blenderboy People still buy google devices like Pixel. Consumers vote with their money. The moment you buy a device you are promoting the brand. I don't think there will be any outcome for this lawsuit. This is just a publicity stunt. Samsung hardware is great, software is shit. Google software is ok but hardware partners do not work properly with Google(initial supply, firmware updates, warranty replacements). I am waiting for Pixel(maybe in 2 yrs) after seeing how current Pixel owners are treated by Google. Apple hardware is great, software works as expected. I use Linux at home and without itunes it is difficult to use a iPhone. So only option for me is Android. Charles Jordan I have the Nexus 6P a lotnd I have no issues and it's all updated. ThEGr33k Sent mi e of for RMA in the UK they did a "software update" to android 7 and sent it back. Safe to say the early shutdown and terrible battery life is still here... Have sent an email asking for the battery to be replaced so see what i hear back... Felipe I had my 6P fallen into the bootloop problem, I was given a replacement as Huawei honored its 15 months warranty (even though the documentation everywhere says it has 12 months factory warranty, it in fact has 15 months, with Huawei, but NOT with Google, shame Google!). Now, I'm about to get this replacement unit and pray, really pray hard that nothing new appears with this phone. Even tough there are now reports of replaced phones crashing again into the bootloop bug and, recently that Android 7.1.2 final, screwed the fingerprint sensor. Many are not liking the way Google+Huawei (yes, both) is handling this crisis, which in fact is a major one. I think customers who spent lots of hard earned money should get a quality device which keeps on working well, even after its warranty period expired and, wheren there is a well known massive problem, the manufacturer(s) Hardware+Software should honor fixes or reimburses, despite the fact that there are now the Pixels phones. If my replacement phone fails, I'd be more than willing to participate in a class action suit. Jeremy Miethker my brothers replacement phone already went into bootloop 5 days after receiving it. my phone died last week. Jacob Kraniak I thought I was going crazy when I noticed my 6P constantly rebooting on it's own. At least now I know I'm not alone with htis issue. Hopefully they give us something back in return. Maybe a replacement? Hell, I'd rather just return it at this point and use whatever credit they give me towards a Pixel or OP3T. that's not to say I haven't loved the 6P of course. Alexander Dumo Ive had this issue since updating my 6P sometime this past December. We shouldn't have to live with charging our phone before it hits approx 15%-20% battery life. When that warning pops up, the phone just shuts down. Make no sense...please fix this Huawei/Google! Charles Constantine I reported shutdowns at battery levels of 20-60 percentage remaining and was given a list of things to do including a "factory reset" and then told to report back by Google Project fi support. ARDankar I am glad I did not upgrade to nougat yet. Keep me posted on any news regarding issues with the Nexus 6P. David Droddy The Goog replaced my 6P very quickly when I demonstrated the sudden shut down problem even in safe mode and after full factory reset. Why would you report that Google is not responsive to this issue? Seanmiz Yep, I've experienced both issues on my 6P. I got hit with the bootloop of death a few months ago, luckily still under warranty with Huawei and got a replacement. I get the early battery shutdown usually in the 10-20% range. prwnd https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/cd48abb593ae6c1dd226cbe06ba45cf7195abd40318303b2290ca9229846939e.png Biojoe Me too. Travis Coble Oddly enough, sometimes it shuts down early, and sometimes it's fine. However, given my use of it and constant recharging, I'm convinced that this will end up going nowhere because the problem is actually pretty normal for devices that are going on two years of age due to the use of LIon batteries. People claiming shutdown at 60%? I'd need to see it to believe it... maverick7526 https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/3b98bc27cfb84fed5d59d503e403949c6d1cd50a18f37dd23dc58235aba80ad6.png It happens. It happened to me in Feb. It was very cold out and the phone just shut off, and would not turn on again until it was plugged into a charger. Brett Crowley Mine just hit a random boot loop and recovery mode is not working. Jeremy Miethker once it bootloops there is nothing you can do. it is now a cool paper weight Hussain Ahmadi I really hope they sue google for this. 6P keeps restarting without any reason, not to forget the excessive freezing issues. Google is getting very arrogant and need some spanking Hussain Ahmadi And of course this will be the last phone I've ever buy from google. Waiting eagerly for Note 8 mercado79 Yes, both issues. The battery issue was covered under warranty directly by Google. The bootloop issue occurred 1 month out of warranty and both companies told me there​ was nothing they could do for me. Marcin Nowak I had this issue since beginning of the year and Google forums just said wait for update. Finally contacted Google about it just last week feed up asking for help and they told me to F.off pretty much. zefred Got it. It started RIGHT after the one year mark. Contacted google AND Huawei, and was turned down by both. My N6p doesn't even last half a day with recharging. I need to carry extra external batteries everywhere with me, as well as a charge and cable, and the device is barely a year and a half old. NOT a happy camper :( 12321 Law360, Dallas (April 17, 2017, 5:29 PM EDT) -- Google Inc. and Huawei Technologies USA Inc. were hit with a putative class action in Texas federal court Friday over an allegedly defective smartphone, the Nexus 6P, which the user claims suffers from premature battery drainage. Plaintiff Alex Gorbatchev wants to represent a class of consumers who bought the Google Nexus 6P phones, which he says also suffer from a problem that sends the phone into a “death spiral” in which the phones suddenly switch off and then restart in what is referred to as an... https://www.law360.com/texas/articles/913933/class-hits-google-with-suit-over-defective-nexus-phones https://www.courthousenews.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/04/Bad-Cellphones.pdf Claude L Now it's getting worst with android 7.1.2. I was also experiencing early shutdown with my 6p when using 7.1.1. But now I'm unable to use my phone on a daily basis without having a early shutdown. Today again battery was at 20% and last week it happened at 37%. I was so happy when I bought my phone a year and a half ago because I was able to use it for the whole day without having to charge the battery... Now I have to carry a charger with me... It sucks theadb Anything we can do in Canada? Mine just shuts off randomly all the time. This is was a RMA from an older 6P that had massive battery issues. The guy I just spoke to said my original warranty was up in January this year and there was nothing he could do. This phone shuts down randomly all the time now. I've missed by alarm to wake up twice now because it just shuts off. Only way to power it back on is to go into bootloader and restart. adi sararu mine had his 20% dying today first time... and after reading above... my time to never touch google phones again :D Steve I had same battery problem with my 6p, rather than taking out a lawsuit against Google I just purchased a new battery and replaced it. Phone no longer has the issue, lawsuit closed Kyle Snider Phone shuts off early on me allllllll the time, does this lawsuit affect us in Canada? Adam Macias I'm suffering the premature battery death. I have yet to cross the boot loop issue though. God help me if I do. Jeremy Miethker well im a not so proud owner of a $800 dollar paper weight. i cant believe how this is being handled they want me to spend $550 to replace it than they will reimburse me. are you kidding me. however was wondering if this would happen again if i did get a new one? Jacob Lunsford My 6P shuts down with anywhere from 10-30% battery remaining. pi app my problem is the uber driver app stopped working on this phone about 2 weeks ago (same app was working fine on this phone for last 8 months). when i log into uber driver app on any other fine it works fine. a chinese person told me because huawei is a chinese company and they hate uber they may have done something to prevent the app from working on their phones. i was going to buy another nexus 6p to see if same problem occurs. then i will know. my battery's been fine with my phone. Svart Adam Solander My phone shutdown at around 20-25%. Quite annoying. sleepytinksy Also have this issue - phone shut down right before the gates opened for a soccer match and they only issued digital tickets, scan-able on the phone. As you can imagine, that was less than ideal. Panda without dark circle My 6p shut down at 35% or below when I travel to Japan on winter, I thought it was because of the cold. But when I back to Malaysia, it shut down at 60% or below, not every time but this scared me. :( And yes, it doesn't warning me at all, shut down without any sign. Ahmad Zaib I am from India and facing the same issue on my Nexus 6P. The Huawei customer care response has been that they are coming up with an official response soon. This has been the status since more than 3 weeks now. Anyone here, who knows what can we expect here or how do we proceed? Tom Z 71% (seventy-one percent) Shutdown! Mine just hit a new low (or high) with this issue. I just had mine shut down at 71% (seventy-one percent) remaining battery life. This is a very big problem. I was taking pictures when the phone just went into shut down. I couldn't get it to stay running until I connected power. This needs to be fixed! I'm on the latest version with April 2017 security updates. Tom boses Same issue here. I'm reaching the shutdown at about about 38% mark! I'm frustrated at Google's inaction! Jay Miller Mine has died anywhere from 43% to 15%. It is random battery percentage for the shutdown, but it always claims it is at 15% then shuts down. The minute you plug it in and turn it on, the battery percentage is what it really shut off at, and it is usually in the high 20's. So yesterday I tried something. I went to the factory images I had for my Nexus, and through ADB, I sent it "back in time" to Android 6.0 (original release firmware). I then put it to the test. I turned on the hotspot and started playing games that I know drain the battery. I got the warning at 15%....no shutdown. I continued further. I got a warning at 14%, at 12%, 10%, 5% and eventually it shutdown at 1%. I placed it on the charger and fired it up and it was "truly" at 1% battery. I haven't seen it fully drain in months. While the claim that new batteries work, it also appears that Google has work to do on their end as well. Reversing the firmware did work for me. However, the device wanted to update immediately. I accepted the security patch, but at this point in time I will refuse to upgrade back to Nougat if I can gain the full use of my phone without it shutting off prematurely. Here is my log: Firmware I was on 05/03/2017 at 11 AM Eastern US time: N2G47H (April 2017 Security Patch) Firmware I reversed it to on 05/03/2017 at 12 PM Eastern US time: MDA89D (September 2015) Firmware after accepting most recent security patch OTA on 05/03/2017 at 6:45 PM Eastern US time: MTC19T (Android 6.0.1 but security is May 2016) Mister Sonny I'm having the early shutdown issue, for me it's consistently at around 25% battery life. This is made worse by the fact that I have an accessory almost always connected (Fitbit Blaze) NumbGrip I've been having this problem since about 6 weeks ago and it started completly out of nowhere Vince Romeo I've encountered the boot loop problem on 6p after <18 mo. Occasionally sudden shutdowns before that happened. My wife's phone is ~19+ and has sudden shutdown issues. Darshan Jain I am facing the same bootloop issue and my phones warranty has expired and Huawei and Google refused to help Shailla Chand My phone will be fresh off the charger at 100% and shut down within 15 minutes. Talk about frustrating.. Gerbil My 6p has been losing power at alarming rate always with Android system and Android OS at the top. Then it began randomly shutting down an demanding to be charged after sending a notification my battery hit 0% when I was well above 40% and failed to detect my SIM card for about 3 hours. I down own a power bank so I'm really suffering here as my phone dies midday and I can't use it for the latter half of the day. chesterbr Now that you mention... I (a no-bootloop-but-frequent-shutdown-at-30% Nexus 6P user) had a couple failures on SIM card detection. Not sure how long they lasted, removing and reinserting seemed to have done the trick... keeps one wondering... :-/ rpeltz My Nexus 6p shuts down when the battery drops below 49 percent. This can happen in as little as an hour of idle time and the phone is just over 1 year old. Cassy Forrester I had the shut off issue. It was shutting off at 99% after a couple of weeks of only shutting off at 48% and below. Still ridiculous. Anyway, I bought it through Newegg so I had to deal with huawei.. biggest fucking pain in the ass. We waited 22 days for a shipping label. Called on a thursday and they said by Monday it would be emailed. Still didn't come. Called again and they said another few days. Didn't come. Called AGAIN and after 5 hours of being on the phone (that day alone.. 15 hours total), they sent the email with the label. I sent it in and like 4 business days later it was returned.. same phone I sent it.. doesn't shut off anymore.. BUT they told us it was a software issue and that they couldn't fix the phone so they would have to replace it. Clearly they didn't replace it but it doesn't shut off so that's good right? Well no. Now my phone is not charging if I use it while it's on the charger... Also, I get the warning when it boots that it can't be checked for corruption. Fuck these people. Fuck this phone. My warranty was up by the time they sent the label but they did say they are taking phone's after warranty because they are having so many issues with this phone.. (also why they took so long to help me) Well no wonder they're taking them! They are only half ass fixing them. So if a half ass fix is worth it to you, call them. They might help. This is the US in case that helps. iRulLezZ My 6p shutted down with full battery and restarted all the time ! Nothing happes ! Pghgeek My 6p has the issue. Powers off before battery is low. Won't tun back on until connect to a charger then shows 40 to 60% battery. Have to use another phone. Don Smith My 6p purchased 11/2015 has been the most fantastic phone i've ever had but hey. Now i noticed that i never get the battery saver time. Then i researched. my phone is shutting down at 56% batter. Of course there is no warning that this is coming. So it's only useful if i'm plugged in at home, the car or traveling with my anker battery pack, Thank you anker. My exeperience with trying the warranty once is that it's worse than worthless. Details for file a clain, time passes then a letter that your claim is denied. Seems rediculous. Better to know you don't have warranty than wast your money only to be frustrated. I'm ready to give up on android and an unreliable beta company. but add me to the list of sabotaged 6p lovers. Kelly Kay Mine shuts down at 25% without fail. Robert Hynes I still have the shutdown issue....anywhere from 60 to 20%. Unlikely I will get a pixel or other Google device unless there is a fix. Maybe we just need a more high profile device like a Samsung in order to get noticed. Jeffrey Huston I started experiencing this for the first time on my Nexus 6p shortly after installing Android 7.1.2. It can happen anywhere from 20% to even 60%, and happens multiple times daily. I've had the phone for probably a year and am generally always on the latest Android version. I don't think it started immediately; might have started a week after installing 7.1.2. I initially blamed an app or a Google play services update, but I've been factory resetting my phone three times now, each time reinstalling and updating fewer and fewer things to see if it would stop happening. It hasn't stopped yet. My next step was going to be factory resetting and doing zero app installs and updates (then it's basically just a phone, gross), but then I stumbled on this article. Now I'll probably skip that next factory reset and see if Google will send me a new phone. Hans Breda I contacted Google Support about this issue. They were very cooperative and are sending me a replacement! Hope this will solve the problem. chesterbr I did not have the bootloop, but phone would shutdown anywhere below 30%. After reading some experiences here I got my battery replaced at a local shop (Mobile Klinik in Toronto, CAD$ 60 plus tax, service done in 1-hour, no data loss or anything), and the problem is GONE: phone goes down to 1% at a steady pace. Normal usage gives me an entire day, just like it did when I purchased it. I'll be sad if a class action lawsuit earns something (not for the money, but for the principle), but it seems it will give my phone at least another year of life (heck, possibly more, this phone is a beast). But I'll hardly ever buy Google (or Huawei) again - this is not how you handle such issues. Michael Magdy My Nexus 6p stuck on google screen.. And the shutdown and repeat again.. Noone could solve this till now.. Even the two companies google and huwaei don't respond or tell where is the problem I went to a software programmer.. He could do nothing also It's now just a piece of metal I need help Kishor Padghan My Nexus 6p experienced early shut down 2 times so far despite having enough battery. It can be restarted only after battery is fully discharge and charging the phone. My phone has been unreliable now, it can ditch me any time. RJ Southam Mine started this weekend, I got a whopping 19 months out of my phone, however it still boots eventually just not sure for how much longer... Elizabeth Warner I basically keep a charger with me all the time and plug in in the car, at the office, at home... Very inconsistent, sometimes shuts down showing orange, but today was shutting down and showed as being at 28%. I've been uninstalling apps that I don't use, have a battery monitor so that I don't over charge... Dave Haines mine turns off randomly with about 30-40% left on the battery i dont think i have actually had it come up with power save in the last 2 months.... ←  Older Comments  → Follow Android Police 1.49M 472k 145k 119k Latest Deals 9 [Deal Alert] Chromecast Ultra is $59.99 ($10 off) at Google Store, Best Buy, B&H and others 2017/06/04 12:16pm PDTJun 4, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] Google Home is $109 ($20 off) at Best Buy, Google Store, B&H, and others 2017/06/04 10:07am PDTJun 4, 2017 12 [Deal Alert] Kick off the weekend with 24 temporarily free and 52 on-sale apps 2017/06/03 6:50pm PDTJun 3, 2017 18 [Deal Alert] Get a Nextbit Robin for $129.99 on eBay 2017/06/03 9:39am PDTJun 3, 2017 33 [Deal Alert] A Stork's Journey is currently free on Google Play Movies & TV 2017/06/01 10:50pm PDTJun 1, 2017 Latest Poll How many photos are on your Google Photos account? Under 100 100-999 1,000-2,499 2,500-4,999 5,000-9,999 10,000-19,999 20,000-39,999 More than 40,000. View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 67 Asus ZenFone 3 Zoom review: A promising phone that falls victim to bad software and cut corners 2017/05/31 2:21pm PDTMay 31, 2017 113 AOSPA (Paranoid Android) review: back from the dead, and we're thrilled 2017/05/31 9:47am PDTMay 31, 2017 29 Tag Heuer Connected Modular 45 review: It seems like $1,500 should get you more 2017/05/29 9:57am PDTMay 29, 2017 74 [Update, G+ Post] Francisco Franco makes his productivity timer 5217 free to try 2017/05/16 10:01am PDTMay 16, 2017 290 HTC U11 hands-on: HTC gets a little closer to the mark 2017/05/16 12:02am PDTMay 16, 2017 Latest Roundups 13 29 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/24/17 - 5/31/17) 2017/05/31 10:20am PDTMay 31, 2017 8 10 new and notable Android apps from the last week (5/23/17 - 5/29/17) 2017/05/29 12:49pm PDTMay 29, 2017 13 31 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/17/17 - 5/23/17) 2017/05/23 3:06pm PDTMay 23, 2017 16 12 new and notable Android apps and live wallpapers from the last week (5/16/17 - 5/22/17) 2017/05/22 12:48pm PDTMay 22, 2017 16 29 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/10/17 - 5/16/17) 2017/05/16 4:22pm PDTMay 16, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 18 Boost for Reddit removed from Play Store for alleged promotion of drugs, still not back after a week 2017/06/04 4:25pm PDTJun 4, 2017 112 Weekend poll: How many photos are synced to your Google Photos account? 2017/06/04 3:44pm PDTJun 4, 2017 28 Tasker beta v5 brings a fresh Material Design look and a huge list of other changes 2017/06/03 7:27pm PDTJun 3, 2017 12 [Deal Alert] Kick off the weekend with 24 temporarily free and 52 on-sale apps 2017/06/03 6:50pm PDTJun 3, 2017 76 Samsung uploads its Device Maintenance tool to the Play Store 2017/06/03 6:01pm PDTJun 3, 2017 Blast from the Past 60 1 Year Ago Today More Motorola Leaks: 'Style Mod' Replaceable Covers For The Moto X/Z And DROID Come In A Variety Of Materials 2016/06/04 12:27pm PDTJun 4, 2016 40 2 Years Ago Today Chrome Beta v44 Comes With Improvements To 'Native App' And 'Add To Homescreen' Banners, New Push API Features, And More [APK Download] 2015/06/04 5:14pm PDTJun 4, 2015 129 3 Years Ago Today YouTube v5.7 For Android Finally Lets You Select Exact Streaming Quality, As Long As It's 720p Or Lower [APK Download] 2014/06/04 6:16pm PDTJun 4, 2014 3 4 Years Ago Today Google Posts Glass XE6 Factory Image For Your Flashing Pleasure 2013/06/04 8:31pm PDTJun 4, 2013 16 5 Years Ago Today [Update: Pre-Orders Are Live] Sprint Announces The Galaxy S III Available June 21, Pre-Orders Start June 5 - $199 For 16GB, $249 For 32GB 2012/06/04 10:55pm PDTJun 4, 2012 327 6 Years Ago Today [Book Giveaway #2] Looking To Get Into Android Development? We're Giving Away "Hello, Android" To A Lucky Reader 2011/06/04 7:16pm PDTJun 4, 2011 2 7 Years Ago Today HTC EVO 4G OTA Update Comes Out In Time For Launch, Fixes SD Card Problems, Patches Security Issues, But Disables Root - Available Via WiFi As Well 2010/06/04 6:44pm PDTJun 4, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 112 Weekend poll: How many photos are synced to your Google Photos account? 2017/06/04 3:44pm PDTJun 4, 2017 35 It's not just you—there's a widespread Google Home outage 2017/06/04 12:04pm PDTJun 4, 2017 61 Samsung opens up its browser to some non-Samsung devices on the Play Store 2017/06/04 10:30am PDTJun 4, 2017 29 Motorola rolling out Android 7.1.1 to the Moto Z Play 2017/06/04 8:45am PDTJun 4, 2017 18 Boost for Reddit removed from Play Store for alleged promotion of drugs, still not back after a week 2017/06/04 4:25pm PDTJun 4, 2017 Last 7 Days 28 Google Photos v2.16 prepares to upgrade the camera shortcut, suggest photos to archive, and more [APK Teardown + Download] 2017/05/31 11:36pm PDTMay 31, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] Here are 38 temporarily free and 72 on-sale apps, plus both 0.10 Apps of the Week 2017/05/31 2:08pm PDTMay 31, 2017 501 [Update: New details plus Andy Rubin interview] The Essential phone is official, with an edge-to-edge display and the world's smallest 360-degree camera accessory 2017/05/30 7:48am PDTMay 30, 2017 76 Samsung uploads its Device Maintenance tool to the Play Store 2017/06/03 6:01pm PDTJun 3, 2017 24 Plex Live TV is now available for all Plex Pass subscribers, tuner required 2017/06/01 6:00am PDTJun 1, 2017 Last 30 Days 78 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 88 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 28 Google Photos v2.16 prepares to upgrade the camera shortcut, suggest photos to archive, and more [APK Teardown + Download] 2017/05/31 11:36pm PDTMay 31, 2017 94 The Play Store adopts new app and notification icons with v7.8.16 [APK Download] 2017/05/10 6:25pm PDTMay 10, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Advertise | Contact 115 queries | 0.503s | nexus2 Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
Skip to main content SIGN IN | REGISTER WEBINARS SOCIAL NETWORKS Facebook Releases Data on Mother's Day Usage Trends [Infographic] Facebook’s Mission To Own The Internet – Which App Will It Take Down Next? 5 New Facebook Updates and Tests Spotted This Week 3 Social Media Hacks that will Help You Land a Job Twitter Adds Secondary 'Requests' Inbox for DMs Facebook Releases New 'Topics to Watch' Report Based on Trending Mentions [Infographic] How to Improve Your Discoverability on LinkedIn Through Skills and Endorsements Facebook Remains the Dominant Social Platform [Infographic] Secrets to Instagram Branded Content [Podcast] Facebook Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest Twitter MARKETING 5 Key Social Media Metrics to Measure 4 Key Steps in Developing a Company Mission (and Why You Need to) Google’s Building an Ad Blocker into Chrome – A Big Step Towards Regulating Online Ad Content 5 Ways to Optimize Your Facebook Videos for Mobile Viewing Why Your Blog Isn't Enough [Infographic] Which Video Platform is Best: Youtube, Wistia or Vimeo? The Key Elements of a Brand Style Guide (and Why You Need One) Growth Hacking for eCommerce: 17 Tactics You Can Try Next Month Google’s Launched a New Data Visualization Tool, With GIFs as a Presentation Option Advertising Content Marketing Ecommerce Influence ROI TECHNOLOGY & DATA 15 Free Tools to Help Track and Improve SEO Performance [Infographic] How Speed Affects Your Website [Infographic] Mary Meeker Internet Trends Report 2017 – The Outlook for Social and Digital Marketing Privacy Shield and the Impact of Data Transparency and Security for Social Media Professionals The Top U.S. Media Publishers on Social Media - April 2017 Google Unveils Next Generation Products at Google I/O Event 4 Tools for Garnering More Social Media Engagement How to Convert Your Website from HTTP to HTTPS - a Step-by-Step Guide Why Virtual Reality will Never be the Future of Marketing and Advertising Analytics Big Data Marketing Automation Security Social Tools Tech and Innovation SOCIAL BUSINESS Instagram Influencer Rates and Engagement [Infographic] How Instagram Stories Could Change Commerce As We Know It Skype Adds Snapchat-Like Features to Keep Up with Messaging Trends How to Get Your First 1,000 Followers on Instagram [Infographic] Facebook's Adding New Click to Messenger Ads in Instagram How to Build a Community Around Your Business with Facebook Groups [Infographic] Twitter Releases Major Events Calendar for June to Help Strategic Planning 12 of the Best Social Media Monitoring Tools to Consider 5 Ways to Repurpose Your Top Social Media Posts and Updates Community Customer Service Employee Advocacy Leadership Small Business Social Organization EVENT NEWSLETTER MY SMT Connect with us: Explore more:  linkedin linkedin basics linkedin search linkedin marketing A Simple Way to Use LinkedIn Search to Connect with Potential Clients May 27, 2017 John Nemo Looking for more B2B sales leads online? There are 500 million of them sitting over on LinkedIn, which continues to add two new members at a steady rate. The secret to mastering LinkedIn for sales, however, lies in this helpful (and often ignored) feature hidden inside LinkedIn's powerful internal search engine. LinkedIn = B2B Prospecting Power The best way to go B2B prospecting online right now is to use LinkedIn’s massive internal search engine - like a Google for professionals. Because LinkedIn indexes every piece of content and word published on the site, you can search the platform using keywords and phrases (just like Google) to find what you're looking for. Even better, you can filter your LinkedIn Search results to display people, blog posts, status updates, company names, job openings or other professional topics based around those keywords or phrases you entered. When you understand the power of real-time, 1-on-1 personalization using the data available at any given moment on LinkedIn, that's when your B2B prospecting goes to a whole new level. Feeling Minnesota For example, it could be as simple as entering in a location (Minnesota), seeing someone bemoaning the weather there (a common occurrence) in a status update, and adding a comment to his or her post Even better, if this person seems like a potential sales lead or a good fit for your product or service, you can reach out and connect with him or her using the "Minnesota weather" angle as a personal note in your invitation. From that point forward, you can then begin to move your new connection (whom you've already broken the ice with) through your normal LinkedIn lead generation and sales cycle. How to Search for Posts In order to utilize this approach with LinkedIn Search, it’s important to step into the shoes of your customer and think like he or she would. Ask yourself this question: What would my ideal client or prospect type into Google when looking for content, tips or help related to a specific topic? Try and reverse-engineer the common topics, trends or thoughts your ideal clients have when searching for content or help online, and plug those terms into LinkedIn Search.  Next, filter by "Posts" and see what shows up. You can even try and search for terms like city names, state names or other markers to find people "talking" about those topics on LinkedIn (see the "Minnesota" example screenshot included in this post). It's important to note, the way LinkedIn filters its "post" search results depends on: If any of your 1st or 2nd level connections are sharing posts or status updates that include those search terms It then widens the search to anyone on LinkedIn using those search terms in an blog post or status update. Keep in mind, the "post" search results can return both blog posts others are creating that have your keywords and quick status updates someone fires off. Both are great opportunities to engage someone in their online living room, and use the content of their status update or blog post as context to begin a 1-on-1 conversation. See if you can add to the discussion, ideally by answering a question or adding a dose of your own wisdom that helps demonstrate your expertise in the area. LinkedIn & Real-Time Leads The idea is simple - you engage others around a topic they're talking about, and you do it in a way that isn't sales-y, sleazy or spammy. Rather, you add to the conversation, sharing your thoughts, answering questions or asking additional questions to keep the discussion going. Make sure you take some time today to experiment with LinkedIn Searches that you filter by posts, and be creative with your search terms and topics. If you do, you're likely going to find some warm leads and conversation opportunities waiting for you. Author Information John Nemo Creator @JohnNemo Sign up for the Social Media Today newsletter You'll get a daily email with the latest news, lessons, and insights on: Social Media Marketing Digital Strategy and more Yes, I'd like to receive Marketing Dive's daily newsletter as well. Preview   Related Items How to Improve Your Discoverability on LinkedIn Through Skills and Endorsements How to Use LinkedIn's New Direct Messaging Options to Generate More Business 5 Reasons Why You Need LinkedIn for Your Business Join The Conversation SIGN IN | REGISTER TO COMMENT Learn More Get Our Newsletter Download White Papers View Latest Infographics Read Marketing News Webinars On Demand How To Build an Engagement-Driven Demand Gen Strategy in 2017 May 09, 2017 With all of the technologies available to marketers today, have we lost that personal touch? Join VP of Content Marketing for ON24, Mark Bornste... Agile Marketing 101 April 05, 2017 In the ever-changing world of digital marketing, operational efficiency, quick turn-around times, testing and adapting to change are crucial to... Whitepapers How to Create Video at the Speed of Social: 6 Ways to Get Video Produced Faster Video is expected to account for three-quarters of all mobile traffic by 2020.  But, creating powerful, effective video requires a significa... Leveraging Psychology in Digital Marketing Marketers are constantly seeking to engage with their buyers and drive actions that help buyers move rapidly through their customer lifecycl... Contact Us If you have an editorial inquiry, please contact us at socialmediatoday@socialmediatoday.com If you have a technical question, please contact us at support_team@socialmediatoday.com For all other inquiries, please see our CONTACT PAGE About Us Contribute Advertise/Sponsor Privacy Policy Terms of Use DMCA Takedown Policy Connect With SMT Twitter Linkedin Facebook Newsletter Google + Pinterest YouTube RSS Feed ©2016 socialmediatoday.com All rights reserved
About About ValueWalk Corporation Premium explainer Member Login Password Reset Profile Premium Sign Up Explainer Contact Guest Posts And Hedge Fund Letters Advertise Donate to ValueWalk Comments Policy Authors DMCA Legal Disclaimer DMCA Books Editors’ Full List of Book Recommendations Editors Favorite Ten Books Recommendations For Beginners Michael Burry’s List Tom Gayner’s List Donald Yacktman’s List Eddie Lampert’s List Bill Gates’ List Peter Cundill’s List John Griffin’s List Ray Dalio’s List Howard Marks’ List Charlie Munger’s List Bill Ackman’s List Dan Loeb’s List Jim Chanos’s List David Einhorn’s List Jamie Dimon’s List Joel Greenblatt’s List Guy Spier’s Reading List Seth Klarman’s List Warren Buffett’s List John Griffin’s List VALUE INVESTING Screeners Pitroski F Score Screener Valuation Stock Screener Graham-Dodd Stock Screener Stock Watchlists Graham Formula Stock Screener Intrinsic Value Stock Screener Financial Ratios RawCharts Screener RawCharts Data Warren Buffett Screener Price To Cash Flow Distribution; MF And ETFs – Interactive Chart Stockrow Value Research tool Future Value, Investment, CAGR, Rule Of 72 And Other finance Calculators Activist Filing Tracker Investors Academics Aswath Damodaran Kenneth French Eugene Fama James Montier Michael Mauboussin Robert Shiller Activist Investors Wilbur Ross Nelson Peltz Carl Icahn Dan Loeb Eddie Lampert Bill Ackman Buffett’s Superinvestors Warren Buffett Rick Guerin Tom Knapp and Ed Anderson Charlie Munger Stan Perlmeter Bill Ruane Walter Schloss Value Investors Charles Brandes Chris Browne Michael Burry Tom Gayner Benjamin Graham Irving Kahn David Herro Max Heine Michael Larson Mark Mobius Wally Weitz Hedge Fund Managers Kyle Bass Ray Dalio David Einhorn Mario Gabelli’s Joel Greenblatt Jeffrey Gundlach Mason Hawkins Edward Lampert Dan Loeb Howard Marks John Neff Kerr Neilson John Paulson George Soros Alfred Winslow Jones David Tepper’s Legendary Investors John Bogle Bill Gross Jesse Livermore Henry Singleton John Templeton Tiger Cubs The Tiger Cub Culture Bill Hwang — Tiger Asia Patrick McCormack — Tiger Consumer Management Manish Chopra — Tiger Veda Management Hound Partners And Marble Arch Partners Resource Page Chase Coleman — Tiger Global Chris Shumway – Shumway Capital Partners Michael Larson Resource Page Andreas Halvorsen — Viking Global Lee Ainslie — Maverick Capital Ltd Foreign Investors Jeroen Bos Jean-Marie Eveillard Albert Frere Dr Lee Shau Kee Francisco Garcia Timeless Reading Guest Posts and Tips Value Investors Must Read List Studies and Research Papers Warren Buffett’s Shareholder Letters ValueWalk’s Value Fund Interview Series Behavioral Finance Famous Investor Series Links Letters 2015 Letters Q1 2016 Letters Q2 2016 Letters Q3 2016 letters 2016 Letters Q1 2017 Letters About About ValueWalk Corporation Premium explainer Member Login Password Reset Profile Premium Sign Up Explainer Contact Guest Posts And Hedge Fund Letters Advertise Donate to ValueWalk Comments Policy Authors DMCA Legal Disclaimer DMCA Books Editors’ Full List of Book Recommendations Editors Favorite Ten Books Recommendations For Beginners Michael Burry’s List Tom Gayner’s List Donald Yacktman’s List Eddie Lampert’s List Bill Gates’ List Peter Cundill’s List John Griffin’s List Ray Dalio’s List Howard Marks’ List Charlie Munger’s List Bill Ackman’s List Dan Loeb’s List Jim Chanos’s List David Einhorn’s List Jamie Dimon’s List Joel Greenblatt’s List Guy Spier’s Reading List Seth Klarman’s List Warren Buffett’s List John Griffin’s List VALUE INVESTING Screeners Pitroski F Score Screener Valuation Stock Screener Graham-Dodd Stock Screener Stock Watchlists Graham Formula Stock Screener Intrinsic Value Stock Screener Financial Ratios RawCharts Screener RawCharts Data Warren Buffett Screener Price To Cash Flow Distribution; MF And ETFs – Interactive Chart Stockrow Value Research tool Future Value, Investment, CAGR, Rule Of 72 And Other finance Calculators Activist Filing Tracker Investors Academics Aswath Damodaran Kenneth French Eugene Fama James Montier Michael Mauboussin Robert Shiller Activist Investors Wilbur Ross Nelson Peltz Carl Icahn Dan Loeb Eddie Lampert Bill Ackman Buffett’s Superinvestors Warren Buffett Rick Guerin Tom Knapp and Ed Anderson Charlie Munger Stan Perlmeter Bill Ruane Walter Schloss Value Investors Charles Brandes Chris Browne Michael Burry Tom Gayner Benjamin Graham Irving Kahn David Herro Max Heine Michael Larson Mark Mobius Wally Weitz Hedge Fund Managers Kyle Bass Ray Dalio David Einhorn Mario Gabelli’s Joel Greenblatt Jeffrey Gundlach Mason Hawkins Edward Lampert Dan Loeb Howard Marks John Neff Kerr Neilson John Paulson George Soros Alfred Winslow Jones David Tepper’s Legendary Investors John Bogle Bill Gross Jesse Livermore Henry Singleton John Templeton Tiger Cubs The Tiger Cub Culture Bill Hwang — Tiger Asia Patrick McCormack — Tiger Consumer Management Manish Chopra — Tiger Veda Management Hound Partners And Marble Arch Partners Resource Page Chase Coleman — Tiger Global Chris Shumway – Shumway Capital Partners Michael Larson Resource Page Andreas Halvorsen — Viking Global Lee Ainslie — Maverick Capital Ltd Foreign Investors Jeroen Bos Jean-Marie Eveillard Albert Frere Dr Lee Shau Kee Francisco Garcia Timeless Reading Guest Posts and Tips Value Investors Must Read List Studies and Research Papers Warren Buffett’s Shareholder Letters ValueWalk’s Value Fund Interview Series Behavioral Finance Famous Investor Series Links Letters 2015 Letters Q1 2016 Letters Q2 2016 Letters Q3 2016 letters 2016 Letters Q1 2017 Letters Search for: Samsung Galaxy Note 8, Google Pixel 2: The Future Of Android By Christopher Morris on May 27, 2017 1:20 pm in Technology ShareTweetPostFlip Two of the interesting smartphone releases due for the coming months are the Galaxy Note 8 and Google Pixel 2. Google is hoping to establish itself as a significant player in the mobile niche, while Samsung must look to recover from the disastrous exploding Galaxy Note 7. While the appearance of the tenth anniversary iPhone 8 will also pose challenges for both developers. Image Credit: Ivo Maric / Concept Creator / YouTube video (screenshot) Galaxy Note 8: Big screen And the latest reports on the Galaxy Note 8 suggest that the phablet will feature a bigger screen than this year’s Galaxy S8. Whispers from close to the Samsung supply chain in East Asia indicate that the consumer electronics giant is ready to fit the next generation mobile with a 6.4-inch infinity display. After the Galaxy S8 included a wraparound display, and with rumors that Apple will include such a screen in the iPhone 8, it is clear that the industry is heading generally in this direction. And it now also seems likely that the front panel of the Galaxy Note 8 will be dominated by significant screen real estate, while the handset may even be more compact than previous releases. As confirmation of this notion, a video posted by Twitter user @mmddj_china seems to reveal the glass-fronted panel from the upcoming Galaxy Note 8. This device is almost completely free of bezels, with extremely narrow bordering above and below the opening for the display. This is an interesting development, as @mmddj_china is a prominent leaker who has been correct in the past on various tech issues. The glass panel included in the video is also an interesting indication of the direction that Samsung may take. And it will be interesting to see how this stacks up against the design of the Apple iPhone 8. Dual-lens camera Recent reports have also suggested that the Galaxy Note 8 will feature a dual-lens rear camera, with the fingerprint scanner in the device being moved and integrated into the display. This will be made possible by the screen-dominated design, while it is also anticipated that both Samsung and Apple will eliminate Home buttons from their devices before the end of the calendar year. Smartphone insider Ming Chi-Kuo has already indicated his belief that the 3x optical zoom camera featuring six element lenses will be the most important new feature in the next-generation Samsung handset, making the photographic capabilities of the Samsung snapper much better than those of the existing iPhone 7 Plus. There have also been suggestions that Samsung will update the user interface included in the Galaxy Note 8 in order to make it more intuitive and user-friendly. Image Credit: Concept Creator / YouTube video (screenshot) Google Pixel 2 details emerge Meanwhile, more details have emerged regarding the second-generation Google smartphone. The Google Pixel 2 can be considered more of a mid-range device, with the screen of the handset significantly smaller than the Galaxy Note range, or even the iPhone 7 Plus. Google evidently believes that the premium smartphone niche is hugely crowded, and thus is aiming for an entirely different market. Geekbench has posted solid details on the Google Pixel 2 cover, with the general consensus of opinion being that the mega-corporation is currently working on three handsets to comprise this range. It is thought that the device tested by Geekbench will be the largest in the series. Specs from the testing process indicate that the Google Pixel 2 will utilize a CPU described as a “Qualcomm @ 1.90 GHz, 1 processor 8 cores”. This points to the Snapdragon 835 that was used previously in the United States model of the Samsung Galaxy S8. 4GB of RAM will also power the device, while the handset in question was running the O generation of Android, which is due for release later this year, widely tipped to be branded as Android Oreo. The device tested by Geekbench also scored 1,804 in single-core testing and 6,248 in multi-core. Google has yet to confirm the existence of the Pixel 2, but reports have indicated that the new smartphone has three internal codenames at the corporation; namely, Muskie, Walleye and Taimen; one of which refers to the expected Pixel XL 2. There is little concrete information on precisely how these models will differ, and only one version of the Google Pixel 2 turned up on Geekbench. But the general consensus is that there will be variance in size and memory in particular. Wraparound display There is some debate over whether or not the Google Pixel 2 will include a wraparound display. This is obviously becoming a popular trend in the industry, but with the Pixel 2 essentially intended to be an affordable device, it is questionable whether Google will be able to include such a display while keeping the price down. And the price tag of the Google Pixel 2 is certainly expected to be affordable, with a possible $650 launch price being linked with the smartphone in the United States. Considering that the iPhone 8 may retail at a price tag in excess of $1,000, this means that many consumers on a budget may be tempted by the Google handset. Camera improvements However, despite the affordable price tag of the Google Pixel 2, it is still anticipated that Google will make significant improvements to this handset. In particular, camera upgrades are expected, with some reports suggesting that the snapper included in this smartphone will be superior to the existing iPhone 7 camera. Google Assistant Meanwhile, Google has also been working on improving its assistant software with the intention of rivalling the existing Siri and Bixby. In future editions, Google Assistant will enable users to analyse the surrounding world with the assistance of the camera included in Google devices. Google refers to this technology as Google Lens, and there are obvious similarities between this new innovation and the Google Glass hardware that proved to be somewhat unsuccessful for the corporation. Thus, for example, Google Lens users can see restaurant ratings by pointing their phones at a storefront, along with many other titbits of information. With this new technology likely to be included in the Google Pixel 2, this promises to be an innovative and intriguing smartphone release. Tags: Galaxy Note 8 Google Pixel 2 Load Comments Send us your tips at tips(at)valuewalk.com Latest News From ValueWalk Herbalife Expects Lower Guidance; Still No Word On Exec Departure Extensive Notes From Berkshire Hathaway Annual Meeting – May 6, 2017 Mr Market Masters In Business: Marc Andreessen, Venture Capitalist At A16Z Nancy Lazar Discusses The Prospects For The U.S. Economy Copyright © 2017 ValueWalk - Privacy Policy Follow Us: Developed by ValueWalk Team
PhoneDog Android And Me TodaysiPhone NEW Call T-Mobile at (855) 668-8976 TmoNews Unofficial T-Mobile Blog, News, Videos, Articles and more Navigation Home Submit News 700MHz LTE map Upcoming Phones HOT TOPICS: Samsung Galaxy Note 7 LG V20 Google Pixel Extended Range LTE Android 7.0 Nougat You are here: Home > Android O Beta Program launches for Nexus and Pixel devices Android O Beta Program launches for Nexus and Pixel devices May 17, 2017 Alex Wagner 8 Comments Nearly two months after launching an Android O Developer Preview, Google is letting us regular folks try Android O, too. Google today launched the Android O Beta Program, giving owners of select devices the chance to try Android O before it launches to the public later this year. The devices that are eligible for the Android O Beta Program include the Pixel, Pixel XL, Pixel C, Nexus 5X, Nexus 6P, and Nexus Player. If you’ve got one of the eligible devices, you can enroll it in the Android Beta Program by pointing your web browser right here. Once enrolled, your device should receive a software update within 24 hours. While the updates included with this Android O Beta Program are likely more stable that the ones offered in the Android O Developer Preview, this is still a beta that you’ll be testing. That means that software could be buggy, so you may want to think about that before enrolling your daily driver into the Android O Beta Program. Google has only announced a handful of new Android O features so far. Those include a focus on improving battery life by utilizing new automatic limits on app background performance, picture-in-picture support while watching video, adaptive icons, and more. Are you going to try the Android O Beta Program? Source: Android Beta Program Tags: Android, Android O, Android O Beta Program About Alex Wagner Editorial Director of News and Content for PhoneDog Media. Arsenal, beer, video games. Can be found on Twitter at @alw. View all posts by Alex Wagner → ← Next week’s T-Mobile Tuesday includes free pizza, Shell gas discount T-Mobile executives talk merger, say Sprint is a logical partner → AP Mustard Limiting the resources background processes have access to? Who could have imagined such an idea! KrisKordova Really though. Android’s way of RAM management can be problematic because of this & not flawless as many try to claim it is. Not really an issue with Nougat for whatever reason, but it was for sure with my Marshmallow devices. Clearing the RAM w/ Samsung’s built in task/ram management was the only way to get things moving. Snapchat was one of the biggest offenders regarding being in the background yet hogging excessive processing resources. Paul Sousa Downloading now! They_Call_Me_Bruce Does T mobile still offer the bill credits if you buy a Pixel? BreakingData Yes, That does appear to still be going on https://www.t-mobile.com/offer/google-pixel-phone-offer.html Liam Mitchell Home based mama Kelly Richards from New York after leaving from her fulltime duty has able to get paid from 26 thousand dollars-28 thousand dollars per month from freelancing in the house… This is how she working it >>> URLFAT.COM/4C5 Juan Herrera Is anyone else running O in a 6P? I have poor battery life and at times the phone is sluggish. I updated to build version 019 on Friday and the battery seems to be a bit better but still requires a recharge before I get home from work. Tom When will my Nexus 6 and Nexus 9 get the update? Select a phone: (optional) + - Any - 3G|4G U301 USB Modem Acer Aspire One Netbook Acer Liquid M220 Airave 2.5 Plus Alcatel 510A Alcatel 768 Alcatel 871A GoPhone Alcatel A392G Alcatel Fling Alcatel One Touch 991 Alcatel One Touch Evolve Alcatel OneTouch Conquest Alcatel OneTouch Elevate Alcatel OneTouch Evolve 2 ALCATEL ONETOUCH Fierce Alcatel OneTouch Fierce 2 Alcatel Onetouch Idol 3 (4.7") Alcatel Onetouch Idol 3 (5.5") Alcatel OneTouch Pop 7 Alcatel OneTouch Pop Icon Alcatel OneTouch Pop Mega Alcatel OneTouch Pop Star LTE Alcatel OneTouch Retro ALCATEL OneTouch Sonic LTE Alcatel Pop C9 Alcatel Pop D3 Alcatel Venture Amazon Fire Phone Anna Sui Mobile by Samsung Apple iPad 2 16GB Apple iPad 2 32GB Apple iPad 2 64GB Apple iPad Air Apple iPad Air 2 Apple iPad Mini Apple iPad mini 2 Apple iPad Mini 3 Apple iPad mini 4 Apple iPad mini with Retina Display Apple iPad Pro Apple iPad with Retina Display Apple iPhone 16 GB Apple iPhone 3G 16 GB Apple iPhone 3G 8 GB Apple iPhone 3G S 32 GB Apple iPhone 3GS Apple iPhone 4 Apple iPhone 4S Apple iPhone 5 Apple iPhone 5c Apple iPhone 5s Apple iPhone 6 Apple iPhone 6 Plus Apple iPhone 6s Apple iPhone 6s Plus ASUS MeMO Pad 7 LTE ASUS MeMO Pad FHD 10 LTE ASUS PadFone X mini ASUS ZenFone 2 ASUS ZenWatch 2 AT&T Avail 2 AT&T F160 AT&T Impulse 4G AT&T Mobile Hotspot Elevate 4G AT&T Mobile Hotspot MiFi 2372 AT&T Quickfire AT&T Radiant GoPhone AT&T Unite AT&T Unite Pro AT&T USBConnect 900 AT&T USBConnect Adrenaline AT&T USBConnect Force 4G AT&T USBConnect Mercury AT&T USBConnect Momentum 4G AT&T USBConnect Shockwave AT&T USBConnect Turbo AT&T USBConnect Velocity AT&T Z222 GoPhone AT&T Z331 AT&T Z998 GoPhone Audiovox CDM-8940 Audiovox PC5740 EVDO PC Card Audiovox VI600 Audiovox XV6600 Betsey Johnson Mobile by Samsung Big Button Flip Alcatel A392G BlackBerry 7130e BlackBerry 7250 BlackBerry 7290 BlackBerry 8703e BlackBerry 8820 BlackBerry Bold BlackBerry Bold 9650 BlackBerry Bold 9700 BlackBerry Bold 9780 BlackBerry Bold 9900 BlackBerry Bold 9930 BlackBerry Classic BlackBerry Curve 3G BlackBerry Curve 3G 9300 BlackBerry Curve 8320 BlackBerry Curve 8330 BlackBerry Curve 8350i BlackBerry Curve 8520 BlackBerry Curve 8530 BlackBerry Curve 8900 BlackBerry Curve 9310 BlackBerry Curve 9315 BlackBerry Curve 9330 BlackBerry Curve 9350 BlackBerry Curve 9360 BlackBerry Curve 9370 BlackBerry Leap BlackBerry Passport BlackBerry Pearl BlackBerry Pearl 3G BlackBerry Pearl 8110 BlackBerry Pearl 8120 BlackBerry Pearl 8130 BlackBerry Pearl Flip 8220 BlackBerry Pearl Flip 8230 BlackBerry Priv BlackBerry Q10 BlackBerry Storm BlackBerry Storm2 BlackBerry Style BlackBerry Torch 9800 BlackBerry Torch 9810 BlackBerry Torch 9850 BlackBerry Torch 9860 BlackBerry Tour BlackBerry Z10 BlackBerry Z30 Blackphone 2 BLU Advance 4.0 BLU Dash 5.0+ BLU Life View BLU Neo 4.5 BLU Studio 5.0 BLU Studio 5.0 C BLU Studio 5.0 II BLU Studio 5.0 II BLU Studio 5.0C BLU Studio 6.0 HD BLU Studio C Mini BLU Studio Energy BLU Studio Mini LTE BLU Studio Selfie LTE Boost MAX by ZTE Boost Warp 4G by ZTE Brigadier by Kyocera Casio EXILIM Casio G'zOne Boulder CASIO G'zONE Ravine 2 (Non-Camera) Casio GzOne Brigade Casio GzOne Commando Casio GzOne Ravine Casio GzOne Ravine 2 Casio GzOne Rock CAT B15Q CAT S40 Compaq Mini 110c-1048NR Coolpad Arise Coolpad Flo Coolpad Quattro 4G Dell Inspiron 14z Laptop Dell Inspiron Mini 10 with T-Mobile webConnect Dell Inspiron Mini 1012 Dell Streak 7 Diane Von Furstenberg Mobile by Samsung DROID 2 by Motorola DROID 2 Global by Motorola DROID 3 by Motorola DROID 4 by Motorola DROID BIONIC 4G by Motorola DROID by Motorola DROID CHARGE by Samsung Droid DNA by HTC DROID ERIS by HTC DROID INCREDIBLE 2 by HTC DROID Incredible 4G LTE by HTC DROID INCREDIBLE by HTC DROID Pro by Motorola DROID R2 D2 by Motorola DROID RAZR by Motorola DROID RAZR by Motorola 16GB DROID RAZR HD by Motorola DROID RAZR M by Motorola DROID RAZR MAXX by Motorola DROID RAZR MAXX HD by Motorola DROID Turbo DROID X by Motorola DROID X2 by Motorola Enact by LG Ericsson c905a Ericsson Equinox Ericsson TM506 Ericsson Vivaz Ericsson W350 Ericsson W518a Ericsson w760a Ericsson Z750a Firefly Fivespot Global Ready Franklin Wireless U680 USB Galaxy Nexus by Samsung Garmin Garminfone Garmin nuvifone G60 Gateway LT2016u Netbook Google Nexus 4 Google Nexus 5 Google Nexus 6 Google Nexus 9 Google Pixel C HP iPAQ Glisten HP Mini 110 Netbook HP Mini 110-1050NR HP Mini 1151NR Netbook HP Mini 210-1076NR Netbook HP Mini 311-1037NR Netbook HP Veer 4G HTC 8XT HTC Amaze HTC Aria HTC Arrive HTC Desire HTC Desire 510 HTC Desire 526 HTC Desire 610 HTC Desire 612 HTC Desire 626 HTC Desire 626s HTC Desire 816 HTC Desire 826 HTC Desire EYE HTC Droid DNA HTC EVO 3D HTC EVO 4G HTC EVO 4G LTE HTC EVO Design 4G HTC EVO Shift 4G HTC EVO View 4G HTC First HTC Freestyle HTC FUZE HTC HD 7 HTC HD2 HTC HD7S HTC Hero HTC Imagio HTC Inspire 4G HTC Jetstream HTC Merge HTC Mogul Pocket PC 6800 HTC One HTC One (E8) HTC One (M8) HTC One (M8) For Windows HTC One A9 HTC One M9 HTC One Max HTC One mini HTC One remix HTC One S HTC One SV HTC One V HTC One X HTC One X+ HTC Ozone HTC PPC6800 HTC Pure HTC Radar HTC Rezound HTC Rhyme HTC S621 Excalibur HTC S630 Cavalier HTC Sensation HTC Snap HTC Status HTC Surround HTC Thunderbolt HTC Tilt 2 HTC Titan HTC Titan II HTC Touch HTC Touch Diamond HTC Touch Pro HTC Touch Pro 2 HTC Trophy HTC Vivid HTC Wildfire S Huawei Activa 4G Huawei Ascend HUAWEI Ascend II Huawei Ascend Mate 2 Huawei Ascend Plus Huawei Ascend W1 Huawei Ascend Y Huawei EC168 Huawei Glory Huawei H210C Huawei H215G Huawei H866C Huawei Honor 6 Plus Huawei Inspira Huawei M735 Huawei M835 Huawei Mate S Huawei Nexus 6P Huawei P8 lite Huawei Pal Huawei Pinnacle Huawei Premia 4G Huawei SnapTo Huawei Summit Huawei U8651T Prism Huawei Union Huawei Valiant Huawei Verge Huawei Vitria Huawei Watch Jolla Tablet KIN One KIN Two Kyocera 126C Kyocera 323 Kyocera Brigadier Kyocera Brio Kyocera Coast Kyocera Contact Kyocera DuraCore Kyocera DuraForce Kyocera DuraMax Kyocera DuraPlus Kyocera DuraShock Kyocera DuraXT Kyocera DuraXV Kyocera E1000 Kyocera E1100 Neo Kyocera E2000 Kyocera Echo Kyocera Event Kyocera Hydro Kyocera Hydro Edge Kyocera Hydro Elite Kyocera Hydro Icon Kyocera Hydro Vibe Kyocera Hydro Wave Kyocera Hydro XTRM Kyocera K132 Kyocera Kona Kyocera Loft Kyocera Milano Kyocera Presto Kyocera Rise Kyocera SE47 Slider Kyocera Torino Kyocera Torque Kyocera TorqueXT Kyocera Verve LG 221C LG 101 LG 1500 LG 220C LG 231C LG 235C LG 236C LG 320G LG 400G LG 450 LG 500G LG 505C LG 511C LG 600G LG 620G LG 800G LG 900G LG A340 LG A380 LG Access LTE LG Accolade LG Ally LG Arena LG Aspire LG AX155 LG AX300 LG AX310 LG AX565 LG AX8600 LG Banter LG Beacon LG CF360 LG Chocolate 3 LG Chocolate Touch LG Chocolate VX8550 LG Chocolate White LG Clout LG Connect 4G LG Cosmos LG Cosmos 2 LG Cosmos 3 LG Cosmos Touch LG Dare LG Decoy LG dLite LG Doubleplay LG Enact LG Encore LG Enlighten LG enV Touch LG enV VX11000 LG enV VX9900 LG enV2 LG enV3 LG Escape LG Esteem LG Exalt LG eXpo LG Extravert LG Extravert 2 LG Fathom LG G Flex LG G Flex 2 LG G Pad 10.1 LTE LG G Pad 10.1 LTE LG G Pad 7.0 LTE LG G Pad 7.0 LTE LG G Pad 8.3 LG G Pad F7.0 LG G Stylo LG G Vista LG G Vista 2 LG G2 LG G3 LG G3 Vigor LG G4 LG Glance LG Glimmer LG Google Nexus 4 LG GS170 LG GU295 LG INCITE LG Intuition LG Invision LG L35G SIM4 LG Lancet LG Leon LTE LG Lotus LG Lotus Elite LG Lucid 2 LG Lucid 3 LG Lucky LG LX150 LG LX160 LG LX290 LG LX350 LG LX370 LG LX400 LG LX550 LG Mach LG Marquee LG Migo LG Motion 4G LG Muziq LX570 LG Neon LG Neon II LG Nexus 5X LG Nitro HD LG Octane LG Optimus Black LG Optimus Dynamic LG Optimus Dynamic II LG Optimus Elite LG Optimus Exceed LG Optimus Exceed 2 LG Optimus Extreme LG Optimus F3 LG Optimus F3Q LG Optimus F6 LG Optimus F7 LG Optimus Fuel LG Optimus G LG Optimus G Pro LG Optimus L70 LG Optimus L9 LG Optimus L90 LG Optimus Logic LG Optimus M LG Optimus M+ LG Optimus Net LG Optimus One P500 LG Optimus Q LG Optimus S LG Optimus SHOWTIME LG Optimus T LG Optimus Ultimate LG Optimus Zip LG Optimus Zone LG Optimus Zone 2 LG Phoenix LG PM-225 LG Prime LG Quantum LG Realm LG Remarq LG Revere LG Revere 2 LG Revere 3 LG Revolution LG Rhythm LG Rumor LG Rumor 2 LG Rumor Reflex LG Rumor Reflex S LG Rumor Touch LG Scoop LG Sentio LG Shine CU720 LG Shine II LG Spirit 4G LG Sunrise LG Swift LG Thrill LG Transpyre LG Tribute LG Tribute 2 LG Tritan LG Ultimate 2 LG UX145 LG UX260 LG UX280 LG UX300 LG UX380 LG UX565 LG UX830 LG V10 LG Venice LG Versa LG VI-125 LG VI-5225 LG Viper LG VL600 4G USB Modem LG Volt LG Volt 2 LG Vortex LG Vu CU915 LG Vu CU920 LG Vu Plus LG VX3100 LG VX3300 LG VX3400 LG VX3450 LG VX3450L LG VX4400 LG VX4500 LG VX5200 LG VX5400 LG VX5500 LG VX7000 LG VX8000 LG VX8300 LG VX8350 LG VX8360 LG VX8600 LG VX9800 LG Watch Urbane LG Xenon LG Xpression LG Xpression 2 LG100C LG200C LG225 LG300G LG400G LG501C LG620G LG900G Lucid 3 by LG Lucid by LG Microsoft Lumia 535 Microsoft Lumia 550 Microsoft Lumia 640 Microsoft Lumia 640 XL Microsoft Lumia 950 Microsoft Lumia 950 XL MiFi 2200 Mobile Hotspot MiFi 3G/4G Mobile Hotspot MiFi 500 LTE by Novatel Wireless Moto 360 (2nd Gen) 42mm Moto 360 (2nd Gen) 46mm Moto 360 Sport Motorola 408 Motorola A1200 Ming Motorola A630 Motorola ACTV Motorola Admiral Motorola Adventure V750 Motorola Atrix 2 Motorola Atrix 4G Motorola Atrix HD Motorola Backflip Motorola Bali Motorola Barrage Motorola Bravo Motorola Brute i680 Motorola Brute i686 Motorola Buzz ic502 Motorola C139 Motorola C168i Motorola Charm Motorola Citrus Motorola CLIQ Motorola CLIQ 2 Motorola CLIQ XT Motorola Clutch i465 Motorola Clutch i475 Motorola Debut i856 Motorola Defy Motorola Defy XT Motorola Devour Motorola Droid Bionic Motorola DROID MAXX Motorola DROID Maxx 2 Motorola DROID Mini Motorola DROID Turbo 2 Motorola DROID Ultra Motorola Droid XYBoard 10.1 Motorola Droid XYBoard 8.2 Motorola E815 Motorola EM326g Motorola EM330 Motorola Entice Motorola Evoke Motorola EX124G Motorola EX431G Motorola Flipout Motorola Flipside Motorola Gallo i296 Motorola Hint Motorola Hint QA30 Motorola i1 Motorola i412 Motorola i530b Motorola i530y Motorola i570 Motorola i576 Motorola i605 Motorola i710 Motorola i776 Motorola i830 Motorola i880 Motorola i886 Motorola i890 Motorola Karma QA1 Motorola Krave ZN4 Motorola KRZR K1 Motorola KRZR K1m Motorola L2 Motorola L6 Motorola Luge Motorola Moto E (1st Gen) Motorola Moto E (2nd Gen) Motorola Moto G Motorola Moto G (3rd Gen) Motorola Moto X Motorola Moto X (2014) Motorola Moto X Play Motorola Moto X Style (Pure Edition) Motorola MOTORAZR maxx Ve Motorola MOTORAZR VE20 Motorola PEBL Motorola PHOTON 4G Motorola Photon Q Motorola Q9 Global Motorola Q9c Motorola Q9m Motorola Rambler Motorola Rapture VU30 Motorola RAZR V3 Motorola RAZR V3 Dolce & Gabbana Motorola RAZR V3c Motorola RAZR V3c Motorola RAZR V3i/ V3t/ V3r Motorola RAZR V3m Motorola RAZR V3xx Motorola RAZR2 V9m Motorola Renegade V950 Motorola Renew Motorola Rival Motorola RIZR Z3 Motorola RIZR Z6c Motorola ROKR Motorola ROKR E8 Motorola ROKR U9 Motorola ROKR Z6 Motorola SLVR L7c Motorola Stature i9 Motorola T722i Motorola Theory Motorola Titanium Motorola Triumph Motorola Tundra Motorola V120e Motorola V171 Motorola V180 Motorola V190 Motorola V195 Motorola V220 Motorola V235 Motorola V260 Motorola V325 Motorola V360 Motorola V551 Motorola V600 Motorola V60s Motorola V710 Motorola VE465 Motorola VU204 Motorola W315 Motorola W375g Motorola W380 Motorola W385 Motorola W408g Motorola W409G Motorola W418G Motorola W490 Motorola W755 Motorola XOOM Motorola XOOM 4G LTE Motorola XPRT Motorola Z9 Motorola Zine ZN5 myTouch 4G NEC Terrain Netgear 341U USB Modem Netgear Mingle Mobile Hotspot Netgear Zing Nexbit Robin Nexus S 4G Nexus S from Google Nokia 1208 Nokia 1600 Nokia 1616 Nokia 1661 Nokia 1680 Nokia 2320 Nokia 2330 Nokia 2600 Nokia 2605 Mirage Nokia 2610 Nokia 2630 Nokia 2660 Nokia 2680 Nokia 2720 Nokia 2760 Nokia 3220 Nokia 3555 Nokia 3588i Nokia 3660 Nokia 3711 Nokia 5130 Nokia 5230 Nuron Nokia 5310 XpressMusic Nokia 5610 Nokia 6010 Nokia 6015i Nokia 6030 Nokia 6085 Nokia 6101 Nokia 6102i Nokia 6133 Nokia 6165i Nokia 6205 Nokia 6215i Nokia 6236i Nokia 6263 Nokia 6301 Nokia 6315i Nokia 6350 Nokia 6555 Nokia 6650 Nokia 6800 Nokia 7205 Intrigue Nokia 7510 Nokia 7705 Twist Nokia Astound Nokia C3 Nokia E71 Nokia E71x Nokia E73 Mode Nokia Lumia 1020 Nokia Lumia 1520 Nokia Lumia 2520 Nokia Lumia 520 Nokia Lumia 521 Nokia Lumia 530 Nokia Lumia 625 Nokia Lumia 635 Nokia Lumia 710 Nokia Lumia 810 Nokia Lumia 820 Nokia Lumia 822 Nokia Lumia 830 Nokia Lumia 900 Nokia Lumia 920 Nokia Lumia 925 Nokia Lumia 928 Nokia Lumia Icon Nokia Mural Nokia N1 Nokia N73 Nokia N75 Nokia N95 8GB Nokia NGage Nokia Surge Nokia Twist 7705 Nokia VI-3155 Nokia X2 Novatel EX720 ExpressCard Novatel Merlin C777 Novatel Merlin S620 Novatel MiFi 2200 Novatel MiFi 5580 Novatel Ovation U727 Novatel Ovation U760 Novatel PC770 PCmCIA Novatel S720 Novatel U760 Novatel USB1000 Global Modem Novatel V620 EVDO PC Card Novatel V640 PC/Mac USB Broadband Card Novatel V740 PC/Mac Wireless Broadband Card OnePlus 2 OnePlus One OnePlus X Option Quicksilver USB Modem Overdrive 3G 4G Mobile Hotspot Overdrive Pro 3G/4G Hotspot Palm Centro Palm M500 Palm Pixi Palm Pixi Plus Palm Pre Palm Pre 2 Palm Pre Plus Palm Pro Palm Pro Palm Treo 650 Palm Treo 700p Palm Treo 700w Palm Treo 700wx Palm Treo 755p Palm Treo 800w Palm Treo Pro Pantech Breakout Pantech Breeze Pantech Breeze II Pantech Breeze III Pantech Burst Pantech C120 Pantech C300 Pantech C3b Pantech C610 Pantech Caper Pantech Crossover Pantech Crux Pantech Ease Pantech Hotshot Pantech Impact Pantech Jest 2 Pantech Laser Pantech Link Pantech Link II Pantech Marauder Pantech Matrix Pantech Matrix Pro Pantech Perception Pantech PN-820 Pantech Pocket Pantech Pursuit Pantech Pursuit II Pantech Renue Pantech Reveal Pantech Slate Pantech Swift Pantech UML290 4G USB Modem Pantech UML295 LTE USB Modem PCD Chaser Phone Connect 3 Plum Might Z513 Que 4.5 Que 5.0 REEF RIM BlackBerry 6710 RIM BlackBerry 7100t RIM BlackBerry 7105t RIM BlackBerry 7130e RIM BlackBerry 7230 RIM BlackBerry 8700g Rugged CAT S50 S275G Samsung 4G Mobile Hotspot LC11 Samsung A107 Samsung A117 Samsung A127 Samsung A137 Samsung A167 Samsung A187 Samsung A197 Samsung A237 Samsung A580 Samsung A630 Samsung A637 Samsung A650 Samsung A670 Samsung A777 Samsung A870 Samsung A890 Samsung A930 Samsung A950 Samsung A970 Samsung A990 Samsung Access Samsung Ace i325 Samsung Admire Samsung Alias 2 Samsung Array Samsung ATIV Odyssey Samsung ATIV S Neo Samsung ATIV SE Samsung Beat Samsung Behold Samsung Behold II Samsung BlackJack i607 Samsung BlackJack II i617 Samsung Brightside Samsung Captivate Samsung Captivate Glide Samsung Comeback Samsung Conquer 4G Samsung Continuum Samsung Contour 2 Samsung Convoy Samsung Convoy 2 Samsung Convoy 3 Samsung Craft Samsung D415 Samsung D900 Samsung Dart Samsung Delve Samsung DoubleTime Samsung E105 Samsung E315 Samsung E335 Samsung E635 Samsung E715 Samsung Entro Samsung Epic Samsung Epix Samsung Eternity Samsung Eternity II Samsung Evergreen Samsung Exclaim Samsung Exhibit 4G Samsung Exhibit II 4G Samsung Factor Samsung Fascinate Samsung Flight Samsung Flight II Samsung FlipShot SCH-U900 Samsung Focus Samsung Focus 2 Samsung Focus Flash Samsung Focus S Samsung Freeform Samsung Freeform II Samsung Freeform III Samsung Freeform M Samsung Galaxy Ace Samsung Galaxy Ace 4 LTE Samsung Galaxy Ace Style Samsung Galaxy Admire 4G Samsung Galaxy Alpha Samsung Galaxy Appeal Samsung Galaxy Attain 4G Samsung Galaxy Avant Samsung Galaxy Centura Samsung Galaxy Core Prime Samsung Galaxy Discover Samsung Galaxy Exhibit Samsung Galaxy Exhilarate Samsung Galaxy Express GoPhone Samsung Galaxy Grand Prime Samsung Galaxy Indulge Samsung Galaxy J1 LTE Samsung Galaxy Light Samsung Galaxy Mega 2 Samsung Galaxy Mega 6.3 Samsung Galaxy Note Samsung Galaxy Note 10.1 Samsung Galaxy Note 3 Samsung Galaxy Note 4 Samsung Galaxy Note 5 Samsung Galaxy Note Edge Samsung Galaxy Note II Samsung Galaxy Note Pro Samsung Galaxy Precedent Samsung Galaxy Prevail Samsung Galaxy Prevail 2 Samsung Galaxy Proclaim Samsung Galaxy Reverb Samsung Galaxy Ring Samsung Galaxy Rugby Pro Samsung Galaxy Rush Samsung Galaxy S 4 zoom Samsung Galaxy S 4G Samsung Galaxy S Blaze Samsung Galaxy S II Samsung Galaxy S II Skyrocket Samsung Galaxy S III Samsung Galaxy S III Mini Samsung Galaxy S Lightray 4G Samsung Galaxy S Relay 4G Samsung Galaxy S4 Samsung Galaxy S4 Active Samsung Galaxy S4 Mini Samsung Galaxy S5 Samsung Galaxy S5 Active Samsung Galaxy S5 mini Samsung Galaxy S5 Sport Samsung Galaxy S6 Samsung Galaxy S6 Active Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge Samsung Galaxy S6 edge+ Samsung Galaxy Stardust Samsung Galaxy Stellar Samsung Galaxy Stratosphere II Samsung Galaxy Tab Samsung Galaxy Tab 2 Samsung Galaxy Tab 3 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 10.1 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 8.0 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4G - 16GB Samsung Galaxy Tab 4G - 32GB Samsung Galaxy Tab S Samsung Galaxy Tab S 10.5 Samsung Galaxy Tab S 10.5 Samsung Galaxy Tab S 8.4 Samsung Galaxy Tab S2 9.7 Samsung Galaxy Victory 4G LTE Samsung Galaxy View Samsung Gear 2 Samsung Gear S2 Samsung Gleam U700 Samsung Glyde Samsung GO Netbook Samsung Gravity Samsung Gravity 2 Samsung Gravity 3 Samsung Gravity Q Samsung Gravity SMART Samsung Gravity T Samsung Gravity TXT Samsung Gusto Samsung Gusto 2 Samsung Gusto 3 Samsung Haven Samsung Highlight Samsung Highnote Samsung Hue II Samsung Illusion Samsung Impression Samsung Infuse 4G Samsung Instinct Samsung Instinct HD Samsung Instinct S30 Samsung Intensity Samsung Intensity II Samsung Intensity III Samsung Intercept Samsung Intrepid Samsung IP-830 Samsung IP-A790 Samsung Jack Samsung Juke U470 Samsung Katalyst T739 Samsung Knack U310 Samsung M220 Samsung M240 Samsung M300 Samsung M320 Samsung M330 Samsung M360 Samsung M370 Samsung M400 Samsung M500 Samsung M510 Samsung M520 Samsung M610 Samsung Magnet Samsung Matrix Samsung Memoir Samsung MM-A920 Samsung Moment Samsung Muse Samsung MyShot Samsung Mysto Samsung Mythic Samsung Omnia Samsung Omnia II Samsung PM-A740 Samsung Precedent Samsung Propel Samsung Propel Pro Samsung R225m Samsung R335C Samsung R375C Samsung R451C Samsung R455C Samsung R610 Samsung Rant Samsung Reality Samsung Reclaim Samsung Renown Samsung Replenish Samsung Restore Samsung Rogue Samsung Rugby Samsung Rugby 4 Samsung Rugby II Samsung Rugby Smart Samsung S275G Samsung S380C Samsung S390G Samsung S425G Samsung Saga Samsung SCH-i600 Samsung SCH-i730 Samsung SCH-U340 Samsung SCH-U540 Samsung SCH-U620 Samsung SCH-U740 Samsung Seek Samsung SGH-T199 Samsung Smiley Samsung Smooth Samsung Solstice Samsung Solstice II Samsung SP-i600 Samsung Spex r210 Samsung SPH-i700 Samsung Stratosphere Samsung Stripe T329 Samsung Strive Samsung Sunburst Samsung Sway Samsung T109 Samsung T119 Samsung T139 Samsung T159 Samsung T201G Samsung T209 Samsung T219 Samsung T229 Samsung T239 Samsung T249 Samsung t259 Samsung T309 Samsung T319 Samsung T339 Samsung T349 Samsung T369 Samsung T401G Samsung T404G Samsung T439 Samsung T509 Samsung T519 Trace Samsung T528G Samsung T609 Samsung T619 Samsung T629 Samsung T639 Samsung t659 Samsung T719 Samsung T809 Samsung T819 Samsung Trance Samsung Transform Samsung Transform Ultra Samsung Trender Samsung U430 Samsung U450 Samsung U550 Samsung Upstage M620 Samsung VI660 Samsung Vibrant Samsung X427M Samsung X495 Samsung Z400 Samsung Z700 Samsung Zeal Sanyo 7050 Sanyo 8400 Sanyo Incognito Sanyo Innuendo Sanyo Innuendo by Kyocera Sanyo Katana Sanyo Katana DLX Sanyo Katana Eclipse Sanyo Katana Eclipse X Sanyo Katana II Sanyo Katana LX Sanyo M1 Sanyo MM-8300 Sanyo PRO-200 Sanyo PRO-700 Sanyo S1 Sanyo SCP-2400 Sanyo SCP-2700 Sanyo SCP-3100 Sanyo SCP-3200 Sanyo SCP-3810 Sanyo Taho by Kyocera Sanyo Vero by Kyocera Sanyo Zio Saygus V2 Sharp Aquos Crystal Sharp FX Sharp FX PLUS Siemens CF62T Sierra 598 USB Modem Sierra USB Lightning 305 Sierra Wireless 4G LTE Tri-Fi Hotspot Sierra Wireless AC595 PCMCIA Wireless Card Sierra Wireless AC595U USB PC/Mac Card Sierra Wireless AC597 ExpressCard PC/Mac Card Sierra Wireless AirCard 402 Sierra Wireless Compass 597 USB Modem SKY 4.0 Sky 5.0L Sonim XP STRIKE Sonim XP6 Sony C1904 Xperia M Sony Ericsson Equinox Sony Ericsson GC79 Cellular and WiFi PC Card Sony Ericsson GC89 PCMCIA PC Cell WiFi Card Sony Ericsson J220a Sony Ericsson K550 Sony Ericsson T290a Sony Ericsson T610 Sony Ericsson TM506 Sony Ericsson W580i Sony Ericsson W810i Sony Ericsson Xperia PLAY Sony Ericsson Z300 Sony Ericsson Z310a Sony Ericsson Z750a Sony Ericsson Z780 Sony Xperia E3 Sony Xperia E4 Sony Xperia M Sony Xperia M4 Aqua Sony Xperia PLAY 4G Sony Xperia T3 LTE Sony Xperia X10 Sony Xperia Z Sony Xperia Z1S Sony Xperia Z2 Sony Xperia Z3 Sony Xperia Z3 Compact Sony Xperia Z3+ Sony Xperia Z3v Sony Xperia Z4 Sony Xperia Z4 Tablet Sony Xperia Z4v Sony Xperia Z5 Sony Xperia Z5 Compact Sony Xperia Z5 Premium Spectrum 2 by LG Spectrum by LG Sprint 3G 4G U600 USB Modem Sprint 3G/4G Plug-in Connect USB Sprint 3G|4G USB 250U Sprint Flash Sprint Force Sprint LivePro Sprint Phone Connect 2 Sprint Plug-in-Connect Trimode Sprint Pocket WiFi Sprint PPC 6700 Sprint Vital Sprint WeGo T-Mobile 4G LTE HotSpot Z915 T-Mobile 4G Mobile Hotspot T-Mobile 665 T-Mobile 768 T-Mobile Comet T-Mobile Concord T-Mobile Concord II T-Mobile Dash T-Mobile Dash 3G T-Mobile G-Slate with Google T-Mobile G1 T-Mobile G2 T-Mobile G2x T-Mobile Jet 2.0 4G Stick T-Mobile MDA T-Mobile myTouch T-Mobile myTouch 3G T-Mobile myTouch 3G Slide T-Mobile myTouch 4G T-Mobile myTouch 4G Slide T-Mobile myTouch by LG T-Mobile myTouch Q T-Mobile myTouch Q by LG T-Mobile Prism T-Mobile Prism II T-Mobile Rocket 3.0 4G Laptop T-Mobile SDA T-Mobile Shadow T-Mobile Sidekick T-Mobile Sidekick 3 T-Mobile Sidekick 4G T-Mobile Sidekick iD T-Mobile Sidekick II T-Mobile Sidekick LX T-Mobile Sidekick Slide T-Mobile Sonic 4G T-Mobile Sparq T-Mobile Sparq II T-Mobile Tap T-Mobile webConnect Jet USB T-Mobile webConnect USB T-Mobile Wing Turing Phone UNIMAX MAXBravo Unimax MXE-675 UT Starcom PC-5740 UTStarcom Blitz UTStarcom CDM-8945 UTStarcom CDM-8975 UTStarcom Coupe UTStarcom PC5750 PCMCIA PC Broadband Card UTStarcom SMT5800 UTStarcom UM150 USB Modem UTStarcom UM175 USB UTStarcom XV6800 Pocket PC Verizon 4G LTE Broadband Router with Voice Verizon 4G LTE MiFi 4510L Verizon 4G LTE USB Modem 551L Verizon 4G LTE USB Modem UML295 Verizon AD3700 Global USB Verizon Adamant Verizon Blitz Verizon CDM8950 Verizon CDM8975 Verizon Ellipsis 8 Verizon Ellipsis Jetpack MHS800L Verizon Escapade Verizon GzOne Boulder Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot - MiFi 4620L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot - MiFi 5510L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot - MiFi MHS291L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot 890L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot MHS291L Verizon Jetpack MiFi 4620LE 4G LTE Verizon Jetpack MiFi 5510L 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot Verizon Jetpack MiFi 6620L Verizon Razzle Verizon SMT5800 Verizon UM175 USB Data Modem Verizon UMW190 Global USB Verizon USB760 Modem Verizon VX6900 Verizon Wireless Fivespot Global Ready 3G Mobile Hotspot Verizon Wireless Home Phone Connect Verizon Wireless Salute Verizon Wireless Turbine 7.0 Verizon Wireless USB551L Virgin Mobile Awe webConnect Rocket HSPA+ Windows Phone 8S Windows Phone 8X Xperia ion by Sony YotaPhone 2 ZTE Anthem 4G ZTE Aspect ZTE Avid 4G ZTE Axon Pro ZTE Boost Max+ ZTE Compel ZTE Concord II ZTE Force ZTE Fury ZTE Grand S3 ZTE Grand X Max+ ZTE Illustra ZTE Majesty ZTE Maven ZTE Merit ZTE Midnight ZTE Nubia 5S Mini ZTE Optik ZTE Overture 2 ZTE Prestige ZTE Quartz ZTE Rapido LTE ZTE Savvy ZTE Score M ZTE Solar ZTE Speed ZTE Supreme ZTE Unico LTE ZTE Valet ZTE Vital ZTE Warp ZTE Warp Elite ZTE Warp Sequent ZTE Warp Sync ZTE Whirl ZTE Z432 ZTE Z667 ZTE Zephyr ZTE Zinger ZTE ZMAX ZTE ZMAX 2 AT&T GoPhone $30 Monthly Plan for Smartphones AT&T GoPhone $40 Monthly Plan for Smartphones AT&T GoPhone $45 Smartphone Monthly Plan with Data AT&T GoPhone $60 Smartphone Monthly Plan with Data AT&T Mobile Share 10GB AT&T Mobile Share 15GB AT&T Mobile Share 1GB AT&T Mobile Share 20GB AT&T Mobile Share 2GB AT&T Mobile Share 300MB AT&T Mobile Share 40GB AT&T Mobile Share 4GB AT&T Mobile Share 50GB AT&T Mobile Share 6GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 10GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 15GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 1GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 20GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 25GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 2GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 300MB AT&T Mobile Share Value 30GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 3GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 40GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 50GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 5GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 60GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 6GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 7GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 8GB Boost Mobile BlackBerry Monthly Unlimited Boost Mobile Data Boost Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited Plan with Shrinking Payments Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited Select Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited with Growing Data CREDO Mobile 10GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 15GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 1GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 2GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 3GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 4GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 6GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 8GB Shared Data Plan FreedomPop Unlimited Talk & Text 1GB FreedomPop Unlimited Talk & Text 500MB GIV Mobile The 20 Plan GIV Mobile The 25 Plan GIV Mobile The 30 Plan GIV Mobile The 40 Plan GIV Mobile The 60 Plan MetroPCS $40 Unlimited Talk, Text and Data MetroPCS $50 Unlimited Talk, Text and Data MetroPCS $60 Unlimited Talk, Text and Data Net10 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data Net10 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data Family (2+ Lines) Republic Refund Plan with 0.5 GB Republic Refund Plan with 1 GB Republic Refund Plan with 2 GB Republic Refund Plan with 3 GB Republic Refund Plan with 4 GB Republic Refund Plan with 5 GB Republic Wireless $10 Plan Republic Wireless $25 Plan Republic Wireless $40 Plan Republic Wireless $5 Plan (WiFi Only) Republic Wireless Base Plan ROK Mobile Ultimate Unlimited Scratch Wireless Free Plan Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $1.99 Voice Pass Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $14.99 Voice Pass Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $6.99 Voice Pass Solavei Prepaid Unlimited Sprint $60 Unlimited Plan Sprint All-In Wireless Smartphone + Unlimited Sprint Family Share Pack 10GB Sprint Family Share Pack 12GB Sprint Family Share Pack 16GB Sprint Family Share Pack 1GB Sprint Family Share Pack 20GB Sprint Family Share Pack 2GB Sprint Family Share Pack 32GB Sprint Family Share Pack 40GB Sprint Family Share Pack 4GB Sprint Family Share Pack 60GB Sprint Family Share Pack 8GB Sprint Prepaid $60 Unlimited Talk, Text & Data Sprint Prepaid Unlimited Voice and Texting Sprint Simply Unlimited Plan for iPhone 6 & iPhone 6 Plus Sprint Unlimited My All-In Sprint Unlimited My Way Sprint Unlimited My Way Family Straight Talk All You Need Straight Talk Unlimited T-Mobile Simple Choice T-Mobile Simple Choice Family (Includes 2+ Lines) T-Mobile Simple Starter Plan T-Mobile Simply Prepaid T-Mobile Unlimited Talk and Text T-Mobile Unlimited Web and Text TextNow Wireless Grande Plan TextNow Wireless Quattro Plan TextNow Wireless Tall Plan TextNow Wireless Venti Plan The Verizon Plan - 100GB The Verizon Plan - 20GB The Verizon Plan - 25GB The Verizon Plan - 30GB The Verizon Plan - 40GB The Verizon Plan - 50GB The Verizon Plan - 60GB The Verizon Plan - 80GB The Verizon Plan - L The Verizon Plan - M The Verizon Plan - S The Verizon Plan - XL The Verizon Plan - XXL Ting L Plan Ting M Plan Ting S Plan Ting XL Plan TracFone 120 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan TracFone 200 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan TracFone 450 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan US Mobile 100 Mins Talk US Mobile 1000 Mins Talk US Mobile 2000 Mins Talk US Mobile 250 Mins Talk US Mobile 500 Mins Talk Verizon 100GB More Everything Verizon 10GB More Everything Verizon 14GB More Everything Verizon 15GB More Everything Verizon 16GB More Everything Verizon 20GB More Everything Verizon 2GB More Everything Verizon 30GB More Everything Verizon 40GB More Everything Verizon 4GB More Everything Verizon 500MB More Everything Verizon 50GB More Everything Verizon 60GB More Everything Verizon 80GB More Everything Verizon 8GB More Everything Verizon Prepaid Smartphone Plan Verizon Wireless Smartphone Single Line Plan Virgin Mobile payLo 1500 Talk & Text Virgin Mobile payLo 400 Minutes Virgin Mobile payLo Unlimited Talk & Text Virgin Mobile Unlimited + International + Extra Virgin Mobile Unlimited + More Data Virgin Mobile Unlimited Everything + International Number of Lines - Any - 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 Minutes Unlimited Messages: 500 Data Select the amount of total data you need for the entire plan. For example, if you need 2 lines with 1 GB of data each, you would select 2 GB of data with the data slider below. - Any -05KB50MB30MB100MB150MB200MB250MB300MB400MB500MB600MB700MB800MB900MB1GB1.5GB2GB2.5GB3GB4GB5GB6GB7GB8GB10GB12GB14GB15GB16GB18GB20GB25GB30GB32GB35GB40GB50GB60GB80GB100GB120GBUnlimited - Plans Home Phone Savings Home Phone Service Savings popular topics Android Data Featured News/Articles Rate plans Rumors Site announcements Software updates T-mobile Promotions Tablet Tips and Tricks Upcoming Phones Upcoming Services Windows Phone PhoneDog Samsung debuts Pirates of the Caribbean Galaxy S8 Google Photos can suggest photos for you to archive AT&T offering $10 DirecTV Now to Unlimited Choice customers LG Pay officially launches Verizon launching new prepaid plans on June 6th T-Mobile launching two iPhone deals today ZTE Nubia Z17 debuts with Snapdragon 835, up to 8GB of RAM Android And Me SUCCESS : automatic purge url cache SUCCESS : automatic purge url cache Google Photos gains ability to suggest Verizon will update its prepaid plans Google plans to block ads in Chrome TodaysiPhone Today is the last day to purchase Apple’s Australian banks officially denied right iPhone 7 will now be officially available iFixit teardown finds that new low-cost Apple Pay now launching in Taiwan with App Store approval now rejecting applications Apple released a number of security About PhoneDog PhoneDog is one of the largest and most popular interactive mobile news and reviews resource that attracts a community of more than 2.5 million unique visitors each month. The site may have a "cute" name, but it offers up serious editorial content and video reviews that users rely on to make important decisions about their next mobile purchases. PhoneDog Media Family PhoneDog - Cell phone news Android And Me - Google & Android TmoNews - The Unofficial T-Mobile Blog TodaysiPhone - iPhone News & Rumors Company About us In the press Advertising info Jobs & careers Terms of Use Privacy policy Popular Reviews Rumors Upcoming Phones Rate plans Research & Shop Buying guide Phone finder Compare plans Phone specials Long distance © 2001-2017 PhoneDog, LLC. Reproduction without explicit permission is prohibited. All rights reserved.
Toggle navigation Toggle Universal Navigation News facebook twitter youtube login Home News Business Entertainment Life Sports Overseas Trending Focus Weather ANC DZMM TV PATROL Home  >  Business Google linking online and offline worlds in new ad challenge Glenn Chapman, Agence France-Presse Posted at May 28 2017 04:09 PM Share Save Facebook Twitter GPlus LinkedIn SAN FRANCISCO - Google is testing a way to tie online ads to brick-and-mortar store purchases, a move whetting marketing appetites while fueling privacy worries. A product called "Google Attribution" was unveiled at a marketing conference this month in San Francisco by the internet giant. Google has long been able to determine when users click on an ads and make a purchase, but linking online and offline habits takes its analytics a step further. Google senior vice president Sridhar Ramaswamy, who announced that Attribution is in test mode with a limited number of partners and will be rolled out to more advertisers in coming weeks, touted the tool as being able to answer the long-challenging question of whether marketing campaigns are working. "Google Attribution makes it possible for every marketer to measure the impact of their marketing across devices and across channels," Ramaswamy said. "Data-driven attribution uses machine learning to determine how much credit to assign to each step in the consumer journey -- from the first time they engage with your brand for early research down to the final click before purchase." Real-world customer email addresses or loyalty plan information can be woven with Google data from services such as AdWords, Google Analytics and DoubleClick Search to provide "a complete view" of marketing performance, according to the company. Using artificial intelligence, or machine learning, to better analyze and understand consumer behavior to target ads and promote sales was a major theme of the conference. AD HOLY GRAIL For several years now, AdWords has enabled advertisers to measure visits to real-world stores stemming from online campaigns, Ramaswamy noted. "Still, measuring store visits is just one part of the equation," Ramaswamy said. "You also need insights into how your online ads drive sales for your business." Real-world transactions matched back to Google ads are handed in "a secure and privacy-safe way," with store sales information reported in aggregated and anonymized forms to protect individual privacy, according to the company. Tying online activity to offline shopping decisions has been a "holy grail" for advertisers for quite some time, and comes with worrisome privacy implications, according to ACLU senior policy analyst Jay Stanley. Attribution threatens to intrude on a core tenant of privacy, that people can have dealings with one party not spill over into affairs with other parties they interact with, Stanley contended. "This is an evolution, not a revolution; another step toward increased monitoring of individuals," Stanley said. "Each step raises the question 'Where does this all stop?'" Stanley expected Google to be on its best behavior when it came to handling the growing trove of information about users, but that even the best of intentions could crack under the "enormous hydraulic pressure of the profit motive." "We have the full fury and genius of the capitalist system being driven toward monitoring people in ever increasing detail and companies are competing to do so," Stanley said "It will not stop without some sort of rules in which we as a society express our values through legal protections." MORE TEMPTING ADS Google and Facebook dominate the online ad world, and what one does to prove its worth to advertisers is likely to be copied by the other, according to Silicon Valley analyst Rob Enderle of Enderle Group. Attribution promised to give Google a way to assure advertisers they are getting their money's worth at the firm's online venues. "The big problem is that showing conversion from ad consumption to purchase has been horrible," Enderle said of online marketing. "This has been a problem for a long time. Google is trying to make a metric so they get credit for it when you do purchase after viewing an ad." Data showing which ads are translating into real sales should mean that the relevance of ads people see online will improve as marketers abandon mis-aimed or ineffectively tailored messages, the analyst reasoned. "You are going to be hit with ads for things that you might actually want to buy, so you are going to spend a lot more money," Enderle predicted. Worries about privacy sparked by linking offline and online activities are a decade or so late, because the time to protest was when collection began of the troves of data about people, the analyst argued. "There really is no downside to this application," Enderle said while discussing Google's marketing metrics move. "This is the good side of collecting data; it is what else is being done with the data that should be unnerving and that we really don't know." © Agence France-Presse Share Save Facebook Share on Twitter GPlus LinkedIn Read More:  Google   internet   advertising   privacy   /news/01/06/17/after-comeleak-privacy-commission-to-test-more-websites-for-data-security /news/02/16/17/data-stolen-from-comelec-office-national-privacy-commission-confirms /news/02/20/17/privacy-commission-probes-new-comelec-data-breach /news/05/10/17/natl-id-bill-umuusad-pero-binabatikos-dahil-sa-privacy /video/focus/05/11/17/lawmakers-admit-security-privacy-flaws-in-natl-id-plan LATEST NEWS MOST READ Resorts World attacker had unexplained wealth, 'dubious loans' June 05, 2017 Saudi Arabia, Egypt, UAE sever ties to Qatar over 'terrorism' June 05, 2017 TINGNAN: Labi ng sundalong napatay sa Marawi, naiuwi na sa Legazpi June 05, 2017 Ateneo, La Salle volleyball standouts headline 'Battle of the Rivals' June 05, 2017 Remember 'dahon girl' of Bohol? She's moving up to Grade 7 June 05, 2017 LOOK: Gunman banned from casinos a month before attack June 05, 2017 Aguirre drags De Lima into Resorts World Manila tragedy June 05, 2017 Military eyes end of Marawi conflict in 3 days June 05, 2017 Daniel Matsunaga hopes to work with Arci again June 05, 2017 4 countries cut ties with Qatar June 05, 2017 Gab Valenciano clarifies statement on leaving showbiz June 05, 2017 Claudia, JK, planong magbalik-eskuwela June 05, 2017 PBA: Enciso vows to come back stronger after falling short for Alaska June 05, 2017 NBA: Twitter reacts to Warriors' thumping of Cavaliers in Game 2 June 05, 2017 Security heads to meet in the wake of Resorts World Manila attack June 05, 2017 Resorts World gunman an ex-govt employee in debt: NCRPO WATCH: Parents of gunman in Resorts World attack seek forgiveness Ex-'PBB' housemate Kristine Hammond now a beauty queen Wacky dedicates 'I Can Do That' win to Vice Ganda Azenith Briones narrates harrowing, tragic ordeal at Resorts World Manila Dating PBA player Paul Alvarez, arestado WATCH: How lone gunman started Resorts World Manila assault Bahay ng Resorts World gunman, may umano'y daycare center Parishioners hold protest against Iloilo priest Sarah steals teen from Bamboo after 'Dream On' sing-off 1,200 ISIS operatives in PH, says Indonesia PBA: Pumaren, napa-bilib sa 'kapal ng mukha' ni Romeo Wacky Kiray wins 'I Can Do That' Curry takes verbal swipe at Rihanna after Finals antics Police identify gunman in Resorts World attack BRAND NEWS Electricity rates go down in May 2017 next BRAND NEWS Electricity rates go down in May 2017 © 2017 ABS-CBN Corporation. All Rights Reserved. AboutCareersPrivacyTermsContact UsAdvertise With Us
Go Phones Laptops Cameras TV Gaming Wearables Forum All Products 3D Printers Antivirus Baby Monitors Bluetooth Speakers Cameras (360 Degrees) Cameras (Action) Cameras (All) Cameras (Bridge) Cameras (Compact) Cameras (DSLR) Cameras (Home Security) Cameras (Mirrorless) Cameras (Phone) Cameras (Waterproof) Cloud Backup Services Computers (All-in-One) Drones Fitness Trackers Game Controllers (PC) Gaming Headsets Gaming Keyboards Gaming Mice Gaming Monitors Gaming PCs Gift Ideas Golf Tech GPS Watches Headphones ID Theft Protection iPhone Lenses iPhone Trade-In Deals Key Finders Keyboards (Ergonomic) Kid Trackers (GPS) Kitchen Tech Laptops Mini PCs Mobile Network Modems Online Fax Services Parental Control Apps Phone Carriers Phone Plans Photo Books Photo Calendars Photo Storage Sites Photo-Editing Software Portable Chargers Printers Robot Vacuums Routers Screen Mirroring Devices Smart Home Hubs Smart Home Tech Smart Locks Smart Scales Smart Thermostats Smartphones Smartwatches Soundbars Speakers (Outdoor) Streaming Players Streaming Services TV Antennas TVs TVs (4K/Ultra HD) Virtual Reality Headsets Wi-Fi-Extenders MORE All articles Best picks Drones Car Tech Smart Home Gift Ideas Downloads Login Follow Us Follow Us Subscribe Smartphones How-To How to Get Stock Android on an LG G6 Without Rooting by David Cogen May 28, 2017, 3:00 AM The LG G6 is an amazing phone. From the near bezel-less display to the metallic design, super large and crisp screen, and dual-camera setup, LG’s flagship definitely high on the list of best hardware for an Android device you can get right now. Illustration: Tom's GuideBut what if you love the hardware, but don’t necessarily have the same affection for the software? Well, you could always root the phone and just replace the software with a stock version of Android — though for some users, rooting can introduce its own set of perils. There is another way, though. Thanks to the sheer nature of Android, it’s actually pretty easy to get the G6 to look like stock Android without the need for all that hacking. Here’s how you can get the G6 to look like stock Android without using root. MORE: Galaxy S8 vs. LG G6: It's Closer Than You Think Launcher Let’s start with the launcher, the app that essentially controls your device’s home screen. Replacing it will probably be the biggest change you can make to your G6. While there are a ton of third-party launchers on the Play Store you can customize to mimic the stock launcher, why not use the actual stock launcher? That launcher, found on Google’s Pixel is in the Play Store, but it’ll incorrectly tell you that it “doesn’t work for your device”. So instead we’ll grab it manually from another site and install it. 1. Go to Settings > General > Fingerprints & Security > and turn on Unknown Sources. 2. On your phone, head to this site to find the APK file of the launcher and download it. 3. Tap on the download notification and tap Install. 4. And there you go. With the next version of Android now in beta, you’ve even added the new Android O Pixel launcher, too. MORE: How to Get th Android O Beta Messaging Next up, an app I can’t live without, the stock Messaging app. 1. Search for and install the Android Messages from the Play Store. 2. Open it and follow the prompts to set it as the default messaging app. Keyboard If you have the stock messaging app, why not the stock keyboard? 1. Head to the Play Store and search for and install GBoard. 2. Open it and follow the prompts to make it your new default keyboard. Dialer & Contacts We can find the stock dialer app’s APK file online, but unfortunately it won’t work for some reason. Instead, there’s a free third-party dialer that looks just like it in the Play Store. 1. Open the Play Store, search for and install exDialer. 2. Go to Settings > General > Apps > and tap on the three dots in the top right corner and select Configure Apps. 3. Tap on the Phone app and select exDialer. Calendar Google Calendar might already be on your G6, but it’s not the default calendar app. 1. Head to the Play Store, search for and install Google Calendar if it’s not already on your device. 2. Open it and set it up if you haven’t already done so. 3. Go to Settings > General > Apps > and tap the LG Calendar (just called Calendar but with the dotted icon instead of the Google Calendar icon). 4. Tap Clear Defaults. 5. To make sure we don’t get double notifications for events, tap back and go to Notifications. 6. Tap Block. Wallpaper And finally, a stock wallpaper to finish your G6’s stock look. 1. Head to this collection here. 2. Tap the one you want and long press it and download it. 3. Go to Settings > Display > Home Screen > Wallpaper. 4. Select Photos > Downloads and tap the wallpaper you downloaded and set it. And we’re done, with stock Android now essentially in place on your G6. Let us know in the comments below if you have any other suggestions for apps to make more of the system stock-like. Otherwise, enjoy! David Cogen's blog, TheUnlockr.com, is a popular site for rooting/jailbreaking, tips & tricks, tech news, and more. Check it out and say hi to him on Twitter. See Also : 6 Ways LG G6 Beats the Galaxy S8 How to Launch Google Assistant on the LG G6 LG G6 vs. Google Pixel: LG Crushes in Camera Face-Off How to Set Up the LG G6's Fingerprint Sensor About the author David Cogen Read more Smartphones Android Add a comment Comment Firstname Submit Ask a Category Expert Create a new thread in the Android Smartphones forum about this subject Title Title Subject Publish No comments yet Your comment Comment Firstname Submit Latest in Smartphones Face-Off Optical vs. Digital Zoom: Why Digital Is No Longer a Dirty Word Round-Up 22 Essential Travel Apps by John Corpuz May 26, 2017, 10:58 AM News Get Ready for a Phone From the Co-Founder of Android by Philip Michaels May 26, 2017, 10:34 AM Deals Best LG G6 Smartphone Deals by Louis Ramirez May 26, 2017, 7:15 AM News OnePlus 5 Will Pack a Key Galaxy S8 Feature by Don Reisinger May 26, 2017, 5:42 AM Round-Up The 10 Best Features of the HTC U11 by Sam Rutherford May 26, 2017, 5:00 AM News Ex-peria? Sony Might Make Fewer Smartphone Models by Philip Michaels May 25, 2017, 12:00 PM The Latest On Tom’s Guide How-To 12 hr How to Get Alexa to Read You a Kindle Book Round-Up 13 hr The 20 Best Kodi Add-Ons Reference 15 hr Help Me, Tom’s Guide: How Do I Move Files to My Android... How-To 19 hr Tekken 7: 8 Essential Tips From a Pro How-To 1 day How to Link Your Calendar with Alexa How-To 1 day 12 Tips for Taking Beautiful Food Pictures Reference 1 day What Is Fixd, and Should You Buy It? Reference 1 day E3 2017 Preview: Xbox Scorpio, The Return of Mario and... Best Picks 2 days Best Phones of 2017 News 2 days Apple WWDC 2017 Preview: iOS 11, a Siri Speaker and Mor... Round-Up 2 days The 10 Best T-Mobile Phones, Ranked Top to Bottom Review 2 days HTC U11 Review: The Best Phone HTC Has Made in Years Get our newsletter About Tom’s Guide About Us Contact Us More Sites Tom's Hardware Laptop Mag Follow Us Terms Of Use Copyright Policy Purch Privacy Policy Advertising U.S. Edition French Edition © 2017 Purch All Rights Reserved.
International Business Times, India Edition International Business Times, India Edition India World Business Technology Sports Entertainment Auto Science & Health Photos Video Search Search Home Technology Smartphones Comparison screenshots showing how much Apple Maps lags behind Google Maps A detailed comparison showing Google Maps' prowess over Apple Maps, has surfaced online in a recent blog post. Vinod Yalburgi   May 28, 2017 15:40 IST Apple Maps vs Google Maps: Which mapping service is better and why Apple Maps has long been playing catch-up with Google Maps as its mapping service has been lagging behind in coverage and other mapping information. The iPhone maker is reportedly making amends to keep up with the competition in recent times, but the latest comparison screenshots published on Justin's blog suggest otherwise. As seen in Justin's comparison review, there have been significant improvements made to Google Maps over the period of last one year as opposed to minor additions to Apple Maps. For instance, you can see the Patricia's Green Park in central San Francisco being compared side-by-side on both Apple and Google Maps. Check out a few of those interesting screenshots below: Comparison screenshot showing how much Apple Maps lags behind Google MapsJustinobierne Quite obviously, you will notice the amazing details like park paths and neighbouring landmarks clearly marked out on the Google Maps, but very sparse details on the Apple Maps. Furthermore, the report adds that the accuracy of information is dubious on Apple Maps, owing to the lack of details. Comparison screenshots showing how much Apple Maps lags behind Google MapsJustinobierne It seems certain business locations are being cycled (added or removed) on a monthly basis on the Apple Maps, while Google Maps will continue displaying all existing landmark locations for a given address without any limitations. The reason for the inflated number of changes being reported on Apple Maps has been attributed to its poor geocoder mechanism. Furthermore, the finer details on Google Maps are coupled with a polished and refined interface, making the points of interest more visible to the user. With the lack of refinements, Apple Maps continues to look outdated and not user-friendly like its Google counterpart. Related Google's AlphaGo AI is retiring soon and here's why Apple developing dedicated AI processor chip codenamed 'Apple Neural Engine' Xiaomi Mi Max 2, Gionee S10, Galaxy Feel and Zenfone Live launched: Everything we know so far Post Comment IBT TV Close Macron-Trump handshake under scrutiny as pair meet for first time Why advertise with us? Latest News Samsung, Disney launch special 'Pirates of the Caribbean' Galaxy S8 edition in China 53 minutes ago By Rohit KVN Here's how to watch Apple WWDC 2017 live 9 hours ago By Rohit KVN Why advertise with us? most popular Moto X Play finally gets Android 7.1.1 Nougat update Motorola has announced the roll out of Android 7.1.1 Nougat update to its Moto X Play but there is no word on Moto G Play. Do you want to earn $200,000? Find bug in Google's Android OS Google has announced a bounty of $200,000 for researchers and engineers who find a bug in Google's Android OS. Apple iPhone 8 is still months away, but Samsung and LG are already scared of it Launches of new Galaxy S8 and LG G6 variants suggest that Apple's Korean rivals are already scared of the upcoming iPhone 8, which is still months away. Foxconn insider leaks design details of Apple iPhone 8, Siri speaker, AR glasses and redesigned iMacs Foxconn insider has shared some interesting tidbits about forthcoming Apple products via dedicated Apple thread on Reddit. Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 gets Android 7.1.2 Nougat via Lineage OS 14.1 ROM [How to Install] Guide to install Android 7.1.2 update on Redmi Note 3 via LineageOS 14.1 ROM. Fireball malware affects more than quarter of billion global PCs; India worst affected Fireball manipulates the victims' browsers and turns their default search engines and home-pages into fake search engines and spy and even add more malware into PCs. Should you buy OnePlus 3T or wait for OnePlus 5 launch? OnePlus is expected to launch its flagship OnePlus 5 in the next few weeks and it is going to take on its predecessor OnePlus 3T. Samsung, Disney launch special 'Pirates of the Caribbean' Galaxy S8 edition in China Samsung and Disney have jointly launched the limited edition 'Pirates of the Caribbean' Galaxy S8 with movie-inspired package in China. Photo Gallery Priyanka Chopra's day out with Nicole Kidman, Kendall Jenner Priyanka Chopra, who has made her Hollywood debut with "Baywatch", was glad to spend a "perfect afternoon" in company of actress Nicole Kidman and supermodel Kendall Jenner. Rana Daggubati's first look from Nene Raju Nene Mantri movie The makers of the film have roped in big star cast for the film to ensure a grand appeal, Rana Daggubati, Kajal Aggarwal, Catherine Tresa, Navadeep and Ashutosh Rana play big stellar roles in the film. Directed by Teja, “Nene Raju Nene Mantri” is produced by Suresh Daggubati, CH Bharath Chowdhary and V Kiran Reddy under Suresh Productions and Blue Planet Entertainments. India US World Business Technology Sports Entertainment Auto Photos Video About us Advertise with us Brand Terms of service Privacy & Cookie Policy Permission Syndication Careers Site Navigation Contact Editions: Australia China India Italy Japan Singapore U.K. U.S. © Copyright 2017 International Business Times, India Edition All Rights Reserved. Facebook Twitter Google Plus Pinterest RSS
Close Skip to main content The Guardian - Back to home Become a Supporter news opinion sport arts life Menu news headlines US news world news science US politics business environment money tech obituaries opinion opinion home the guardian view columnists cartoons opinion videos Jill Abramson Jessica Valenti Steven W Thrasher Trevor Timm Rebecca Carroll Chelsea E Manning sport sport home soccer NFL tennis MLB MLS NBA NHL arts culture home film books music art & design tv & radio stage classical games life lifestyle home fashion food recipes love & sex home & garden health & fitness women family travel money What term do you want to search? become a supporter subscribe Sign in/up my account Comment activity Edit profile Email preferences Change password Sign out US edition switch to the UK edition switch to the Australia edition switch to the International edition jobs the guardian app podcasts video pictures newsletters crosswords Facebook Twitter soccer NFL tennis MLB MLS more sign in Comment activity Edit profile Email preferences Change password Sign out become a supporter subscribe search jobs US edition switch to the UK edition switch to the Australia edition switch to the International edition The Guardian - Back to home home › sports soccer MLS NFL MLB NBA NHL home US politics world opinion sports selected soccer tech arts lifestyle fashion business travel environment browse all sections close French Open 2017 French Open 2017: Tommy Robredo v Dan Evans and more – day one as it happened Angelique Kerber became the first women’s number 1 seed ever to lose in the first round; Tommy Robredo eliminated Great Britain’s Dan Evans; and Grigor Dimitrov won impressively Updated Daniel Evans of Great Britain plays a forehand during the mens singles first round match against Tommy Robredo of Spain Photograph: Clive Brunskill/Getty Images Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email View more sharing options Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Close Daniel Harris @DanielHarris Sunday 28 May 2017 12.42 EDT First published on Sunday 28 May 2017 05.44 EDT Key events Show 12.38pm EDT 12:38 GAME, SET AND MATCH ROBREDO! 12.06pm EDT 12:06 Robredo wins the third set 6-3 11.31am EDT 11:31 Robredo levels the match, winning the second set 6-4 10.54am EDT 10:54 Evans wins the first set 7-5! 10.20am EDT 10:20 Game, set and match Dimitrov 9.48am EDT 09:48 Game, set and match Kuznetsova 7-5, 6-4 McHale 9.04am EDT 09:04 Dimitrov takes the first set 6-2 Live feed Show 12.42pm EDT 12:42 Thanks all for your company and comments; enjoy what’s left of the weekend. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 12.41pm EDT 12:41 So, that’s us for today; we’ll be back tomorrow, with Muguruza getting her defence underway, Djokovic in action too, and plenty more. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 12.40pm EDT 12:40 Haase is a set up on Minaur. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 12.39pm EDT 12:39 Elsewhere, Benneteau is a break up on Pouille; they’re 1-1 in sets. Updated at 12.39pm EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 12.38pm EDT 12:38 GAME, SET AND MATCH ROBREDO! He beats Evans 5-7, 6-4, 6-3, 6-1; not bad for 35. Mats reckons Evans has a stomach upset, and also that he played well to lead a set and a break, but lost concentration and allowed the big moments to get away from him. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 12.36pm EDT 12:36 The more brutal this match has got the more Robredo has enjoyed it; and it’s instructive that 13 shots is the longest rally in the match. Evans hasn’t trusted himself to let the winners come, and he’s now matchpoint down... Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 12.34pm EDT 12:34 Robredo then uncorks a monstrous topspin forehand and pulls Evans all over the court next point; he’s 5-1 ahead and needs one more game to move on. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 12.32pm EDT 12:32 Lovely from Evans, a backhand slice down the line on the backhand side that totally gulls Robredo; break point; deuce. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 12.28pm EDT 12:28 Oh dear - Evans, who is bravely going for everything, has finally ceded the double-break. 4-2 Robredo, and impossible to fathom a way back for yerman. Updated at 12.31pm EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 12.27pm EDT 12:27 Venus has won the first set against Wang, 6-4. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 12.26pm EDT 12:26 Roland-Garros (@rolandgarros) Kerber: "If you're losing it's tough to enjoy the game. I know in the last years I had up-&-downs & right now I'm in the down feeling" #RG17 pic.twitter.com/mlvhcVFOXX May 28, 2017 Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 12.21pm EDT 12:21 In any case, the winner of this match plays Dimitrov, so, well, y’know. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 12.20pm EDT 12:20 Buyukakcay is now a set and a break up on Lucic-Baroni. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 12.19pm EDT 12:19 Evans is going for everything but isn’t hitting his straps at the moment. But he averts a first double-break point with a drop-shot, then another with a service winner. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 12.16pm EDT 12:16 Halys and Trungelliti are now playing a decider. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 12.15pm EDT 12:15 “It’s now a lesson in good body-language,” says Mats of Robredo’s lead - he’s broken Evans in the first game of the fifth set, and this could be very over very soon. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 12.14pm EDT 12:14 And it’s now level at a set apiece. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 12.10pm EDT 12:10 Benneteau, who lost the first set to 16th seed Pouille, is a break up in the second. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 12.06pm EDT 12:06 Robredo wins the third set 6-3 An ace sliced towards the far corner does it - Evans barely attempts pursuit - and I’d not be remotely surprised to see him romp through the fourth. Updated at 12.06pm EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 12.04pm EDT 12:04 Anyway, another break on Court 2 which means that Robredo is serving for the third set at 5-3. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 12.04pm EDT 12:04 I said earlier that perhaps Dimitrov was the best men’s tenniser after the big four and Wawrinka. I’ve since been informed by a tennis coach buddy that Thiem, Delpo and Zverev are all better. Obviously I’m right. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 12.02pm EDT 12:02 Lajovic has taken the first set off Bellucci, 6-4; Belluci has a break in the second. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 12.00pm EDT 12:00 Oh me! Oh My! Roland-Garros (@rolandgarros) Tout le talent de @ThiemDomi condensé dans ce point ! All of Thiem's talent in one point! #RG17 pic.twitter.com/WMYy0Sxoe3 May 28, 2017 Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 11.59am EDT 11:59 Robredo is wet and sheeny like a baby seal, and Evans, struggling as I said, breaks him to love! He’s showing proper moxie here. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 11.57am EDT 11:57 Buyukakcay of Turkey has taken the first set against Lucic-Baroni of Croatia; she’s the 22nd seed. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 11.56am EDT 11:56 But not for long! Evans looks in trouble physically - he put a lot into that last game - and now trails 2-4. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 11.51am EDT 11:51 Hello! Evans steps it up, really taking it to Robredo at 1-3 down - this is a real effort game. And he hollers loud when Robredo nets a forehand; he’s broken back! Updated at 11.52am EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 11.50am EDT 11:50 Robredo is serving and volleying a lot here; it’s working really well. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 11.47am EDT 11:47 Still, he’s on the board in this set now, 1-3 behind. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 11.47am EDT 11:47 Mats explains that Evans is clearly suffering and doesn’t think he can win, but needs to hide that fact from his opponents. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 11.45am EDT 11:45 Evans spends changeover with his head between his knees. He’s had more enjoyable afternoons. Updated at 11.45am EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 11.44am EDT 11:44 Roland-Garros (@rolandgarros) Congratulations to @Venuseswilliams who now makes her 20th appearance at Roland-Garros, more than any other female player! 👏👏 pic.twitter.com/jxtoG7gIgi May 28, 2017 Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 11.44am EDT 11:44 Evans fights his way to 30-all and is right in another punishing rally, so Robredo simply crashes a one-handed backhand low over the net cross-court, and polishes off the game immediately thereafter. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 11.42am EDT 11:42 On Chatrier, Puille has taken the first set off Benneteau in a tie-break; on Lenglen, Venus has just started against Wang. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 11.40am EDT 11:40 Brilliant from Robredo, winning a long rally with a slam before zoning a backhand return low over the net. He leads 2-0 in the third and it’s hard to plot a way back for Evans. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 11.39am EDT 11:39 Tsurenko has beaten Kozlova 6-4, 6-0. She’ll play Makarova in the next round. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 11.35am EDT 11:35 Eurosport UK (@Eurosport_UK) Dan Evans loses the second set v Tommy Robredo... pic.twitter.com/UJcMu6bDyw May 28, 2017 Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 11.34am EDT 11:34 Evans went to a lot of trouble in that second set to then lose it being careless, but that’s what he did. Can he respond? Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 11.33am EDT 11:33 Pouille and Benneteau are playing a first-set tie-break. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 1 of 6 Newest Newer Older Oldest Topics French Open 2017 French Open Tennis Petra Kvitova Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Reuse this content More on this story French Open 2017: Kvitova wins on comeback but Kerber out in first round Petra Kvitova – in her first match since a knife attack – beat Julia Boserup 6-3, 6-2 while No1 seed Angelique Kerber has been knocked out of the French Open by Ekaterina Makarova Published: 28 May 2017 French Open 2017: Kvitova wins on comeback but Kerber out in first round French Open 2017 women’s form guide: the players to watch at Roland Garros With Serena Williams absent and other top contenders for the French women’s singles title nursing injuries the competition looks wide open Published: 26 May 2017 French Open 2017 women’s form guide: the players to watch at Roland Garros French Open 2017 men’s form guide: the players to watch at Roland Garros What to expect from the favourites and dark horses in the men’s singles at Roland Garros – will anyone stop the resurgent Rafael Nadal? Published: 25 May 2017 French Open 2017 men’s form guide: the players to watch at Roland Garros View all comments > Order by newest oldest recommendations Show 25 25 50 100 All Threads collapsed expanded unthreaded Loading comments… Trouble loading? View more comments more on this story French Open 2017: Kvitova wins on comeback but Kerber out in first round Petra Kvitova – in her first match since a knife attack – beat Julia Boserup 6-3, 6-2 while No1 seed Angelique Kerber has been knocked out of the French Open by Ekaterina Makarova Published: 28 May 2017 French Open 2017: Kvitova wins on comeback but Kerber out in first round French Open 2017 women’s form guide: the players to watch at Roland Garros Published: 26 May 2017 French Open 2017 women’s form guide: the players to watch at Roland Garros French Open 2017 men’s form guide: the players to watch at Roland Garros Published: 25 May 2017 French Open 2017 men’s form guide: the players to watch at Roland Garros most viewed The Guardian back to top home US politics world opinion sports selected soccer tech arts lifestyle fashion business travel environment all sections close home US politics world UK europe americas asia middle east africa australia cities development opinion sports selected soccer MLS NFL MLB NBA NHL soccer live scores tables competitions results fixtures clubs tech arts movies tv & radio music games books art & design stage classical lifestyle food recipes health & fitness love & sex family women home & garden fashion business economics sustainable business diversity & equality in business small business travel USA europe UK environment climate change wildlife energy pollution science media crosswords blog editor quick cryptic prize quiptic genius speedy everyman azed weekend video Sports › French Open 2017 soccer NFL tennis MLB MLS back to top become a supporter make a contribution Facebook Twitter jobs guardian labs subscribe all topics all contributors solve technical issue about us advertise with us contact us work for us complaints & corrections terms & conditions privacy policy cookie policy securedrop © 2017 Guardian News and Media Limited or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved.
Close Skip to main content The Guardian - Back to home Become a Supporter news opinion sport arts life Menu news headlines US news world news science US politics business environment money tech obituaries opinion opinion home the guardian view columnists cartoons opinion videos Jill Abramson Jessica Valenti Steven W Thrasher Trevor Timm Rebecca Carroll Chelsea E Manning sport sport home soccer NFL tennis MLB MLS NBA NHL arts culture home film books music art & design tv & radio stage classical games life lifestyle home fashion food recipes love & sex home & garden health & fitness women family travel money What term do you want to search? become a supporter subscribe Sign in/up my account Comment activity Edit profile Email preferences Change password Sign out US edition switch to the UK edition switch to the Australia edition switch to the International edition jobs the guardian app podcasts video pictures newsletters crosswords Facebook Twitter cricket soccer NFL tennis MLB MLS more sign in Comment activity Edit profile Email preferences Change password Sign out become a supporter subscribe search jobs US edition switch to the UK edition switch to the Australia edition switch to the International edition The Guardian - Back to home home › sports soccer MLS NFL MLB NBA NHL home US politics world opinion sports selected soccer tech arts lifestyle fashion business travel environment browse all sections close Cricket County cricket live blog County cricket: Essex v Surrey, Hampshire beat Somerset and more – as it happened All the action from around the grounds as Hampshire beat bottom side Somerset, while Nottinghamshire and Worcestershire also secured wins Updated Dan Lawrence of Essex celebrates scoring a century of runs during the Essex v Surrey - Specsavers County Championship: Division One cricket match at the Cloudfm County Ground Photograph: Nick Wood/Getty Images Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email View more sharing options Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Close Will Macpherson at Chelmsford Sunday 28 May 2017 13.50 EDT First published on Sunday 28 May 2017 05.49 EDT Key events Show 1.26pm EDT 13:26 Worcestershire beat Northants by eight wickets! 12.12pm EDT 12:12 Derbyshire draw with Leicestershire! 10.27am EDT 10:27 Essex all out for 383! 10.06am EDT 10:06 Nottinghamshire beat Gloucestershire by an innings and 50 runs! 9.33am EDT 09:33 Hampshire beat Somerset by 90 runs 9.03am EDT 09:03 Kent declare! 8.03am EDT 08:03 Lunch! Scores on the doors Live feed Show 1.50pm EDT 13:50 That's all folks! Well, that’s the end of another fine day of action. We have had four results today – a dull draw at Derby, wins for Notts and Worcs, and a remarkable ending at Taunton, where Mason Crane and Liam Dawson spun out Somerset. Here’s the scores: Div One: Hampshire beat Somerset by eight wickets Surrey 369 & 55-1 v Essex 383 Div Two: Notts beat Glos by an innings and 50 runs Worcs beat Northants by eight wickets Derbyshire drew with Leicestershire Sussex 164 & 182-6 v Kent 369 & 289-2d Durham 342 & 158-3 v Glamorgan 353 Please do join me tomorrow, when I’ll be back at Chelmsford, and hopefully watching Kumar Sangakkara cruise his way to a sixth century on the spin. Only three blokes have ever done that before. Thanks for your company; it really is noted and appreciated and we love you for it. Keep it up! Night all. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 1.26pm EDT 13:26 And that’s stumps at Tunbridge Wells, where Sussex are six down requiring heaps to beat Kent. I’ve just got to do some writing, so will leave the blog open for you to chat for a wee while. Updated at 1.45pm EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 1.26pm EDT 13:26 Worcestershire beat Northants by eight wickets! Mitchell goes four, six, four, four off Crook to finish with a run-a-ball 78 and earn a maximum point win for Worcestershire! Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 1.23pm EDT 13:23 Just 15 now required by Worcs, who are strolling home. Four from four. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 1.16pm EDT 13:16 Ignore than last update - they obviously think they can get a result tonight at Northants and are charging on! Worcester now need just 32 to win... Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 1.11pm EDT 13:11 They are done for the day at Northampton too. Worcestershire will return tomorrow with eight wickets in hand, requiring 43 more to win to secure a fourth victory in four games. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 1.06pm EDT 13:06 News: Test Match Special (@bbctms) England draft 3 players into squad for 3rd ODI.@finnysteve, @tobyrj21 & @daws128 come in. @MoeenAli, @benstokes38 & @chriswoakes rested pic.twitter.com/lmLkCsvtEX May 28, 2017 Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 1.01pm EDT 13:01 We are done for the day at Chelmsford! Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 12.55pm EDT 12:55 Umps inspecting at Chelmsford... Rain has stopped but should be damp enough for no more play. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 12.52pm EDT 12:52 Sussex gets six down, as Denly gets Jordan... Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 12.51pm EDT 12:51 The Surrey players are involved in an elaborate game of boulle that involves them chucking tennis balls from the balcony towards a square on the outfield. Scurran sent out to inspect who wins. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 12.47pm EDT 12:47 Puddles on the outfield here. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 12.44pm EDT 12:44 Big wicket at Tunbridge Wells! Van Zyl goes to Denly and it’s 158 for five. Kent are going to win. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 12.26pm EDT 12:26 Kleinveldt fells Fell and Worcestershire are two down chasing 148 at Northants. 94 still needed. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 12.21pm EDT 12:21 Off for bad light at Swansea! Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 12.19pm EDT 12:19 Almost definitely all over for the day at Chelmsford. It’s hammering it down. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 12.18pm EDT 12:18 And Durham are building a decent lead at Swansea, with Collingwood on 40 and Clark on 63 in a stand of 83. The lead is 147. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 12.16pm EDT 12:16 Worcestershire need another 97 to beat Northants. They are 51 for one, after B-Dolly went caught and bowled to Rory K. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 12.13pm EDT 12:13 Sussex digging in at Tunbridge Wells as van Zyl and Burgess have shared 56 in 23 overs. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 12.12pm EDT 12:12 Derbyshire draw with Leicestershire! To absolutely no one’s surprise. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 12.10pm EDT 12:10 Hello. You have my sincere apologies for my absence - an interview dragged on a little long. So the news here is that Surrey batted for an hour, and we are off for rain. Mark Stoneman got out, caught brilliantly at first slip off Wagner, and Surrey are 55 for one. The rain looks terminal... Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 10.27am EDT 10:27 Essex all out for 383! Wicket! Meaker returns and bowls Quinn first ball. The lead is 14. And that’s tea here. Updated at 10.28am EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 10.26am EDT 10:26 Kleinveldt gone at Northants! Lyon does the trick. With Levi retired hurt, Northants are 295 for seven and their lead is 99. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 10.24am EDT 10:24 Wicket! Rampaul’s toil is rewarded as Wagner guides him into the hands of Sanga at a wide-ish slip. 383 for nine. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 10.24am EDT 10:24 Rory Kleinveldt is being Rory Kleinveldt at Northampton! Worcestershire are 100-odd behind and there will be a tricky chase for them. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 10.22am EDT 10:22 50 for Neil Wagner! 383 for eight now. Frustrating for Surrey. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 10.06am EDT 10:06 Wagner’s got really stuck into Virdi down the ground and the scores are level! Essex 369 for eight. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 10.06am EDT 10:06 Nottinghamshire beat Gloucestershire by an innings and 50 runs! Steve Mullaney has his maiden five-wicket haul as he gets Matt Taylor lbw and it’s all over in two-and-a-half days at Trent Bridge. Notts lead at the top of Division Two continues to grow. Updated at 10.15am EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 9.58am EDT 09:58 Two humps down the ground from Wagner off Virdi (Verdi) and he has 25. Essex 355 for eight. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 9.55am EDT 09:55 Gloucestershire are nine down as Mullaney gets Miles. Notts will win by an innings pretty soon, I’d say. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 9.49am EDT 09:49 High end wicket at Northants: Crook c Leach b Shantry. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 9.47am EDT 09:47 Wicket! Virdi has three! Bowling round the wicket, he’s pitched one on middle to Tendo and turned it back, pinning him in front. He’s gone for 53, and Essex are 344 for eight, behind by 25. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 1 of 3 Newest Newer Older Oldest Topics Cricket County cricket live blog County Championship Division One County Championship Division Two Essex Surrey Somerset Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Reuse this content View all comments > Order by newest oldest recommendations Show 25 25 50 100 All Threads collapsed expanded unthreaded Loading comments… Trouble loading? View more comments most viewed The Guardian back to top home US politics world opinion sports selected soccer tech arts lifestyle fashion business travel environment all sections close home US politics world UK europe americas asia middle east africa australia cities development opinion sports selected soccer MLS NFL MLB NBA NHL soccer live scores tables competitions results fixtures clubs tech arts movies tv & radio music games books art & design stage classical lifestyle food recipes health & fitness love & sex family women home & garden fashion business economics sustainable business diversity & equality in business small business travel USA europe UK environment climate change wildlife energy pollution science media crosswords blog editor quick cryptic prize quiptic genius speedy everyman azed weekend video Sports › Cricket cricket soccer NFL tennis MLB MLS back to top become a supporter make a contribution Facebook Twitter jobs guardian labs subscribe all topics all contributors solve technical issue about us advertise with us contact us work for us complaints & corrections terms & conditions privacy policy cookie policy securedrop © 2017 Guardian News and Media Limited or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved.
Monday 5 Jun 2017 / Tehran - 09:51 / GMT - 05:21 Old FNA Old FNA                 Advanced Search Ar  | En  | Fa  | Tr Home Politico-Defense Politics  - Foreign Policy  - Defense  - Nuclear   Economy Society & Culture Society  - Sport  - Culture  - Art  - Life Style   Sci-Tech Space  - Nano  - Medicine  - Technology  - Earth   World Interviews & Commentaries Interviews  - Commentaries   Multimedia Photo  - Video   All Stories Technology http://fna.ir/P5QAAR Sun May 28, 2017 2:7 Google Boots 41 Apps Infected With "Judy" Malware off Play Store Tweet TEHRAN (FNA)- Google removed 41 Android apps from the official Play Store. The apps were infected with a new type of malware named Judy, and experts estimate the malware infected between 8.5 and 36.5 million users. According to researchers from Check Point, the apps were available on the Play Store for years, but have been clean and virus-free for most of the time. It appears that starting with April 2016, the apps were slowly updated with malicious code. The purpose of this code was to launch a browser app, load an URL, and use JavaScript to locate and click on specific banners that would bring profits to the malware's creators. One company behind most malicious apps According to Check Point, almost all malicious apps were made by a South Korean company called Kiniwini, but registered on the Google Play Store as ENISTUDIO corp. It is unclear if the company added the malicious code itself, or its servers were compromised and the code added by a third-party. Furthermore, besides the hidden ad-clicking activity, the operators of the Judy malware used it to insert intrusive ads in other apps, almost to the point that users had no possibility of viewing or interacting with the original app's content. A list of apps infected with the Judy Android malware is available here. Despite apps going through periodic reviews, Google's Play Store security system, named Bouncer, wasn't able to pick up the malware's malicious activity. Nonetheless, help is coming! Google launches new Android security services On May 17, during the Google I/O annual event, Google announced a new service called Google Play Protect. According to Google, this new service continuously scans all Android apps and user devices for malicious behavior and uses machine learning to detect any suspicious activity. Once it detects a malicious app, it removes it from the phones of all users who installed it. The new Google Play Protect service suite is currently shipping to all devices with the Google Play app installed.         LATEST STORIES (8) Syrian Army Controls 22 Villages, Farms near Maskan in Eastern Aleppo Homs: Army Forces Claim More Territory in Syria's Desert Iraqi Volunteer Forces Capture Ba'aj West of Mosul from ISIL Iraqis Leave Zanjili Neighborhood as Security Forces Continue Fighting ISIL in Western Mosul Iraqi Popular Forces Continue Pounding ISIL with Rockets in Syrian Border Region Syria: Army Soldiers Recapture Maskana's Water Pumping Station in Eastern Aleppo 7 Dead, 48 Injured in London Attacks Damascus: Inside Syrian Army's Tank Factory US-Backed Militants Take Control of Syria's 3rd largest Dam as Kurds Allow ISIL to Withdraw from Raqqa Syrian Soldiers Expel ISIL from Aleppo; Maskana Freed Envoy: Iran to Continue Supporting Syria in Anti-Terror Fight Iran Condemns Terrorist Attack in UK Iran Warns Against Terrorist Plots to Undermine Security in Region Iran: Paris Deal Withdrawal Shows US Irresponsibility Towards Int'l Community Dara'a: Syrian Army Kills Tens of Al-Nusra Terrorists, 3 Commanders Syrian Army Controls 22 Villages, Farms near Maskan in Eastern Aleppo TEHRAN (FNA)- Syrian army managed to capture 22 villages and farms near Maskana and eventually forced the ISIL terrorists to retreat from its last stronghold in Aleppo province, the town of Maskana, towards Raqqa province. [VIDEO] Homs: Army Forces Claim More Territory in Syria's Desert TEHRAN (FNA)- The Syrian army continued anti-ISIL operations in Eastern Homs, advancing in more areas towards Tadmur (Palmyra) and the province's oil fields and retaking control of several points. [VIDEO] Iraqi Volunteer Forces Capture Ba'aj West of Mosul from ISIL TEHRAN (FNA)- Iraq's Popular Forces captured the town of Ba'aj and its vicinity from the ISIL terror group, further shrinking the Northern region under their control as part of a comprehensive campaign to retake the city of Mosul. [PHOTOS] Iraqis Leave Zanjili Neighborhood as Security Forces Continue Fighting ISIL in Western Mosul TEHRAN (FNA)- Iraqi families left the Zanjili neighborhood in Western Mosul, as security forces continue offensive to retake the city from ISIL terrorists. [PHOTOS] Iraqi Popular Forces Continue Pounding ISIL with Rockets in Syrian Border Region TEHRAN (FNA)- Iraqi Popular Forces continue pounding ISIL positions in border regions with Syria and managed to fully liberate al-Ba’aj District in Nineveh Province from the grip of the terrorist group. [VIDEO] Syria: Army Soldiers Recapture Maskana's Water Pumping Station in Eastern Aleppo TEHRAN (FNA)- The Syrian Army troops continued their advances against ISIL near Lake Assad in Eastern Aleppo, and seized control over the Maskana's water pumping station before capturing the town of Maskana hours later. [VIDEO] 7 Dead, 48 Injured in London Attacks TEHRAN (FNA)- Seven people were killed and dozens more injured as three knife-wielding assailants sped across London Bridge in a white van, ramming numerous pedestrians, before emerging with large hunting knives for a stabbing spree in the capital’s Borough Market, a popular and crowded night spot. [PHOTOS] Damascus: Inside Syrian Army's Tank Factory TEHRAN (FNA)- Syrian engineers and workers mount the repaired engines of army tanks and military vehicles at a workshop of a plant for repairing and rebuilding armored vehicles in Damascus. [PHOTOS] US-Backed Militants Take Control of Syria's 3rd largest Dam as Kurds Allow ISIL to Withdraw from Raqqa TEHRAN (FNA)- The predominately Kurdish Syrian Democratic Forces (SDF) continued the fourth phase of their Euphrates Rage Operation in Raqqa province and managed to take control of al-Ba'ath dam, the third largest water reservoir in the country. Syrian Soldiers Expel ISIL from Aleppo; Maskana Freed TEHRAN (FNA)- The Syrian army captured the strategic town of Maskana as the last ISIL stronghold in Aleppo province. Envoy: Iran to Continue Supporting Syria in Anti-Terror Fight TEHRAN (FNA)- Iranian Ambassador to Damascus Javad Torkabadi renewed his country's support for the Syrian government and nation against terrorist and extremist groups. Iran Condemns Terrorist Attack in UK TEHRAN (FNA)- Iranian Foreign Ministry Spokesman Bahram Qassemi condemned the Saturday's terrorist attack in London. Iran Warns Against Terrorist Plots to Undermine Security in Region TEHRAN (FNA)- Iranian Foreign Ministry Spokesman Bahram Qassemi warned against the rising terrorist attacks aimed at undermining regional security. Iran: Paris Deal Withdrawal Shows US Irresponsibility Towards Int'l Community TEHRAN (FNA)- Iranian Foreign Ministry Spokesman Bahram Qassemi underlined that a sudden decision by US President Donald Trump to pull his country out of the Paris agreement on climate change shows Washington's lack of accountability towards the international community. Dara'a: Syrian Army Kills Tens of Al-Nusra Terrorists, 3 Commanders TEHRAN (FNA)- The Syrian army continued it military operations against Al-Nusra Front (also known as Fatah al-Sham Front or the Levant Liberation Board) in Dara'a province, killing tens of terrorists, including several senior commanders. ﻿ ﻿ Sections Home World Politico-Defense Interviews Economy Multimedia Society & Culture All Stories Sci-Tech About us Contact us Fars News Agency Fars News Agency. All rights reserved 2017 ©
News Magazines OpEd Video Data Jobs News Business Entertainment Sports News 13  hours ago Residents call for completion irrigation scheme 13  hours ago VP urges on environmental conservation to honor Mwl Nyerere 14  hours ago Former African court president now Ghana chief justice Magazines Magazines 17  hours ago TRAVEL : Unleashing tourism potential at Karibu Fair 17  hours ago PARENTING : Talking with your child about booze 17  hours ago Why menstrual hygiene for girls is vital 17  hours ago How to deal with young parenthood challenges OpEd Video Data Jobs = Sunday, May 28, 2017 Google linking online and offline worlds in new ad challenge   In Summary A product called "Google Attribution" was unveiled at a marketing conference this month in San Francisco by the internet giant. Google has long been able to determine when users click on an ads and make a purchase, but linking online and offline habits takes its analytics a step further. Advertisement San Francisco, United States | AFP |.Google is testing a way to tie online ads to brick-and-mortar store purchases, a move whetting marketing appetites while fueling privacy worries. A product called "Google Attribution" was unveiled at a marketing conference this month in San Francisco by the internet giant. Google has long been able to determine when users click on an ads and make a purchase, but linking online and offline habits takes its analytics a step further. Google senior vice president Sridhar Ramaswamy, who announced that Attribution is in test mode with a limited number of partners and will be rolled out to more advertisers in coming weeks, touted the tool as being able to answer the long-challenging question of whether marketing campaigns are working. "Google Attribution makes it possible for every marketer to measure the impact of their marketing across devices and across channels," Ramaswamy said. "Data-driven attribution uses machine learning to determine how much credit to assign to each step in the consumer journey -- from the first time they engage with your brand for early research down to the final click before purchase." Real-world customer email addresses or loyalty plan information can be woven with Google data from services such as AdWords, Google Analytics and DoubleClick Search to provide "a complete view" of marketing performance, according to the company. Using artificial intelligence, or machine learning, to better analyze and understand consumer behavior to target ads and promote sales was a major theme of the conference. - Ad 'holy grail' - For several years now, AdWords has enabled advertisers to measure visits to real-world stores stemming from online campaigns, Ramaswamy noted. "Still, measuring store visits is just one part of the equation," Ramaswamy said. "You also need insights into how your online ads drive sales for your business." Real-world transactions matched back to Google ads are handed in "a secure and privacy-safe way," with store sales information reported in aggregated and anonymized forms to protect individual privacy, according to the company. Tying online activity to offline shopping decisions has been a "holy grail" for advertisers for quite some time, and comes with worrisome privacy implications, according to ACLU senior policy analyst Jay Stanley. Attribution threatens to intrude on a core tenant of privacy, that people can have dealings with one party not spill over into affairs with other parties they interact with, Stanley contended.   "This is an evolution, not a revolution; another step toward increased monitoring of individuals," Stanley said. "Each step raises the question 'Where does this all stop?'" Stanley expected Google to be on its best behavior when it came to handling the growing trove of information about users, but that even the best of intentions could crack under the "enormous hydraulic pressure of the profit motive." "We have the full fury and genius of the capitalist system being driven toward monitoring people in ever increasing detail and companies are competing to do so," Stanley said "It will not stop without some sort of rules in which we as a society express our values through legal protections." - More tempting ads? - Google and Facebook dominate the online ad world, and what one does to prove its worth to advertisers is likely to be copied by the other, according to Silicon Valley analyst Rob Enderle of Enderle Group. Attribution promised to give Google a way to assure advertisers they are getting their money's worth at the firm's online venues. "The big problem is that showing conversion from ad consumption to purchase has been horrible," Enderle said of online marketing. "This has been a problem for a long time. Google is trying to make a metric so they get credit for it when you do purchase after viewing an ad." Data showing which ads are translating into real sales should mean that the relevance of ads people see online will improve as marketers abandon mis-aimed or ineffectively tailored messages, the analyst reasoned. "You are going to be hit with ads for things that you might actually want to buy, so you are going to spend a lot more money," Enderle predicted. Worries about privacy sparked by linking offline and online activities are a decade or so late, because the time to protest was when collection began of the troves of data about people, the analyst argued. "There really is no downside to this application," Enderle said while discussing Google's marketing metrics move. "This is the good side of collecting data; it is what else is being done with the data that should be unnerving and that we really don't know." advertisement In The Headlines 13  hours ago VP urges on environmental conservation to honor Mwl Nyerere Tanzania’s Vice-President, Samia Suluhu Hassan, has called upon Tanzanians to conserve 14  hours ago EA petroleum forum set for kick off in Burundi After being postponed in March, the biennial East African Petroleum Conference and Exhibition News Former African court president now Ghana chief justice   14  hours ago News Residents call for completion irrigation scheme   13  hours ago News Village fishermen call for affordable fishing tackle   12  hours ago News Third survivor of Karatu road tragedy discharged   17  hours ago Advertisement                             Advertisement Political Reforms WARAH: Making angels out of Africa’s rogue leaders Opinion/Editorial FROM THE PUBLIC EDITOR'S DESK: Scribes’ dilemma: to be or not to be objective Opinion/Editorial WHAT OTHERS SAY: Is Kenya really exceptional in E.Africa? Opinion/Editorial WINNING LEADERSHIP: How to define yourself and brighten up your prospects Opinion/Editorial A CHAT FROM LONDON: Problems, troubles…and even more of the same! Advertisement Tweets by @TheCitizenTZ Advertisement Photo gallery Kinya August Latest News 1 News Village fishermen call for affordable fishing tackle 2 News Residents call for completion irrigation scheme 3 News VP urges on environmental conservation to honor Mwl Nyerere 4 News Former African court president now Ghana chief justice 5 News EA petroleum forum set for kick off in Burundi 6 OpEd Strengthening farmers’ seed system through ‘open source’ 7 OpEd INTEGRITY FIRST : Why mineral wealth not a blessing for Africa 8 OpEd ETHICS : When nation feels manipulated 9 News 147 pupils study in one classroom in Lindi 10 OpEd Chadema, Kenyatta and democracy Daily Nation Emails About us Emails Contact us Privacy policy Mwananchi Mwanaspoti Monitor Epapers MCL Corporate RSS
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us ... Google for Jobs going live for some people Corbin Davenport Follow View All Posts 2017/05/27 4:31pm PDTMay 27, 2017 19 Plus 1 on G+ 74 Share on Facebook 81 Share on Twitter Total Shares174 Google News Back at Google I/O, a new initiative was announced called 'Google for Jobs.' As you might be able to guess from the name, it is designed to make finding job openings easier and more effective - for both applicants and employers. The feature appears to be going live on Google Search, at least for some users. Currently, searching something like "barista jobs" just returns a list of results from job listing sites. With Google for Jobs, you get a much cleaner interface with more details, plus modifiers like 'Full-time' and 'Starbucks.'    Left: Current layout; Center, Right: New layout This doesn't seem to be live yet for everyone, including myself, but let us know in the comments if you see it. Thanks: Jose Tags Google google for jobs jobs work subscribe ... Previous Story [Deal Alert] Get a 3-pack Arlo Pro security system for $450 ($130 off), if you have Amazon Prime ... Next Story [Deal Alert] Several movies and TV episodes on Google Play are on sale for Memorial Day Trending 78 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 88 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 Comments Paul_Werner Yeah this went live for me the same day they announced it. I'm still waiting on the new YouTube UI & the YouTube Go Live features though matteventu Are you from the US? Mattwmaster58 I'm from canada and it works for me Paul_Werner Yup Mattwmaster58 Youtube UI you gotta opt in @ https://www.youtube.com/new Izzie I didn't opt in and got the new interface yesterday? Mattwmaster58 I guess they are rolling this out :P Vratislav Jindra How about doing something about that ugly grey status bar, Google? I get it at the search results page which is also grey (a bit lighter), but not when there is a blue action bar right underneath it. Also the shadow under the status bar from KitKat era in the main screen of Google App seems weird. Sometimes I wonder what they pay their designers for, when they can't get this basic sh*t straight. Kristinatskaggs Google is paying 97$ per hour! Work for few hours & have longer with friends and family! !dq75c: On tuesday I got a great new Land Rover Range Rover from having earned $8752 this last four weeks.. Its the most-financialy rewarding I've had.. Follow this link for more information !dq75c: ➽➽ ➽➽;➽➽ http://GoogleFinancialCashJobs365DirectRockGetPaid$97/Hour... ★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫::::::!dq75c:....,........ Vratislav Jindra Oh for f*ck's sake, stop it. Powsniffer0110 Your problem is youre on KitKat buddy. Try upgrading Vratislav Jindra I'm on Nougat, buddy. Don't tell me that your Google App's main screen doesn't have this ridiculous status bar. https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/fa83a4890e2557e740128d564e6f804416ed73f61787acbc9deac5bd323268f3.png BehemothPL It's nice to see Chicago metro in the article :) Alejandro Steve? ddevito JOBS JOBS JOBS let's vote for JOBS! Yeeeeaaaaaaaaaaaa you've got karma! alwaysonthemove ITM Grunty I got coffee at that starbucks yesterday. Logan Snyder Weird, the old layout had squiggly looking black rectangles. instinct I listened to a Steve Jobs audio clip right before reading this headline, and it threw me off. makapav Vote up if you immediately went and searched for barista jobs after reading this post. Daniellejbergeron Google is paying 97$ per hour! Work for few hours & have longer with friends and family! !dw174c: On tuesday I got a great new Land Rover Range Rover from having earned $8752 this last four weeks.. Its the most-financialy rewarding I've had.. Follow this link for more information !dw174c: ➽➽ ➽➽;➽➽ http://GoogleFinancialCashJobs464MarketFlightGetPaid$97/Hour... ★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫::::::!dw174c:....,...... Evan Hart I get the job done from ease and comfort of my home, through doing easy jobs that only usually takes from you a Desk top together with on-line connection and Now I am more satisfied than ever before... After half a year on this work and therefore i obtained paid for totally Thirty six Thousand usd... Basically I generate close to 80 bucks/hr and work for 3 to 4 hrs day-after-day.And marvelous factor concerning this task is usually that you can easily supervise your time when you do the job and for how much time as you wish for and you achieve a check week by week.----->>>> learn by clicking here how to do it right now Christopher Phillips I do the job from comfort and ease of my property or home, via easy projects that only takes from you a Desktop and connection to the internet and I am just more successful than ever before... After half a year in this project and i obtained compensated for overall Thirty six Thousand bucks... Basically I generate near 80 bucks/hour and also work for three to four hours time on a regular basis.And spectacular factor regarding this work is the fact you can arrange your time while you get the job done and for just how long as you prefer and you attain a check week by week.>>>> learn by clicking here how to do it right now Rob The problem is finding actual jobs associated with postings in any platform. A lot of the time, these aren't serious openings. Follow Android Police 1.49M 472k 145k 119k Latest Deals 9 [Deal Alert] Chromecast Ultra is $59.99 ($10 off) at Google Store, Best Buy, B&H and others 2017/06/04 12:16pm PDTJun 4, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] Google Home is $109 ($20 off) at Best Buy, Google Store, B&H, and others 2017/06/04 10:07am PDTJun 4, 2017 12 [Deal Alert] Kick off the weekend with 24 temporarily free and 52 on-sale apps 2017/06/03 6:50pm PDTJun 3, 2017 18 [Deal Alert] Get a Nextbit Robin for $129.99 on eBay 2017/06/03 9:39am PDTJun 3, 2017 33 [Deal Alert] A Stork's Journey is currently free on Google Play Movies & TV 2017/06/01 10:50pm PDTJun 1, 2017 Latest Poll How many photos are on your Google Photos account? Under 100 100-999 1,000-2,499 2,500-4,999 5,000-9,999 10,000-19,999 20,000-39,999 More than 40,000. View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 67 Asus ZenFone 3 Zoom review: A promising phone that falls victim to bad software and cut corners 2017/05/31 2:21pm PDTMay 31, 2017 113 AOSPA (Paranoid Android) review: back from the dead, and we're thrilled 2017/05/31 9:47am PDTMay 31, 2017 29 Tag Heuer Connected Modular 45 review: It seems like $1,500 should get you more 2017/05/29 9:57am PDTMay 29, 2017 74 [Update, G+ Post] Francisco Franco makes his productivity timer 5217 free to try 2017/05/16 10:01am PDTMay 16, 2017 290 HTC U11 hands-on: HTC gets a little closer to the mark 2017/05/16 12:02am PDTMay 16, 2017 Latest Roundups 13 29 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/24/17 - 5/31/17) 2017/05/31 10:20am PDTMay 31, 2017 8 10 new and notable Android apps from the last week (5/23/17 - 5/29/17) 2017/05/29 12:49pm PDTMay 29, 2017 13 31 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/17/17 - 5/23/17) 2017/05/23 3:06pm PDTMay 23, 2017 16 12 new and notable Android apps and live wallpapers from the last week (5/16/17 - 5/22/17) 2017/05/22 12:48pm PDTMay 22, 2017 16 29 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/10/17 - 5/16/17) 2017/05/16 4:22pm PDTMay 16, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 18 Boost for Reddit removed from Play Store for alleged promotion of drugs, still not back after a week 2017/06/04 4:25pm PDTJun 4, 2017 112 Weekend poll: How many photos are synced to your Google Photos account? 2017/06/04 3:44pm PDTJun 4, 2017 28 Tasker beta v5 brings a fresh Material Design look and a huge list of other changes 2017/06/03 7:27pm PDTJun 3, 2017 12 [Deal Alert] Kick off the weekend with 24 temporarily free and 52 on-sale apps 2017/06/03 6:50pm PDTJun 3, 2017 76 Samsung uploads its Device Maintenance tool to the Play Store 2017/06/03 6:01pm PDTJun 3, 2017 Blast from the Past 60 1 Year Ago Today More Motorola Leaks: 'Style Mod' Replaceable Covers For The Moto X/Z And DROID Come In A Variety Of Materials 2016/06/04 12:27pm PDTJun 4, 2016 40 2 Years Ago Today Chrome Beta v44 Comes With Improvements To 'Native App' And 'Add To Homescreen' Banners, New Push API Features, And More [APK Download] 2015/06/04 5:14pm PDTJun 4, 2015 129 3 Years Ago Today YouTube v5.7 For Android Finally Lets You Select Exact Streaming Quality, As Long As It's 720p Or Lower [APK Download] 2014/06/04 6:16pm PDTJun 4, 2014 3 4 Years Ago Today Google Posts Glass XE6 Factory Image For Your Flashing Pleasure 2013/06/04 8:31pm PDTJun 4, 2013 16 5 Years Ago Today [Update: Pre-Orders Are Live] Sprint Announces The Galaxy S III Available June 21, Pre-Orders Start June 5 - $199 For 16GB, $249 For 32GB 2012/06/04 10:55pm PDTJun 4, 2012 327 6 Years Ago Today [Book Giveaway #2] Looking To Get Into Android Development? We're Giving Away "Hello, Android" To A Lucky Reader 2011/06/04 7:16pm PDTJun 4, 2011 2 7 Years Ago Today HTC EVO 4G OTA Update Comes Out In Time For Launch, Fixes SD Card Problems, Patches Security Issues, But Disables Root - Available Via WiFi As Well 2010/06/04 6:44pm PDTJun 4, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 112 Weekend poll: How many photos are synced to your Google Photos account? 2017/06/04 3:44pm PDTJun 4, 2017 35 It's not just you—there's a widespread Google Home outage 2017/06/04 12:04pm PDTJun 4, 2017 61 Samsung opens up its browser to some non-Samsung devices on the Play Store 2017/06/04 10:30am PDTJun 4, 2017 29 Motorola rolling out Android 7.1.1 to the Moto Z Play 2017/06/04 8:45am PDTJun 4, 2017 18 Boost for Reddit removed from Play Store for alleged promotion of drugs, still not back after a week 2017/06/04 4:25pm PDTJun 4, 2017 Last 7 Days 28 Google Photos v2.16 prepares to upgrade the camera shortcut, suggest photos to archive, and more [APK Teardown + Download] 2017/05/31 11:36pm PDTMay 31, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] Here are 38 temporarily free and 72 on-sale apps, plus both 0.10 Apps of the Week 2017/05/31 2:08pm PDTMay 31, 2017 501 [Update: New details plus Andy Rubin interview] The Essential phone is official, with an edge-to-edge display and the world's smallest 360-degree camera accessory 2017/05/30 7:48am PDTMay 30, 2017 76 Samsung uploads its Device Maintenance tool to the Play Store 2017/06/03 6:01pm PDTJun 3, 2017 24 Plex Live TV is now available for all Plex Pass subscribers, tuner required 2017/06/01 6:00am PDTJun 1, 2017 Last 30 Days 78 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 88 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 28 Google Photos v2.16 prepares to upgrade the camera shortcut, suggest photos to archive, and more [APK Teardown + Download] 2017/05/31 11:36pm PDTMay 31, 2017 94 The Play Store adopts new app and notification icons with v7.8.16 [APK Download] 2017/05/10 6:25pm PDTMay 10, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Advertise | Contact 122 queries | 0.680s | hive Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us ... [Deal Alert] Several movies and TV episodes on Google Play are on sale for Memorial Day Ryne Hager Follow View All Posts 2017/05/27 6:37pm PDTMay 27, 2017 56 Plus 1 on G+ 132 Share on Facebook 48 Share on Twitter Total Shares236 Deals Google News If your Memorial Day weekend plans are being ruined by poor weather, Google has an offer for you. It recently tossed up a little holiday sale on movies and TV shows over on Google Play, including some deals that are over 50% off their regular prices. So if you can't go camping or throw that family barbecue because of rain, at least you and your loved ones can snuggle up inside while you binge watch The Wire. It'll be good for little Johnny's character. Among the better movie collections being offered are The Lord of the Rings Trilogy for $20, the Back to the Future Trilogy for $15, and "The Best of Tarantino" six-movie collection for $30. The latter includes one of my favorite cheesy horror movies, From Dusk Till Dawn. The TV selection has a lot of solid HBO shows — if you don't happen to have HBO Go — as well as the complete X-Files for $50, American Horror Story seasons 1-5 for $60 and the amazing Kung Fu series in its entirety for $30. For more family-oriented deals there are a ton of shows from Nickelodeon, as well as a small number of animated children's film collections. You know what? The outdoors are over-rated. Who would want to spend a weekend outside with their loving family when they could spend days forcing their children to appreciate their favorite childhood movies. Let's face it, in the long run, your kids will thank you. Source: Google Play (1, 2) Tags deal alert google play memorial day movies sale tv subscribe ... Previous Story Google for Jobs going live for some people ... Next Story [Deal Alert] $1 Google Play movie rental (ends July 7th) Trending 78 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 88 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 Comments me me still seem expensive for what they are... Devin Rodriguez ✓ʳᵃᵈ It's true. All movies should be free for everyone. No company should want to make money. me me didnt say should be free. Just said expensive for what they are. Older films.... and things I've already seen or don't want to see. Eric Braun Then don't buy, problem solved. me me Correct. So they get no money which is less than if they charged less for them to intersect the value. Patrick Smithopolis And all phones should be dirt cheap so the manufacturers don't make any money and their companies go under. Devin Rodriguez ✓ʳᵃᵈ And also high end. I want the newest Qualcomm Snapdragon, Gorilla Glass 5, a 4k 5.5" screen, 3000 mAh battery, IP97 waterproofing, and all for $100. That shouldn't be that hard, right? splus I bet this is your favorite movie - http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1679335/ (Trolls) Devin Rodriguez ✓ʳᵃᵈ That movie is amazing. Trust me, I know movies. I know the best movies, terrific movies. I have the best movies, but there is no better movie than Trolls. xyz My fav movie is You're a Cunt. ethd Ooooo, got 'im! Devin Rodriguez ✓ʳᵃᵈ My god, I've seen the light. You have quite thoroughly dashed my hopes and dreams. Matt Because X-Files and Back the Future are the latest and greatest movies and TV shows, right? Devin Rodriguez ✓ʳᵃᵈ Exactly. Greatest movies and shows of all time. Nothing can compare. Truly works of art. xyz Go fuck yourself. Or better, let a Hollywood producer do it....for a fee of course. Devin Rodriguez ✓ʳᵃᵈ Brutal. Savage. Rekt. -Matoro Zeliph- Yeah, these (old) digital movies are pretty expensive than the physical bundle dvds you find at Walmart. You would think that digital (old) movies would be cheaper than the physical disc! Daniellejbergeron Google is paying 97$ per hour! Work for few hours & have longer with friends and family! !dw174c: On tuesday I got a great new Land Rover Range Rover from having earned $8752 this last four weeks.. Its the most-financialy rewarding I've had.. Follow this link for more information !dw174c: ➽➽ ➽➽;➽➽ http://GoogleFinancialCashJobs464MarketFlightGetPaid$97/Hour... ★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫::::::!dw174c:....,..... Christopher Phillips I work from comfort of my house, by doing hassle-free projects that solely demands from you a Laptop and on-line connection and Now I am more successful than before... After half a year on this job opportunity and i obtained cash in total 36,000 dollars... Basically I make up close to eighty bucks/h and also work for three to four hrs every single day.And marvelous point about this work is usually that you can also supervise time whenever you do the job and for just how long as you may prefer and you generate a check week by week.>>>> learn by clicking here how to do it right now -Matoro Zeliph- Shut up 4Ui812 That's because they are. As for the jackals that are knocking your comment ; they fail to grasp the concept. Kristinatskaggs Google is paying 97$ per hour! Work for few hours & have longer with friends and family! !dq75c: On tuesday I got a great new Land Rover Range Rover from having earned $8752 this last four weeks.. Its the most-financialy rewarding I've had.. Follow this link for more information !dq75c: ➽➽ ➽➽;➽➽ http://GoogleFinancialCashJobs365DirectRockGetPaid$97/Hour... ★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫::::::!dq75c:....,....... Travis Simerly I think you made John Galt mad. Travis Simerly It's definitely too expensive for a movie that doesn't even have 5.1 sound. I had 5.1 when I watched The Fellowship on a CRT TV. Will you have to buy another digital copy again to get better than stereo? You definitely will have to purchase again for a 4K digital copy. lm_a_dope Seems expensive to me. Alex Louderback My seams in my shirt aren't very expensive, you must buy fancy seams Juniors234 i see what you did there... lm_a_dope Hey I was typing on a phone and fixed it in less than 10s, stop being a ass. FelschR an ass* Stephen B Morris I wish Google would let me pay the difference to upgrade to the UHD version. I also wish they would create a UHD section. Tai Ch Play verry helpful Follow Android Police 1.49M 472k 145k 119k Latest Deals 9 [Deal Alert] Chromecast Ultra is $59.99 ($10 off) at Google Store, Best Buy, B&H and others 2017/06/04 12:16pm PDTJun 4, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] Google Home is $109 ($20 off) at Best Buy, Google Store, B&H, and others 2017/06/04 10:07am PDTJun 4, 2017 12 [Deal Alert] Kick off the weekend with 24 temporarily free and 52 on-sale apps 2017/06/03 6:50pm PDTJun 3, 2017 18 [Deal Alert] Get a Nextbit Robin for $129.99 on eBay 2017/06/03 9:39am PDTJun 3, 2017 33 [Deal Alert] A Stork's Journey is currently free on Google Play Movies & TV 2017/06/01 10:50pm PDTJun 1, 2017 Latest Poll How many photos are on your Google Photos account? Under 100 100-999 1,000-2,499 2,500-4,999 5,000-9,999 10,000-19,999 20,000-39,999 More than 40,000. View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 67 Asus ZenFone 3 Zoom review: A promising phone that falls victim to bad software and cut corners 2017/05/31 2:21pm PDTMay 31, 2017 113 AOSPA (Paranoid Android) review: back from the dead, and we're thrilled 2017/05/31 9:47am PDTMay 31, 2017 29 Tag Heuer Connected Modular 45 review: It seems like $1,500 should get you more 2017/05/29 9:57am PDTMay 29, 2017 74 [Update, G+ Post] Francisco Franco makes his productivity timer 5217 free to try 2017/05/16 10:01am PDTMay 16, 2017 290 HTC U11 hands-on: HTC gets a little closer to the mark 2017/05/16 12:02am PDTMay 16, 2017 Latest Roundups 13 29 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/24/17 - 5/31/17) 2017/05/31 10:20am PDTMay 31, 2017 8 10 new and notable Android apps from the last week (5/23/17 - 5/29/17) 2017/05/29 12:49pm PDTMay 29, 2017 13 31 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/17/17 - 5/23/17) 2017/05/23 3:06pm PDTMay 23, 2017 16 12 new and notable Android apps and live wallpapers from the last week (5/16/17 - 5/22/17) 2017/05/22 12:48pm PDTMay 22, 2017 16 29 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/10/17 - 5/16/17) 2017/05/16 4:22pm PDTMay 16, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 18 Boost for Reddit removed from Play Store for alleged promotion of drugs, still not back after a week 2017/06/04 4:25pm PDTJun 4, 2017 112 Weekend poll: How many photos are synced to your Google Photos account? 2017/06/04 3:44pm PDTJun 4, 2017 28 Tasker beta v5 brings a fresh Material Design look and a huge list of other changes 2017/06/03 7:27pm PDTJun 3, 2017 12 [Deal Alert] Kick off the weekend with 24 temporarily free and 52 on-sale apps 2017/06/03 6:50pm PDTJun 3, 2017 76 Samsung uploads its Device Maintenance tool to the Play Store 2017/06/03 6:01pm PDTJun 3, 2017 Blast from the Past 60 1 Year Ago Today More Motorola Leaks: 'Style Mod' Replaceable Covers For The Moto X/Z And DROID Come In A Variety Of Materials 2016/06/04 12:27pm PDTJun 4, 2016 40 2 Years Ago Today Chrome Beta v44 Comes With Improvements To 'Native App' And 'Add To Homescreen' Banners, New Push API Features, And More [APK Download] 2015/06/04 5:14pm PDTJun 4, 2015 129 3 Years Ago Today YouTube v5.7 For Android Finally Lets You Select Exact Streaming Quality, As Long As It's 720p Or Lower [APK Download] 2014/06/04 6:16pm PDTJun 4, 2014 3 4 Years Ago Today Google Posts Glass XE6 Factory Image For Your Flashing Pleasure 2013/06/04 8:31pm PDTJun 4, 2013 16 5 Years Ago Today [Update: Pre-Orders Are Live] Sprint Announces The Galaxy S III Available June 21, Pre-Orders Start June 5 - $199 For 16GB, $249 For 32GB 2012/06/04 10:55pm PDTJun 4, 2012 327 6 Years Ago Today [Book Giveaway #2] Looking To Get Into Android Development? We're Giving Away "Hello, Android" To A Lucky Reader 2011/06/04 7:16pm PDTJun 4, 2011 2 7 Years Ago Today HTC EVO 4G OTA Update Comes Out In Time For Launch, Fixes SD Card Problems, Patches Security Issues, But Disables Root - Available Via WiFi As Well 2010/06/04 6:44pm PDTJun 4, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 112 Weekend poll: How many photos are synced to your Google Photos account? 2017/06/04 3:44pm PDTJun 4, 2017 35 It's not just you—there's a widespread Google Home outage 2017/06/04 12:04pm PDTJun 4, 2017 61 Samsung opens up its browser to some non-Samsung devices on the Play Store 2017/06/04 10:30am PDTJun 4, 2017 29 Motorola rolling out Android 7.1.1 to the Moto Z Play 2017/06/04 8:45am PDTJun 4, 2017 18 Boost for Reddit removed from Play Store for alleged promotion of drugs, still not back after a week 2017/06/04 4:25pm PDTJun 4, 2017 Last 7 Days 28 Google Photos v2.16 prepares to upgrade the camera shortcut, suggest photos to archive, and more [APK Teardown + Download] 2017/05/31 11:36pm PDTMay 31, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] Here are 38 temporarily free and 72 on-sale apps, plus both 0.10 Apps of the Week 2017/05/31 2:08pm PDTMay 31, 2017 501 [Update: New details plus Andy Rubin interview] The Essential phone is official, with an edge-to-edge display and the world's smallest 360-degree camera accessory 2017/05/30 7:48am PDTMay 30, 2017 76 Samsung uploads its Device Maintenance tool to the Play Store 2017/06/03 6:01pm PDTJun 3, 2017 24 Plex Live TV is now available for all Plex Pass subscribers, tuner required 2017/06/01 6:00am PDTJun 1, 2017 Last 30 Days 78 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 88 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 28 Google Photos v2.16 prepares to upgrade the camera shortcut, suggest photos to archive, and more [APK Teardown + Download] 2017/05/31 11:36pm PDTMay 31, 2017 94 The Play Store adopts new app and notification icons with v7.8.16 [APK Download] 2017/05/10 6:25pm PDTMay 10, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Advertise | Contact 118 queries | 0.381s | nexus2 Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
recommend.my - Local Services| About Us| E-Paper| Search| MOBILE KLIK UNTUK PROJEKMMO 点击M中文网 Facebook Twitter RSS Kuala Lumpur 33°C, Mostly Cloudy MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Tech/Gadgets Apple said to plan dedicated chip to power AI on devices Sunday May 28, 2017 05:22 PM GMT+8 ICYMI ProjekMMO: Adira pasrah belum turun berat badan? Saudi, Bahrain, Egypt and UAE cut ties with Qatar The Edit: Pint glass becomes symbol of London’s defiance ‘Modern-day bank robbery’ lands Malaysian in Aussie jail Advertisement More stories                Tools Increase Text Decrease Text Reset Text Print Article CEO Tim Cook talks about Siri during an Apple event in San Francisco March 7, 2012. — Reuters picSAN FRANCISCO, May 28 — Apple Inc. got an early start in artificial intelligence software with the 2011 introduction of Siri, a tool that lets users operate their smartphones with voice commands. Now the electronics giant is bringing artificial intelligence to chips. Apple is working on a processor devoted specifically to AI-related tasks, according to a person familiar with the matter. The chip, known internally as the Apple Neural Engine, would improve the way the company’s devices handle tasks that would otherwise require human intelligence — such as facial recognition and speech recognition, said the person, who requested anonymity discussing a product that hasn’t been made public. Apple declined to comment. Engineers at Apple are racing to catch their peers at Amazon.com Inc. and Alphabet Inc. in the booming field of artificial intelligence. While Siri gave Apple an early advantage in voice-recognition, competitors have since been more aggressive in deploying AI across their product lines, including Amazon’s Echo and Google’s Home digital assistants. An AI-enabled processor would help Cupertino, California-based Apple integrate more advanced capabilities into devices, particularly cars that drive themselves and gadgets that run augmented reality, the technology that superimposes graphics and other information onto a person’s view of the world. “Two of the areas that Apple is betting its future on require AI,” said Gene Munster, former Apple analyst and co-founder of venture capital firm Loup Ventures. “At the core of augmented reality and self-driving cars is artificial intelligence.” Improved performance Apple devices currently handle complex artificial intelligence processes with two different chips: The main processor and the graphics chip. The new chip would let Apple offload those tasks onto a dedicated module designed specifically for demanding artificial intelligence processing, allowing Apple to improve battery performance. Should Apple bring the chip out of testing and development, it would follow other semiconductor makers that have already introduced dedicated AI chips. Qualcomm Inc.’s latest Snapdragon chip for smartphones has a module for handling artificial intelligence tasks, while Google announced its first chip, called the Tensor Processing Unit (TPU), in 2016. That chip worked in Google’s data centres to power search results and image-recognition. At its I/O conference this year, Google announced a new version that will be available to clients of its cloud business. Nvidia Corp. also sells a similar chip to cloud customers. The Apple AI chip is designed to make significant improvements to Apple’s hardware over time, and the company plans to eventually integrate the chip into many of its devices, including the iPhone and iPad, according to the person with knowledge of the matter. Apple has tested prototypes of future iPhones with the chip, the person said, adding that it’s unclear if the component will be ready this year. Apple’s operating systems and software features would integrate with devices that include the chip. For example, Apple has considered offloading facial recognition in the photos application, some parts of speech recognition, and the iPhone’s predictive keyboard to the chip, the person said. Apple also plans to offer developer access to the chip so third-party apps can also offload artificial intelligence-related tasks, the person said. Developer conference Apple may choose to discuss some of its latest advancements in AI at its annual developer’s conference in June. At the same conference, Apple plans to introduce iOS 11, its new operating system for iPhones and iPads, with an updated user-interface, people with knowledge of the matter said last month. The company is also said to discuss updated laptops with faster chips from Intel Corp. An AI chip would join a growing list of processors that Apple has created in-house. The company began designing its own main processors for the iPhone and iPad in 2010 with the A4 chip. It has since released dedicated processors to power the Apple Watch, the motion sensors across its products, the wireless components inside of its AirPods, and the fingerprint scanner in the MacBook Pro. The company has also tested a chip to run the low-power mode on Mac laptops. In 2015, Bloomberg reported that Apple’s culture of secrecy stymied the iPhone maker’s ability to attract top AI research talent. Since then, Apple has acquired multiple companies with deep ties to artificial intelligence, has begun publishing papers related to AI research, has joined a key research group and has made hires from the field. In October 2016, Apple hired Russ Salakhutdinov from Carnegie Mellon University as its director of AI research. — Bloomberg                MORE ON MMOTV Most Viewed Now Week After London attack, Facebook says aims to be ‘hostile environment’ for terrorists Smart cities to take centre stage at CES 2018 Snapchat’s ‘Spectacles’ go on sale in Europe A new era for Nokia Apple set to expand Siri, taking different route from Amazon’s Alexa (VIDEO) A new era for Nokia Will Samsung's new notebooks write a new chapter? Nokia takes its relaunched 3310 ‘brick’ home to Finland (VIDEO) Robo justice: First robotic cop joins Dubai police Smart cities to take centre stage at CES 2018 Most Watched Now Week Reuters Video: One Direction's Styles tops Billboard with solo album Reuters Video: With rave reviews, 'Wonder Woman' readies to launch Reuters Video: Francois Ozon's 'L'Amant Double' shocks at Cannes Reuters Video: Cast and crew of ‘The Beguiled’ discuss the remake Reuters Video: Thai man murders baby, commits suicide on Facebook Live Tilda Swinton unveils strange ‘Okja’ promo clip Related Articles Apple said to ready Siri speaker in bid to rival Google, Amazon Apple Music sets August 8 as new release date for ‘Carpool Karaoke’ Chess-playing robot star of Taiwan tech fair Nokia, Apple bury hatchet in patent dispute Ready, Set, Go! Rematch of man vs machine in ancient game Advertisement MMO Instagram Tweets by @themmailonline Tweets by @themmailonline MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Copyright © 2017 Malay Mail Online About Us | Contact Us | Policies | Search | Archive | E-Paper | Mobile | ProjekMMO | recommend.my - Local Services
GSMArena.com Tip us 868k 130k 87k 212k RSS Log in Login with Facebook Google Sign up Home News Reviews Video Phone Finder Tools Glossary Coverage FAQ Contact Square one Sony Xperia XA1 review - - - Google photo books now available in the US Post your comment Comments (6) Prasad 27 May 2017 Google iOS Android Back at I/O, Google announced a new feature in Google Photos, the ability to create photo books. The feature was initially available only on the website but is now also live in the app and available on both, Android and iOS. With photo books, you can now get the photos in your Photos library printed into a softcover or hardcover book. Just select a group of photos you want to get printed and Google will use machine learning to automatically select the best photos of the bunch to print. In future, the app will also be able to suggest preconfigured books for you to quickly select. The photo books are priced at $9.99 for softcover and $19.99 for hardcover with 20 pages, with additional charges for every extra page. The service is currently available in the US and will be available more countries later. Related articles New Google Play Music subscribers are getting 4 months of service for free Google's Photos app hits 1 billion installs on Play Store Archive feature is now rolling out to Google Photos, lets you hide images from the main view Google I/O 2017 starts today - what to expect and where to watch the keynote's livestream Reader comments Anonymous kR2x 30 May 2017 This is the miracle we have all been waiting for. Never before have we able to make photo books of our photos before. Reply Dummy_001 RKp6 29 May 2017 Just asking for a poll? Which option should I use in my iphone 5s phone in Google Photos? Original or High Quality? Reply nm U@IH 28 May 2017 flop will it be! ultra flop. Reply Read all comments Post your comment Total reader comments: 6 Phone finder Samsung Apple Microsoft Nokia Sony LG HTC Motorola Huawei Lenovo Xiaomi Google Acer Asus Oppo OnePlus Meizu BlackBerry Alcatel ZTE Toshiba Vodafone Gigabyte XOLO Lava Micromax BLU Gionee vivo LeEco Panasonic HP YU verykool Maxwest Plum All brands Rumor mill Top 10 by daily interest   Device Daily hits   1. Samsung Galaxy S8 72,970 2. Xiaomi Redmi Note 4 60,792 3. Xiaomi Redmi 4 (4X) 56,421 4. Samsung Galaxy J7 Prime 56,280 5. Xiaomi Redmi 4a 44,469 6. Samsung Galaxy S8+ 42,596 7. Samsung Galaxy A5 (2017) 40,114 8. Nokia 6 38,936 9. Apple iPhone 6 36,488 10. Xiaomi Mi 6 34,896 Top 10 by fans   Device Favorites   1. Samsung Galaxy S7 edge 2,208 2. OnePlus 3 1,695 3. Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 1,684 4. Xiaomi Mi 5 1,655 5. Samsung Galaxy S7 1,541 6. HTC 10 1,475 7. LG G5 1,231 8. Samsung Galaxy S8 1,181 9. OnePlus 3T 922 10. Xiaomi Mi Mix 880 Home News Reviews Compare Coverage Glossary FAQ RSS feed Facebook Twitter © 2000-2017 GSMArena.com Mobile version Contact us Advertising Privacy Terms of use CDN by
Epaper search FOLLOW US: Home Archives Latest Arkansas Arkansas Politics Crime Legislature National National Politics Opinion/Voices Religion Right2Know Traffic Map Weather Weird News World Today's Newspaper News Obituaries Arkansas Arkansas Stocks Jobs Markets Technology Today's Newspaper Business Weekend Movies Music Find a Restaurant Dining Today's Newspaper Events TV Listings Puzzles & Games Entertainment Arkansas Razorbacks-WholeHogSports High School-Preps UA UALR ASU UCA Horse Racing Wally Hall- Like It Is Blog-Recruiting Guy College Football College Basketball Olympics NFL NFL Draft NBA MLB PGA NHL NASCAR TENNIS SOCCER Little Rock Marathon Today's Newspaper Sports Photo Galleries Staff Galleries & Multimedia AP Photos Top 10 Photos All Sports Top Trending Videos News Recruiting Video Galleries Videos Family Food High Profile Religion Style Travel Wedding/Engagement Announcements Anniversary Announcements Arkansas Bridal Community Special Sections Dear Abby Columnists Polls Previous Features Features Events Classifieds Jobs Homes Autos Core Values Crime Right2Know Traffic Projects Archives News Tip Whole Hog Sports Arkansas Life Place an Ad Arkansas Daily Deal Monday, June 05, 2017, 12:21 a.m. ADVERTISEMENT Home / The problem of measuring productivity By ZACHARY KARABELL Bloomberg This article was published May 28, 2017 at 1:56 a.m. Comments aAFont Size When it comes to productivity, only two things are undebatable: The official rate of U.S. productivity growth has stalled since at least 2007, having started to slow before then, and there is no consensus about why or what to do about it. This story is only available from the Arkansas Online archives. Stories can be purchased individually for $2.95. Click here to search for this story in the archives. Print Headline: The problem of measuring productivity Tweet ADVERTISEMENT More Opinion and Letters* The purported power of madstones Centrism takes on left, right extremes The demise of compassionate conservatism PETA's on top as circus shuts down The problem of measuring productivity Sinclair could be broadcast's Fox News Working for Trump? It's time to quit Remembering my first president BEST-SELLERS More Opinion and Letters* stories > Comments on: The problem of measuring productivity To report abuse or misuse of this area please hit the "Suggest Removal" link in the comment to alert our online managers. Read our Terms of Use policy. You must login to make comments. ADVERTISEMENT MOST POPULAR Viewed Commented 'Executive privilege' to quiet Comey called an option (29 comments) Putin dismisses U.S. claims about Trump, Russia and elections (1 comment) Kathy Griffin says she's not 'laying down' for Trump, fears career is over (32 comments) 12 arrested in London's night of terror; IS claims attack (6 comments) Little Rock mayor says city still committed to Paris climate agreement, signs letter to Trump (35 comments) Pulled from reality (4 comments) open this tab by default SHOPPING loading... Central Arkansas Auto Sales Central Arkansas Banking Central Arkansas Beauty Care Central Arkansas Dentists Central Arkansas Florists Central Arkansas Insurance Central Arkansas Lawyers Central Arkansas Movers Central Arkansas Physicians Central Arkansas Restaurants Central Arkansas Real Estate ADVERTISEMENT Home News Obituaries Business Entertainment Photos Videos Features Events Classifieds Jobs Real Estate Autos Daily Deal NEWS Today's Newspaper Arkansas Obituaries Opinion / Letters National Politics Elections World Religion Offbeat Sister Papers Weather Print Edition BUSINESS Business Business wire Tech wire Arkansas stocks Markets SPORTS Arkansas Sports Whole Hog - Razorbacks Preps Recruiting Guy Blog LR Marathon College sports galleries Preps sports galleries AP Sports College Football NFL NBA MLB PGA NASCAR Tennis FEATURES Events Calendar Event Photos FEATURES cont. Style Music Family Food Dining Out Find a Restaurant Television Travel High Profile Weddings/Engagements WEB EXTRAS E-mail Updates Right2Know Databases Documents Archives Statement of core values WEB EXTRAS cont. Videos Photo Galleries FixIt Pothole Map War Casualties Democrat-Gazette History Arkansas Links Support Groups Blogs Facebook Twitter CONTACT FAQ/Contact Us Forgotten Password? Subscriber Help Newspaper Delivery Corporate CONTACT cont. Advertising Newspaper Staff Website Staff Internships Terms of Use SUBMIT News Tip Event or Meeting Letter to the Editor Honor/Achievement Wedding/Anniversary PROMOTIONS Democrat-Gazette Store Bridal Show Capture Arkansas Spelling Bee PUBLICATIONS Tri Lakes Three Rivers River Valley & Ozark Arkansas Life Special Sections Where We Live CLASSIFIEDS Classifieds Jobs Real Estate Auto Jobs with Us ADVERTISING Advertise with us Copyright © 2017, Arkansas Democrat-Gazette, Inc. All rights reserved. This document may not be reprinted without the express written permission of Arkansas Democrat-Gazette, Inc. Material from the Associated Press is Copyright © 2017, Associated Press and may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. Associated Press text, photo, graphic, audio and/or video material shall not be published, broadcast, rewritten for broadcast or publication or redistributed directly or indirectly in any medium. Neither these AP materials nor any portion thereof may be stored in a computer except for personal and noncommercial use. The AP will not be held liable for any delays, inaccuracies, errors or omissions therefrom or in the transmission or delivery of all or any part thereof or for any damages arising from any of the foregoing. All rights reserved. We hope you've enjoyed your preview of ArkansasOnline.com. You've now read the maximum number of stories available without a subscription. Subscribe now for complete and uninterrupted access to the best local, state and national news. Already have an account?   Already a print subscriber?  
CLOSE X IOLPersonal Finance Shop @ LootAfrican IndependentYoung IndependentIOL PropertyIVEO Mon 5 Jun companies economy energy markets entrepreneurs technology MORE Careers International Opinion Financial Tools IOL special features the zuma era #dontlookaway icc champions trophy trump's america durban tourism indaba NEWS POLITICS business business report personal finance SPORT ENTERTAINMENT LIFESTYLE MOTORING TRAVEL Multimedia NEWSPAPERS Classifieds Cape Community About IOL technology Technology All Business Report Companies | Economy | Energy | Markets Markets Shares Currencies Commodities Market Indicators | Entrepreneurs | Technology | Careers | International | Opinion | Financial Tools | About Us | Contact Us | Advertisement Google data mine digs into credit-card privacy Technology | 28 May 2017, 09:00am Elizabeth Dwoskin, Craig Timberg San Francisco - Google has begun using billions of credit-card transaction records to prove that its online ads are prompting people to make purchases - even when they happen offline in brick-and-mortar stores, the company said Tuesday. The advance allows Google to determine how many sales have been generated by digital ad campaigns, a goal that industry insiders have long described as "the holy grail" of online advertising. But the announcement also renewed long-standing privacy complaints about how the company uses personal information. Tell a friend AP Photo/Matt Rourke To power its multibillion-dollar advertising juggernaut, Google already analyses users' Web browsing, search history and geographic locations, using data from popular Google-owned apps such as YouTube, Gmail, Google Maps and the Google Play store. All that information is tied to the real identities of users when they log into Google's services. The new credit-card data enables the tech giant to connect these digital trails to real-world purchase records in a far more extensive way than was possible before. But in doing so, Google is yet again treading in territory that consumers may consider too intimate and potentially sensitive. Privacy advocates said few people understand that their purchases are being analysed in this way and could feel uneasy, despite assurances from Google that it has taken steps to protect the personal information of its users. Google also declined to detail how the new system works or what companies are analysing records of credit and debit cards on Google's behalf. Google, which saw $79 billion in revenue last year, said it would not handle the records directly but that its undisclosed partner companies had access to 70 percent of transactions for credit and debit cards in the United States. "What's really fascinating to me is that as the companies become increasingly intrusive in terms of their data collection, they also become more secretive," said Marc Rotenberg, executive director of the Electronic Privacy Information Center. He urged government regulators and Congress to demand answers about how Google and other technology companies are collecting and using data from their users. User privacy Google said it took pains to protect to protect user privacy. "While we developed the concept for this product years ago, it required years of effort to develop a solution that could meet our stringent user privacy requirements," Google said in a statement. "To accomplish this, we developed a new, custom encryption technology that ensures users' data remains private, secure, and anonymous." The announcement comes as Google attempts to weather an outcry from advertisers over how their ad dollars are spent. Google is working to move past an advertising boycott of YouTube, its lucrative video site, after news reports that ads for mainstream brands were appearing alongside extremist content, including sites featuring hate speech and violence. Google for years has been mining location data from Google Maps in an effort to prove that knowledge of people's physical locations could "close the loop" between physical and digital worlds. Users can block this by adjusting the settings on smartphones, but few do so, privacy experts said. This location-tracking ability has allowed Google to send reports to retailers telling them, for example, whether people who saw an ad for a lawn mower later visited or passed by a Home Depot. The location-tracking program has grown since it was first launched with only a handful of retailers. Home Depot, Express, Nissan and Sephora have participated. "Google - and also Facebook - believe that to get digital dollars from advertisers who are still primarily spending on TV, they need to prove that digital works," said Amit Jain, chief executive of Bridg, a start-up that matches online and offline behaviour. "These companies have to invest in finding the identity of the consumer at the moment when that shopper is at the cash register." Tuesday's announcement gives Google a clearer way to understand purchases than just location and allows it to understand purchase activity even when consumers deactivate location tracking on their smartphones. Google executives say they are using complex, patent-pending mathematical formulas to protect the privacy of consumers when they match a Google user with a shopper who makes a purchase in a brick-and-mortar store. The mathematical formulas convert people's names and other purchase information, including the time stamp, location and amount of the purchase, into anonymous strings of numbers. The formulas make it impossible for Google to know the identity of the real-world shoppers, and for the retailers to know the identities of Google's users, said company executives, who called the process "double-blind" encryption. Making matches The companies know only that a certain number of matches have been made. In addition, Google does not know what products people bought. "Through a mathematical property, we can do double-blind matching between their data and our data," Jerry Dischler, vice president of product management for AdWords, Google's online advertising service, said in an interview. "Neither gets to the see the encrypted data that the other side brings." The tech giant declined to describe its mathematical formulas in anything more than broad terms, citing the patent application. It said the work was based on a 2011 research paper by three MIT scientists, which was funded by Google and Citigroup. Dischler described the modelling as a "revolutionary" step forward for Google and advertisers. He added that users who signed into Google's services had consented to Google sharing their data with third parties. But the company would not say how merchants had obtained consent from consumers to pass along their credit-card information. Google said that it requires its partners to use only personal data that they have the "rights" to use, but it would not say whether that meant the consumers had consented. Read also: Google making cheap Android phones support its latest software In the past, both Google and Facebook have obtained purchase data for a more limited set of consumers who participate in store-loyalty programs. Those consumers are more heavily tracked by retailers and often give consent to share their data with third parties as a condition of signing up. Tuesday's initiative enables Google to use transaction data from a much wider swath of consumers than ever before, but the lack of detail on how personal data was being handled caused concern for privacy advocates. Paul Stephens, of Privacy Rights Clearinghouse, a consumer-advocacy group based in San Diego, said only a few pieces of data can allow a marketer to identify an individual, and he expressed scepticism that Google's system for guarding the identities of users will stand up to the efforts of hackers, who in the past have successfully stripped away privacy protections created by other companies after data breaches. "What we have learned is that it's extremely difficult to anonymize data," he said. "If you care about your privacy, you definitely need to be concerned." Such data providers have been the targets of cybercriminals in the past. In 2015, a hack of data broker Experian exposed the personal information of 15 million people. WASHINGTON POST Tell a friend Most Read 1 #CourtneyPieters: ‘He killed her because he didn’t like her’ 2 Zuma challenged to take legal action over Dubai mansion story 3 Raped, then murdered and mutilated 4 'I was there during horrific #LondonAttacks' 5 Body found on Table Mountain is Charlotte Nikoi: Unicef Advertisement X BUSINESS REPORT About us Contact us Feedback Follow us on INSIDE BUSINESS REPORT Companies Economy Energy Markets Entrepreneurs Technology Careers International Opinion Financial tools EXPLORE IOL News Politics Business Report Personal Finance Sport Entertainment Lifestyle Motoring Travel BUSINESS REPORT WEEKLY Sign up to receive our weekly edition of Business Report in your inbox. SIGN UP OR subscribe to e-editions of our Newspaper titles. Terms & Conditions Privacy policy Feedback Advertise with us © Independent Media and affiliated companies. All rights reserved
FIRSTPOST TECH2 FAKING NEWS हिंदी फर्स्टपोस्ट News & Analysis Reviews WWDC Startup Gaming Auto News Videos #Oppo Firstpost Shareworthy India vs Pakistan: Sarfraz Ahmed's men justified their ICC ranking, Twitter reacts to arch-rivals clash World Environment Day: UN General Secretary António Guterres urges people to ''cherish the planet that protect us'' London bridge terror attack claimed by Islamic State: A look at jihadist-linked attacks in Europe since 2015 Remembering Tiananmen Square: 28 years later, thousands gather in Hong Kong London terror attacks: Gurudwaras open doors to stranded locals, tourists; offer food and shelter more from #Google Google relaunches Contributor to help users browse ad-free pages Antutu benchmark reveals Nokia 9, with Snapdragon 835, 4 GB RAM Google's Waymo starts testing its autonomous truck Top Reviews 3T (128GB) Editor rating : 8 Price: 34,999 F3 Plus Editor rating : 8 Price: 30,990 Redmi Note 4 (64GB, 4GB RAM) Editor rating : 7.5 Price: 12,999 GT73VR 7RF Titan Pro Editor rating : 8 Price: 336,000 V5 Plus (64GB, 4GB RAM) Editor rating : 8 Price: 27,980 You are here: Home > News & Analysis> Google search now includes a ‘Personal’ tab which will highlight results from your personal data By IANS /  28 May 2017 , 12:19 #Google Image: Reuters Aiming to help people find what they are looking for, Google has added a “Personal” tab in search results to show content from private sources like Gmail account and Google Photos library. “Similar to the Images, News and Maps tabs, the Personal tab narrows down search query and shows results from your Google accounts instead,” technology website theverge.com reported. The “Personal” tab can be found behind the “More” menu and will surface results like Gmail messages and calendar events from users signed-in accounts. For photo searches, users can either immediately open an image result or click through to do a deeper search in Google Photos. In March, Google introduced shortcuts on the Google Search app for Android, iOS and Google.com on the mobile web that gives users the ability to explore deeper within topics they care about. With shortcuts right on the home screen, users now have access to in-depth experiences across sports, eat and drink, entertainment and weather sections. Android users will find other useful shortcuts too like translate, nearby attractions, flights, hotels, internet speed test, currency converter and more. Publish date: May 28, 2017 12:19 pm| Modified date: May 28, 2017 12:19 pm Tags: Google, Google Personal tab, Google Search Also read Google will work with the government of Vietnam to remove ‘toxic’ content Google’s AI-powered AlphaGo defeats the best human Go players, retires from competitive sports X Recommended For You Google relaunches Contributor to help users browse ad-free pages Antutu benchmark reveals Nokia 9, with Snapdragon 835, 4 GB RAM Google’s Android bug bounty increased to $2,00,000 Google is planning to build Ad-blocker inside Chrome next year; plans to use it as a quality filter Subscribe to our newsletter GO You are Now Subscribed to our Newsletter - Stay Tuned ! FOLLOW US ON LAPTOP Reviews Rating : 6 / 10 Acer TravelMate P449 review: A sensible, understated design marred by a poor display unit Rating : 8 / 10 MSI GT73VR 7RF gaming laptop review: Ludicrous performance at a ludicrous price Rating : 8 / 10 Asus ROG Strix GL553VE laptop review: A well-designed powerhouse Rating : 7.5 / 10 Acer Aspire S13 review: This might just be the best Windows-based Ultrabook in its price range #Extremism Jun 5, 2017 Here is how governments are fighting the spread of extremism on the internet #EVM Jun 5, 2017 CPI-M calls for discussion on the design choices of EVMs with EC and parties #Partnered May 15, 2017 Selfie experience just gone better with OPPO’s new F3 smartphones #hackathon Jun 5, 2017 BEL and Botswana deny holding any hackathon to test EVM machines #WWDC 2017 Jun 5, 2017 WWDC 2017: Here’s what Apple has in store for this year’s event #Virtual Reality Jun 5, 2017 Virtual reality capable of soothing pain SMARTPHONE Reviews Rating : 7.5 / 10 Samsung Galaxy A5 (2017) review: A well-built phone that lives or dies by Samsung Pay Rating : 6.5 / 10 Vivo Y66 smartphone review: An uninspiring device that packs a decent camera Rating : 6.5 / 10 Asus ZenFone 3 Laser Review: Borderline decent smartphone, with an unfortunate price tag Rating : 6.5 / 10 Samsung Galaxy J7 Prime: Great battery life; but competition offers better value for money T & C Policy Contact Us फर्स्टपोस्ट हिन्दी Copyright © 2017 Tech2.com
Skip to main content Menu Order MacBook Pro | iPhone 7 | Mac Pro | Shop: Cheap Wireless Plans Forums Skip to navigation Skip to content iMore Rumors Analysis How To The Best Reviews Deals Newsletter Forums Ask a Question New Posts Trending Discussions iPhone 7 iPhone 7 Plus iPhone 6s iPhone 6s Plus MacBook Pro Apple Watch Series 2 iOS 10 macOS Sierra iPad Pro (12.9-inch) iPad Pro (9.7-inch) Apps & Games Shop HOT ACCESSORY DEAL$ Digital Offers Best sellers New releases Cases and covers Chargers and cables Battery packs Screen Protectors Toggle Search Pace of change Apple Maps vs. Google Maps: A year in analysis By Rene Ritchie Saturday, May 27, 2017 at 12:41 pm EDT 27 Comments Apple is constantly working on maps but, when you look at this incredibly detailed analysis by Justin O'Beirne, Google is racing. Over the course of a year, Google quietly turned its map inside-out – transforming it from a road map into a place map. A year ago, the roads were the most prominent part of the map – the thing you noticed first. Now, the places are. And: In our Comparison last year, we found that Apple generally showed a greater variety of places than Google: But look what happens when we resurvey Google a year later: It's quite a difference – and Google's mix is now much closer to Apple's. And: Speaking of Apple... while Google has been making all those changes, what has Apple been up to? After all, Apple announced an "all-new design" for Apple Maps just weeks before Google's Summer redesign. Let's take a look at how Apple looked a year ago, before it released its new design: And now let's see how it looks today: See the difference? I don't either. Last year, in addition to the major redesign, we also got Maps apps, so everything from ride-sharing to reservation making could live in and enhance maps. We also got steady progress for Apple Maps on the web. I expect we'll see some of the next-generation of Maps updates at WWDC 2017 but here's hoping Apple can shed its dependence on TomTom data, accelerate the updates, and start closing that gap. It's not about beating Google at maps either. It's about providing quality maps all Apple's own. Many people simply use whatever's built into the phone or tablet they buy, and for iPhone and iPad, that's Apple Maps. And they deserve as rapid and continuous improvements as possible. Apple's got a great geo team, we just need to see more from them in real time. Maps for iPhone and iPad What's new in the Maps app How to find locations and get directions with Maps How to share location and directions with Maps How to delete your search history and prior destinations in Maps How to use Siri with Maps How to enable and use Maps extensions Best Maps app extensions How to change settings for Maps How to report a problem in Maps How to use Maps with CarPlay Reader comments Apple Maps vs. Google Maps: A year in analysis 27 Comments View All Comments Log In to Comment Register Sort by Date Sort by Rating wesee The week that Apple Maps first came out, I got a wedding invitation that stated, "Don't use Google Maps, because it's wrong." I knew where the church was, and sure enough Google was wrong. I tried it in Apple Maps, and it was perfect. Since then I have used Apple Maps only, and have yet to be let down. I travel all over Southern Ontario, and into the US at times. I know people find spots that are wrong, but that can be said for Google too. I'll happily stick with Apple Maps. 0 1 week ago Reply Rene Ritchie No maps really work for me. Google stopped announcing exit numbers for a while, which meant I couldn't use them on the local highways. Just last week I asked both Google and Apple Maps to take me to a local town hall. Apple showed me the wrong town, Google wanted me to go to the U.S. The floods ended here almost two weeks ago and Google still wants to redirect me around them, but wants to take me through roads blocked by construction for almost a month. I get that mapping is hard and up-to-the-minute mapping almost impossible, so generally I try to just get general ideas and not worry the details much. 0 1 week ago Reply Steve Adams The opposite for us when apple started with maps. We went to a hockey tourney with my son, his iPhone shoed the stadium on the opposite side of town and my nokia brought us right to the correct door. 0 1 week ago Reply wvayens I really prefer the look of Apple maps. I use maps more to tell me how to get someplace rather than finding places. And I find the "look" when I'm navigating to be much cleaner and easier to read. 0 1 week ago Reply masaoota I'm totally the opposite - I find Google Maps visually a lot easier to view and follow. This is particularly so in London where they have clear classic icons on the map for underground stations and train stations which are often the main landmarks I navigate by. The Apple Maps representation of these is really poor. 0 1 week ago Reply PoisonMaps I think this is an example of why Google Maps is so much better than Apple Maps for countries outside North America. Apple Maps is very much based on roads, which is probably fine in the U.S, where most people drive everywhere, but doesn’t work elsewhere. As you say, in London people’s knowledge of the layout of the city is generally garnered from the tube map (an iconic design that I am unhealthily fond of), and so Google make sure that the stations are prominent. I don’t know for sure, but Apple don’t seem to have the same global knowledge. They have some great transit functionality, with fantastic levels of detail, but the London tube stations are barely shown on the main map unless you specifically select the Transit option. I assume that Apple Maps are coded by guys in Cupertino so this probably seems a reasonable assumption. However I guess that Google have people in each country giving feedback about what locals expect to be on a map, and that makes their maps so much better to use. Apple really need to up their game with maps, especially outside the US. I am sure that they are great for driving, but what about when walking? Especially when in the countryside, which is where Apple Maps is frankly awful. This was understandable when they first started, but is pretty pathetic 5 years later. Why do they show so few (if any) paths? Surely people in the US like to hike as well? Hopefully Apple will up their game in Maps at WWDC. They have made all sorts of amazing peripheral improvements (3D flyovers, transit, reservations etc) but the basic maps are not much better than they were 5 years ago (at least here in the UK). They still prioritise driving and ignore walking, which is pretty poor for a general purpose app. 0 1 week ago Reply indoctrahol I'll give Apple Maps another go around. The issue I have with it when using just for a little bit was there is a bit too much movement when navigating. It becomes a bit hard to reorientate your sense of direction when this happens too much. Maybe I'm just getting old. 0 1 week ago Reply Vox My only problem with Apple Maps is that it's the only option when it comes to Car Play...can't open Waze or Google Maps in the place I need them most...my car. Usually Apple Maps works well here in Monterrey (Mexico), but when it doesn't, I've got to pull out my phone holder and stick it to the window to be able to use Waze (which is usually the best of the 3 for me here). 0 1 week ago Reply Thoughter Rene, by focusing just on the look of Apple Maps, you are leaving out the huge improvements that Apple continues to roll out. For example, it's just in the past year AM has implemented the hugely beneficial "alternate routes" pop up when accidents occur. Apple Transit is also superior to GM Transit, not in number of regions yet, but in accuracy and user features. (Apple could have turned on every region at once, as Google did, if they simply were satisfied with stock data, but Google was criticized for accuracy, etc., and Apple wanted a very different user experience. Also, it would be good for you with your contacts to do an article on what is around the corner with Apple anticipated to compete its base map this year or early 2018. This will lead to some fantastic developments, such as Sky to ground zoom, again far superior than the GM Streetview which is very dated and clunky to use. 0 1 week ago Reply Thoughter Rene, also it would be great in an article to let folks know how huge mapping is in Apple's future. With the debacle of a roll out, Apple has intentionally been low key in building base map and adding features, but they are adding thousands of employees to mapping, e.g., new center in India, and mapping is integral to the future Apple ecosystem, something most don't realize. 0 1 week ago Reply SkydiverTilt Two YEARS after moving into my house I still have to tell people not to use Apple Maps. It's just awful. Apple reallly needs to allow Google maps integration into the iOS for one click directions. Apple maps isn't even close (and I'm an Apple fan boy), not by **** far. Stays deleted (thank you Apple for at least allowing it to be deleted so as not to accidentally click a link and open up that garbage of an app) 0 1 week ago Reply DannyJJK If you've read the previous comments on here, Apple Maps is certainly not garbage. Yes it's probably inaccurate in your area, but just because it's bad in one area doesn't mean it's bad all round. Google Maps is very inaccurate for me around where I live, by your logic that means Google Maps is just as garbage as well 0 1 week ago Reply stratmansd Google Maps is really better when it comes to overall reference and map information. But when it comes to driving directions, I find Apple Maps and Google Maps are mostly the same. Google maps is good at giving you lane instructions which Apple Maps doesn't do. However, I've had Google either stop giving directions or begin giving me directions in an opposite direction. I haven't had these problems with Apple Maps. Apple Maps is usually reliable when I'm driving and using Car Play. 0 1 week ago Reply AdamHunterATC I am, for the most part, content with Apple Maps. Give me lane guidance and multi-destination routing, and it'll be perfect for me. 0 1 week ago Reply n8ter#AC Most people I know use Google Maps. I haven't driven in like... Years, Lol. So, naturally I only use Maps when told to. In that case, I just use whatever device I have. If I have my Windows Tablet, I will just use that cause it has GPS and Offline Maps. If I'm on my Kindle I'll check on that if I'm tethered. If i'm on my Phone, I will check Apple Maps, cause I don't install redundant apps on my phone (like Google Maps). I've yet to have any of those take me to the wrong place, so I pretty much don't care about these details anymore... 0 1 week ago Reply iDonev Over where I live (Bulgaria) Apple Maps has much more serious problems than your usual "oh, there aren't enough businesses and places of interest" or the "road is closed due to construction work and it's not reflected on the map". The biggest issue Apple Maps has for me is the omission of small roads and pedestrian walkways. As such Apple Maps cannot even give me the fastest route to my location. Google Maps, on the other hand, is much more comprehensive. That said, I still prefer Apple Maps, I just need to duplicate my route search in Google Maps to make sure that I am going where I need to go and that I will get there as quickly as possible. 0 1 week ago Reply Ttrq2001 For a very nice job with the same topic, head over here and check out what this other author has to say! Enjoy. https://www.justinobeirne.com/a-year-of-google-maps-and-apple-maps 0 1 week ago Reply PoisonMaps That's the article that Rene is talking about. 0 1 week ago Reply Ttrq2001 Ah got it. That article is really good! Thx PM! 0 1 week ago Reply PoisonMaps No worries. It is a great article that gives a good insight into the difficulty of creating maps that are used for all sorts of purposes. I think they should give the user more control over what they want to see on the map. Both apps have “transport” modes, and Google have “cycling”, but why not have options for hiking, shopping, tourism, emergencies etc? Although then no-one would buy my app! 0 1 week ago Reply Derrick4Real yes a very good article. And if it's relying on Tom Tom information it explains why for more than a year my like 30 requests for a correction of a business and address went unfixed. They probably could not fix it because it was someone else's information, which i always suspected. That said they did offer a place to offer corrections. So i figured they had some input. 0 1 week ago Reply Steve Adams Oh, for driving, at least, download HERE maps. It's the BEST mapping / navigation for driving . 0 1 week ago Reply Derrick4Real My experience is very much the opposite. Google has always and still does have far more detail, businesses in my area, LA. The addresses and business names are more accurate too. I even told apple several times about errors that didn't get fixed until just last year. Google street view is the killer feature though and i haven't seen an apple offering that compares to that. I do wish google had a feature where i could just have it in 3d driving mode w/o navigating somewhere. And also even when you're driving or navigating it doesn't always show the map in the direction your moving which is annoying. Google also has maps inside many stores here which was actually quite useful as when i was looking for a used record store i peered inside and it was pretty easy to determine that it wasn't a traditional record store but was more of a joint selling overpriced brand new albums you could get at Urban Outfitters and incense. Apple is ok. i use it sometimes. But it really annoyed me when i used it to drive to "Walmart" only to find out it was really a "Sam's Club", a business owned by Walmart but clearly messed up on Apple's maps. Somehow I'm guessing they got the information messed up. Unfortunately the nearest Walmart was like a 25 minute drive away. And i hate Walmart. I didn't want to have to go in the first place. Interestingly, i noticed Yelp had the exact same error along with several other errors Apple's maps had. I theorized that wherever they got their data from it was the same place. 0 1 week ago Reply sangs Verizon Navigator FTW! :D Yes, I'm joking. Why on earth VZN still comes preinstalled on some phones, and is offered for download on others, boggles my mind. Who the **** is gonna pay for that when Google and Apple offer Maps for free? Anyway, I prefer GM to AM, mainly because it tells me what lane to be in, and that's a big one in the NJ/NYC area. Also prefer the look. 0 6 days ago Reply birdman325 I routinely switch between Google and Waze. At least here in Toronto, I find Waze far and away does the best job in routing you around traffic and congested areas. The feature I like best about Google Maps is that as you are driving on a particular route, superimposed on the Map are various "similar ETA" routes, so for example, instead of driving straight up a particular street which may be the "main route", Google Maps will show me "similar ETA" if I turn left. I have tried Apple Maps and while I find it to be generally accurate, I have less confidence in its real time traffic updating. Anyone have any thoughts or experiences with Apple Maps and traffic (in Toronto)? 0 6 days ago Reply SweSubaru Here in Sweden Apple Maps is so far behind Google Maps.For info and POI i use Google Maps.For navigation i use Waze. 0 6 days ago Reply Nick Seamore Still no bicycle choice! For a green company a shame!!! 0 6 days ago Reply Menu Log in or Sign up Search Apple Apps & Games Accessories & Toys Photo & Video Health & Fitness Movies & Music Transport Security Rumors Analysis How To The Best Reviews Deals Newsletter Forums Podcasts Android Central WindowsCentral iMore CrackBerry Connectedly TeslaCentral VRHeads MrMobile Modern Dad About Contact Us Jobs Privacy & Terms Mobile Nations 500M Consumers Reached Yearly Copyright 2017 Mobile Nations Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Careers: Writer | Dev Licensing External Links Disclosure Advertising Partner
International Business Times, India Edition International Business Times, India Edition India World Business Technology Sports Entertainment Auto Science & Health Photos Video Search Search Home Technology Computers Google's AlphaGo AI is retiring soon and here's why DeepMind's AlphaGo AI is retiring after taking down the world's elite Go players at the 'Future of Go Summit' in China. Vinod Yalburgi   May 28, 2017 12:08 IST Google owned DeepMind's AlphaGo AI retires after beating the world's best Go players Google-acquired DeepMind's AlphaGo AI has been relishing the spotlight with its unparalleled success in tackling the world's elite Go players in the extremely demanding strategy game ever made. The world number one Go player Ke Jie recently lost to the AI champion by 3-0 at 'Future of Go Summit' competition whose grand finale was set for May 27. Google had acquired the London-based DeepMind for around $500 million in 2014. Three years down the line, AlphaGo has reached the pinnacle of success after beating the world's best players in the toughest Go competition to date. With the recent culmination of the final match event at the Go Summit in Wuzhen (China), Google has decidedly pulled the curtains down on AlphaGo's further participation in the Go challenges. Having defeated the world's elite Go players, AlphaGo has cast its last competitive milestone, DeepMind CEO Dennis Hassabis explained in a recent Google Blog post. Here are a few excerpts from the post: This week's series of thrilling games with the world's best players, in the country where Go originated, has been the highest possible pinnacle for AlphaGo as a competitive program. For that reason, the Future of Go Summit is our final match event with AlphaGo.The research team behind AlphaGo will now throw their energy into the next set of grand challenges, developing advanced general algorithms that could one day help scientists as they tackle some of our most complex problems, such as finding new cures for diseases, dramatically reducing energy consumption, or inventing revolutionary new materials. Being revered as the planet's extremely demanding strategy game ever, Go has certainly paved the way for AI-assisted learning techniques driven by AlphaGo's unpredictably unorthodox approach. Ke Jie, the strongest human player in the game, has admittedly been learning from AlphaGo's wily quick-second moves to strengthen his own arsenal. AlphaGo has simply served as the stepping stone for success in the field of AI research and development as DeepMind has more ambitious plans lined up for the near future. It is reported that the British company could employ AlphaGo in practical applications for everyday use. Consequently, the company has bid for a data-sharing deal with the UK's National Health Service while the move has been criticised for its privacy issues as identifiable health data of over 1.6 million NHS patients will be at stake. Now the deal has come under the scanner of UK's data protection watchdog, the ICO. "If AI systems prove they are able to unearth significant new knowledge and strategies in these domains too, the breakthroughs could be truly remarkable. We can't wait to see what comes next," said the DeepMind CEO. If DeepMind gets its plans right, we might see the advent of a new AI-driven era with AlphaGo's innovative and unpredictably unorthodox approach to gaming. The company is expected to publish a final review paper depicting the AI's evolution from its initial matches with Lee Sedol to the final home run at the Go Summit. Related Google's AlphaGo AI beats world number one Go player Ke Jie Apple developing dedicated AI processor chip codenamed 'Apple Neural Engine' Moto G5 Plus Midnight Blue variant leaks with 5.2in full HD display, Snapdragon 625 SoC and more Quick Links Google China Post Comment IBT TV Close Macron-Trump handshake under scrutiny as pair meet for first time Why advertise with us? Latest News Samsung, Disney launch special 'Pirates of the Caribbean' Galaxy S8 edition in China 53 minutes ago By Rohit KVN Here's how to watch Apple WWDC 2017 live 9 hours ago By Rohit KVN Why advertise with us? most popular Moto X Play finally gets Android 7.1.1 Nougat update Motorola has announced the roll out of Android 7.1.1 Nougat update to its Moto X Play but there is no word on Moto G Play. Do you want to earn $200,000? Find bug in Google's Android OS Google has announced a bounty of $200,000 for researchers and engineers who find a bug in Google's Android OS. Apple iPhone 8 is still months away, but Samsung and LG are already scared of it Launches of new Galaxy S8 and LG G6 variants suggest that Apple's Korean rivals are already scared of the upcoming iPhone 8, which is still months away. Foxconn insider leaks design details of Apple iPhone 8, Siri speaker, AR glasses and redesigned iMacs Foxconn insider has shared some interesting tidbits about forthcoming Apple products via dedicated Apple thread on Reddit. Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 gets Android 7.1.2 Nougat via Lineage OS 14.1 ROM [How to Install] Guide to install Android 7.1.2 update on Redmi Note 3 via LineageOS 14.1 ROM. Fireball malware affects more than quarter of billion global PCs; India worst affected Fireball manipulates the victims' browsers and turns their default search engines and home-pages into fake search engines and spy and even add more malware into PCs. Should you buy OnePlus 3T or wait for OnePlus 5 launch? OnePlus is expected to launch its flagship OnePlus 5 in the next few weeks and it is going to take on its predecessor OnePlus 3T. Samsung, Disney launch special 'Pirates of the Caribbean' Galaxy S8 edition in China Samsung and Disney have jointly launched the limited edition 'Pirates of the Caribbean' Galaxy S8 with movie-inspired package in China. Photo Gallery Priyanka Chopra's day out with Nicole Kidman, Kendall Jenner Priyanka Chopra, who has made her Hollywood debut with "Baywatch", was glad to spend a "perfect afternoon" in company of actress Nicole Kidman and supermodel Kendall Jenner. Rana Daggubati's first look from Nene Raju Nene Mantri movie The makers of the film have roped in big star cast for the film to ensure a grand appeal, Rana Daggubati, Kajal Aggarwal, Catherine Tresa, Navadeep and Ashutosh Rana play big stellar roles in the film. Directed by Teja, “Nene Raju Nene Mantri” is produced by Suresh Daggubati, CH Bharath Chowdhary and V Kiran Reddy under Suresh Productions and Blue Planet Entertainments. India US World Business Technology Sports Entertainment Auto Photos Video About us Advertise with us Brand Terms of service Privacy & Cookie Policy Permission Syndication Careers Site Navigation Contact Editions: Australia China India Italy Japan Singapore U.K. U.S. © Copyright 2017 International Business Times, India Edition All Rights Reserved. Facebook Twitter Google Plus Pinterest RSS
Real Estate JOBS 転職 STUDY IN JAPAN Japan Showcase Sign Up | Login ≫ Twitter Facebook Newsletter RSS 22 P/SUNNY TOKYO (2 p.m.) Markets 110.61 ¥/$ (2 p.m.) News 購読の申し込み SUBSCRIBE Sign Up | Login ≫ Email Updates Today's Stories MENU City Guide Search News Opinion Life Community Culture Sports City Guide Search Search National Asia Pacific Business World Reference Columns Multimedia News National World Business Asia Pacific Reference Columns Multimedia Opinion Editorials Commentary Reader Mail Cartoons Life Travel Digital Food & Drink Environment Style & Design Language Lifestyle People Columns Multimedia Community Voices Issues Our Lives Event Listings How-tos Columns Culture Film Music Art Stage Events Festivals Books TV Columns Multimedia Sports Baseball Soccer Basketball Sumo Rugby Figure Skating Tennis More Sports Columns Multimedia Support About us Faqs Sorry, but your browser needs Javascript to use this site. If you're not sure how to activate it, please refer to this site: http://www.enable-javascript.com/ Google is keeping an eye on what you are buying offline in addition to monitoring your online shopping in its latest attempt to sell more digital advertising. | AP Business / Tech Google linking online and offline worlds in new ad challenge AFP-JIJI May 28, 2017 Article history Online: May 28, 2017 Last Modified: May 28, 2017 PRINT SHARE SAN FRANCISCO – Google is testing a way to tie online ads to brick-and-mortar store purchases, a move that is whetting appetites of marketers but fueling worries over privacy. A product called Google Attribution was unveiled at a marketing conference this month in San Francisco by the internet giant. Google has long been able to determine when users click on an ads and make a purchase, but linking online and offline habits takes its analytics a step further. Google Senior Vice President Sridhar Ramaswamy, who announced that Attribution is in test mode with a limited number of partners and will be rolled out to more advertisers in coming weeks, touted the tool as being able to answer the long-challenging question of whether marketing campaigns are working. “Google Attribution makes it possible for every marketer to measure the impact of their marketing across devices and across channels,” Ramaswamy said. “Data-driven attribution uses machine learning to determine how much credit to assign to each step in the consumer journey — from the first time they engage with your brand for early research down to the final click before purchase.” Real-world customer email addresses or loyalty plan information can be woven with Google data from services such as AdWords, Google Analytics and DoubleClick Search to provide “a complete view” of marketing performance, according to the company. Using artificial intelligence, or machine learning, to better analyze and understand consumer behavior to target ads and promote sales was a major theme of the conference. For several years now, AdWords has enabled advertisers to measure visits to real-world stores stemming from online campaigns, Ramaswamy noted. “Still, measuring store visits is just one part of the equation,” Ramaswamy said. “You also need insights into how your online ads drive sales for your business.” Real-world transactions matched back to Google ads are handed in “a secure and privacy-safe way,” with store sales information reported in aggregated and anonymized forms to protect individual privacy, according to the company. Tying online activity to offline shopping decisions has been a holy grail for advertisers for quite some time, and comes with worrisome privacy implications, according to ACLU senior policy analyst Jay Stanley. Attribution threatens to intrude on a core tenet of privacy, that people can have dealings with one party not spill over into affairs with other parties they interact with, Stanley contended. “This is an evolution, not a revolution; another step toward increased monitoring of individuals,” Stanley said. “Each step raises the question ‘Where does this all stop?’ “ Stanley expected Google to be on its best behavior when it came to handling the growing trove of information about users, but that even the best of intentions could crack under the “enormous hydraulic pressure of the profit motive.” “We have the full fury and genius of the capitalist system being driven toward monitoring people in ever increasing detail and companies are competing to do so,” Stanley said. “It will not stop without some sort of rules in which we as a society express our values through legal protections.” Google and Facebook dominate the online ad world, and what one does to prove its worth to advertisers is likely to be copied by the other, according to Silicon Valley analyst Rob Enderle of Enderle Group. Attribution promised to give Google a way to assure advertisers they are getting their money’s worth at the firm’s online venues. “The big problem is that showing conversion from ad consumption to purchase has been horrible,” Enderle said of online marketing. “This has been a problem for a long time. Google is trying to make a metric so they get credit for it when you do purchase after viewing an ad.” Data showing which ads are translating into real sales should mean that the relevance of ads people see online will improve as marketers abandon wrongly aimed or ineffectively tailored messages, the analyst reasoned. “You are going to be hit with ads for things that you might actually want to buy, so you are going to spend a lot more money,” Enderle predicted. Worries about privacy sparked by linking offline and online activities are a decade or so late, because the time to protest was when collection began of the troves of data about people, the analyst argued. “There really is no downside to this application,” Enderle said while discussing Google’s marketing metrics move. “This is the good side of collecting data; it is what else is being done with the data that should be unnerving and that we really don’t know.” Photos Click to enlarge Keywords Internet, Google, privacy Tech Blockchain, technology behind Bitcoin, emerges as key tool in food safety battle Takeoff and cruise: Toyota-backed startup tests ‘flying car’ prototype At the Tokyo Toy Show, a blend of old and new targets fans of all ages Samsung Galaxy S8 to go on sale in Japan next month: Yonhap Mail the editor Error Report Republishing Commenting Policy The Japan Times ST The Japan Times on Sunday What's Trending Now Democrats raise new questions over Sessions as Senate awaits Comey testimony Dhaveevatthana prison: hell on Earth in Thailand Trump’s cellphone use worries security experts Two Japanese tourists believed shot dead, chopped up in Philippines, police say Donald Trump makes a historic mistake Apple Pay used in fraudulent ¥4.45 million cigarette-buying spree in Saitama Is Japan slipping into prewar politics? The not-so-shady world of Japan’s singles bars Blogs Japan Pulse Yen for Living BACK TO TOP The Japan Times on Sunday The Japan Times ST Jobs Study in Japan JT for Women JT Bookclub Japanese School Directory Email Updates | Home Delivery RSS Twitter Facebook Newsletter News National World Business Asia Pacific Reference Columns Multimedia Opinion Editorials Commentary Reader Mail Cartoons Life Travel Digital Food & Drink Environment Style & Design Language Lifestyle People Columns Multimedia Community Voices Issues Our Lives Event Listings How-tos Columns Culture Film Music Art Stage Events Festivals Books TV Columns Multimedia Sports Baseball Soccer Basketball Sumo Rugby Figure Skating Tennis More Sports Columns Multimedia About us Contact us Privacy Policy Link Policy Reprints FAQs Support Press Sitemap Advertise The Japan Times LTD. All rights reserved.
  Go Home Nigeria National Metro World Africa Asia Europe US Politics Sport Football Boxing Athletics Tennis Golf Opinion Editorial Contributors Columnists Cartoons Business Appointments Business News Business RoundUp Industry Aviation Capital Market Communications Energy DrillBytes Maritime SweetCrude Infrastructure Money Technology Gadgets Telecoms Social Media Technology Arts Arts Art House Artfolk Revue Film Literature Music Theatre Visual Arts Guardian Life Guardian TV Home Nigeria National Metro World Africa Asia Europe US Politics Sport Football Boxing Athletics Tennis Golf Opinion Editorial Contributors Columnists Cartoons Business Appointments Business News Business RoundUp Industry Aviation Capital Market Communications Energy DrillBytes Maritime SweetCrude Infrastructure Money Technology Gadgets Telecoms Social Media Technology Arts Arts Art House Artfolk Revue Film Literature Music Theatre Visual Arts Features BusinessAgro Education Executive Motoring Executive Briefs Focus Friday Worship Law Media Science Youth Speak Property Environment Mortgage Finance Real Estate Urban Development Guardian Woman Entrepreneurship GW Fiction Personality Issues WIMBIZ Saturday Magazine Youth Magazine Just Human Life & Style Love & Life Transition Travel & Tourism Celebrity Brand Intelligence Gardening Weekend Beats Sunday Magazine Ibru Ecumenical Centre Campus CityFile News Feature Living Healthy Diet Living Wellbeing Newspeople Technology  |  Technology   Google linking online and offline worlds in new ad challenge By AFP   |   28 May 2017   |   5:17 am Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google+ Share on LinkedIn Share via Email Google is testing a way to tie online ads to brick-and-mortar store purchases, a move whetting marketing appetites while fueling privacy worries. A product called “Google Attribution” was unveiled at a marketing conference this month in San Francisco by the internet giant. Google has long been able to determine when users click on an ads and make a purchase, but linking online and offline habits takes its analytics a step further. Google senior vice president Sridhar Ramaswamy, who announced that Attribution is in test mode with a limited number of partners and will be rolled out to more advertisers in coming weeks, touted the tool as being able to answer the long-challenging question of whether marketing campaigns are working. “Google Attribution makes it possible for every marketer to measure the impact of their marketing across devices and across channels,” Ramaswamy said. “Data-driven attribution uses machine learning to determine how much credit to assign to each step in the consumer journey — from the first time they engage with your brand for early research down to the final click before purchase.” Real-world customer email addresses or loyalty plan information can be woven with Google data from services such as AdWords, Google Analytics and DoubleClick Search to provide “a complete view” of marketing performance, according to the company. Using artificial intelligence, or machine learning, to better analyze and understand consumer behavior to target ads and promote sales was a major theme of the conference. – Ad ‘holy grail’ – For several years now, AdWords has enabled advertisers to measure visits to real-world stores stemming from online campaigns, Ramaswamy noted. “Still, measuring store visits is just one part of the equation,” Ramaswamy said. “You also need insights into how your online ads drive sales for your business.” Real-world transactions matched back to Google ads are handed in “a secure and privacy-safe way,” with store sales information reported in aggregated and anonymized forms to protect individual privacy, according to the company. Tying online activity to offline shopping decisions has been a “holy grail” for advertisers for quite some time, and comes with worrisome privacy implications, according to ACLU senior policy analyst Jay Stanley. Attribution threatens to intrude on a core tenant of privacy, that people can have dealings with one party not spill over into affairs with other parties they interact with, Stanley contended. “This is an evolution, not a revolution; another step toward increased monitoring of individuals,” Stanley said. “Each step raises the question ‘Where does this all stop?'” Stanley expected Google to be on its best behavior when it came to handling the growing trove of information about users, but that even the best of intentions could crack under the “enormous hydraulic pressure of the profit motive.” “We have the full fury and genius of the capitalist system being driven toward monitoring people in ever increasing detail and companies are competing to do so,” Stanley said “It will not stop without some sort of rules in which we as a society express our values through legal protections.” – More tempting ads? – Google and Facebook dominate the online ad world, and what one does to prove its worth to advertisers is likely to be copied by the other, according to Silicon Valley analyst Rob Enderle of Enderle Group. Attribution promised to give Google a way to assure advertisers they are getting their money’s worth at the firm’s online venues. “The big problem is that showing conversion from ad consumption to purchase has been horrible,” Enderle said of online marketing. “This has been a problem for a long time. Google is trying to make a metric so they get credit for it when you do purchase after viewing an ad.” Data showing which ads are translating into real sales should mean that the relevance of ads people see online will improve as marketers abandon mis-aimed or ineffectively tailored messages, the analyst reasoned. “You are going to be hit with ads for things that you might actually want to buy, so you are going to spend a lot more money,” Enderle predicted. Worries about privacy sparked by linking offline and online activities are a decade or so late, because the time to protest was when collection began of the troves of data about people, the analyst argued. “There really is no downside to this application,” Enderle said while discussing Google’s marketing metrics move. “This is the good side of collecting data; it is what else is being done with the data that should be unnerving and that we really don’t know.” Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google+ Share on LinkedIn Share via Email In this article: GoogleSridhar Ramaswamy You may also like Engineers train students on robotic device 3 hours ago  Technology SpaceX blasts off cargo using recycled spaceship 1 day ago  Technology Bahrain minister hacked hot on heels of Qatar cyber attack 2 days ago  Technology Toyota ends electric-car ties with Tesla 2 days ago  Technology 'Tallinn Manual 2.0' - the rulebook for cyberwar 2 days ago  Technology Nigeria loses 21 telecoms operators in 10 years 2 days ago  Telecoms More   Latest ‘Nature’s gifts are often hard to value in monetary terms’ 22 mins ago  Property New bill won’t lead to fuel price increase, says Saraki 27 mins ago  Nigeria Chevron Nigeria Limited’s committed to connecting people to nature 40 mins ago  Property Stakeholders harp on survival of Nigeria’s leather industry 42 mins ago  Business News Heritage raises support for Triton Group’s Oyo State project 43 mins ago  Money More   Communication NIRA board reinstates Domainking.ng to registrars' fold 3 days ago   Tizeti unveils unlimited internet service reseller programme 3 days ago   Rack centre readies for increased data hosting demand 3 days ago   Medallion eyes four cities expansion, NSE 26 May   Zinox Commends FG for Executive Order on Local Content 26 May   Top Home Nigeria National Metro World Africa Asia Europe US Politics Sport Football Boxing Athletics Tennis Golf Opinion Editorial Contributors Columnists Cartoons Business Appointments Business News Business RoundUp Industry Aviation Capital Market Communications Energy DrillBytes Maritime SweetCrude Infrastructure Money Technology Gadgets Telecoms Social Media Technology Arts Arts Art House Artfolk Revue Film Literature Music Theatre Visual Arts Features BusinessAgro Education Executive Motoring Executive Briefs Focus Friday Worship Law Media Science Youth Speak Property Environment Mortgage Finance Real Estate Urban Development Guardian Woman Entrepreneurship GW Fiction Personality Issues WIMBIZ Saturday Magazine Youth Magazine Just Human Life & Style Love & Life Transition Travel & Tourism Celebrity Brand Intelligence Gardening Weekend Beats Sunday Magazine Ibru Ecumenical Centre Campus CityFile News Feature Living Healthy Diet Living Wellbeing Newspeople Guardian TV News National Africa World Business Opinion Talks From the Street Fashion Sport Entertainment Entertainment News Music Comedy Science & Tech GTV Exclusive Home About Us Advertise With Us Terms |     Powered by Ventra Copyright © 2017 Guardian Newspapers. All Rights Reserved.
Skip to content The Nokia Blog Mobile Phone News Menu and widgets Orient Pearl Pacific Pearl Bali Yachting Pacific Sailing Search for: Recent Posts BlackBerry KEYone sets new record for pre-orders of a BlackBerry device at Rogers Software update is pushed out to the T-Mobile LG V20 Unannounced Samsung Galaxy J7 (2017) and Galaxy J5 (2017) star in hands-on videos Bloomberg: Apple is prepping a dedicated AI processor Final ruling from arbitration panel awards BlackBerry $940 million from Qualcomm Four free months of Google Play Music now offered for new subscribers Google usually offers three free months of Google Play Music for new subscribers, after which they have to pay $9.99 per month if they want to continue to use the music streaming service. However, it looks like the Mountain View company wants to enlarge its pool of subscribers by running a promotion on its music service. For a limited time, Google offers new customers four free months of Google Play Music instead of just three. Nothing else changed regarding the service’s price, so you’ll still have to pay $9.99 after the four-month trial that Google is now … Posted on May 26, 2017Author wiredgorilla Post navigation Previous Previous post: Android os co-founder’s new phone unveil teased for Tuesday [Update] Next Next post: Final ruling from arbitration panel awards BlackBerry $940 million from Qualcomm Web Hosting by Fastdot
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us ... Google for Jobs going live for some people Corbin Davenport Follow View All Posts 2017/05/27 4:31pm PDTMay 27, 2017 19 Plus 1 on G+ 74 Share on Facebook 81 Share on Twitter Total Shares174 Google News Back at Google I/O, a new initiative was announced called 'Google for Jobs.' As you might be able to guess from the name, it is designed to make finding job openings easier and more effective - for both applicants and employers. The feature appears to be going live on Google Search, at least for some users. Currently, searching something like "barista jobs" just returns a list of results from job listing sites. With Google for Jobs, you get a much cleaner interface with more details, plus modifiers like 'Full-time' and 'Starbucks.'    Left: Current layout; Center, Right: New layout This doesn't seem to be live yet for everyone, including myself, but let us know in the comments if you see it. Thanks: Jose Tags Google google for jobs jobs work subscribe ... Previous Story [Deal Alert] Get a 3-pack Arlo Pro security system for $450 ($130 off), if you have Amazon Prime ... Next Story [Deal Alert] Several movies and TV episodes on Google Play are on sale for Memorial Day Trending 78 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 88 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 Comments Paul_Werner Yeah this went live for me the same day they announced it. I'm still waiting on the new YouTube UI & the YouTube Go Live features though matteventu Are you from the US? Mattwmaster58 I'm from canada and it works for me Paul_Werner Yup Mattwmaster58 Youtube UI you gotta opt in @ https://www.youtube.com/new Izzie I didn't opt in and got the new interface yesterday? Mattwmaster58 I guess they are rolling this out :P Vratislav Jindra How about doing something about that ugly grey status bar, Google? I get it at the search results page which is also grey (a bit lighter), but not when there is a blue action bar right underneath it. Also the shadow under the status bar from KitKat era in the main screen of Google App seems weird. Sometimes I wonder what they pay their designers for, when they can't get this basic sh*t straight. Kristinatskaggs Google is paying 97$ per hour! Work for few hours & have longer with friends and family! !dq75c: On tuesday I got a great new Land Rover Range Rover from having earned $8752 this last four weeks.. Its the most-financialy rewarding I've had.. Follow this link for more information !dq75c: ➽➽ ➽➽;➽➽ http://GoogleFinancialCashJobs365DirectRockGetPaid$97/Hour... ★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫::::::!dq75c:....,........ Vratislav Jindra Oh for f*ck's sake, stop it. Powsniffer0110 Your problem is youre on KitKat buddy. Try upgrading Vratislav Jindra I'm on Nougat, buddy. Don't tell me that your Google App's main screen doesn't have this ridiculous status bar. https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/fa83a4890e2557e740128d564e6f804416ed73f61787acbc9deac5bd323268f3.png BehemothPL It's nice to see Chicago metro in the article :) Alejandro Steve? ddevito JOBS JOBS JOBS let's vote for JOBS! Yeeeeaaaaaaaaaaaa you've got karma! alwaysonthemove ITM Grunty I got coffee at that starbucks yesterday. Logan Snyder Weird, the old layout had squiggly looking black rectangles. instinct I listened to a Steve Jobs audio clip right before reading this headline, and it threw me off. makapav Vote up if you immediately went and searched for barista jobs after reading this post. Daniellejbergeron Google is paying 97$ per hour! Work for few hours & have longer with friends and family! !dw174c: On tuesday I got a great new Land Rover Range Rover from having earned $8752 this last four weeks.. Its the most-financialy rewarding I've had.. Follow this link for more information !dw174c: ➽➽ ➽➽;➽➽ http://GoogleFinancialCashJobs464MarketFlightGetPaid$97/Hour... ★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫::::::!dw174c:....,...... Evan Hart I get the job done from ease and comfort of my home, through doing easy jobs that only usually takes from you a Desk top together with on-line connection and Now I am more satisfied than ever before... After half a year on this work and therefore i obtained paid for totally Thirty six Thousand usd... Basically I generate close to 80 bucks/hr and work for 3 to 4 hrs day-after-day.And marvelous factor concerning this task is usually that you can easily supervise your time when you do the job and for how much time as you wish for and you achieve a check week by week.----->>>> learn by clicking here how to do it right now Christopher Phillips I do the job from comfort and ease of my property or home, via easy projects that only takes from you a Desktop and connection to the internet and I am just more successful than ever before... After half a year in this project and i obtained compensated for overall Thirty six Thousand bucks... Basically I generate near 80 bucks/hour and also work for three to four hours time on a regular basis.And spectacular factor regarding this work is the fact you can arrange your time while you get the job done and for just how long as you prefer and you attain a check week by week.>>>> learn by clicking here how to do it right now Rob The problem is finding actual jobs associated with postings in any platform. A lot of the time, these aren't serious openings. Follow Android Police 1.49M 472k 145k 119k Latest Deals 9 [Deal Alert] Chromecast Ultra is $59.99 ($10 off) at Google Store, Best Buy, B&H and others 2017/06/04 12:16pm PDTJun 4, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] Google Home is $109 ($20 off) at Best Buy, Google Store, B&H, and others 2017/06/04 10:07am PDTJun 4, 2017 12 [Deal Alert] Kick off the weekend with 24 temporarily free and 52 on-sale apps 2017/06/03 6:50pm PDTJun 3, 2017 18 [Deal Alert] Get a Nextbit Robin for $129.99 on eBay 2017/06/03 9:39am PDTJun 3, 2017 33 [Deal Alert] A Stork's Journey is currently free on Google Play Movies & TV 2017/06/01 10:50pm PDTJun 1, 2017 Latest Poll How many photos are on your Google Photos account? Under 100 100-999 1,000-2,499 2,500-4,999 5,000-9,999 10,000-19,999 20,000-39,999 More than 40,000. View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 67 Asus ZenFone 3 Zoom review: A promising phone that falls victim to bad software and cut corners 2017/05/31 2:21pm PDTMay 31, 2017 113 AOSPA (Paranoid Android) review: back from the dead, and we're thrilled 2017/05/31 9:47am PDTMay 31, 2017 29 Tag Heuer Connected Modular 45 review: It seems like $1,500 should get you more 2017/05/29 9:57am PDTMay 29, 2017 74 [Update, G+ Post] Francisco Franco makes his productivity timer 5217 free to try 2017/05/16 10:01am PDTMay 16, 2017 290 HTC U11 hands-on: HTC gets a little closer to the mark 2017/05/16 12:02am PDTMay 16, 2017 Latest Roundups 13 29 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/24/17 - 5/31/17) 2017/05/31 10:20am PDTMay 31, 2017 8 10 new and notable Android apps from the last week (5/23/17 - 5/29/17) 2017/05/29 12:49pm PDTMay 29, 2017 13 31 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/17/17 - 5/23/17) 2017/05/23 3:06pm PDTMay 23, 2017 16 12 new and notable Android apps and live wallpapers from the last week (5/16/17 - 5/22/17) 2017/05/22 12:48pm PDTMay 22, 2017 16 29 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/10/17 - 5/16/17) 2017/05/16 4:22pm PDTMay 16, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 18 Boost for Reddit removed from Play Store for alleged promotion of drugs, still not back after a week 2017/06/04 4:25pm PDTJun 4, 2017 112 Weekend poll: How many photos are synced to your Google Photos account? 2017/06/04 3:44pm PDTJun 4, 2017 28 Tasker beta v5 brings a fresh Material Design look and a huge list of other changes 2017/06/03 7:27pm PDTJun 3, 2017 12 [Deal Alert] Kick off the weekend with 24 temporarily free and 52 on-sale apps 2017/06/03 6:50pm PDTJun 3, 2017 76 Samsung uploads its Device Maintenance tool to the Play Store 2017/06/03 6:01pm PDTJun 3, 2017 Blast from the Past 60 1 Year Ago Today More Motorola Leaks: 'Style Mod' Replaceable Covers For The Moto X/Z And DROID Come In A Variety Of Materials 2016/06/04 12:27pm PDTJun 4, 2016 40 2 Years Ago Today Chrome Beta v44 Comes With Improvements To 'Native App' And 'Add To Homescreen' Banners, New Push API Features, And More [APK Download] 2015/06/04 5:14pm PDTJun 4, 2015 129 3 Years Ago Today YouTube v5.7 For Android Finally Lets You Select Exact Streaming Quality, As Long As It's 720p Or Lower [APK Download] 2014/06/04 6:16pm PDTJun 4, 2014 3 4 Years Ago Today Google Posts Glass XE6 Factory Image For Your Flashing Pleasure 2013/06/04 8:31pm PDTJun 4, 2013 16 5 Years Ago Today [Update: Pre-Orders Are Live] Sprint Announces The Galaxy S III Available June 21, Pre-Orders Start June 5 - $199 For 16GB, $249 For 32GB 2012/06/04 10:55pm PDTJun 4, 2012 327 6 Years Ago Today [Book Giveaway #2] Looking To Get Into Android Development? We're Giving Away "Hello, Android" To A Lucky Reader 2011/06/04 7:16pm PDTJun 4, 2011 2 7 Years Ago Today HTC EVO 4G OTA Update Comes Out In Time For Launch, Fixes SD Card Problems, Patches Security Issues, But Disables Root - Available Via WiFi As Well 2010/06/04 6:44pm PDTJun 4, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 112 Weekend poll: How many photos are synced to your Google Photos account? 2017/06/04 3:44pm PDTJun 4, 2017 35 It's not just you—there's a widespread Google Home outage 2017/06/04 12:04pm PDTJun 4, 2017 61 Samsung opens up its browser to some non-Samsung devices on the Play Store 2017/06/04 10:30am PDTJun 4, 2017 29 Motorola rolling out Android 7.1.1 to the Moto Z Play 2017/06/04 8:45am PDTJun 4, 2017 18 Boost for Reddit removed from Play Store for alleged promotion of drugs, still not back after a week 2017/06/04 4:25pm PDTJun 4, 2017 Last 7 Days 28 Google Photos v2.16 prepares to upgrade the camera shortcut, suggest photos to archive, and more [APK Teardown + Download] 2017/05/31 11:36pm PDTMay 31, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] Here are 38 temporarily free and 72 on-sale apps, plus both 0.10 Apps of the Week 2017/05/31 2:08pm PDTMay 31, 2017 501 [Update: New details plus Andy Rubin interview] The Essential phone is official, with an edge-to-edge display and the world's smallest 360-degree camera accessory 2017/05/30 7:48am PDTMay 30, 2017 76 Samsung uploads its Device Maintenance tool to the Play Store 2017/06/03 6:01pm PDTJun 3, 2017 24 Plex Live TV is now available for all Plex Pass subscribers, tuner required 2017/06/01 6:00am PDTJun 1, 2017 Last 30 Days 78 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 88 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 28 Google Photos v2.16 prepares to upgrade the camera shortcut, suggest photos to archive, and more [APK Teardown + Download] 2017/05/31 11:36pm PDTMay 31, 2017 94 The Play Store adopts new app and notification icons with v7.8.16 [APK Download] 2017/05/10 6:25pm PDTMay 10, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Advertise | Contact 122 queries | 0.680s | hive Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us ... [Deal Alert] Several movies and TV episodes on Google Play are on sale for Memorial Day Ryne Hager Follow View All Posts 2017/05/27 6:37pm PDTMay 27, 2017 56 Plus 1 on G+ 132 Share on Facebook 48 Share on Twitter Total Shares236 Deals Google News If your Memorial Day weekend plans are being ruined by poor weather, Google has an offer for you. It recently tossed up a little holiday sale on movies and TV shows over on Google Play, including some deals that are over 50% off their regular prices. So if you can't go camping or throw that family barbecue because of rain, at least you and your loved ones can snuggle up inside while you binge watch The Wire. It'll be good for little Johnny's character. Among the better movie collections being offered are The Lord of the Rings Trilogy for $20, the Back to the Future Trilogy for $15, and "The Best of Tarantino" six-movie collection for $30. The latter includes one of my favorite cheesy horror movies, From Dusk Till Dawn. The TV selection has a lot of solid HBO shows — if you don't happen to have HBO Go — as well as the complete X-Files for $50, American Horror Story seasons 1-5 for $60 and the amazing Kung Fu series in its entirety for $30. For more family-oriented deals there are a ton of shows from Nickelodeon, as well as a small number of animated children's film collections. You know what? The outdoors are over-rated. Who would want to spend a weekend outside with their loving family when they could spend days forcing their children to appreciate their favorite childhood movies. Let's face it, in the long run, your kids will thank you. Source: Google Play (1, 2) Tags deal alert google play memorial day movies sale tv subscribe ... Previous Story Google for Jobs going live for some people ... Next Story [Deal Alert] $1 Google Play movie rental (ends July 7th) Trending 78 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 88 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 Comments me me still seem expensive for what they are... Devin Rodriguez ✓ʳᵃᵈ It's true. All movies should be free for everyone. No company should want to make money. me me didnt say should be free. Just said expensive for what they are. Older films.... and things I've already seen or don't want to see. Eric Braun Then don't buy, problem solved. me me Correct. So they get no money which is less than if they charged less for them to intersect the value. Patrick Smithopolis And all phones should be dirt cheap so the manufacturers don't make any money and their companies go under. Devin Rodriguez ✓ʳᵃᵈ And also high end. I want the newest Qualcomm Snapdragon, Gorilla Glass 5, a 4k 5.5" screen, 3000 mAh battery, IP97 waterproofing, and all for $100. That shouldn't be that hard, right? splus I bet this is your favorite movie - http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1679335/ (Trolls) Devin Rodriguez ✓ʳᵃᵈ That movie is amazing. Trust me, I know movies. I know the best movies, terrific movies. I have the best movies, but there is no better movie than Trolls. xyz My fav movie is You're a Cunt. ethd Ooooo, got 'im! Devin Rodriguez ✓ʳᵃᵈ My god, I've seen the light. You have quite thoroughly dashed my hopes and dreams. Matt Because X-Files and Back the Future are the latest and greatest movies and TV shows, right? Devin Rodriguez ✓ʳᵃᵈ Exactly. Greatest movies and shows of all time. Nothing can compare. Truly works of art. xyz Go fuck yourself. Or better, let a Hollywood producer do it....for a fee of course. Devin Rodriguez ✓ʳᵃᵈ Brutal. Savage. Rekt. -Matoro Zeliph- Yeah, these (old) digital movies are pretty expensive than the physical bundle dvds you find at Walmart. You would think that digital (old) movies would be cheaper than the physical disc! Daniellejbergeron Google is paying 97$ per hour! Work for few hours & have longer with friends and family! !dw174c: On tuesday I got a great new Land Rover Range Rover from having earned $8752 this last four weeks.. Its the most-financialy rewarding I've had.. Follow this link for more information !dw174c: ➽➽ ➽➽;➽➽ http://GoogleFinancialCashJobs464MarketFlightGetPaid$97/Hour... ★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫::::::!dw174c:....,..... Christopher Phillips I work from comfort of my house, by doing hassle-free projects that solely demands from you a Laptop and on-line connection and Now I am more successful than before... After half a year on this job opportunity and i obtained cash in total 36,000 dollars... Basically I make up close to eighty bucks/h and also work for three to four hrs every single day.And marvelous point about this work is usually that you can also supervise time whenever you do the job and for just how long as you may prefer and you generate a check week by week.>>>> learn by clicking here how to do it right now -Matoro Zeliph- Shut up 4Ui812 That's because they are. As for the jackals that are knocking your comment ; they fail to grasp the concept. Kristinatskaggs Google is paying 97$ per hour! Work for few hours & have longer with friends and family! !dq75c: On tuesday I got a great new Land Rover Range Rover from having earned $8752 this last four weeks.. Its the most-financialy rewarding I've had.. Follow this link for more information !dq75c: ➽➽ ➽➽;➽➽ http://GoogleFinancialCashJobs365DirectRockGetPaid$97/Hour... ★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫::::::!dq75c:....,....... Travis Simerly I think you made John Galt mad. Travis Simerly It's definitely too expensive for a movie that doesn't even have 5.1 sound. I had 5.1 when I watched The Fellowship on a CRT TV. Will you have to buy another digital copy again to get better than stereo? You definitely will have to purchase again for a 4K digital copy. lm_a_dope Seems expensive to me. Alex Louderback My seams in my shirt aren't very expensive, you must buy fancy seams Juniors234 i see what you did there... lm_a_dope Hey I was typing on a phone and fixed it in less than 10s, stop being a ass. FelschR an ass* Stephen B Morris I wish Google would let me pay the difference to upgrade to the UHD version. I also wish they would create a UHD section. Tai Ch Play verry helpful Follow Android Police 1.49M 472k 145k 119k Latest Deals 9 [Deal Alert] Chromecast Ultra is $59.99 ($10 off) at Google Store, Best Buy, B&H and others 2017/06/04 12:16pm PDTJun 4, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] Google Home is $109 ($20 off) at Best Buy, Google Store, B&H, and others 2017/06/04 10:07am PDTJun 4, 2017 12 [Deal Alert] Kick off the weekend with 24 temporarily free and 52 on-sale apps 2017/06/03 6:50pm PDTJun 3, 2017 18 [Deal Alert] Get a Nextbit Robin for $129.99 on eBay 2017/06/03 9:39am PDTJun 3, 2017 33 [Deal Alert] A Stork's Journey is currently free on Google Play Movies & TV 2017/06/01 10:50pm PDTJun 1, 2017 Latest Poll How many photos are on your Google Photos account? Under 100 100-999 1,000-2,499 2,500-4,999 5,000-9,999 10,000-19,999 20,000-39,999 More than 40,000. View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 67 Asus ZenFone 3 Zoom review: A promising phone that falls victim to bad software and cut corners 2017/05/31 2:21pm PDTMay 31, 2017 113 AOSPA (Paranoid Android) review: back from the dead, and we're thrilled 2017/05/31 9:47am PDTMay 31, 2017 29 Tag Heuer Connected Modular 45 review: It seems like $1,500 should get you more 2017/05/29 9:57am PDTMay 29, 2017 74 [Update, G+ Post] Francisco Franco makes his productivity timer 5217 free to try 2017/05/16 10:01am PDTMay 16, 2017 290 HTC U11 hands-on: HTC gets a little closer to the mark 2017/05/16 12:02am PDTMay 16, 2017 Latest Roundups 13 29 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/24/17 - 5/31/17) 2017/05/31 10:20am PDTMay 31, 2017 8 10 new and notable Android apps from the last week (5/23/17 - 5/29/17) 2017/05/29 12:49pm PDTMay 29, 2017 13 31 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/17/17 - 5/23/17) 2017/05/23 3:06pm PDTMay 23, 2017 16 12 new and notable Android apps and live wallpapers from the last week (5/16/17 - 5/22/17) 2017/05/22 12:48pm PDTMay 22, 2017 16 29 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/10/17 - 5/16/17) 2017/05/16 4:22pm PDTMay 16, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 18 Boost for Reddit removed from Play Store for alleged promotion of drugs, still not back after a week 2017/06/04 4:25pm PDTJun 4, 2017 112 Weekend poll: How many photos are synced to your Google Photos account? 2017/06/04 3:44pm PDTJun 4, 2017 28 Tasker beta v5 brings a fresh Material Design look and a huge list of other changes 2017/06/03 7:27pm PDTJun 3, 2017 12 [Deal Alert] Kick off the weekend with 24 temporarily free and 52 on-sale apps 2017/06/03 6:50pm PDTJun 3, 2017 76 Samsung uploads its Device Maintenance tool to the Play Store 2017/06/03 6:01pm PDTJun 3, 2017 Blast from the Past 60 1 Year Ago Today More Motorola Leaks: 'Style Mod' Replaceable Covers For The Moto X/Z And DROID Come In A Variety Of Materials 2016/06/04 12:27pm PDTJun 4, 2016 40 2 Years Ago Today Chrome Beta v44 Comes With Improvements To 'Native App' And 'Add To Homescreen' Banners, New Push API Features, And More [APK Download] 2015/06/04 5:14pm PDTJun 4, 2015 129 3 Years Ago Today YouTube v5.7 For Android Finally Lets You Select Exact Streaming Quality, As Long As It's 720p Or Lower [APK Download] 2014/06/04 6:16pm PDTJun 4, 2014 3 4 Years Ago Today Google Posts Glass XE6 Factory Image For Your Flashing Pleasure 2013/06/04 8:31pm PDTJun 4, 2013 16 5 Years Ago Today [Update: Pre-Orders Are Live] Sprint Announces The Galaxy S III Available June 21, Pre-Orders Start June 5 - $199 For 16GB, $249 For 32GB 2012/06/04 10:55pm PDTJun 4, 2012 327 6 Years Ago Today [Book Giveaway #2] Looking To Get Into Android Development? We're Giving Away "Hello, Android" To A Lucky Reader 2011/06/04 7:16pm PDTJun 4, 2011 2 7 Years Ago Today HTC EVO 4G OTA Update Comes Out In Time For Launch, Fixes SD Card Problems, Patches Security Issues, But Disables Root - Available Via WiFi As Well 2010/06/04 6:44pm PDTJun 4, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 112 Weekend poll: How many photos are synced to your Google Photos account? 2017/06/04 3:44pm PDTJun 4, 2017 35 It's not just you—there's a widespread Google Home outage 2017/06/04 12:04pm PDTJun 4, 2017 61 Samsung opens up its browser to some non-Samsung devices on the Play Store 2017/06/04 10:30am PDTJun 4, 2017 29 Motorola rolling out Android 7.1.1 to the Moto Z Play 2017/06/04 8:45am PDTJun 4, 2017 18 Boost for Reddit removed from Play Store for alleged promotion of drugs, still not back after a week 2017/06/04 4:25pm PDTJun 4, 2017 Last 7 Days 28 Google Photos v2.16 prepares to upgrade the camera shortcut, suggest photos to archive, and more [APK Teardown + Download] 2017/05/31 11:36pm PDTMay 31, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] Here are 38 temporarily free and 72 on-sale apps, plus both 0.10 Apps of the Week 2017/05/31 2:08pm PDTMay 31, 2017 501 [Update: New details plus Andy Rubin interview] The Essential phone is official, with an edge-to-edge display and the world's smallest 360-degree camera accessory 2017/05/30 7:48am PDTMay 30, 2017 76 Samsung uploads its Device Maintenance tool to the Play Store 2017/06/03 6:01pm PDTJun 3, 2017 24 Plex Live TV is now available for all Plex Pass subscribers, tuner required 2017/06/01 6:00am PDTJun 1, 2017 Last 30 Days 78 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 88 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 28 Google Photos v2.16 prepares to upgrade the camera shortcut, suggest photos to archive, and more [APK Teardown + Download] 2017/05/31 11:36pm PDTMay 31, 2017 94 The Play Store adopts new app and notification icons with v7.8.16 [APK Download] 2017/05/10 6:25pm PDTMay 10, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Advertise | Contact 118 queries | 0.381s | nexus2 Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
× Please Subscribe to Continue Reading. Become a digital subscriber today and enjoy unlimited access to the Omaha World-Herald anytime, anywhere. If you are a 7-day print subscriber, unlimited digital access is included in your subscription and you simply need to set up an online account. If you need help, please contact our office at 1-844-311-9811 or email owhdigital@ggl.bhmginc.com. Please purchase a subscription to continue reading. Your current subscription does not provide access to this content. Sign Up Log In Digital only subscription Sign up now for a digital only subscription to omaha.com for just $9.95 a month.  As a digital only subscriber you have access to all of our digital products - Omaha.com, mobile, apps, and ePaper. $9.95 for 30 days Get Started Digital access for non 7 day print subscribers Upgrade your less than 7 day World-Herald print subscription now for access to all of our digital products - Omaha.com, mobile, apps, and ePaper for just $9.95 per month.   $9.95 for 30 days Get Started Digital access for 7 day print subscribers Full access to all of our digital products - Omaha.com, mobile, apps, and ePaper is available at no charge to 7 day print subscribers.  Free access for current print subscribers Get Started Interested in a print subscription that includes digital access? Click here × Let's Confirm You're In Our Delivery Area Sorry, this zipcode is not in our deliverable area for this subscription service. Re-enter zip code or sign up for digital access. Get digital access Please confirm you are in our delivery area Zip Code Cancel Confirm You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article 89° Welcome, Guest Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout News Omaha Metro Crime/Courts/Public safety Weather Nebraska Iowa Legislature Politics 2017 Omaha election Education Military Good News Dataomaha Record National World Special Sections Sports Big Red Today Bluejays Today Mavs Today Prep Zone NebHSRecruiting.com The Bottom Line Midlands Colleges Outdoors Lancers Storm Chasers National Golf College World Series Blogs Shatel Money Warren Buffett Inside Business Stocks Agriculture Entertainment Arts Dining Movies Music Nightlife TV Dining reviews Food Prowl: Omaha's best Living The Better Half Momaha Good News Health & Fitness Inspired Living Wedding Essentials Let's Celebrate NE Passport Adventures Omaha: We Don't Coast Special sections Health & Fitness Fitness Nutrition Sex & Relationships Health Inspiration Meet Me at the Gym Race photos Live Well Nebraska Magazine Live Well Challenge Race calendar Consumer Momaha Opinion Jeff Koterba cartoons World-Herald Editorials Public Pulse Syndicated columnists Midlands Voices Koterba Caption Contest ePaper Obits Celebrations Columnists Brad Dickson Erin Grace Matthew Hansen Michael Kelly Tom Shatel Good News Nation World Video Photos Calendar Weather Contests Special Sections Inspired Living Omaha Wedding Essentials Bellevue Leader Gretna Breeze Papillion Times Ralston Recorder In The Game World-Herald Archives Customer Service User Dashboard Subscribe Contact us Online bill payment Delivery concerns Subscriber Services Single copy locations Email newsletters World-Herald apps Become a carrier Goodfellows Newspaper in Education Help / FAQ Newsroom staff OWH Rewards Autos Classifieds Daily Deals FindIt Homes Jobs Search job listings Join the BH Media Team Inside Business Legal & Public Notices Weekly ads World-Herald Store Advertise with us OWH Rewards Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout 89° Few Clouds Omaha, NE (68102) Today Partly cloudy. Tonight Some clouds this evening will give way to mainly clear skies overnight. A stray shower or thunderstorm is possible. Low around 60F. Winds NNE at 5 to 10 mph. Updated: June 4, 2017 @ 7:52 pm Full Forecast Search Toggle navigation Menu Buy & Sell Autos Classifieds Daily Deals FindIt Homes Jobs Join the BH Media Team Legal notices Weekly ads World-Herald Store Advertise with us Customer service User dashboard Subscribe Contact us Online bill payment Delivery concerns Subscriber services Single copy locations Contests OWH Rewards Email newsletters World-Herald apps Become a carrier Goodfellows Newspaper in Education Help / FAQ Newsroom staff Subscribe Home ePaper Obits Google will track how people spend in bricks-and-mortar stores to sell more digital ads May 28, 2017 (…) SAN FRANCISCO (AP) — Google already monitors online shopping — and now it’s keeping an eye on physical stores to try to sell more digital advertising. The Internet company said earlier this week that a new tool will track how much money people spend in merchants’ bricks-and-mortar stores after clicking on their digital ads. The analysis will be done by matching the combined ad clicks of people who are logged into Google services with their collective purchases on credit and debit cards. Google says it won’t be able to examine the specific items purchased or how much a specific individual spent. But even aggregated data can sometimes be converted back to data that can identify individuals, said Larry Ponemon, chairman of the Ponemon Institute privacy research firm. Google says it has access to roughly 70 percent of U.S. credit and debit card sales through partnerships with other companies that track that data. By matching ad clicks with this data, Google says it can automatically inform merchants when their digital ads translate into sales at a bricks-and-mortar store. Previously, if people clicked on an ad without buying anything online, an advertiser might conclude that the ad was a waste of money. If the program works, it could help persuade merchants to boost their digital marketing budgets. The data add to the digital dossiers that Google has compiled on users of its search engine and other services, including Gmail, YouTube and Android. Sridhar Ramaswamy, Google’s senior vice president of ads and commerce, said the new tracking system was created in consultation with “incredibly smart people” to ensure it’s not invasive. He described the program as “secure and privacy safe.” But Ponemon said that even if Google has good intentions now, companies and governments in the future might not. The kinds of data that Google is collecting also could become an inviting target for hackers, said Miro Copic, a marketing professor at San Diego State University. “The privacy implications of this are pretty massive, so Google needs to tread very carefully,” Copic said. Google already runs the world’s biggest online ad network, one that raked in $79 billion in revenue last year. That puts it in the best position to capture any additional marketing dollars spent on computers and mobile devices. When it first described the tracking program to the Associated Press, Google provided an example of how it would be able to identify a specific purchase made in a physical store by a consumer who had clicked on a digital ad run by the merchant. But Google executives stressed that it won’t be able to peer that deeply into what people are buying. Google’s tool won’t work for cash payments or the 30 percent of U.S. card transactions that Google can’t currently access. And this works only for individuals who log in. Google gives its users the option to limit the company’s tracking and control what types of ads they are shown — although in practice, relatively few users tweak such settings. Tags Google Computer Science Economics Advertising Ad Commerce Merchant Data Company Larry Ponemon Miro Copic Store Featured Businesses State Farm Insurance Agent - Judd Knispel 1860 Madison Ave, Ste 2, Council Bluffs, IA 51503 712-325-0256 Heafey Hoffmann Dworak Cutler 12100 W Center Rd, Omaha, NE 68144 402-391-3900 Silver Ridge 20332 Hackberry Dr, Gretna, NE 68028 402-332-4280 Woodhouse Hyundai of Omaha 11540 West Dodge Rd, Omaha, NE 68154 402-592-1007 Vehicles Heartland Properties - Bruce Guill 535 W Bdwy, Ste 100, Council Bluffs, IA 51503 712-388-2249 Baxter Chrysler Dodge Jeep Ram La Vista 7010 S 124th Cir, La Vista, NE 68128 402-339-3131 In case you missed it Gordmans will face plenty of competition as it converts into an off-price retailer Millard's Lumberyard District sees dramatic transformation into space for offices, retail and apartments Omaha-based Gavilon still faces an oversupply of grain from record 2016 harvest Cabela's quietly sought sale before investor push; Jim Cabela tried to keep HQ in Sidney Future of shopping malls is more promising than you might think, industry executives say Warren Buffett and Berkshire Hathaway Annual charity auction to win lunch with Warren Buffett starts tonight — with a twist Warren Buffett's cigar butt lesson: seeing value that others miss Thousands attend tour of bright, colorful Buffett Cancer Center Tweets by @OWHmoney loading... Today's ePaper Omaha World-Herald Sunrise Edition Omaha World-Herald Subscriber services ePaper online Subscriber log in Demo ePaper TV Listings Print edition Subscribe for delivery Single copy locations Sections News Sports Money Living Entertainment Opinion ePaper Full site index Buy & sell Autos, Cars, New & Used Vehicles Classifieds Daily Deal Omaha FindIt Real Estate & Homes in Omaha Jobs Omaha, Employment Legal notices Weekly ads Services Contact us Subscribe Subscriber services News alerts + newsletters World-Herald apps Advertise with us Join the BH Media Team Omaha.com, Omaha, Neb. ©2017 BH Media Group, Inc. | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy
Navigation gHacks Technology News The independent technology news blog Home Header Menu Home Windows Software Firefox Chrome Google Android Email Deals Best of Support Us Return to Content Google Search gets Personal (option) By Martin Brinkmann on May 28, 2017 in Google - Last Update:May 28, 2017 2 Google launched a new Google Search feature recently that makes search even more personal than it already is with a new personal option. Google introduced the filter bubble years ago which delivers news to search users that the company believes users wants. What this means is that you are more likely to get results and information that you'd agree and interact with, than those that you don't. While that is good at times as it puts the focus on topics that you are likely more interested in, it is making it difficult to break out of the bubble to form an educated opinion about a particular subject. Google Personal Personal is a new option of Google Search that is not integrated directly in the algorithm that determines which search results are returned to users when they run searches on Google. It is a new option under the more link instead which you can load. Please note that personal is only an option there if you are signed in to a Google account, and that the new feature won't work yet for Google Apps customers. If you are not, you don't get that option. The reason for that is simple: It searches Gmail data, and maybe also other account related data, and returns results based on that. I could not get the feature to return anything though when I tried to use it. Even simple searches for Linux or known file attachments or subjects on Gmail did not return a result. Others reported that email messages and photos were returned to them when they ran searches under Personal. Closing Words Google's new Personal option on Google Search returns specific account data. It is unclear right now whether it is limited to Gmail and Google Photos, or if it pulls data from Google Drive and other Google services as well. If it is the first, it is nothing more than a basic copy of Gmail Search built right into Google Search with an added photos search component. I don't think that is particularly useful in this case. If you could get results from multiple Google services on the other hand, it could prove more useful to some users, especially those invested heavily in Google's ecosystem. Now You: What's your first impression of Google Search Personal? Summary Article Name Google Search gets Personal (option) Description Google launched a new Google Search feature recently that makes search even more personal than it already is with a new personal option. Author Martin Brinkmann Publisher Ghacks Technology News Logo Please share this article About Martin Brinkmann Martin Brinkmann is a journalist from Germany who founded Ghacks Technology News Back in 2005. He is passionate about all things tech and knows the Internet and computers like the back of his hand.You can follow Martin on Facebook, Twitter or Google+ View all posts by Martin Brinkmann → You are here: Home > Google > Google Search gets Personal (option) Mark watched YouTube videos in Firefox Firefox Screenshots integrated in Firefox Nightly Responses to Google Search gets Personal (option) Tom Hawack May 28, 2017 at 3:39 pm # Interesting opportunity to compare the meanings of "personal" and "private". No doubt that this new "personal" Google search is in total contradiction with privacy or rather (because it illustrates a context rather than creating it) is relevant of one's privacy held by an entity which is neither a family member nor a friend nor even a relative. What an odd world. Having everything one performs in a connected dimension be recorded, digested, analyzed and then spit as a cow's milk, nectar of a life. I do hope we'll always be more than a sum of equations, unpredictable so to say. Reply bruno May 28, 2017 at 5:16 pm # The "filter bubble" is overrated IMO. Just try to compare a search in incognito and see whether you'll get vastly different results. For a research see: https://moz.com/blog/clickstream-data-revolution (section Popping the filter bubble). Reply Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Comment Your Name Your E-mail (will not be published) Don't subscribeAllReplies to my comments Notify me of followup comments via e-mail. You can also subscribe without commenting. Follow Us Please Support Us You can support us in many ways, for instance by disabling adblockers. Alternatively, you may support us with a PayPal donation. Please check out our other support options here. Advertisement Recent Updates: Firefox multi-process information Windows Backup Software overview Anti-Ransomware Software overview Firefox 53.0.3 Pale Moon 27.3 The Best Windows Software Firefox Roadmap 2017 Free CD Burning Software Firefox privacy and security preferences Windows 10 Privacy Software The best Chrome extensions The best Firefox addons Advertisement Topics Apple Development Facebook Games Ghacks Hardware Internet Internet Explorer Linux Microsoft Mobile Computing Music And Video Networks Opera Security Tutorials Advertisement About Ghacks Ghacks is a technology news blog that was founded in 2005 by Martin Brinkmann. It has since then become one of the most popular tech news sites on the Internet with five authors and regular contributions from freelance writers. Information About Contact Disclaimer Rss Feeds Privacy Policy We Use Authors Martin Brinkmann Alan Buckingham Kevin Dearing Mike Turcotte © 2017 gHacks Technology News. All Rights Reserved. We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.Ok
Daily Express The Express Tribune Urdu E-Paper English E-Paper Watch Express News Live Monday, 05 Jun 2017 Subscribe Express News The Express Tribune Web Chutney Urdu E-Paper English E-Paper Watch Express News Live RSS Today's Paper Subscribe beta 2.1 Monday, 05 Jun 2017 Today's Paper Advertise Home Pakistan Business Tech Videos World Opinion Life & Style Sports T.Edit Blogs Jobs Classifieds Labs Events Games The Express Tribune > Technology   Google linking online and offline worlds in new ad challenge Share Tweet Google linking online and offline worlds in new ad challenge Google Attrib­ution was unveil­ed at a market­ing confer­ence this month in San Franci­sco By AFP Published: May 28, 2017 0SHARES Share Tweet Email Google Attribution was unveiled at a marketing conference this month in San Francisco. PHOTO: REUTERS SAN FRANCISCO: Google is testing a way to tie online ads to brick-and-mortar store purchases, a move whetting marketing appetites while fueling privacy worries. A product called “Google Attribution” was unveiled at a marketing conference this month in San Francisco by the internet giant. Google has long been able to determine when users click on an ads and make a purchase, but linking online and offline habits takes its analytics a step further. Google senior vice president Sridhar Ramaswamy, who announced that Attribution is in test mode with a limited number of partners and will be rolled out to more advertisers in coming weeks, touted the tool as being able to answer the long-challenging question of whether marketing campaigns are working. “Google Attribution makes it possible for every marketer to measure the impact of their marketing across devices and across channels,” Ramaswamy said. “Data-driven attribution uses machine learning to determine how much credit to assign to each step in the consumer journey — from the first time they engage with your brand for early research down to the final click before purchase.” Google’s AlphaGo clinches series win over Chinese Go master Real-world customer email addresses or loyalty plan information can be woven with Google data from services such as AdWords, Google Analytics and DoubleClick Search to provide “a complete view” of marketing performance, according to the company. Using artificial intelligence, or machine learning, to better analyze and understand consumer behavior to target ads and promote sales was a major theme of the conference. For several years now, AdWords has enabled advertisers to measure visits to real-world stores stemming from online campaigns, Ramaswamy noted. “Still, measuring store visits is just one part of the equation,” Ramaswamy said. “You also need insights into how your online ads drive sales for your business.” Real-world transactions matched back to Google ads are handed in “a secure and privacy-safe way,” with store sales information reported in aggregated and anonymized forms to protect individual privacy, according to the company. Tying online activity to offline shopping decisions has been a “holy grail” for advertisers for quite some time, and comes with worrisome privacy implications, according to ACLU senior policy analyst Jay Stanley. Forbes releases list of world’s most valuable tech brands Attribution threatens to intrude on a core tenant of privacy, that people can have dealings with one party not spill over into affairs with other parties they interact with, Stanley contended. “This is an evolution, not a revolution; another step toward increased monitoring of individuals,” Stanley said. “Each step raises the question ‘Where does this all stop?'” Stanley expected Google to be on its best behavior when it came to handling the growing trove of information about users, but that even the best of intentions could crack under the “enormous hydraulic pressure of the profit motive.” “We have the full fury and genius of the capitalist system being driven toward monitoring people in ever increasing detail and companies are competing to do so,” Stanley said “It will not stop without some sort of rules in which we as a society express our values through legal protections.” Google and Facebook dominate the online ad world, and what one does to prove its worth to advertisers is likely to be copied by the other, according to Silicon Valley analyst Rob Enderle of Enderle Group. Attribution promised to give Google a way to assure advertisers they are getting their money’s worth at the firm’s online venues. “The big problem is that showing conversion from ad consumption to purchase has been horrible,” Enderle said of online marketing. Tech giants race for edge in artificial intelligence “This has been a problem for a long time. Google is trying to make a metric so they get credit for it when you do purchase after viewing an ad.” Data showing which ads are translating into real sales should mean that the relevance of ads people see online will improve as marketers abandon mis-aimed or ineffectively tailored messages, the analyst reasoned. “You are going to be hit with ads for things that you might actually want to buy, so you are going to spend a lot more money,” Enderle predicted. Worries about privacy sparked by linking offline and online activities are a decade or so late, because the time to protest was when collection began of the troves of data about people, the analyst argued. “There really is no downside to this application,” Enderle said while discussing Google’s marketing metrics move. “This is the good side of collecting data; it is what else is being done with the data that should be unnerving and that we really don’t know.” Read more: Advertisement , Google , Tech Read full story Recommended Stories OMD and Google launch Pakistan’s First Programmatic campaign First agency to launch a programmatic campaign locally, using DoubleClick Bid Manager 13-year-old Pakistani hacker helping world's top tech companies Ahsan Tahir is a rising star in the cyber security realm Is Google replacing Android with a new OS? Google is expected to reveal more information at the IO 2017 conference next week Facebook Conversations Leave Your Reply Below Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Email Location Your comments may appear in The Express Tribune paper. For this reason we encourage you to provide your city. The Express Tribune does not bear any responsibility for user comments. Notify me of followup comments via e-mail Comments are moderated and generally will be posted if they are on-topic and not abusive. For more information, please see our Comments FAQ. Most Read 1 Singer Ali Haider lashes out at Waqar Zaka for exploiting Aamir Zaki's demise 2 India thrash Pakistan in Champions Trophy clash 3 Five talking points from Pakistan’s humiliation against India 4 Mardan Lynching: JIT says Mashal’s murder was premeditated 5 Woman kills husband for assaulting daughter-in-law 6 London terror attack death toll rises to seven 7 My last conversation with Aamir Zaki 8 Sponsored: The secret behind Fahad Mustafa’s unbeatable confidence and success 9 The story behind Aamir Zaki's 'Mera Pyar' in his own words 10 Transwoman arrested in Karachi for blackmail and murder Connect With Tribune News Like Us On Facebook Follow Us On Twitter Get news delivered to your inbox Your Email Address Great! You'll get your first email soon. Recent Slideshows Comic Wisdom - by Sabir Nazar (June 2017) Comic Wisdom - by Sabir Nazar (May 2017) Comic Wisdom - by Sabir Nazar (April 2017) Comic Wisdom - by Sabir Nazar (March 2017) More in TechnologyJapan, South Korea drive global bitcoin prices as retail investor pile in © 2017 The Express Tribune. Technical feedback? [email protected] Pakistan Sindh Punjab Balochistan KP & FATA Jammu & Kashmir Gilgit Baltistan Life & Style Books Music TV & Film Fashion Food Gossip Videos Slideshows Videos Opinion Editorial Letters Business World Sports Magazine Others About us Online Advertising RSS Feeds Google+ Subscribe to the Paper Contact us Careers Style Guide Privacy Policy Copyrights Code of ethics Mobile App This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, redistributed or derived from. Unless otherwise stated, all content is copyrighted © 2017 The Express Tribune. Technical feedback? [email protected] facebook twitter whatsapp
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us ... Don't Change Your Google Password Before Factory Resetting Your Android Phone - You Might Trip A 72-Hour Security Lockout David Ruddock Follow View All Posts 2015/07/13 3:19pm PDTJul 13, 2015 638 Plus 1 on G+ 784 Share on Facebook 6 Share on Twitter Total Shares1428 Android OS Tips & Tutorials Article Contents 1 Why am I locked out of my phone for 72 hours? 2 Why is this a feature? Isn't this insane overkill? 3 Is there any way around factory reset protection once it's triggered? 4 Can I disable this feature (Factory Reset Protection / Device Protection)? 5 How do I know if my phone has Factory Reset Protection? 6 Is there any warning about this when I factory reset my phone? This isn't a news story, but more of a "public service announcement" about an Android feature not everyone may be aware of. If you've ended up here because your Android phone is telling you that, after a factory reset, you cannot log into your device for 72 hours (3 days), I don't have much good news: you're going to have to wait it out. If you want to know why exactly this happens, regardless of whether or not it has affected you, this post will at least show you how to avoid falling victim to this security measure again if you find it to be too much trouble, as well as why this feature exists to begin with. Why am I locked out of my phone for 72 hours? Back in March 2015, Google introduced a feature called Device Protection in its newly-released version of Android, 5.1 Lollipop. Part of this new suite of security tools was something called Factory Reset Protection. This is the source of the 72-hour device lockout. It is tripped by resetting your Google account password and then performing a factory reset on an Android device (with Device Protection, meaning it runs 5.1+) that account is connected to. This feature is designed to allow you time to regain control of your Google account in the event it is compromised because your phone was stolen. Think of it this way: if somebody changes the lock on a security door (your phone) the night before the building gets robbed, do you think the person changing the lock (or someone else at the lock company) might have been in on it? That's essentially the logic of factory reset protection. The idea is that your Google account and password are the "lock" and "key" that are required to open your Factory Reset Protection-enabled device (the door) after it undergoes a factory reset, and that by changing your Google account password, you're "tampering" with the lock right before you enter the door - which is suspicious. And so at that point, Google initiates a 72-hour hold on sign-ins to that "door." After that 72 hours expires, you still need to log in with the previously-connected Google account's password. The difference is that during the hold, you just can't log in at all - after the hold is over, you obviously still need to verify the account password. Why is this a feature? Isn't this insane overkill? The reason the hold is triggered is that, once your Google account is compromised on a stolen phone (easy enough to do - the thief has your Gmail and probably your phone number), there is essentially no other way to stop a thief from successfully erasing all traces of your account ever having been on said phone, since a wipe can be done directly from the recovery menu on bootup without any sort of authorization (PIN/pattern protected startup does not prevent this). That 72 hours theoretically gives you time to get your Google account back under your control and change the password again, making the thief's attempts to log in futile. If you're wondering why a thief would know your Google account password and not your PIN/pattern lock, that's actually more likely to happen than you might think: it's completely possible to reset your Google account password without knowing the current one if you've got somebody's smartphone. Two-factor authentication generally relies on SMS, so the thief would get the authenticator on your stolen phone, and you probably would also have your backup email account synced to that smartphone as well (which, hey, good personal security idea: don't put your backup account on your phone). Generally speaking, it is comparatively much, much harder to change the lock screen on a phone if you don't know the existing PIN, pattern, or password, and short of social engineering or plain luck, that's hard information to get. Is there any way around factory reset protection once it's triggered? Sadly, no. Once the protection system is tripped, you've got a functionally useless smartphone until that 3-day lockout expires. If you've been locked out of your device and are looking for a workaround, sorry: there isn't one that we're aware of. You're going to have to wait (you also cannot sign in to the phone using another account - this would kind of defeat the purpose of the feature). Those affected by this problem have confirmed Google support is of no help in the matter - they'll just tell you to wait out the timer, during which time your phone has all the utility of a paperweight. This suggests Google really has no control over the timer itself once it's been triggered, though we can't be sure. Can I disable this feature (Factory Reset Protection / Device Protection)? Nice try, phone thieves! But really, in the interest of full disclosure, yes - you can disable all Device Protection features (and it is an all-or-nothing switch), including Factory Reset Protection, and doing so is relatively quick and painless on supported devices. Here is the process. Enable developer options on your phone (Google it - it's easy, usually you just go into the settings, "about phone," find the build number (might be under software), and then tap it until it says "You are now a Developer!") Go to developer options and find "Enable OEM unlock." Check the box, and hit "enable." You will get a warning saying this will disable device protection features, and this includes factory reset protection. And I've tested it - factory reset protection no longer works with this checkbox enabled. If your device does not have an "allow OEM unlocking" option, that means one of two things. First, it most likely means it doesn't support factory reset protection to begin with, and that your phone is not protected in the event someone wipes it (or it may have a 3rd party solution!). Second, it could just mean the company that made your phone (or the carrier) decided not to include the OEM unlock toggle and is kind of a dick, and in that case, you only have one option, and it's a bad one (bottom of this section). As to what "allowing OEM unlocking" really does, it basically tells the system that the bootloader is authorized to be unlocked (note: not the same as actually unlocking it) and that Android won't stop you in the event you should attempt to do it. And yes, this makes your phone less secure, because it potentially means a thief could flash custom software to your phone, etc., and Google is politely saying it's not their problem if something bad happens when you do this. If you don't want to use the Enable OEM Unlock method or do not have such a toggle, the only other practical option to disable ADP is to run with an unsecured lock screen. Not very appealing, right? Android Device Protection requires that you have a PIN, pattern, or password for your lockscreen in order to function. Without those things, its features become useless anyway - accounts can be removed from the device without any additional authorization, and thus there's really no protection to begin with. How do I know if my phone has Factory Reset Protection? The easiest way is to just do a factory reset (while logged in to the device with a Google account and a screen PIN/pattern set) and see if you get the following dialog on startup. If you do, you've got factory reset protection. If you don't, you either don't have it or it's disabled. Device Protection should be on almost any Android device that shipped with Android 5.1 or higher out of the box. It will also work on some phones that shipped with some version of 5.0 (5.0, 5.0.1, 5.0.2), such as the Galaxy S6, and were later updated to Android 5.1 or higher. Is there any warning about this when I factory reset my phone? Nope... which seems really bad on Google's part, if I'm honest. Devices should clearly state as part of the factory reset dialogue that they will be completely locked and rendered unusable if you've changed your Google password in the last 72 hours. Does this let phone thieves know how the system works? Certainly, but it still accomplishes the purpose (prevents a wipe), and it would be much better for end users. People have already encountered this feature unwittingly after resetting their Google account passwords, only to be locked out of their only phone for 3 days with absolutely no way to resolve the issue - and these people did nothing wrong. It's totally ridiculous that this is how it works, and Google should most definitely address it. So, the lesson? In the event you change your Google account password, you must wait three days before factory resetting any of your Android 5.1+ devices you use with that account unless you have explicitly disabled Android Device Protection on them. If you factory reset one of your Android devices before those 3 days are up and then attempt to sign into that device with your Google account, you will be met with an error message and not allowed to log into the device with any account until 72 hours after the password reset occurred, which is a major bummer. Tags 72 hours android device protection android factory reset android phone 3 day lock out android phone 72 hours android phone verify your identity factory reset factory reset protection subscribe ... Previous Story Inbox App Now Offers To Create A Reminder When You Try To Email Yourself ... Next Story Slacker Radio Updated With Android Auto Support In The Latest Version Trending 78 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 88 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 Comments Dante_of_the_Inferno Power User: "Why are these security settings so insanely high?" IT Admin: "Why are these people still complaining that security settings are too low?" Sorry, power users. In case you've forgotten, Android is still the OS of the masses, and the masses prefer security over absolute account-level autonomy (thank that Wired editor). CoreRooted Honestly, I think Google is right about not lifting the 72 hour period on their end. We would be even more annoyed if all it took was a phone call to Google to unlock the device after it being stolen. If the thief has your device AND changed the password on it, then yes, they have your info. There isn't much that Google can do to say that the caller isn't you. I really can't see any of this as a negative. David Ruddock The lack of being informed that it will happen is the broken part. I agree a hard lockout is fine in theory, but not if you had zero idea it would happen in the first place unless you read an obscure support article. CoreRooted That's a good point (and then one thing in the article that I was shaking my head at). Google has never really been good at announcements, documentation, and marketing. I was trying to think of an instance where Google wouldn't want to let people know about this, but I really can't. It's something we WANT thieves to know about and users also. cpaixao The lock works not because changing password is suspicious, but because you might want to avoid thief from receiving emails at your logged account and browsing your personal data on apps with your account. Despite of that, you'll still able to lock and/or wipe your device with GDM from anywhere. This is the reason for GDP logic. bo ure Thanks for the acronyms, techie Genius. It renders your sentence meaningless unless we know wtf you're talking about or look them up. Bon Hey DAVID! Im not a theft i own a s6 edge plus i forgot my previous passowrd on my google accnt and may back up password in case my fingerprint will fail, now ive got 72hrs locked out. Its really heartbreaking. Is there any other way for me again to use my phone? Is it possible if i changed my password in my google accnt and used it after 72hrs locked out i can use already my s6 edge? Pls do help me. :( victoria atwood Hi can u tell me if I have this 72 hour thing..I turn my phone on it asks me for wiFi then asked me for google email and password .it tellseems me to sign in with owners account but I am the owner..I can't get on home screen or anything..I've only had my smsung edge 6 plus 2 days..Please help before I cracked up ..Thanks x David Navarro i have the same issue right now it tells me to sign in with owners account and Im using the same account can you tell me if your issue was fixed after 72 hours please. It doesn't say anything about 72 hours Shan Yousaf Hey i have the same issue yesterday. i have same error( please sign in with owners account) Kindly telll me is this issue will be resolved after 72 hours? TCH I just run into the issue today and there was no warning from google, what a shame. Oh well nothing to do now but wait those 72 stinking hours but lesson learned. Akshay I have a Moto G3, I first factory reset it in recovery mode, then changed the password from the phone. Now the phone is not allowing me to login, it returns password error with old password, but accepts new password, but after checking the new password it returns the same verification screen. Currently going through 72-hours lockout and tried many times with new password. So, after the 3 days are over, will I be able to login in my moto g3 with new password? Moirrainefortruth Well, there should be a way to go around it if you send a code from your own darn email. Google doesn't get security, they just pretend they do. Shane Johnson Honestly the phone states this when you initially setbup your first gmail with the phone. The people whobare affected by this and “surprised" are peoplr who SKIP through the set up screens. So shame on them bo ure Oh, F.U., it's impossible to read every g.d. little thing this miserable phone throws at you. EowynCarter That. No point in a security measure that can be bypassed. Though a warning would be nice indead. I finally let my bootloader unlocked. Not safe, but I'm afraid that it might prevent me from fixing my own phone in case of bootloop. Don I disagree. I'm in this situation right now. My brother sold me his phone and I asked him for his login to unlock it, but before that I decided to factory reset it to clear it. Unbeknownst to me, he was resetting his password at the same time. Now I'm toast. mfr118 Just so everyone knows I'm the reason for this PSA. Thanks Artem and David for all your help the other day. CoreRooted Ugh... sorry that hit you. 3 days without my DD would drive me insane. mfr118 Insane wouldn't be the word I'd use. I was stuck using my companies iPhone for 3 days. I wanted to eat a bullet Artem Russakovskii You and https://plus.google.com/u/0/+ChadCooper/posts/i2F9N1mjoVG https://plus.google.com/u/0/+ChadCooper/posts/Py5rkHYUZry mfr118 Well thanks again for the help the other day. You guys actually take the time to help unlike those other "Central" Android sites Guest Why would anyone mess with my Google account if they stole my phone? I'm not sure if I understand this feature. David Ruddock You can't wipe the phone to the point of it being resellable without that password - Factory Reset Protection requires it to be verified on boot after a factory reset, and Android won't fully start until the password of the last account on the device is verified. Tl;dr - if you don't have the Google account password (or get locked out after trying to change it), you can't resell the phone. Guest Oh I didn't know that, thanks for explaining. Can't you just log out of the original owner's account and delete the data of Play services, etc. before trying to do a factory reset? David Ruddock That requires the device PIN / pattern / password from the lockscreen, which must be set up for these features to turn on in the first place. GryphKid44 How can a thief change your password without being able to get past the lockscreen? It seems they would have to change your password from a different device which means that they have access to another device as well. David Ruddock It would be unlikely, but entirely possible if they steal your phone while it's not locked (eg BT smart lock, long lock timeout, etc.) nehpets In this instance where somebody has your phone unlocked already, what is preventing them from just enabling the OEM Unlock for their own use? I don't remember the developer options requiring pin/password, etc. EowynCarter Nothing. That's the reason smart lock can be used after I set my work account on my phone.Not safe. All about security vs convenient nehpets So that makes this 72 hour lockout period worthless. It will catch a whole lot of people doing nothing wrong, while anybody who nefariously reset somebody else's password using their stolen cell phone would also take 2 seconds to enable the OEM unlock and not have any issues. Brad You need the pin to turn it off whether or not the phone is "smart" unlocked... so they can't disable it. nehpets That makes a whole lot more sense. Prezes Dyrektor what about flashing a different rom? perhaps even an older version stock? wouldn't that work around this protection? EowynCarter Only if the bootloader in unlocked. And as default, you have to allow the unlock in the developers settings. Or fastboot oem unlock says access denied. Dabu So what am I supposed to do, if I'm selling a phone with this feature? CoreRooted Probably wipe the device first and then change your password afterward would be safer. Walker86 Actually that may not help in all cases. I just got hit with this because of a glitch on my Samsung Galaxy S6 where it suddenly failed to read my fingerprint and asked for my backup password, which it didn't recognize either. T-Mobile suggested a factory wipe to recover the phone, but it wouldn't recognize my google account afterwards. So, they passed me on to Samsung support who suggested I change my google account password to see if that would help - and bang here I am for 72 hours. Whatever the intention, this is a poorly thought out implementation of the concept. There should be a way to validate legitimate owners and bypass this lockout. Tardaboveme Turn off the lockscreen, then remove the google account from the phone. That should let you wipe it without it coming up after the fdr. David Ruddock Correct. ALUOp You don't change your password when you sell your phone, so you don't need to worry about this feature. Just wipe the phone. Despite the length of this article, it doesn't explain things very clearly. Cory S read more. http://www.androidpolice.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/07/nexus2cee_Screenshot_2015-03-12-16-48-37_thumb.png ALUOp I don't understand your point. I was telling Dabu that he needs not worry about the 72-hour thing, which this article is trying to explain and apparently got him confused. Cory S When you wipe your phone you need to sign back in with the original account to unlock it.. That part has nothing to do with password changes.. ALUOp Where in my previous comments did I say or imply signing in after wipe has anything to do with password changes? Please read or re-read my previous comments. All I said is Dabu doesn't need to worry about the 72-hour blackout this article is trying to explain. Cory S He asked what he needed to do when he sold a phone with this feature...which disabels a device after a factory reset until the original owner signs back in. He was given the correct answer above, yours would had resulted in a new owner opening up a paper weight. Demetria Streeter thats what mine is saying right now ToniLKerns ====Lates Quality performance androidpolice ...... <**** Find Here Trooper311 Happened to me about a month or so ago. I contacted Google and was told there was no way around it, even though I pressed the issue. Lesson learned the hard way. After 72 hours was up, I was able to log back in. mciuccio Hey, I just did the same thing, I changed my google password, because of a blackshades hack on my work PC. and also in trying to clean up my Note 5 I did a factory reset on it also. I have tried to log back into my Note 5 every day, I also have 2 step verification turned on now with my google account. So currently my sim card is in an iPhone 5 I suppose for three days from now, after reading this article. I am just wondering will I have to try to log in with my new google password or my old one I changes? Does anyone know? Jey New one Bunklung There was another Android Police article on Factory Reset Protection and someone posted a comment indicated that even with an unlocked bootloader and allow OEM unclocking that factory reset protection still worked even when reflashing the device to stock. The account check/FRP happens server side. http://www.androidpolice.com/2015/03/12/guide-what-is-android-5-1s-antitheft-device-protection-feature-and-how-do-i-use-it/#comment-1903978565 I think this complicates resale too. If the seller doesn't remove FRP (pin/password/pattern) and factory resets the phone and throws it in a mail, that's a sad day for the buyer. I wonder if Swappa will disclaim this. There are a few comments about unintended resale consequences: http://www.androidpolice.com/2015/03/12/guide-what-is-android-5-1s-antitheft-device-protection-feature-and-how-do-i-use-it/#comment-1982676882 Normally a seller and a buyer are always aware of the ESM/MEID status, but now the big question will be, "Is FRP disabled and the phone reset to factory???", in each listing right next to ESN status. TylerChappell This article helps make all the theives better theives. ;D Their only requirement now is to pick out a person they think would be too lazy or incompetent to regain control of their account within 3 days. Brad You can't fix stupid. TylerChappell Lol right you are, sir! João Victor Schiavo I liked the article a lot, but I got confused at some parts. I read it again and again, and now the only part I didn't get very well is this: "Two-factor authentication generally relies on SMS, so the thief would get the authenticator on your stolen phone, and you probably would also have your backup email account synced to that smartphone as well" Could anyone explain me this? Thank you. :) lamenting Let's say your backup email account was a Yahoo account. You might have the Yahoo Mail app on that same phone. So if you change your password on your Google account to block the thief, the thief could request Google to send the login reset email to your backup email account - your Yahoo account - and compromise your Google account. So don't put your backup email account on your phone. :) João Victor Schiavo But if my phone has a PIN, he can't see the email received, right? Also, what about the first part, before the last comma? That's what I didn't understand. PS: I don't use a backup email for my main account. :P blindexecutioner Your phone is the authenticator. João Victor Schiavo But how? You mean my phone number? But he wouldn't be able to see the message my phone receives, be it by email or by sms. CoreRooted That isn't necessarily true. Lollipop allows you to have your notifications displayed on your lockscreen... EVEN if you have it locked with a pin, password or pattern. The contents are still there. So, yes, a thief COULD see the SMS code or the code in the email (depending on client and such). It is possible. Internet Guardian Good article!! Now can someone please let me the know the best way to Reset/Format a device Android 5.1 device before selling it? Alexander Sofinskiy Yeah! I am looking for that too, how to reset your phone before selling? and how to not get locked with used devices which I bought from somebody?? yankeesusa There was a cnet article on this. here is a quick way, first things first, don't reset until you activate encryption. Then after you encrypt the phone, factory reset. This should be good for most people. If you want to go even further, then after factory reset, go back in the phone and add a bunch of fake info, then factory reset again. Do this several times if you want. After all this, remember to unencrypt phone. Of course some phones will not let you hard reset unless you decrypt. I think the g3 does this. Ali Mahdavi Thank you Android Police, it was really useful! blindexecutioner Thanks. I very well could have done this around the time a new version of Android drops. CoreRooted Nope. In fact, if you are selling the device, you should just wipe it (I do this about 5 times just to be sure) and then DON'T log back into it. Change your password for the account the device was previously setup with after you wipe it (the changing of it before the wipe is what triggers FRP) and you should be good. sugarwer765 Power Read police article < w­­­w­­­w.­­­­N­e­t­C­a­s­h­­­9­­.­­­C­­­o­­­m Peter Siegmund I don't have the "allow OEM unlocking" on my Nexus 4 (with Android 5.1.1). Where can I find this in the developer options? EowynCarter Not there on my nexus 4 either. Erroneus I believe Nexus 4 doesn't have the necessary hardware to support the needed encryption, which is why this feature is not present. Nexus 4 owner here my self. Arpan Malviya Not on my N5 either Teodor Axel Johan Jönsson You can't. Nexus 4 and 5 don't have that option cabbieBot Did this one get rushed out the door or was it intended to just address stock users? Because that's the only way it makes sense. Those of us who want SU and have our bootloaders unlocked are still out here, ya know. So, some questions. 1) Factory Reset. Let's get that defined. I take it that the article primarily addresses the aftermath of what happens when you choose the option in the "Backup & Reset" submenu in Settings, and selecting the choice for a Factory Data Reset at the bottom, below all the "please generate a hash of my soul's identity and back it up please" options. * But, that's still not clear. There is also this line: "since a wipe can be done directly from the recovery menu on bootup." What recovery? Stock recovery? What if I have CWM or TWRP as a custom recovery, does it trip it? And goodness, how would it if I factory reset using a custom recovery? What If I just dirty flash a ROM update when I've changed a password to an account on the phone? Or do a wipe of any/all partitions from a custom recovery, flash a brand new ROM, and reboot? Or restore a nandroid? What is phoning home? 2) This occurs for any google account the phone is locked into? So, if I have a secondary (or tertiary, even!) google account logged into my phone, this applies there too? 3) I have an LG G3 and the recent firmware update (ZVA) was to backport this feature to the current android version we are on (5.0.1). There is no OEM Unlocking option menu, either, but the article says there are only two cases when that will happen. Can we expect similar behavior? CoreRooted To answer #1 (from what I understand from the support docs: https://support.google.com/nexus/answer/6172890?hl=en), it isn't the action of wiping that is the trigger. It's the setup AFTER the wipe. The recovery type (stock, CWM, TWRP, etc) shouldn't matter. When you go into setup (and enter in the network info), the device contacts Google to determine if it is participating in the Factory Reset Protection (easy enough to do as Google keeps a UUID of every device that has Android installed running 5.x+)). Most likely the trigger is that something has changed on the /data or /system partitions (maybe even lower level than that) and that is what triggers the lock. As for #2, it applies to the device. So, if you signed in with [email protected] , change the password and then factory reset, ANY ACCOUNT will be locked out of that device. You can still use your account on other devices (and with the web), but not on THAT device. The device, at this point, can ONLY be unlocked with your account and new password. For a thief, they essentially have a brick in their possession. So, even if you have [email protected] , you still won't be able to sign into THAT device. #3) Unknown at this point. I also have a G3 and I haven't changed my password in about 40 days. I don't really WANT to test it, but I'm willing to bet that LG made it so that we cannot turn off the FRP at all. yankeesusa This is a great feature to have. But there should be a warning on phones and online letting you know that their is a possibility of a 72hour lockout. Other than that I'm glad they are doing this. CoreRooted There's a support article... Buried deep within Google's docs for the Nexus line. lol... https://support.google.com/nexus/answer/6172890?hl=en yankeesusa I'll take a part time job just to read the docs LOL. They should post a warning on the phone itself though. Maybe with enough complaints they will. Blackangel3942 I can think of one reason why they do not post a clear warning: and that is so that it can catch the potential thief off-guard, and apparently it works as it caught David and many others off-gaurd. DanSan Good information here, thanks guys. I use 2 factor authentication but dont use SMS as a way to get codes. I have a set of printed codes i keep locked at home and use the google authenticator app on my devices. it is also password protected separately inside the phone. dont have my recovery email on that phone either, didnt even think of that before. DanSan If you didn't know about the 3 day lock out prior to doing a wipe I can completely understand that and I feel for people. On the other hand, to complain about Google not being able to reset it is very different. its like yelling at your bank for asking you security questions when you try to call them up and access your account. its protecting you for a reason and if that security is simply compromised with a simple phone call there is no reason for having it in the first place. Maybe they could add something to clear the hold once you're back into your account but im not sure if that would put any holes in this defense or not. either enforce it all the time or never, thats how security works. DanSan im still very curious about the effects of having unlocked bootloader. I originally unlocked the bootloader of my nexus 6 when it was on 5.0 and updated it manually to 5.1.1. its still unlocked but the oem unlocking toggle is not turned on. if i try to turn it on im greeted with the pin screen and a warning telling me it wont work anymore. have we 100% confirmed this? im already bootloader unlocked so i dont really care but curious how it could effect locking/unlocked bootloaders. CoreRooted It shouldn't affect the bootloader at all. With FRP enabled, you can wipe the device 100 times and the result will still be the same. It's the setup (the phone home to Google) after reboot that determines if you are locked out or not. dannyR Google implements tight security (or tight anything) only when it doesn't affect them financially. You're scrued for 3 days? Tough beans. Aris Routis The fact you're not warned,is the right thing to do. It would defeat the purpose of having such a mechanism in place if you were to announce it in the first place. Murilo Antas Pereira Happened to me on a 3rd gen moto g. Even with no security set on lockscreen. Cindy Craig I changed my Google password, did a factory reset on my phone and ended up here. Now, once the 72 hour lockout is over, do I enter my old password or new Google password into my phone to activate it again? I am unclear...and would appreciate any help Mahak Bansal Same Situation....What to do?///// WHAT WAS THE SOLUTION?????? Cindy Craig The only solution is to wait the full 72 hours, then enter your new google password into your phone. Then, it will work normally. In the meantime, I put my SIM card into an old phone that I had while I waited. rayan tahir i have changed my google password after factory reset from recovery mode. I cannot open frp lock what can I do now? pntless I just got nailed by this. Maybe do a reminder post since Marshmallow images just pushed? Jerry What a nightmare..... Google blames Samsung, Samsung blames Google, Sprint throws their hands up in the air and points to both Samsung and Google. Legitimate owners are caught in this finger pointing exercise and quoted company policy and we have to wait 72 hours. Insane. bo ure Quite. Jerry So can anyone tell me about FRP Unlock applications that are being offered in other forums? Pramit Bhattacharyya I changed my gmail account password last night.After that I had a hard reset on my mobile device but I stuck in the sign in loop.It shows ''this device was reset.To continue sign in with th e google account that was previously synced on this device.'' What to do? Should I wait 72 hours.After that can this device will open by putting my new gmail password? Mahak Bansal same dude....STUCKED HELP GUYZZZ DANIEL S wait 72 hrs!!! pcnexus http://www.pcnexus.net/2015/12/what-is-factory-reset-protection-google-72-hour-lockout-android-lollipop.html Eric Paroissien Excellent article and helpful. Mel I just bought my Son a Droid Turbo for his Birthday like 2 weeks ago. He is 14 and forgetful so he has locked himself out of his phone and can't remember his gmail email or password. I understand the wait 72 hour thing but when I called Motorola they said after 72 hours it would give me the option to make a new google email and get in that way. After reading these comments I am thinking the guy at Motorola is wrong. Also if that is the case his phone is unusable so money down the drain. Am I correct? Verizon is our carrier and they suggested I call Motorola. ryan have you heard anythiing back? Jonathan Hawkins I was locked out of my Samsung Galaxy phone but did find a company called RockIT Repairs that can remove the Factory Reset Protection from any Android phone. They charged me $50 to do the FRP removal. This is the link for their removal service http://rockitrepairs.com/frp-factory-reset-protection-removal/ . I hope this help someone like it did me after being locked out of my phone. GabbyGibby This happened to me when I took my new galaxy 5 note to the ATT store because my bluetooth was not working in my car well they had to do a hard reboot I forgot my password for google she said no problem will just change your password Here I am on the third day of my lock out Thank You AT&T. After calling her supervisor because we couldn't get into my phone she apologized and said sorry there is a 72 hour lock I didn't know about this. Well we know now don't we. Thank you for this article I loved it and I'm passing it on for other people so they don't have to go through this. Will This is completely ridiculous and absurd. Ok, i can understand the need fit ask the security, I'm up for all that. What really gets me riled up is that Google does not inform is users of the update and even are you have been locked out, you still don't know why, or for how long and not only that, here i am on the phone with my service provider trying to figure out how to get accesd to my phone and all but still, nothing. I cant even finish setting up my phone, or even skip the google account set up and just be able to at least use my phone period. After getting my replacement phone two days ago, my finger scanner was failing to work, had forgotten my new backup password, it wouldn't log me on with my google account, thought THAT password might be wrong so I changed it. That was not working so i got on the phone with my service provider and street about half an hour end up having to do a hard rest on my phone. So evening stated up just fine, but then i get that screen saying the phone was reset, to use account that was previously synced on device, goes to next scrern, let's me ounch in password, then back to 'VERIFY YOUR ACCOUNT' and stuck in a never ending loop. If you are locked out at least tell me I'm locked out and for how long, instead of making me loop in the hopes i might have puncged in my password wrong or m7spelled my account email, but it just asks yo enter the information. So it took another hour long phonecall with my service provider, which ended up in another factory reset, and after tech support did some digging, found this article informing me about this. Now I'm stuck unable to use phone. There has to be something Google can do about this, I'm sure they wouldnt write a program without being able to bypass it and letting you acces your stuff sgai. What if there was an emergency or something? Im sure that if your phone was stolen, you'd report it, and get on a computer and wiped thee stolen veice remotely or locked it or something. When i lost my phone once, i immediately got online locked it, and not being able to find it, erased it, called my service provider and had service stopped on phone so as to not allow anyone else use or access to my i formation. Obiously Google does have a way to verify that it's you and not someone else trying to get accesd to your device or even your acvount, with so many security measures in place. Has Google received enough complaints about this? Enough to make some kind of change? pcnexus The 72-hour lockout is by default active. So, if you do a factory reset in recovery mode, you still won't be able to login and verify device ownership for the first 72-hours. I didn't change the password after factory reset and the device is now not allowing me to login and verify. Waiting for 3 days to pass, previously unlocked the phone after 3 days. RE Casper Here is another fun point [sarc]... I ran into this problem myself, waited the 72hrs and after I still couldn't get back in, I contacted Google Customer Service. The answer I got... "Call Motorola about getting the phone replaced".... Now, here I sit, $600+ paperweight of a phone in hand. So, moral of the story... it's not just getting locked you should be worried about with this "new security feature". You may just end up with an inaccessible device and far more than 3 days of having no phone, like I have. pcnexus You can unlock the phone. Read this tutorial. I have unlocked the phone 2-3 times after FRP is initiated. http://www.pcnexus.net/2015/12/what-is-factory-reset-protection-google-72-hour-lockout-android-lollipop.html Peter Goodstadt Thanks for that info it worked a treat to reset my one plus for reselling.Peter G Nony I hate this feature more than anything. Im always changing my password to my gmail, and i have a really insecure boyfriend who always tries to put spyware on my phone, so im always resetting it. I dont know how many times I've been locked out of my phone in emergency situations because of this. I NEVER HAVE A WORKING PHONE!!!. It makes me want to switch to Apple. I am so over Android because of this feature!!! Stephen Can I ask someone on this blog to answer a question I have regarding my Moto e. I'm an old guy, 64, not a techie like you folk are. I do not text. Fingers too fat, eyes too bad. I don't want to email anyone or anyone to email me via my phone. I have an email account on Gmail for that. Why does my phone keep noticing me that I need to enter the correct password for ????? It says it 'Couldn't sign in'. I don't know if I want or need it to do so. Any idea as to why I should provide my email password? I understand it was set up by my son an IT guy but I change my password every 6 months or so and after changing it this last time, I started getting this request. Thanks much Sajeev Pattath Thanks for info. I am facing the same problem for my moto g3. it auto updated to android 6 and there is some issues. No incoming calls are getting on phone . Then i changed password and done factory reset. after seeing this at least i am happy that i may able to use my phone after 72hrs Lead Poisoner Didi it work after 72 hours? Chris Lee After the 72 hour wait period, am I going to use the password that I changed it to? or do I need to know the original one which I prob don't know pcnexus Please read this article to completely get out of this lockout. http://www.pcnexus.net/2015/12/what-is-factory-reset-protection-google-72-hour-lockout-android-lollipop.html Jey Use the new password Lead Poisoner Is it stiĺ 72 hours? Just happenned to my phone sony xperia z3 plus Dickie Whiteside BOOM! Fix for Factory Reset Protection https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HuPIhiFZoaI DJ Anderson Honestly, no system is full proof. Thieves will be thieves and I do feel this is overkill. If you don't, this obviously hasn't happened to you yet. This just happened to me without any warning from the system whatsoever. I feel a lawsuit brewing if Google doesn't fix this one size fits all approach to phone thievery. Furthermore, I can't for the life of me figure out why it can't just use your thumb print scan to bypass the lock. Obviously if my thumb is there, it's me. Which brings me back to my point - no system is full proof, and this one is flawed big time. ZULUWA GO TO HELL GOOGLE WITH YOUR FREAKIN ARTIFICIEL INTELLEGENT STUPIDITY. I did a factory reset, I erase the all phone data. I was going crazy.. Even I erase media data. F**** Y plug-Ugly arsemongers. And Thank you Folks with you precious clarification, yesterday I was unable to sleep until morning and I was about throwing the phone on the wall, Appreciate you post. Uzer Account Does it matter if my phone is on or off? Should i turn it on/off in 3 days for it to unlock? Frank Markovich I changed my password to ensure there would be zero issues when I reset my phone....fuck me running. Esther McGough I like the protection, but I hate that no one knew this until I researched it, I could have bought a new phone last Thursday, had my phone number put on it and got my account straightened out then had to wait the three days, instead i was frustrated until today when I did just that, so to get into my phone i still have ANOTHER three days , get this information out to people who sell your phones Randy Deaton Just to add to the discussion but I just bought a used phone and the previous owner factory reset it before sending it...now I have a phone that I literally cannot use because of this feature! If I ever try to log in it wants the "previous" account and I do not have the previous owners information! In my scenario this feature is pretty dumb! Denys Kravchenko Nexus 5x, Android 6.0.1 - not 72, 24 hours now :-) Lead Poisoner I hope its true i need it for my job hrzn well I just got f'd by this on my s7, the damn thing randomly stopped recognizing my finger print after months of it working, I had 2 attempts left, I decided to shut the phone off and turn it back on knowing when I do that it instead asks for me to input a password, which I've done a few other times when restarting my phone, but I guess I forgot the exact password, so both attempts struck out, it shut off, reset, apparently stated it would delete everything now it wants my google account, no problem... except I had my google password set to be remembered on everything, so I haven't actually put that in for several months, I forgot that too, it says "forgot password?" I clicked that, reset it, now it just loops back to putting google account info in again. I can't get past it, is this the 72 hour thing you mention, now I have to wait that long? This is ridiculous. Waste of $700, and I'm gonna be f'ing pissed if my baby daughters photos were deleted. Marcus Silva Almost got locked out, luckily I had 2 accounts guest23 You sir saved me! I was sitting up sulking and whining because I was locked out but I have two accounts! I thank you and my daughter thanks you lol tffk I'm locked out of my brand new OnePlus 3 because of this bullshit. It would have been nice to be warned first! Varun Menon Same. Locked out of my oneplus3. Have a couple of questions, after the 72 hour period, should i factory reset the phone again and then log in with my new pass or not factory reset and just log in? Angelo When does the 72 hour timer start??? Jesus. The most basic question and you never answered it! Is it 72 hours after performing the reset OR 72 hours after changing your password! bo ure Apparently, after changing your password. Mostly likely because IT TOLD YOU TO when you tried to sign back in. (I'll bet $100.00 you entered your email and password, both new and old a million times trying to get your legal phone back in use. Man, I hate Google with the heat of a thousand suns.) Kayla P-P I don't know if anyone is still monitoring these comments, but I have a related problem. I have a brand new S6 edge. My son was telling me I needed security on my phone, so we were trying to set up the fingerprint scanner. The scanner would NOT read my fingerprint, so we did NOT set up a backup password, and I NEVER enabled the fingerprint security. I did set up a four digit pin for the swipe screen. A day later I REMOVED the swipe screen pin because I was trying to move stuff to my phone via USB and I had to keep typing in the PIN. When I removed it, the phone did NOT ask me for my fingerprint or pin. The same day, I updated to 6.0.1. Then, I tried to go back and put a PIN on the swipe screen (which, after the update, I did not have anymore! When I wake up the phone it goes directly to the home screen). I cannot even ADD security to my phone because it is asking me for my fingerprint (which the scanner never took) or backup password (which I never set). I am resigned to a factory reset, but am worried about the Google lockout. In anticipation of the reset, I removed 2 factor authentication from my Google account. Will THAT start the 72 hour clock, like resetting the password would? I am not locked out of my phone, so I can use it...just wondering if I need to wait a few more days before attempting the reset. I have read that a lot of people have problems with getting back into their phone after reset with Google...I don't know if that's just because so many people have changed their password, or if there is a glitch with the phone software. That worries me more than the factory reset itself! In my googling about this problem, I found this too: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=McQbcCHN3b0 Andreas Hello, very good article. But I want to tell you now, I had reset my mobile phone, I was waiting 3 days, I had put my details, and didn't work, then I had changed my google account password, and I was trying again, it didn't work, I was called Google Support, they had told me to wait 72 hours and to try again. I was waiting 4 days today, I was trying again, and I can't log in. What should I do?! ([email protected] ) Simone Ramella Thanks for the useful information. I only wish I read this post two hours ago, before factory resetting my wife’s Motorola Moto G as suggested by our phone company (she has been unable to receive any call in the last few days and they were unable to give us any help). Of course, she did not remember her Google account password, therefore I had to change it right before factory resetting the phone. Now I found out that for at least 72 hours (why not a couple of months?!) she won’t be able to use her mobile phone at all. Which is not really a joke if you don’t have a spare one to replace it (we don’t) and need it for your work and/or to keep in touch with your children, and not just to play Pokemon Go. It seems Google cares a lot about our security, but doesn’t care at all about warning its users that they may be locked out for at least three days from their own phones if they dare to change their Google account password. They can call it “security”, for me it’s just total nonsense. PANDAMONIUM🚀 God damn it, now if only I had known this 20 minutes ago. Also, I read that the lockout is for 24 hour snow, instead of 72, is this correct? bo ure I HATE this phone more than anything I've ever purchased. Samsung Galaxy S6 through Sprint. It's been hours and hours and hours and hours and untold piled up hours of straight up heartache, grief, and pure aggravation, reading and researching, and so precious little use. WORST purchase of my entire life. And now I'm not even having the service I pay a fortune for each month. And now it will undoubtedly cost more $ to pay somebody to bypass. And this is what happens when three giant corporations are all involved in a matter so simple as a phone. And I thought Apple was obnoxious. The 3-way marriage between Google, Samsung and Sprint beat them by a mile. Never again. When my contract is up, this is the last. Heba Reda Attar I have a question.. when the 72 hours are finished, and i try to log in again with my new password it will log me in? or i have to log in with my old passwords? Alexander Baron Just for the record, I think this article should clarify that the phone is now only locked for a 24-hour period. I recently spoke with a Google Support representative after my phone was locked Nuala Ronan yes, the notification on my oneplus 3 is 24 hours. i wish we could authenticate another way similar to banking recovery. even 24 hours is ridiculous Kyrstol Dinger Do you have a phone number for google support? I have been doing this dance with the 24-hour wait even though my password hasnt been changed for the last 4 days!!! Cara Huggett Seriously, where can I address a complaint letter? I was forced to factory reset my s7 because it kept freezing and shutting off on its own. In the process of setting my phone back up I had to sign into my gmail. Well the the problem is that I have been signed into my gmail account automatically on my phone for over a year and I don't remember my password. I had to reset my gmail password online so I can sign in and set my phone back up. Now I am locked out for trying to set my phone back up? Brilliant really! There must be a better option than this. CT So if my phone keeps saying verify your account I have to wait 72 hours and then what?? Nuala Ronan i have changed my google password 3 times since i got my phone and i cannot remember the original password i registered with. Google does not keep a listing of archived passwords. Does this mean i am permanently locked out out my phone if i cant remember my original password? Laura Covarrubias It is a very helpful and detailed information, thanks. I have a question that I hope you can help me with. I did the reset on my phone without Changing the password; I simply forgot the password and after several attempts I thought the reset was the option to go, however when I tried to set up the phone again. It did not et me to connect to wifi because the phone was unauthorized reset. Does not say anything about waiting 72 hours or gives any other option. Do you know what can I do? Thank you Xchris This should also include updating your version of android. I have to wait 24 bloody hours to use MY phone. Absolute fuckers. Why the hell can't they tell you this before the update begins. I'm furious Thomas Let me get this straight: - I own the phone - I have my new Google account password - I still remember my old Google account password and yet Google arbitrarily decides to ban me from using my phone, without providing any way to prove my identity? That's insane. On top of that, no information is given about this ban, neither on the log screen, nor in my Google dashboard. I am buying a non-Android phone first thing tomorrow morning. TCH Apple? I''m not sure if Apple has something similar? It's going ok, I just feel victim to Google as well and have to wait 72 stinking hours. No warning no nothing, had I known I would've changed my password earlier than do the factory reset. Glenn Beaumont So google tells me a foreign computer has logged into my google account whats the first two things I do??? Change my password (of course) and then reset my phone. I DO THIS FOR SECURITY - and then I get locked out. A warning would have been nice because I would have done it in the other order (reset my phone first and then changed my password) to avoid this. It's very annoying and has convinced not to buy google crap anymore. Dennis Zisman Great time to find this out! At least it is only 24 hours now, GD stupid, not making this a known fact until - Hey I'm locked out! Tren Dix When does the 72 hours lockout start?...is it everytime I Hard reset or factory reset the phone?...so when I do that it also resets the 72 hours?...it is already pass 72 hours since I made the 1st hard reset...but before that...not knowing about this problem...I have multiple hard reset my device...im using a nexus 6...it was my dads...so I dont a problem in google account...please help thanks... Kevin Really pissed about this. Here is the kicker, it will let you reset your password for google (then obviously locks you out of your phone). Which, if this account is your master for all of your google domains, if the person who supposedly stole your phone knows your email address or phone number, boom, they now have access to your google account, all of your domains, and can basically wreak havoc to web pages, etc. Google basically put my business on hold for 24 hours and revealed a hole in their security. If a competitor wants to bring me down, all they have to do is get my phone, repeatedly enter a bad password, force a factory reset, reset my google password, log on to google domains, and then proceed to bring down my domains. Way to go google. idiots. I am getting rid of my android phone and migrating my domains to godaddy or someone else. Intrepiddreamer Probably too late to post this but just in case someone happens to read this article - you can get your phone unlocked by samsung. I went through this today and waited the 24hours and got back in but when i spoke to a samsung rep they mentioned that you could go to a samsung verified service centre with your proof of purchase and photo ID (maybe credit info just in case) and they could unlock your phone for you! It won't void any warranty and is what samsung would recommend - so always keep your phone receipt it's how you can prove you own the phone! Hopefully this help! lulaberri My phone was not working and I was unable to use the keyboard. I have a password on it so basically, the only thing to do was factory reset. Now I am stuck without a phone. This is not good google. I also send the pw recovery to a different phone. and i vaildate through my email, yet still it doesnt do anything. what thief is going to go through all this trouble to get your emails and google account really? Follow Android Police 1.49M 472k 145k 119k Latest Deals 9 [Deal Alert] Chromecast Ultra is $59.99 ($10 off) at Google Store, Best Buy, B&H and others 2017/06/04 12:16pm PDTJun 4, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] Google Home is $109 ($20 off) at Best Buy, Google Store, B&H, and others 2017/06/04 10:07am PDTJun 4, 2017 12 [Deal Alert] Kick off the weekend with 24 temporarily free and 52 on-sale apps 2017/06/03 6:50pm PDTJun 3, 2017 18 [Deal Alert] Get a Nextbit Robin for $129.99 on eBay 2017/06/03 9:39am PDTJun 3, 2017 33 [Deal Alert] A Stork's Journey is currently free on Google Play Movies & TV 2017/06/01 10:50pm PDTJun 1, 2017 Latest Poll How many photos are on your Google Photos account? Under 100 100-999 1,000-2,499 2,500-4,999 5,000-9,999 10,000-19,999 20,000-39,999 More than 40,000. View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 67 Asus ZenFone 3 Zoom review: A promising phone that falls victim to bad software and cut corners 2017/05/31 2:21pm PDTMay 31, 2017 113 AOSPA (Paranoid Android) review: back from the dead, and we're thrilled 2017/05/31 9:47am PDTMay 31, 2017 29 Tag Heuer Connected Modular 45 review: It seems like $1,500 should get you more 2017/05/29 9:57am PDTMay 29, 2017 74 [Update, G+ Post] Francisco Franco makes his productivity timer 5217 free to try 2017/05/16 10:01am PDTMay 16, 2017 290 HTC U11 hands-on: HTC gets a little closer to the mark 2017/05/16 12:02am PDTMay 16, 2017 Latest Roundups 13 29 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/24/17 - 5/31/17) 2017/05/31 10:20am PDTMay 31, 2017 8 10 new and notable Android apps from the last week (5/23/17 - 5/29/17) 2017/05/29 12:49pm PDTMay 29, 2017 13 31 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/17/17 - 5/23/17) 2017/05/23 3:06pm PDTMay 23, 2017 16 12 new and notable Android apps and live wallpapers from the last week (5/16/17 - 5/22/17) 2017/05/22 12:48pm PDTMay 22, 2017 16 29 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/10/17 - 5/16/17) 2017/05/16 4:22pm PDTMay 16, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 18 Boost for Reddit removed from Play Store for alleged promotion of drugs, still not back after a week 2017/06/04 4:25pm PDTJun 4, 2017 112 Weekend poll: How many photos are synced to your Google Photos account? 2017/06/04 3:44pm PDTJun 4, 2017 28 Tasker beta v5 brings a fresh Material Design look and a huge list of other changes 2017/06/03 7:27pm PDTJun 3, 2017 12 [Deal Alert] Kick off the weekend with 24 temporarily free and 52 on-sale apps 2017/06/03 6:50pm PDTJun 3, 2017 76 Samsung uploads its Device Maintenance tool to the Play Store 2017/06/03 6:01pm PDTJun 3, 2017 Blast from the Past 60 1 Year Ago Today More Motorola Leaks: 'Style Mod' Replaceable Covers For The Moto X/Z And DROID Come In A Variety Of Materials 2016/06/04 12:27pm PDTJun 4, 2016 40 2 Years Ago Today Chrome Beta v44 Comes With Improvements To 'Native App' And 'Add To Homescreen' Banners, New Push API Features, And More [APK Download] 2015/06/04 5:14pm PDTJun 4, 2015 129 3 Years Ago Today YouTube v5.7 For Android Finally Lets You Select Exact Streaming Quality, As Long As It's 720p Or Lower [APK Download] 2014/06/04 6:16pm PDTJun 4, 2014 3 4 Years Ago Today Google Posts Glass XE6 Factory Image For Your Flashing Pleasure 2013/06/04 8:31pm PDTJun 4, 2013 16 5 Years Ago Today [Update: Pre-Orders Are Live] Sprint Announces The Galaxy S III Available June 21, Pre-Orders Start June 5 - $199 For 16GB, $249 For 32GB 2012/06/04 10:55pm PDTJun 4, 2012 327 6 Years Ago Today [Book Giveaway #2] Looking To Get Into Android Development? We're Giving Away "Hello, Android" To A Lucky Reader 2011/06/04 7:16pm PDTJun 4, 2011 2 7 Years Ago Today HTC EVO 4G OTA Update Comes Out In Time For Launch, Fixes SD Card Problems, Patches Security Issues, But Disables Root - Available Via WiFi As Well 2010/06/04 6:44pm PDTJun 4, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 112 Weekend poll: How many photos are synced to your Google Photos account? 2017/06/04 3:44pm PDTJun 4, 2017 35 It's not just you—there's a widespread Google Home outage 2017/06/04 12:04pm PDTJun 4, 2017 61 Samsung opens up its browser to some non-Samsung devices on the Play Store 2017/06/04 10:30am PDTJun 4, 2017 29 Motorola rolling out Android 7.1.1 to the Moto Z Play 2017/06/04 8:45am PDTJun 4, 2017 18 Boost for Reddit removed from Play Store for alleged promotion of drugs, still not back after a week 2017/06/04 4:25pm PDTJun 4, 2017 Last 7 Days 28 Google Photos v2.16 prepares to upgrade the camera shortcut, suggest photos to archive, and more [APK Teardown + Download] 2017/05/31 11:36pm PDTMay 31, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] Here are 38 temporarily free and 72 on-sale apps, plus both 0.10 Apps of the Week 2017/05/31 2:08pm PDTMay 31, 2017 501 [Update: New details plus Andy Rubin interview] The Essential phone is official, with an edge-to-edge display and the world's smallest 360-degree camera accessory 2017/05/30 7:48am PDTMay 30, 2017 76 Samsung uploads its Device Maintenance tool to the Play Store 2017/06/03 6:01pm PDTJun 3, 2017 24 Plex Live TV is now available for all Plex Pass subscribers, tuner required 2017/06/01 6:00am PDTJun 1, 2017 Last 30 Days 78 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 88 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 28 Google Photos v2.16 prepares to upgrade the camera shortcut, suggest photos to archive, and more [APK Teardown + Download] 2017/05/31 11:36pm PDTMay 31, 2017 94 The Play Store adopts new app and notification icons with v7.8.16 [APK Download] 2017/05/10 6:25pm PDTMay 10, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Advertise | Contact 124 queries | 0.474s | nexus2 Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
검색 Politics Social Affairs Foreign Affairs Defense North Korea Sharing Science Diplomatic Circuit Education Environment Economy Finance Industry Technology Automode Management Culture Travel Fashion Food & Beverage Books People Expat Living Design Health Film Television Music Arts Hallyu Soccer Baseball Golf More Sports World News World Business Asia News Network Editorial Viewpoints Voice Parties agree to push for resolution on reunions of separated families The Korea Herald > World Google’s AlphaGo retires on top after humbling world No. 1   Published : 2017-05-28 14:17 Updated : 2017-05-28 14:17 SHANGHAI -- The Google-owned computer algorithm AlphaGo is retiring from playing humans in the ancient Chinese game of Go after roundly defeating the world’s top player this week, its developer said Saturday. AlphaGo defeated brash 19-year-old world number one Ke Jie of China on Saturday to sweep a three-game series that was closely watched as a measure of how far artificial intelligence has come. AlphaGo last year become the first computer programme to beat an elite player in a full Go match, and its successes have been hailed as groundbreaking due to the game’s complexity. This file photo taken on May 25, 2017 shows China`s 19-year-old Go player Ke Jie preparing to make a move during the second match against Google`s artificial intelligence programme AlphaGo in Wuzhen, eastern China`s Zhejiang province. (AFP-Yonhap) Go has an incomputable number of moves, putting a premium on human-like “intuition” and strategy. But this week’s contests in the eastern Chinese city of Wuzhen were its last, said DeepMind Technologies, the London-based AI company that developed AlphaGo and which Google acquired in 2014. In a blog post, DeepMind founder Demis Hassabis said AlphaGo’s developers will turn to “the next set of grand challenges, developing advanced general algorithms that could one day help scientists as they tackle some of our most complex problems.” These could include “finding new cures for diseases, dramatically reducing energy consumption, or inventing revolutionary new materials,” he said. “If AI systems prove they are able to unearth significant new knowledge and strategies in these domains too, the breakthroughs could be truly remarkable. We can’t wait to see what comes next.” Go involves two players laying black and white stones on a grid, trying to capture the most territory. Invented nearly 3,000 years ago in China, it is played worldwide but most popular in East Asia. Top players have been mesmerised by AlphaGo, describing its play as groundbreaking and opening up new ways of approaching the game. Likewise, AlphaGo’s feats have fueled visions of AI that can not only perform pre-programmed tasks, but help humanity look at complex scientific, technical and medical mysteries in new ways. AlphaGo’s “thinking” is powered by millions of connections similar to neurons in the brain. It is partly self-taught, having played millions of games against itself. This week’s matches received considerable build-up in China, where it is popular. But Chinese authorities abruptly banned live coverage before the first match on Tuesday, prompting anger and scorn on Chinese social media. The ban was not explained, but quickly fueled speculation that it was linked to Google‘s tense history with Beijing. Google shut down its website in 2010 in a row over cyberattacks and Chinese censorship, and most of its offerings have remained blocked by authorities. (AFP) 영어뉴스를 통한 ListeningㆍReading 실력 향상 단기 학습 프로그램 [NEST] 1. Parties agree to push for re... 2. New supplier of Korean nat'l... 3. Prime minister renews vow to... 4. S. Korea OKs four more NK co... 5. Korea has room for tax hike:... 6. Midfielder determined to sho... 7. Seoul shares lose ground on ... 8. Black Pink confirms June rel... 9. Over 2,000 Korean firms sell... 10. Moon takes action for income... 1. Terror attacks strike heart ... 2. Moon has more targets in mi... 3. Almost 10,000 Koreans suffer... 4. Son Ga-in claims boyfriend‘... 5. S. Korea rescues 4 N. Korean... 6. Minister: Moon's position on... 7. Park Myung-soo’s wife makes... 8. Brace for more 9. Ruling party, govt. agree on... 10. Big Bang’ T.O.P issues hand... THE HERALD BUSINESS THE KOREA HERALD THE JUNIOR HERALD THE HERALD BUSINESS(USA) HERALD EDU HERALD ARCADEMY SEOUL/BUSAN/MOKPO/GEOJE ENGLISH VILLAGES DIGITAL HERALD HERALD ARTDAY HERALD ECOCHEM Herald Corporation | 주소: Huam-ro 4-gil 10, Yongsan-gu, Seoul, Korea | 제호: The Korea Herald | Online newspaper registration number: Seoul 아03711 Date of registration: 2015.04.28 | Publisher. Editor: Kwon Chung Won | Juvenile Protection Manager: Shin Chang Hoon | Tel : 02)727-0114
Login Anmelden Passwort Premium Melden Sie sich hier als Premium-Nutzer oder als INSIDER an. Kein Log-In? Jetzt Premium-Abo abschließen oder INSIDER werden. Branchenmonitor Premium-eBooks Heftarchiv Exklusive Insider-Ausgaben Marktstudien × Jetzt registrieren!   Schließen Speichern Technologie Business-Software Data Center & Server Digital Lifestyle Notebook & PC Office & Collaboration Software-Infrastruktur Storage Mobile & Apps Netzwerke Web Aktuelle Technologie-Themen: Android Big Data Cloud-Telefonie Excel Internet of Things iPad iPhone-Apps Mobility Management SharePoint Virtualisierung & SD X Windows 10 TecWorkshop Aktuelle Artikel im Überblick: Microsoft Edge unter Windows 10 neu installieren Windows Browser Investitionsrechnung mit Microsoft Excel erstellen Microsoft Office RAM-Verbrauch der Tabs unter Google Chrome begrenzen Browser-Tipp Arbeiten mit IMAP-Konten unter Outlook beschleunigen Outlook 2016 Verschiedene Konfigurationsoptionen für SmartScreen-Filter unter Windows nutzen Windows 10 Eigene Meldungen für Windows-Boot-Bildschirm erstellen Windows 10 Research Aktuelle Artikel im Überblick: Analytics: Gut angelaufen, aber es bleibt viel zu tun IDG Research Services macht den Realitätscheck Was Kiffer in Colorado mit Data Analytics zu tun haben Roundtable zu Real Analytics Industrie 4.0: Große Unternehmen sind Pioniere, Mittelstand muss aufholen Studie „Industrie 4.0“ der COMPUTERWOCHE Industrie 4.0: Die IT-Abteilung gibt den Ton an IDG-Studie "Industrie 4.0" Mehr Nachfrage, mehr Druck Vermittlung von IT-Freiberuflern Digitalisierung fordert auch die IT-Dienstleister heraus COMPUTERWOCHE-Roundtable Management Digital Leader Award Compliance & Recht IT-Macher IT-Strategie IT-Services Security Systemhäuser Aktuelle Management-Themen: Cloud Computing Datensicherheit Digitalisierung IBM Industrie 4.0 IT für Finanzentscheider IT für das Marketing Hewlett-Packard SAP Social Media Telekom Karriere Karriere & Gehalt Freiberufler & Gründer Ratgeber Karriere Young Professional Stellenmarkt CIO des Jahres 2017 gamescom Jobs & Karriere Aktuelle Karriere-Themen: Die besten Arbeitgeber Burnout Bewerbung Existenzgründung Frauen in der IT Gehalt Projektmanagement Work-Life-Balance Zertifizierung Whitepaper Frisch aus der Whitepaper-Datenbank: SD-WAN: Ein Netzwerk für mehrere Zweigstellen Citrix Weitere Infos Direkt zum Download Digitalisierung - Herausforderungen und Chancen Citrix Weitere Infos Direkt zum Download Mehr Whitepaper in der CW Whitepaper-Datenbank Managed Services: 10 Gründe für den Einstieg So nutzen Sie Hybrid Clouds optimal Cloud-Migration: Die 10 wichtigsten Punkte Die richtige Hybrid Cloud Lösung für Anwendungen 6 Tipps für die Wahl des richtigen Cloud-Partners So verhindern Sie APT-Angriffe Cloud Sandboxes: Ransomware und Co. verhindern Security in der Cloud, Mobility und Social Ära Mehr Whitepaper in der CW Whitepaper-Datenbank Events & Webcasts Aktuelle Events & Webcasts im Überblick: Neue Zielgruppen durch Cyber Security-Trainings Kostenloses ChannelPartner-Webinar Höhere Kundenbindung durch Remote Monitoring Channelpartner-Webinar Die Europäische Datenschutzgrundverordnung umsetzen Computerwoche-Webinar Wie der Maschinenbauer GEA seine IT aufstellt Sourcing Day Outsourcen ohne vom Provider abhängig zu werden Sourcing Day, 31. Mai 2017 Wie sich Geschäftsprozesse erfolgreich outsourcen lassen Sourcing Day 2017 Shop Aktuelle Hefte aus dem COMPUTERWOCHE Shop: EU-Datenschutz: Die Uhr tickt! Ausgabe 23-24/2017 Analytics ohne Konsequenzen Ausgabe 21-22/2017 Das Who is who im ITSM-Markt Ausgabe 18-20/2017 Welcome to the Machine Ausgabe 16-17/2017 Direkt zum COMPUTERWOCHE-Shop IDG Experten Experten schreiben für COMPUTERWOCHE - jetzt Experte werden: Die COMPUTERWOCHE arbeitet seit vielen Jahren eng mit einem Netzwerk von Experten zusammen, ohne die wir unsere Themen in der gebotenen Tiefe und Vielfalt kaum abdecken könnten. Dahinter verbergen sich Autoren, die ihr Wissen mit großer Leidenschaft und Fachkompetenz weitergeben. Viele unserer Experten würden gern zu ihrem Fachgebiet mehr Beiträge veröffentlichen, als uns das derzeit möglich ist. Kommen Sie zu uns - als Experte Hot Topics Aktuelles aus den Hot Topics auf COMPUTERWOCHE: -Anzeige- Skalierbares Deep Learning mit HPE-Technologie Künstliche Neuronale Netze „Im CTC machen wir moderne Technologie greifbar“ HPE Customer Technology Center Professionelle Unterstützung bei IoT-Projekten Managed Services für KMU Innovationen mit HPE SAP Digitale Agenda Technologie Business-Software Data Center & Server Digital Lifestyle Notebook & PC Office & Collaboration Software-Infrastruktur Storage Mobile & Apps Netzwerke Web Aktuelle Technologie-Themen: Android Big Data Cloud-Telefonie Excel Internet of Things iPad iPhone-Apps Mobility Management SharePoint Virtualisierung & SD X Windows 10 TecWorkshop Research Management Digital Leader Award Compliance & Recht IT-Macher IT-Strategie IT-Services Security Systemhäuser Aktuelle Management-Themen: Cloud Computing Datensicherheit Digitalisierung IBM Industrie 4.0 IT für Finanzentscheider IT für das Marketing Hewlett-Packard SAP Social Media Telekom Karriere Karriere & Gehalt Freiberufler & Gründer Ratgeber Karriere Young Professional Stellenmarkt CIO des Jahres 2017 gamescom Jobs & Karriere Aktuelle Karriere-Themen: Die besten Arbeitgeber Burnout Bewerbung Existenzgründung Frauen in der IT Gehalt Projektmanagement Work-Life-Balance Zertifizierung Whitepaper Events & Webcasts Shop IDG Experten Hot Topics Innovationen mit HPE SAP Digitale Agenda Login Notebook & PC Online & Browser Die besten Browser-Plugins für Firefox, Chrome & Co. Drucken URL 28.05.2017 Von Peter Stelzel-Morawietz Whatsapp, Mail-Checker, Radio, Übersetzer, Passwörter oder das Wetter sind ein paar Beispiele für praktische Browser-Erweiterungen. PC-WELT stellt Plugins für Chrome, Firefox und Opera vor und zeigt, was Edge künftig kann. Empfehlen Diskutieren Drucken PDF URL Xing LinkedIn Twitter Google+ Facebook Webbrowser oder allgemein auch Browser sind spezielle Computerprogramme zur Darstellung von Webseiten im World Wide Web. So lautet die Begriffsdefinition auf der deutschsprachigen Wikipedia-Seite. Diese ursprüngliche Funktion erledigen die Browser natürlich immer noch, aber eben auch sehr viel mehr. Wie weit man das Browser-zentrierte Konzept treiben kann, demonstriert Google mit seinen vor allem in den USA beliebten Chromebooks . Auf diesen Notebooks mit dem Betriebssystem Chrome OS läuft als einzige Anwendung der Browser, alle weiteren Funktionen erfolgen im Web oder als Erweiterung. Und um genau solche Add-ons geht es im folgenden Artikel, in dem wir Ihnen die besten Browser-Erweiterungen am Windows-PC vorstellen. Anhand von zwei Beispielen möchten wir demonstrieren, wie praktisch die Zusatzprogramme für den Browser sind. Nehmen wir als Erstes den Quasi-Standard-Messenger Whatsapp auf dem Smartphone, und nehmen wir weiterhin an, jemand schreibt Ihnen und fragt Sie etwas, das ein wenig ausführlicher erklärt werden sollte. Auf der Bildschirmtastatur Ihres Smartphones wäre das Antworten recht mühsam, ein erläuternder Anruf vielleicht gerade unpassend. Also bleibt das Beantworten am PC, was dank Browser-Erweiterung und Tippen auf der PC-Tastatur eine Kleinigkeit ist. Ähnlich verhält es sich bei den zahlreichen Download-Helfern für Videoplattformen wie Youtube und Co., denn mit der passenden Extension landet der gestreamte Clip schnell auf der Festplatte. Nun ist Browser allerdings nicht gleich Browser, in Bezug auf die Erweiterungen gilt dies noch einmal mehr. Gerade Microsoft wollte mit seinem neuen Edge vieles besser machen und wirbt im Webstore, den man im Browser über "Erweiterungen -> Erweiterungen aus dem Store abrufen" aufruft, selbstbewusst mit "Optimiere Deinen Browser! Hol Dir diese nützlichen Erweiterungen, die speziell für Microsoft Edge entwickelt wurden." Das Angebot ist jedoch mehr als ernüchternd, nur ein gutes Dutzend lässt sich zum Zeitpunkt dieses Artikels installieren. Verglichen mit jeweils Tausenden von Add-ons für Chrome, Firefox und Opera ist das praktisch nichts. Damit haben wir die mit Abstand wichtigsten Browser bereits genannt. Chrome liegt hierzulande mittlerweile deutlich vor Firefox und der wiederum vor Safari. Weil der Apple-Browser aber besonders auf Rechnern mit Mac-OS Verwendung findet und die Erweiterungen nicht in der Windows-Version funktionieren, gehen wir nicht weiter auf Safari ein. Eine Art Geheimtipp stellt dagegen der in Deutschland nur im Ein-Prozent-Bereich verbreitete Opera dar. Denn zum einen ist der Browser aus Norwegen vergleichsweise schnell und bietet seit Kurzem außerdem sicheres VPN ohne Daten-oder Geschwindigkeitsbegrenzung. Zum anderen lässt sich der Funktionsumfang nicht nur mit fast 2000 Erweiterungen aus dem Opera-eigenen Webstore vergrößern, sondern mit einem Trick zusätzlich um die des Google-Browsers (mehr dazu im Kasten). Opera mit Chrome-Erweiterungen Dass Opera ein ausgezeichneter Browser ist, haben wir eingangs bereits begründet. Erweiterungen lassen sich zum einen über die offizielle Opera Add-on -Seite laden. Wir zeigen Ihnen aber auch, wie Sie die unzähligen Chrome-Add-ons im Opera-Browser nutzen. Installieren Sie Opera auf Ihrem Rechner und rufen Sie anschließend die Webseite mit den offiziellen Erweiterungen auf. Die zur Verfügung stehenden Einträge lassen sich hier wie bei Google und Mozilla gezielt heraussuchen, nach Bewertungen filtern oder durch Stöbern in den Rubriken finden. An die Chrome-Erweiterungen kommen Sie nun mit folgendem Trick: Im gerade geöffneten Opera-Webstore suchen Sie das Add-on „Download Chrome Extension“ und installieren es anschließend über die Schaltfläche „+ Zu Opera hinzufügen“. Öffnen Sie dann im Opera-Browser den Chrome-Webstore aufrufen, links die „Erweiterungen“ markieren und dort einen Eintrag auswählen, erkennt der Installationsserver Opera quasi als Chrome. Ein Klick auf „+ Hinzufügen“ installiert die Erweiterung, allerdings müssen Sie sie in den Erweiterungen mit zweimaligem Klick auf „Installieren“ noch aktivieren, weil sie aus einer vermeintlich unsicheren Quelle stammt und eben nicht aus dem Webstore von Opera. Wichtig: Der Trick funktioniert nur bei den echten Erweiterungen, nicht dagegen bei den Apps aus dem Chrome-Webstore. Der einfache Weg zu Ihren individuell besten Erweiterungen Kaum der Erwähnung wert: Auch Monate nach dem Start des neuen Microsoft-Browsers in Windows 10 stehen kaum Erweiterungen für Edge zur Verfügung. Foto: IDG Vielleicht nutzen Sie Whatsapp gar nicht und wollen auch keine Webvideos speichern! Keine Sorge, bei mehr als 10 000 Erweiterungen für Chrome und Firefox ist garantiert auch für Sie etwas dabei. Alle verfügbaren Hilfsprogramme finden Sie im Webstore des jeweiligen Browsers: Für Google Chrome hier , für Mozilla Firefox hier und für Opera hier . Alle drei Webstores sind ähnlich aufgebaut, Ihre persönlichen Favoriten können Sie dann aus dem anfangs schier unübersichtlichen Angebot auf ganz verschiedene Art und Weise heraussuchen. Da ist zunächst einmal die Freitextsuche. Wenn Sie beispielsweise oft online bei Amazon einkaufen, installieren Sie einfach eine passende Erweiterung für diesen Shop. Genauso gehen Sie beim Musikplayer Spotify, bei der Fernhilfe Teamviewer, beim Onlinespeicher Dropbox sowie bei allem anderen vor, was Sie konkret nutzen. Hilfreich sind des Weiteren die Kategorien, in die die Add-ons thematisch eingruppiert sind: Datenschutz, Sicherheit und Suchwerkzeuge sind nur drei Beispielrubriken. Weil die Auswahl teilweise auch darin noch gewaltig ist, orientieren Sie sich einfach an der Beliebtheit, also an der Anzahl der Downloads und an der Bewertung durch andere Nutzer. Alle Hersteller arbeiten mit einem System von null bis zu fünf Sternen für eine Top-Bewertung. Bei Opera fällt das Stöbern derzeit noch ziemlich schwer, da sich die verschiedenen Filter nicht miteinander kombinieren lassen. Große Hilfen für Kommunikation, Mail und den Büroalltag Pocket heißt zwar nicht mehr wie früher ?Read it later?, der Dienst übernimmt aber noch die gleiche Aufgabe: nämlich das Sammeln von Webinhalten fürs spätere Lesen. Praktisch sind die zahlreichen Mailchecker. Sie zeigen hinter der Adresszeile gleich, ob und wie viele neue Nachrichten Sie haben, ohne dass Sie Ihr Mailprogramm starten oder sich im Webmailer erst anmelden müssten. Diese Add-ons stehen für einzelne Provider wie GMX, Web.de, Gmail, Yahoo oder Microsoft Office 365 zur Verfügung. Es gibt allerdings auch anbieterübergreifende Erweiterungen, zum Beispiel das hervorragende Simple Mail. Bereits erwähnt und für Whatsapp-Nutzer ein Muss ist Whatsapp Desktop. Print Edit und Capture & Print (für Firefox) und Print sowie Print Friendly & PDF helfen dabei, Webinhalte und -seiten vernünftig auszudrucken oder im PDF-Format zu speichern. Bewährt haben sich auch Fireshot (Firefox) und Awesome Screenshot (Chrome, Opera) zum Speichern und Verarbeiten von Webseiteninhalten. Der Evernote Web Clipper vereinfacht die Handhabung des gleichnamigen Notizdienstes. Der Google Translator übersetzt Webseiten aus fremden Sprachen ins Deutsche (oder umgekehrt), Wetterberichte fürs alltägliche Nachsehen gibt es zuhauf. Praktisch ist außerdem die Möglichkeit, Webinhalte zu sammeln und dann später zu lesen: Save to Pocket (früher: Read it later) muss bei Chrome nachinstalliert werden, in Firefox ist Pocket bereits integriert - rechts oben durch ein graues beziehungsweise rotes Icon. Voraussetzung für die Nutzung des Dienstes ist eine Registrierung. Übrigens: Die Sammelfunktion beschränkt sich keineswegs auf Text, sondern umfasst sämtliche Seiteninhalte und Videos. Möchten Sie Texte lieber auf Ihrem E-Book-Reader von Amazon lesen, nutzen Sie die App Push to Kindle oder Send to Kindle. Die Add-ons ePubReader und Readium ermöglichen es in Firefox respektive Chrome, E-Books im Browser am PC zu lesen. Wer oft Begriffe im Online-Lexikon von Wikipedia nachschlägt, der erhält mit der gleichnamigen Erweiterung sofortigen Zugriff. Bing-Google (Firefox) eignet sich für eingefleischte Google-Benutzer, die Erweiterungen leiten selbst von Microsoft fest mit der eigenen Internetsuche verknüpfte Dienste konsequent auf Google um. Sicherheit im Netz, Privatsphäre und Verschlüsselung Lange Zeit äußerst beliebt war die Browser-Erweiterung Web of Trust (WOT). Sie stuft Webseiten als vertrauenswürdig ein, ist aber wegen Datenschutzbedenken nun selbst in die Kritik geraten. Foto: IDG Sicherheit und Internet und damit Sicherheit im Browser gehören unmittelbar zusammen. Viele Jahre war "WOT - sicher surfen", die Erweiterung der Sicherheits-Community Web of Trust, sehr beliebt. Anfang November wurde bekannt, dass WOT ganz offensichtlich Nutzer ausgespäht und Benutzerdaten verkauft hat. Google und Mozilla haben das Add-on daraufhin aus ihren Stores entfernt. Deshalb nutzen Sie besser den McAfee Webadvisor, früher bekannt als McAfee Siteadvisor. Diese Erweiterung zeigt auch auf einen Blick über ein Farbsystem, ob eine Webseite vertrauenswürdig ist oder nicht - und zwar nicht erst, wenn Sie die Webseite aufgerufen haben, sondern bereits in der Trefferliste von Google. Grün heißt gefahrlos, Gelb "Bitte Vorsicht" und Rot warnt ausdrücklich vor möglichen Bedrohungen. Noscript (Firefox) beziehungsweise Noscript Suite Lite (Chrome und Opera) blockieren gefährliche Javascripts, Java-Applets, Flash-so-wie Silverlight-Animationen. Die Freigabe muss manuell erfolgen und gilt nur bis zum Schließen des Browsers, alternativ verwenden Sie eine Positivliste. LastPass verwaltet sicher Ihre Onlinezugänge, und Ghostery weist Sie beim Surfen auf versteckte Dienste hin, die im Hintergrund private Daten an Seitenbetreiber übermitteln, und blockiert diese auf Wunsch. Stealthy erfüllt gleich mehrere Funktionen, unter anderem sorgt das Umleiten über einen Proxy-Server für anonymes Surfen und das Verschleiern der IP-Adresse. Click & Clean löscht den Surfverlauf in Ihrem Browser, wenn Sie diesen schließen. Gelöscht werden außerdem der Cache, Cookies, gespeicherte Formulardaten, Passwörter und einiges mehr. Better Privacy soll vor "Super-Cookies" schützen, steht jedoch lediglich für Firefox zur Verfügung. Wiederum für die drei hier genannten Surftools gibt es HTTPS Everywhere. Damit werden Sie automatisch auf einen verschlüsselten Server desselben Anbieters umgeleitet, sofern ein solcher verfügbar ist und Sie zuerst die unsicherere Variante aufgerufen haben. Mithilfe von Mailvelope schließlich können Sie Ihre E-Mails einfach und sicher "end-to-end" verschlüsseln. Mit Ausnahme von Better Privacy existieren alle der zuletzt genannten Addons in Varianten sowohl für Firefox als auch für Chrome und damit auch für Opera. DownThemAll! DownThemAll! Ist ein genialer Download-Manager für Firefox, der den Download-Vorgang beschleunigt und beste Ordnung in die Downloads bringt. VideoDownloadHelper VideoDownloadHelper erlaubt das bequeme Herunterladen von Youtube-Videos auf die lokale Festplatte. Firebug Firebug fügt Firefox eine Reihe von Web-Entwickler-Tools hinzu, mit denen beispielsweise der Aufruf von CSS-, HTML- und Javascript-Code überwacht werden kann. NoScript Mit der Sicherheits-Erweiterung NoScript lässt sich Javascript für Websites deaktivieren, auch vorübergehend bis zum nächsten Aufruf. FlashGot Mit der Firefox Erweiterung FlashGot binden Sie fast jeden Download-Manager in Firefox ein. Klicken Sie zur Konfiguration nach der Installation mit der rechten Maustaste ins Browser-Fenster und wählen Sie "FlashGot Optionen". Google Translator for Firefox Google Translator for Firefox fügt Firefox einen neuen Kontextmenü-Eintrag hinzu, über den ein aktuell markierter Text schnell und bequem mit Google Translator in die eigene Sprache übersetzt werden kann. <br> Tab Mix Plus Tab Mix Plus erweitert die Tabbed-Browsing-Funktionen von Firefox um Funktionen wie das Duplizieren von Tabs, Kontrolle über das Öffnungsverhalten von Tabs und Fenstern, die Wiederherstellung geschlossener Tabs und vieles mehr. Auto-Sort Bookmarks Das Add-On Auto-Sort Bookmarks ermöglicht eine automatisierte Sortierung der Lesezeichen und bietet noch einige weitere praktische Funktionen, die den Umgang mit Favoriten erleichtern. IE Tab 2 Mittels IE Tab 2 lassen sich Websites innerhalb von Firefox mittels der Internet-Explorer-Engine öffnen. FireFTP FireFTP bietet einen leistungsstarken und sicheren FTP-Client direkt im Browser. Deutsches Wörterbuch Deutsches Wörterbuch (neue Rechtschreibung) fügt Firefox eine Rechtschreibprüfung hinzu, die beispielsweise alle Eingaben in Formularen überprüft. LastPass LastPass ist ein vom Browser unabhängiger und vielseitiger Passwort-Manager mit vielen Extra-Funktionen. So werden beispielsweise auf Wunsch automatisch sichere Passwörter für den Zugang zu einem Dienst generiert und gespeichert. Der Zugang zu allen Passwörtern erfolgt per Master-Passwort. ReminderFox Mit ReminderFox können Sie bequem Ihre Listen mit Erinnerungen und Aufgaben verwalten. Das AddOn erinnert Sie dann direkt im Browser an Ihre Termine. Forecast Weather Das Add-On Forecast Weather blendet in der Statusleiste von Firefox aktuelle Wetterinformationen und eine Wetter-Vorhersage ein. Image Block Mit Image Block können Sie das Laden von Bildern auf Websites verhindern. Dadurch wird das Surfen beschleunigt und die dabei übertragenen Daten reduziert. TinyURL Generator Mit TinyURL Generator kann per Mausklick für einen Link eine Kurz-URL via TinyURL erstellt werden. Außerdem zeigt das Add-On an, wohin eine Tiny-URL führt, wenn man mit dem Mauszeiger über einen solchen Link fährt. FastestFox - Schneller Surfen Surfen Sie schneller durch das Internet, durch die Optimierung gängiger Aufgaben. FastestFox hilft Ihnen nach Informationen zu suchen, in Wikipedia zu stöbern, Ihre Lieblingsseiten zu besuchen, beim Kopieren und Einfügen und vieles mehr. FireShot FireShot ist eine Erweiterung für den Firefox-Browser, die es ermöglicht, direkt aus dem Browser heraus ein Bildschirmfoto der aktuellen Internetseite zu erstellen und auf der Festplatte zu speichern. TV-Fox Mit dem kostenlosen Firefox Plugin TV-FOX erweitern Sie den Browser um eine Fernsehfunktion, mit der Sie gleich mehrere tausend Sender empfangen können. Zotero Mit der Firefox-Erweiterung Zotero lassen sich Zitate, Literaturhinweise und andere Fundstellen im Internet einfach und komfortabel sammeln. McAfee Site Advisor Site Advisor vom Sicherheitsspezialisten McAfee für Firefox- und IE-Explorer hilft Ihnen dabei, sicherer durch das Internet zu surfen. Greasemonkey Ist Greasemonkey unter Firefox installiert, lassen sich Greasemonkey-Scripts in Firefox aufnehmen, indem Sie das Script im Browser öffnen und dann „Extras, Install This User Script“ wählen. AniWeather AniWeather zeigt aktuelle Wetterinfos in Firefox an. Die Darstellung des aktuellen Wetters erfolgt animiert. ColorfulTabs ColorfulTabs färbt die geöffneten Tabs in unterschiedlichen Farben ein und erleichtert es dem Anwender so, den Überblick zu behalten. Download Statusbar Download Statusbar zeigt in der Statusleiste den Stand des aktuellen Downloads an. Angezeigt werden die verbleibende Download-Größe und die noch für den Download benötigte Zeit. FireFTP FireFTP ist ein FTP/SFTP-Client für Firefox. Sie können über FireFTP eine Verbindung zu einem FTP-Verzeichnis erstellen. Unterstützt werden SSL-Verschlüsselung, SFTP, Remote Editing und zahlreiche weitere Funktionen. Flagfox Das Firefox-Add-On Flagfox blendet nach der Installation und dem Neustart des Browsers künftig in der Adresszeile eine Landesflagge an, der der Anwender entnehmen kann, in welchem Land sich der Server der gerade aufgerufenen Website befindet. iMacros Immer wiederkehrende Eingaben können Sie mittels iMacros for Firefox automatisieren. Image Zoom ImageZoom fügt Firefox eine Zoom-Funktion für Bilder hinzu. New Tab King New Tab King ersetzt die langweilige leere Seite, die beim Öffnen eines neuen Tabs standardmäßig angezeigt wird. Stattdessen wird eine vollständig personalisierbare Seite angezeigt, die beispielsweise die kürzlich geschlosssenen Tabs oder die am häufigsten aufgerufenen Websites enthält. Personas Personas sind kostenlose, leicht zu installierende Themes für Firefox, die es leicht machen, das Aussehen von Firefox zu ändern. SpeedDial Beim Öffnen eines neuen Tabs können Sie mit SpeedDial eine Übersicht mit ihren Lieblingswebsites einblenden lassen. Genial: Speed Dial zeigt nicht nur einen Screenshot einer Website auf der Übersichtsseite an, sondern aktualisiert diesen auch auf Wunsch regelmäßig, damit Sie sofort auf der Übersichtsseite erkennen können, ob sich etwas auf der Website getan hat. Außerdem können Sie einen Ausschnitt von der gewünschten Website auswählen, der als Screenshot auf der Übersichtsseite angezeigt und dessen Inhalt ebenfalls regelmäßig aktualisiert werden kann. Ideal also beispielsweise für News-Junkies. Stylish Stylish erlaubt das Anpassen des Aussehens von Websites sowie der Programmoberfläche mit Hilfe eigener CSS-Stile. Web Developer Die Erweiterung Web Developer fügt dem Browser diverse praktische Web-Entwickler-Tools hinzu. FoxTab FoxTab spendiert Firefox eine schicke 3D-Ansicht. Artikel als PDF kaufen Newsletter 'Produkte+Technologien' bestellen! Inhalt dieses Artikels 1 2 Die besten Browser-Plugins für Firefox, Chrome & Co. Alles für Video und Downloads, weitere nützliche Helfer   comments powered by Disqus Aktuelle Jobangebote Cyber Security Consultant (m/w) T-Systems International GmbH System Engineer Development Operations Connected Home (m/w) Deutsche Telekom AG Senior IT-Projektmanager (m/w) operational services GmbH & Co. KG Projektingenieur PLM (m/w) SICK AG IT-Datenschutz-Experte (m/w) CAPCAD SYSTEMS AG Aktuell finden Sie über 500 ausgeschriebene Stellen im CW-Stellenmarkt Kostenlose Newsletter Cloud Computing Digitalisierung Freiberufler & Gründer IT-Management Job+Karriere Mittelstand Mobile Nachrichten mittags Nachrichten morgens Produkte+Technologien SAP-Newsletter Security Software & Cloud Stellenmarkt Wochenrückblick Bestellen ×Close Per E-Mail versenden   Schließen Senden ×Abbrechen Bestellen Sie unseren Newsletter!   Abbrechen Bestellen ×Close Artikel als PDF downloaden   × Über den Autor   Schließen Service Newsletter RSS-Feeds COMPUTERWOCHE Mobile COMPUTERWOCHE auf dem iPad Bilder-Galerien Quiz Aboshop Artikel-Archiv CW im Social Web Facebook XING Twitter Youtube LinkedIn Top-Themen Was ist Cloud Computing für Unternehmen? Tablet PCs: Android, iPad, Samsung und mehr Erfolgreich Arbeiten in Excel: das sind die Profi-Tipps Burnout: Syndrom, Symptome und Behandlung Das bedeutet Big Data für das Data Center Mehr als Thinkpad und Mainframe: Alles zu IBM Windows 10: News, Ratgeber & Tests IoT: Alles über das Internet of Things  Verlag Impressum Datenschutz Werben auf COMPUTERWOCHE Mediadaten Redaktion Leser-Service Nutzungsbasierte Online-Werbung © 2017 IDG Business Media GmbH, München. Alle Rechte vorbehalten. IDG Business Media GmbH, München. Alle Rechte vorbehalten.
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us ... Google Voice updated to 5.2, adds new widgets and call screening [APK Download] Ryne Hager Follow View All Posts 2017/05/23 5:11pm PDTMay 23, 2017 37 Plus 1 on G+ 76 Share on Facebook 65 Share on Twitter Total Shares178 Applications Google News Videos Today Google started rolling out another update to Google Voice, bringing things up to 5.2. The new version of the app brings widgets in three new sizes. It also provides a new setting in the app for the 7-year-old call screening feature. The feature has been around for a while, but you can now enable and disable it via the app. It seems the last few months were no fluke, and Google is committed to keeping Voice updated now that it's been redesigned out of the Holo era.    At first glance, things look the same. The Google Voice app hasn't been redesigned or changed graphically. After all, we did just see a redesign. But, it does have some sweet new features. There are three new widgets and a new option for call screening. The only visual indicator that you'll find in the app of the version change to 5.2 is that new call screening option in the settings menu. You can find it under "Calls," and toggling it enables or disables a pre-call automated message that tells you who is calling, and gives you the option to take the call or ignore it. To be clear, this is the same feature that Google Voice has had for 7 years online, but now we are able to enable and disable it via the app. It is a simple tweak, but a useful one.     There are also the three new widgets, which you can see above and below. The two smaller widgets offer just a couple of options, and the smallest only has one button, which controls which number you call from. You can toggle between four different call modes for Google Voice, and a toast indicator and. These are the same four that were present in previous versions of Google Voice. Namely the ability to set Google Voice for all calls, the SIM for all calls, Google Voice for international calls only, or to ask each time. They might be the same options as before, but now it's much easier to switch between them, as you don't have to open the app every time you might want to change it. The middle-sized widget adds two more buttons. You get a do not disturb mode toggle and a messaging shortcut to the app. Both of the widgets are resizable, and each one turns into the other if you adjust it to meet the other's parameters.    The third widget is the big one, and I have expanded it in the images here past the default size to show things off. It basically brings all the functionality of the app over into your homescreen. You can see missed messages, calls, and voicemails, with a tab at the bottom for each. The same outgoing call and do not disturb toggles are present, though they are larger and include text indicators. You also get the messaging shortcut, and it shows you your Google Voice number in the corner, should you be the forgetful type. The new update started rolling out yesterday, though not everyone seems to have gotten it. I have not, but I was able to install the latest version manually. If you don't see the most recent version on Google Play, feel free to pull it down via APKMirror. Download QR-Code Google Voice Developer: Google Inc. Price: Free Tags apk download call screening Google Voice update video widgets subscribe ... Previous Story 31 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/17/17 - 5/23/17) ... Next Story PayPal integration in Android Pay is going live Trending 78 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 88 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 Comments Billy Presley "WOULD YOU LIKE SOME MAKING FUCK, ..." Phenomenal Kyle Gospodnetich Life changing yochanan ...BERSERKER! Gailjrobinson Google is paying 97$ per hour! Work for few hours & have longer with friends and family! !sv133c: On tuesday I got a great new Land Rover Range Rover from having earned $8752 this last four weeks.. Its the most-financialy rewarding I've had.. Follow this link for more information !sv133c: ➽➽ ➽➽;➽➽ http://GoogleFinancialCashJobs423TopFishGetPaid$97/Hour... ★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫::::::!sv133c:....,....... Ryne Hager MY LOVE FOR YOU IS LIKE A TRUCK. darrsil Does this fix the voicemails not updating in the Google Phone app? This broke after the Voice redesign. Jeremy Couch This is all I want to know too! I guess I'll try it and report back. Jeremy Couch It's still missing. I'll restart and check again but doesn't look like good news. Ryne Hager Nah, it is still missing. abqnm First being able to finally f*n type to assistant and, and now this, the second major release for Google Voice, all in one week? I/O time does have some benefits. Carson Saldanha Wait, Voice now works with Assistant?! abqnm No, I don't think so. Maybe. Haven't tried, sorry. But what I was talking about us that you can now type to Google assistant instead of having to use your voice. When it replaced Google Now, it made the home button shortcut that used to allow easy access to searching by text go to Assistant, which was voice only. But Google finally, after many horrible months as fixed this by adding a keyboard popup in Assistant. And then the Voice app gets an update, so I was relating the too because both of these were very long-awaited updates. Though the screen calls one was like a decade old, but it finally came. The keyboard was only 3 months, but it was a considerably more important feature. WitnessG What is that circle icon in the status bar? Devin Rodriguez ✓ʳᵃᵈ Looks like battery, which is a little redundant. WitnessG Is it part of O or is it a rooted feature cause I think it looks nicer than the regular battery icon. Roh_Mish Nope. Rooted feature. davidofmidnight Now if they would put some effort into accurate transcriptions... Adam Margeson Put some effort into? You should hear the quality of their source material. They've come a *long* way, especially the last couple years. Santos Chavez They have, I've had Google Voice for years and it used to be laughably horrible, but it's vastly improved since then. Even the recent Spanish transcription that was added gets 90% of what was said right. andy_o wth, finally added Spanish? Is it recognized automatically? Santos Chavez Yep, it recognizes it automatically from what I've seen. Haven't explicitly let GV know in any way that someone tends to speak in Spanish when they leave me voicemails, yet it's transcribed them in Spanish anyway, getting about 90% of it right on average. Devin Rodriguez ✓ʳᵃᵈ I mean, it's certainly better, but I still get some pretty amusing transcriptions every now and then. Devin Rodriguez ✓ʳᵃᵈ That third blurred out face looks so familiar... Ryne Hager He's just some dick from AP comments. hp-fourtwenty multiple account control!!!!!!!!! Adam Margeson Except they've got it in their terms of use that you only have a single Google voice account. jcopernicus Been there since the last major update, and it's broken if you DONT want an account signed in, as it will randomly try to go through the setup. gvanmeter I hope they fixed photos getting turned sideways after being sent and the lack of 3gppp video support. jcopernicus Still no voip? oh Erick Wright Would be nice if we can make this the default SMS app destinyhud would be nice but then after 2 years google will remove it. so why even bother mama1nana I wonder when Google will allow Google Assistant to send GV sms. keithzg Obligatory "why can't we have this in Canada?" (Hilariously enough, I had a phone number that would have worked for this, but it got taken away by the corrupt right-wing provincial government for hilariously dumb and self-serving reasons years before Google Voice became available.) Justin Bassett Now if only those on Project Fi could use it.... www_LAAG_us Sounds like everyone has same complaints I do. C'mon google make some substantive changes. Im tired of little silly stuff and window dressing..oh wait thats right google engineers do what they want to do not what users want. sorry Jeffrey Linton Thanks Ryne for the info. MattBoan I'm still waiting for them to unify Voice and Hangouts. Well. Mostly just the VoIP feature that for some reason is allowed on Hangouts, but not the friggin' official Google Voice app. They've been saying it is "coming soon" for months if not years now. www_LAAG_us Amen to that sam1331 "Your suffering waiting on Google will not go unnoticed, and will be rewarded in the next life!" - A recovering 6-year Google Voice user I don't know why Google is putting more focus on Google Voice these days, but I suspect it will still be treated as a second class citizen as it always has, with its users always hoping Google will smile upon them and finally make it awesome. It's always one update away... Nexus✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ Still no outgoing calls from the app (voip) forced to use carrier minutes to place calls. On iOS you have been able to for quite a while. Means on Android the hangouts dialer and hangouts stats installed. Sigh. destinyhud well u have hangouts dialer to make voip calls using google voice number. so u r not without an option. I am waiting for them to add that feature to google voice and then i will uninstall hangout dialer rap I've been getting more frustrated with Google Voice lately. It takes forever to connect and now about half the time, the call doesn't go through and I have to try a second time or use my sim card # which confuses people. I'm trying to figure out if it is related to my phone being connected to a wifi that requires a sign in (like a public wifi) or maybe just a week wifi. Po Lite My guess is you have shotty internet at those times. I hope this was fixed in this version 5.2 but ever since 5.0 was released Google Voice requires internet to make phone calls if you don't believe me try it. Turn off WiFi and Mobile Data reboot phone and you will not be able to make a call with Google Voice. Then go to APK Mirror and download any 4.x version and do the same thing and it works every time. I tried to convert to the new google voice and give up on hangouts but I go to areas where cell is ok but 3G and LTE are bad and Google Voice 5.x will fail on dialing. So I changed back to Google Voice 4.x and works like a charm. So now I am back on Google Voice version 0.4.7.10 and Hangouts for SMS. oh well hope it gets fixed. BTW this problem exists on three different phones 1 AT&T and 2 T-Mobile. rap I got an email with a helpful reply from Po Lite but I don't see it showing up here. It sounded like exactly the problem I am having. I will sum up what it said: Since version 5.0, internet access (wifi or mobile data) is required to make a GV call. Po Lite had this same problem and reverted back to GV version 0.4.7.10 so could make calls where have cell reception but no data. andy_o Google Voice calling always required internet only for the first call to any number. After that, all subsequent calls to that particular number won't require it. atc-tech Nice! The call screening thing is one of the features I was really missing from the app! I like the new app and I have been using it for SMS every since it came out. It's better than Allo because I can use it across multiple devices (tablet, phone, work phone) and it has an web client version on the website! What I really wish I could do now is use Google Assistant to send SMS via Google Voice with no workaround or "ghost" numbers. Also, VOIP calling from within the app. xyz Still US-only. Still don't give a fuck about voice. Follow Android Police 1.49M 472k 145k 119k Latest Deals 9 [Deal Alert] Chromecast Ultra is $59.99 ($10 off) at Google Store, Best Buy, B&H and others 2017/06/04 12:16pm PDTJun 4, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] Google Home is $109 ($20 off) at Best Buy, Google Store, B&H, and others 2017/06/04 10:07am PDTJun 4, 2017 12 [Deal Alert] Kick off the weekend with 24 temporarily free and 52 on-sale apps 2017/06/03 6:50pm PDTJun 3, 2017 18 [Deal Alert] Get a Nextbit Robin for $129.99 on eBay 2017/06/03 9:39am PDTJun 3, 2017 33 [Deal Alert] A Stork's Journey is currently free on Google Play Movies & TV 2017/06/01 10:50pm PDTJun 1, 2017 Latest Poll How many photos are on your Google Photos account? Under 100 100-999 1,000-2,499 2,500-4,999 5,000-9,999 10,000-19,999 20,000-39,999 More than 40,000. View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 67 Asus ZenFone 3 Zoom review: A promising phone that falls victim to bad software and cut corners 2017/05/31 2:21pm PDTMay 31, 2017 113 AOSPA (Paranoid Android) review: back from the dead, and we're thrilled 2017/05/31 9:47am PDTMay 31, 2017 29 Tag Heuer Connected Modular 45 review: It seems like $1,500 should get you more 2017/05/29 9:57am PDTMay 29, 2017 74 [Update, G+ Post] Francisco Franco makes his productivity timer 5217 free to try 2017/05/16 10:01am PDTMay 16, 2017 290 HTC U11 hands-on: HTC gets a little closer to the mark 2017/05/16 12:02am PDTMay 16, 2017 Latest Roundups 13 29 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/24/17 - 5/31/17) 2017/05/31 10:20am PDTMay 31, 2017 8 10 new and notable Android apps from the last week (5/23/17 - 5/29/17) 2017/05/29 12:49pm PDTMay 29, 2017 13 31 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/17/17 - 5/23/17) 2017/05/23 3:06pm PDTMay 23, 2017 16 12 new and notable Android apps and live wallpapers from the last week (5/16/17 - 5/22/17) 2017/05/22 12:48pm PDTMay 22, 2017 16 29 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/10/17 - 5/16/17) 2017/05/16 4:22pm PDTMay 16, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 18 Boost for Reddit removed from Play Store for alleged promotion of drugs, still not back after a week 2017/06/04 4:25pm PDTJun 4, 2017 112 Weekend poll: How many photos are synced to your Google Photos account? 2017/06/04 3:44pm PDTJun 4, 2017 28 Tasker beta v5 brings a fresh Material Design look and a huge list of other changes 2017/06/03 7:27pm PDTJun 3, 2017 12 [Deal Alert] Kick off the weekend with 24 temporarily free and 52 on-sale apps 2017/06/03 6:50pm PDTJun 3, 2017 76 Samsung uploads its Device Maintenance tool to the Play Store 2017/06/03 6:01pm PDTJun 3, 2017 Blast from the Past 60 1 Year Ago Today More Motorola Leaks: 'Style Mod' Replaceable Covers For The Moto X/Z And DROID Come In A Variety Of Materials 2016/06/04 12:27pm PDTJun 4, 2016 40 2 Years Ago Today Chrome Beta v44 Comes With Improvements To 'Native App' And 'Add To Homescreen' Banners, New Push API Features, And More [APK Download] 2015/06/04 5:14pm PDTJun 4, 2015 129 3 Years Ago Today YouTube v5.7 For Android Finally Lets You Select Exact Streaming Quality, As Long As It's 720p Or Lower [APK Download] 2014/06/04 6:16pm PDTJun 4, 2014 3 4 Years Ago Today Google Posts Glass XE6 Factory Image For Your Flashing Pleasure 2013/06/04 8:31pm PDTJun 4, 2013 16 5 Years Ago Today [Update: Pre-Orders Are Live] Sprint Announces The Galaxy S III Available June 21, Pre-Orders Start June 5 - $199 For 16GB, $249 For 32GB 2012/06/04 10:55pm PDTJun 4, 2012 327 6 Years Ago Today [Book Giveaway #2] Looking To Get Into Android Development? We're Giving Away "Hello, Android" To A Lucky Reader 2011/06/04 7:16pm PDTJun 4, 2011 2 7 Years Ago Today HTC EVO 4G OTA Update Comes Out In Time For Launch, Fixes SD Card Problems, Patches Security Issues, But Disables Root - Available Via WiFi As Well 2010/06/04 6:44pm PDTJun 4, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 112 Weekend poll: How many photos are synced to your Google Photos account? 2017/06/04 3:44pm PDTJun 4, 2017 35 It's not just you—there's a widespread Google Home outage 2017/06/04 12:04pm PDTJun 4, 2017 61 Samsung opens up its browser to some non-Samsung devices on the Play Store 2017/06/04 10:30am PDTJun 4, 2017 29 Motorola rolling out Android 7.1.1 to the Moto Z Play 2017/06/04 8:45am PDTJun 4, 2017 18 Boost for Reddit removed from Play Store for alleged promotion of drugs, still not back after a week 2017/06/04 4:25pm PDTJun 4, 2017 Last 7 Days 28 Google Photos v2.16 prepares to upgrade the camera shortcut, suggest photos to archive, and more [APK Teardown + Download] 2017/05/31 11:36pm PDTMay 31, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] Here are 38 temporarily free and 72 on-sale apps, plus both 0.10 Apps of the Week 2017/05/31 2:08pm PDTMay 31, 2017 501 [Update: New details plus Andy Rubin interview] The Essential phone is official, with an edge-to-edge display and the world's smallest 360-degree camera accessory 2017/05/30 7:48am PDTMay 30, 2017 76 Samsung uploads its Device Maintenance tool to the Play Store 2017/06/03 6:01pm PDTJun 3, 2017 24 Plex Live TV is now available for all Plex Pass subscribers, tuner required 2017/06/01 6:00am PDTJun 1, 2017 Last 30 Days 78 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 88 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 28 Google Photos v2.16 prepares to upgrade the camera shortcut, suggest photos to archive, and more [APK Teardown + Download] 2017/05/31 11:36pm PDTMay 31, 2017 94 The Play Store adopts new app and notification icons with v7.8.16 [APK Download] 2017/05/10 6:25pm PDTMay 10, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Advertise | Contact 125 queries | 0.436s | forge Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us ... [Deal Alert] Several movies and TV episodes on Google Play are on sale for Memorial Day Ryne Hager Follow View All Posts 2017/05/27 6:37pm PDTMay 27, 2017 56 Plus 1 on G+ 132 Share on Facebook 48 Share on Twitter Total Shares236 Deals Google News If your Memorial Day weekend plans are being ruined by poor weather, Google has an offer for you. It recently tossed up a little holiday sale on movies and TV shows over on Google Play, including some deals that are over 50% off their regular prices. So if you can't go camping or throw that family barbecue because of rain, at least you and your loved ones can snuggle up inside while you binge watch The Wire. It'll be good for little Johnny's character. Among the better movie collections being offered are The Lord of the Rings Trilogy for $20, the Back to the Future Trilogy for $15, and "The Best of Tarantino" six-movie collection for $30. The latter includes one of my favorite cheesy horror movies, From Dusk Till Dawn. The TV selection has a lot of solid HBO shows — if you don't happen to have HBO Go — as well as the complete X-Files for $50, American Horror Story seasons 1-5 for $60 and the amazing Kung Fu series in its entirety for $30. For more family-oriented deals there are a ton of shows from Nickelodeon, as well as a small number of animated children's film collections. You know what? The outdoors are over-rated. Who would want to spend a weekend outside with their loving family when they could spend days forcing their children to appreciate their favorite childhood movies. Let's face it, in the long run, your kids will thank you. Source: Google Play (1, 2) Tags deal alert google play memorial day movies sale tv subscribe ... Previous Story Google for Jobs going live for some people ... Next Story [Deal Alert] $1 Google Play movie rental (ends July 7th) Trending 78 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 88 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 Comments me me still seem expensive for what they are... Devin Rodriguez ✓ʳᵃᵈ It's true. All movies should be free for everyone. No company should want to make money. me me didnt say should be free. Just said expensive for what they are. Older films.... and things I've already seen or don't want to see. Eric Braun Then don't buy, problem solved. me me Correct. So they get no money which is less than if they charged less for them to intersect the value. Patrick Smithopolis And all phones should be dirt cheap so the manufacturers don't make any money and their companies go under. Devin Rodriguez ✓ʳᵃᵈ And also high end. I want the newest Qualcomm Snapdragon, Gorilla Glass 5, a 4k 5.5" screen, 3000 mAh battery, IP97 waterproofing, and all for $100. That shouldn't be that hard, right? splus I bet this is your favorite movie - http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1679335/ (Trolls) Devin Rodriguez ✓ʳᵃᵈ That movie is amazing. Trust me, I know movies. I know the best movies, terrific movies. I have the best movies, but there is no better movie than Trolls. xyz My fav movie is You're a Cunt. ethd Ooooo, got 'im! Devin Rodriguez ✓ʳᵃᵈ My god, I've seen the light. You have quite thoroughly dashed my hopes and dreams. Matt Because X-Files and Back the Future are the latest and greatest movies and TV shows, right? Devin Rodriguez ✓ʳᵃᵈ Exactly. Greatest movies and shows of all time. Nothing can compare. Truly works of art. xyz Go fuck yourself. Or better, let a Hollywood producer do it....for a fee of course. Devin Rodriguez ✓ʳᵃᵈ Brutal. Savage. Rekt. -Matoro Zeliph- Yeah, these (old) digital movies are pretty expensive than the physical bundle dvds you find at Walmart. You would think that digital (old) movies would be cheaper than the physical disc! Daniellejbergeron Google is paying 97$ per hour! Work for few hours & have longer with friends and family! !dw174c: On tuesday I got a great new Land Rover Range Rover from having earned $8752 this last four weeks.. Its the most-financialy rewarding I've had.. Follow this link for more information !dw174c: ➽➽ ➽➽;➽➽ http://GoogleFinancialCashJobs464MarketFlightGetPaid$97/Hour... ★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫::::::!dw174c:....,..... Christopher Phillips I work from comfort of my house, by doing hassle-free projects that solely demands from you a Laptop and on-line connection and Now I am more successful than before... After half a year on this job opportunity and i obtained cash in total 36,000 dollars... Basically I make up close to eighty bucks/h and also work for three to four hrs every single day.And marvelous point about this work is usually that you can also supervise time whenever you do the job and for just how long as you may prefer and you generate a check week by week.>>>> learn by clicking here how to do it right now -Matoro Zeliph- Shut up 4Ui812 That's because they are. As for the jackals that are knocking your comment ; they fail to grasp the concept. Kristinatskaggs Google is paying 97$ per hour! Work for few hours & have longer with friends and family! !dq75c: On tuesday I got a great new Land Rover Range Rover from having earned $8752 this last four weeks.. Its the most-financialy rewarding I've had.. Follow this link for more information !dq75c: ➽➽ ➽➽;➽➽ http://GoogleFinancialCashJobs365DirectRockGetPaid$97/Hour... ★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫::::::!dq75c:....,....... Travis Simerly I think you made John Galt mad. Travis Simerly It's definitely too expensive for a movie that doesn't even have 5.1 sound. I had 5.1 when I watched The Fellowship on a CRT TV. Will you have to buy another digital copy again to get better than stereo? You definitely will have to purchase again for a 4K digital copy. lm_a_dope Seems expensive to me. Alex Louderback My seams in my shirt aren't very expensive, you must buy fancy seams Juniors234 i see what you did there... lm_a_dope Hey I was typing on a phone and fixed it in less than 10s, stop being a ass. FelschR an ass* Stephen B Morris I wish Google would let me pay the difference to upgrade to the UHD version. I also wish they would create a UHD section. Tai Ch Play verry helpful Follow Android Police 1.49M 472k 145k 119k Latest Deals 9 [Deal Alert] Chromecast Ultra is $59.99 ($10 off) at Google Store, Best Buy, B&H and others 2017/06/04 12:16pm PDTJun 4, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] Google Home is $109 ($20 off) at Best Buy, Google Store, B&H, and others 2017/06/04 10:07am PDTJun 4, 2017 12 [Deal Alert] Kick off the weekend with 24 temporarily free and 52 on-sale apps 2017/06/03 6:50pm PDTJun 3, 2017 18 [Deal Alert] Get a Nextbit Robin for $129.99 on eBay 2017/06/03 9:39am PDTJun 3, 2017 33 [Deal Alert] A Stork's Journey is currently free on Google Play Movies & TV 2017/06/01 10:50pm PDTJun 1, 2017 Latest Poll How many photos are on your Google Photos account? Under 100 100-999 1,000-2,499 2,500-4,999 5,000-9,999 10,000-19,999 20,000-39,999 More than 40,000. View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 67 Asus ZenFone 3 Zoom review: A promising phone that falls victim to bad software and cut corners 2017/05/31 2:21pm PDTMay 31, 2017 113 AOSPA (Paranoid Android) review: back from the dead, and we're thrilled 2017/05/31 9:47am PDTMay 31, 2017 29 Tag Heuer Connected Modular 45 review: It seems like $1,500 should get you more 2017/05/29 9:57am PDTMay 29, 2017 74 [Update, G+ Post] Francisco Franco makes his productivity timer 5217 free to try 2017/05/16 10:01am PDTMay 16, 2017 290 HTC U11 hands-on: HTC gets a little closer to the mark 2017/05/16 12:02am PDTMay 16, 2017 Latest Roundups 13 29 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/24/17 - 5/31/17) 2017/05/31 10:20am PDTMay 31, 2017 8 10 new and notable Android apps from the last week (5/23/17 - 5/29/17) 2017/05/29 12:49pm PDTMay 29, 2017 13 31 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/17/17 - 5/23/17) 2017/05/23 3:06pm PDTMay 23, 2017 16 12 new and notable Android apps and live wallpapers from the last week (5/16/17 - 5/22/17) 2017/05/22 12:48pm PDTMay 22, 2017 16 29 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/10/17 - 5/16/17) 2017/05/16 4:22pm PDTMay 16, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 18 Boost for Reddit removed from Play Store for alleged promotion of drugs, still not back after a week 2017/06/04 4:25pm PDTJun 4, 2017 112 Weekend poll: How many photos are synced to your Google Photos account? 2017/06/04 3:44pm PDTJun 4, 2017 28 Tasker beta v5 brings a fresh Material Design look and a huge list of other changes 2017/06/03 7:27pm PDTJun 3, 2017 12 [Deal Alert] Kick off the weekend with 24 temporarily free and 52 on-sale apps 2017/06/03 6:50pm PDTJun 3, 2017 76 Samsung uploads its Device Maintenance tool to the Play Store 2017/06/03 6:01pm PDTJun 3, 2017 Blast from the Past 60 1 Year Ago Today More Motorola Leaks: 'Style Mod' Replaceable Covers For The Moto X/Z And DROID Come In A Variety Of Materials 2016/06/04 12:27pm PDTJun 4, 2016 40 2 Years Ago Today Chrome Beta v44 Comes With Improvements To 'Native App' And 'Add To Homescreen' Banners, New Push API Features, And More [APK Download] 2015/06/04 5:14pm PDTJun 4, 2015 129 3 Years Ago Today YouTube v5.7 For Android Finally Lets You Select Exact Streaming Quality, As Long As It's 720p Or Lower [APK Download] 2014/06/04 6:16pm PDTJun 4, 2014 3 4 Years Ago Today Google Posts Glass XE6 Factory Image For Your Flashing Pleasure 2013/06/04 8:31pm PDTJun 4, 2013 16 5 Years Ago Today [Update: Pre-Orders Are Live] Sprint Announces The Galaxy S III Available June 21, Pre-Orders Start June 5 - $199 For 16GB, $249 For 32GB 2012/06/04 10:55pm PDTJun 4, 2012 327 6 Years Ago Today [Book Giveaway #2] Looking To Get Into Android Development? We're Giving Away "Hello, Android" To A Lucky Reader 2011/06/04 7:16pm PDTJun 4, 2011 2 7 Years Ago Today HTC EVO 4G OTA Update Comes Out In Time For Launch, Fixes SD Card Problems, Patches Security Issues, But Disables Root - Available Via WiFi As Well 2010/06/04 6:44pm PDTJun 4, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 112 Weekend poll: How many photos are synced to your Google Photos account? 2017/06/04 3:44pm PDTJun 4, 2017 35 It's not just you—there's a widespread Google Home outage 2017/06/04 12:04pm PDTJun 4, 2017 61 Samsung opens up its browser to some non-Samsung devices on the Play Store 2017/06/04 10:30am PDTJun 4, 2017 29 Motorola rolling out Android 7.1.1 to the Moto Z Play 2017/06/04 8:45am PDTJun 4, 2017 18 Boost for Reddit removed from Play Store for alleged promotion of drugs, still not back after a week 2017/06/04 4:25pm PDTJun 4, 2017 Last 7 Days 28 Google Photos v2.16 prepares to upgrade the camera shortcut, suggest photos to archive, and more [APK Teardown + Download] 2017/05/31 11:36pm PDTMay 31, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] Here are 38 temporarily free and 72 on-sale apps, plus both 0.10 Apps of the Week 2017/05/31 2:08pm PDTMay 31, 2017 501 [Update: New details plus Andy Rubin interview] The Essential phone is official, with an edge-to-edge display and the world's smallest 360-degree camera accessory 2017/05/30 7:48am PDTMay 30, 2017 76 Samsung uploads its Device Maintenance tool to the Play Store 2017/06/03 6:01pm PDTJun 3, 2017 24 Plex Live TV is now available for all Plex Pass subscribers, tuner required 2017/06/01 6:00am PDTJun 1, 2017 Last 30 Days 78 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 88 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 28 Google Photos v2.16 prepares to upgrade the camera shortcut, suggest photos to archive, and more [APK Teardown + Download] 2017/05/31 11:36pm PDTMay 31, 2017 94 The Play Store adopts new app and notification icons with v7.8.16 [APK Download] 2017/05/10 6:25pm PDTMay 10, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Advertise | Contact 118 queries | 0.381s | nexus2 Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
Club MacStoriesWeekly Extras MENU ABOUT PODCAST NEWSLETTER ADVERTISE SECTIONS APP REVIEWS IPAD DIARIES STORIES APPLE HISTORY IOS AUTOMATION GAMES Readdle Brings Split View Drag & Drop to Their iPad Apps iOS 11: iPad Wishes and Concept Video Things 3: Beauty and Delight in a Task Manager This week's sponsor Trails Your GPS Tracker and Logbook for iPhone & Apple Watch A Year of Google Maps & Apple Maps→ Linked By Federico Viticci Justin O'Beirne is back with another in-depth analysis of Google Maps and Apple Maps, with a focus on how Google has taken a different approach over the past year: Shortly after I published my Cartography Comparison last June, I noticed Google updating some of the areas we had focused on: Coincidence or not, it was interesting. And it made me wonder what else would change, if we kept watching. Would Google keep adding detail? And would Apple, like Google, also start making changes? So I wrote a script that takes monthly screenshots of Google and Apple Maps.1 And thirteen months later, we now have a year’s worth of images. The screenshot comparisons in his post perfectly demonstrate Google's iteration and Apple's relative stagnation. Speaking from personal experience, Google Maps has considerably improved in my area in the past year, while Apple Maps has remained essentially the same. Which isn't to say that Apple Maps is bad – Google simply has an edge over local business information and they're evolving at a faster pace than Apple. To me, Apple Maps looks and feels nicer; Google Maps seems smarter and it has modern features I'd like Apple to add. I wonder what Apple has in store for WWDC and if they should consider separating Maps from their monolithic software release cycle in the summer. (See also: O'Beirne in May and June 2016.) Source: justinobeirne.com Tags: Apple Maps, google maps, maps ABOUT PODCAST NEWSLETTER ADVERTISE Code by Alessandro Vendruscolo | Design by Silvia Gatta | Hosted by MacStadium | Acknowledgements Copyright 2017 MacStories. All rights reserved. v4.3.7
VietNamNet New ABOUT US | VIETNAMESE | RSS | Update 05/06/2017 12:12:03 (GMT+7) VietNamNet | TuanVietNam | vef.vn | 2Sao | TintucOnline | Vland | Thể thao Home Special Reports Vietnam In Photos What’s On Vietnam Reference Search Government Business Society Art & Entertainment Travel Education Science & IT Environment Sports World News Your Vietnam Odd News Vietnam's marine sovereignty   society Last update 10:19 | 28/05/2017    FacebookTwitter addthis_button_compactSend EmailPrinter Google to help 30,000 farmers use internet Around 30,000 farmers across nine provinces in the country will get support from Google over the next three years to learn to use the internet for their work. Lai Xuan Mon, chairman of Viet Nam Farmers’ Union, speaks at a workshop being held for the union staff to enhance their computer and smartphone skills.  Google announced this support initiative today during the launch workshop of a project aimed at enhancing the computer and smartphone skills of Việt Nam Farmers’ Union staffers. Google will help the union train 500 staffers and 40 trainers, who will then go on to teach 10,000 farmers through offline sessions. This activity is expected to benefit another 20,000 farmers through online training programmes. The nine provinces include Lai Châu, Bắc Giang, Nam Định, Nghệ An, Lâm Đồng, Bình Phước, Đồng Tháp, Tiền Giang and Bạc Liêu. The company believes that IT can help solve some of the greatest and most complex challenges, including improving economic efficiency in agricultural production, Google’s representative said, adding that it would make a difference to a sector threatened by urbanisation and climate change. Nitin Gajria, Google’s country manager for Việt Nam, said the company hopes farmers will be able to improve cultivation and farming techniques, increase productivity, and access useful information in their daily lives through the internet. Lại Xuân Môn, chairman of Việt Nam Farmers’ Union, appreciated Google’s support and said the initiative is practical and meaningful. It will contribute towards accelerating the use of scientific and advanced technology in agricultural production and business, and help in the agricultural sector restructuring, Môn added. VNS Google to help 30,000 farmers use internet, social news, vietnamnet bridge, english news, Vietnam news, news Vietnam, vietnamnet news, Vietnam net news, Vietnam latest news, vn news, Vietnam breaking news   Name: * Email from: * Email to: * Messages:     Send      Read on Social News 27/5 Korean tourist drown in beach of Da Nang Electric power lines going underground in HCM City Hanoi needs more integrated transport Man prosecuted for murder of Vietnamese girl in Chiba prefecture Action month for children 2017 launched Dance your fingers with Macramé knots Old man turns trash into green, profitable treasure Disabled woman founds first audiolibrary for the blind Association fined for misleading information on fish sauce     Top Stories Tam Thanh - the fishing village of murals $4.4 billion enough to build hi-tech agriculture in Vietnam? Made-in-Vietnam radioactive drugs cannot meet demand Parents worry about children's safety at school Ly Son – the pearl in blue sea Must-see old assembly halls in Hoi An The nouveau riche in the real estate market Digital device distributors march toward rural areas Two dollar billionaires: does Vietnam need more? Mid-end smartphone segment cramped with many players Latest News MoLISA must re-examine vocational training centres HCM City launches digital traffic app Tight security and tears at benefit concert for Manchester bomb victims After London attack, Facebook says aims to be 'hostile environment' for terrorists Dollar dented by jobs miss, London attacks hurt sterling; stocks subdued In shadow of deadly attacks, British election campaign resumes French photographer to open photo exhibition in Da Nang Table tennis tourney for VN diaspora held in Hungary Fireworks Fest names final three Viet Nam, China to co-host int’l cycling race     RssIN FOCUS Indonesia transport plane crash kills at least five The debate about Nem Thuong pig-chopping ritual Vietnam International Fashion Week 2014 review The China-Philippines dispute in the East Sea Overview of the East Sea Dispute The East Sea disputes Legendary General Vo Nguyen Giap The sadness of heritage Human resources training for healthcare in trouble Analyzing Vietnam-China trade relations PrevNext   Home | Advertising | Weblink | Contact Us VNN © Copyright of VIETNAMNET Bridge Tel: 04.37722792 Fax: 04.37722882, Email: evnn@vietnamnet.vn
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us ... Google family groups make it easy to share photos, calendars, Keep, YouTube TV, and more Ryan Whitwam Follow View All Posts 2017/05/23 12:06pm PDTMay 23, 2017 90 Plus 1 on G+ 96 Share on Facebook 50 Share on Twitter Total Shares236 Google News Google has added a number of family-oriented features in recent years, and now it's bringing it all together under "family groups." This feature plugs into family sharing for YouTube TV, Google Play Family Library, and adds easy family sharing to a few other Google services. Setting up a family group is easy, but there are a few restrictions. To set up a family group, just head to the Google family page. You might already have a family set up if you've used YouTube TV of Google Play Family Library. If not, you can create and manage one from there. Google Keep and Photos are included by default, but nothing is shared automatically. These services simply get a handy link to share notes or photos with all members of the family group. Some setup is required for Google Play Family Library, Play Music family plans, YouTube TV, Google Calendar, and Family Link. The page has links to all those. Families can have as many as six members (including you), and you can only be in one Google family group at a time. Make sure you know what you're getting into before joining someone's family group—you can only change your family group membership once every 12 months. Note, family features for Google Calendar, Google Keep, and Google Photos are only available in Australia, Brazil, Canada, France, Germany, Ireland, Italy, Japan, Mexico, New Zealand, Russia, Spain, United Kingdom, and the United States. Source: Google Tags family family groups Google google family groups sharing subscribe ... Previous Story [Update: 70% of US employees let go] LeEco founder Jia Yueting steps down as CEO of public unit ... Next Story The latest SwiftKey beta adds support for Cantonese and other new typing languages, plus more ... Trending 78 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 88 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 Comments Wayne Schulz Does not support G-Suite accounts https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/c3df4db2851b98785986c57f3a6ea6eb8c749acd6b8da647528119f6d860076a.jpg Christopher Bement Usually par for the course as far as these things go. It'll probably get support in half a year or so (speculating) if at all. Justin Osborne Doubtful. They haven't added Play Family Sharing... so I can't share movies/music/apps/etc with my wife. Justin Osborne For shame, Google, for shame. Super annoying. ktrain I am struggling to understand why Google should feel any need to make this available to G Suite customers. This is a consumer feature. I get that some families with tech saavy folks use G Suite to: Manage people shouldn't have been on Google in the first place because of To spy on your kids emails Because you want to help out someone who is seriously tech challenge. This is probably .001% of all the paid G Suite licenses. Google's G Suite PMs have way hotter topics for enterprise clients, IE whitelisting/blacklisting OAuth apps, expanding DLP functionality in Mail/Drive and launching Google Chat. Justin Osborne Because I've had Google Apps for over 10 years. When I joined if I had known what I know now, sure, I'd have used another Google account. You can just go back now, after you have 10+ years of data on your account! Anthrox G Suite has a different set of requirements for business software that is built for uptime over features. im hoping over time they will allow for domain on families. maybe also move free g suite accounts over to families accounts will see where they go with this there is still a lot of integration going on DarenTx Yes. This. Let me migrate my G Suite accounts to Family Groups without losing my stuff or changing my login. BinaryTB Google Play Music family plan Google Play Family Library Google Fi Giving Google $$ for G Suite, but not allowed to give them more for the above. Thanks Google. Stephen Cornwell It's for families. G-Suite is for businesses. DarenTx But when I signed up for G Suite it wasn't just for businesses. Now that the marketing of these accounts has changed give me a way to migrate to Google Family Groups. Chris It was originally marketed as being great for families. So My entire family is on G Suites. But we can't share apps through the family sharing, we can't share a Google Play Music family plan, we can't share Google TV accounts as advertised. The Music and TV are both something that I'm more than happy to pay for, but can't so I use competing services now. That alone is $50/month from me that Google isn't getting. Not to mention, the Google Home that I bought was sent back because it doesn't support my account. And at this point, I can't migrate my family back to standard Google accounts because all of our purchases are tied to these G Suite accounts. Google needs to get their shit together on this issue. mondeca Is the Calendar feature new? I clicked on the link, and it just took me to the usual Calendar view. I didn't see anything about Family groups. Something to roll out soon? James Doyle It said it added a new Calendar to your view called "Family". It did for me when I signed up. Everyone in the family group can see (and presumably edit) the Family calendar. mondeca That makes sense, but I don't have a Family calendar. Jonathan Berry Same for me. I already have a family group from Google Play Music, so I wonder if the creation of the Family calendar is not getting triggered for existing accounts. Mimi Same problem here. Hoping the family calendar for existing customers gets rolled out soon, or that we at least get the option of having one added. Quint’s Sharking & Seashells Same here. I have a family group for they play store, but I don't see an option for the family calendar. Must not have rolled out to all yet. SVem26 Fantastic.. A few things to make this better MANAGEMENT -- Centralized app/Page to manage everything Family related ( The family Link app that was recently released is a good place or in the Google settings app) DRIVE -- Family settings for Drive storage.. e.g. Sharing the upgraded storage quota with the family group MUSIC -- Ability to share uploaded music with the whole family in Play Music MAPS -- Option of Location sharing for entire family (opt-in) FIND MY DEVICE -- Option to track locations of all devices of all members (opt-in) Other possible enhancements -- Group communication through Allo,Duo as a readily available option, Shared Wallet balance,etc Anthon Williamson If it would let me have access to their Chrome Remote Desktop. Opt-in of course. Then it would be the only tool I need for personal remote access. Everything else we be business use. SVem26 Ah yes.. Great idea.. I am waiting for the Remote desktop to be updated to support Android devices as host.. Would be a great help with my parents.. I use inkwire currently.. works but I still have to yell and tell them what to do.. -Matoro Zeliph- Yeah. It looks half baked so far. My mom is a noob when it comes to computers. So having this will help Paul_Werner Also, the Shared Family Payment Method should allow you to require purchase approvals for people above 18 too. Just because I want to add in a family member doesn't mean I want to allow them to make all the purchases they want using my card. Because of this my "family" is only my wife and under 18 daughter Sir_Brizz Bananas that this isn't already taken care of. It was the primary reason I haven't created a family group. Gailjrobinson Google is paying 97$ per hour! Work for few hours & have longer with friends and family! !sv135c: On tuesday I got a great new Land Rover Range Rover from having earned $8752 this last four weeks.. Its the most-financialy rewarding I've had.. Follow this link for more information !sv135c: ➽➽ ➽➽;➽➽ http://GoogleFinancialCashJobs425DirectFishGetPaid$97/Hour... ★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫::::::!sv135c:....,...... crafty35a As much as I want this, it's clearly an attempt to dissuade people from adding non-family members to their family group. Paul_Werner Oh I know that's why but it would be nice to have regardless. I'm not convinced they will do it but hopefully I'm wrong Iamsecond You forgot: 'make family link not flipping US ONLY' Jason Pagliaro Well, it's not so... Anthrox its currently invite only so its very early Anthrox Contacts - Share contacts with the family group Music - Share Playlists Gmail - Domain support, group email address base on the family Chromecast - Some access control on what devices ex member can use. F4LL0U7 I love that they're using the good ol' Nexus 5 in the mockup. Josh Flowers Nexus 5? Or Pixel v2? Or Nexus 5XX F4LL0U7 I'd buy a Nexus 5 Classic! JD But will it Boot loop? Rod They're really proud of the N5. Jonathan Berntsen And still not available in Sweden... >.< enoch861 Does it support multiple "families"? Quint’s Sharking & Seashells Mormons​ do. I kid, I kid. newtonfb Its hilarious that they show shopping list shared among family members but when all the family members add groceries to the list from Google Home it doesn't go there anymore... Sascha Brunner https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/2dfa93ed1297c40e3f1dcad8b1afbaf8cff47de36aac52e1b50a878014dc14cd.png Chahk Noir Is family sharing on Photos live already? I'm not seeing it on my account. Navarr Barnier > You can only set up a family group with a personal Google Account, not a G Suite account makapav This is just another skunk-work half-brained idea to come out of someone's free time that will wither away without real-world use-cases just like the other Google Family Plan/Program that was launched a couple of months ago. Of course, this will not tie into the Google WiFi family settings controls and descriptions, or managing other Google accounts or God-forbid the grocery list that Google Home creates in the Google Express app. This whole thing was created to meet some random guy's dilemma. All this while, Google Photos does not recognize the groups you have already created in your Contacts app when choosing a target to share pictures. Anthrox give it some time today is the first lunch of software outside of play and play music. software is complex you have many different teams with different goals the family support might be coming after other feature they need to do first makapav Humbug excuses. Just like how after 7 years of phone launches, it's still a difficult problem to solve. Or 15 messaging apps later... Yuri Vidal US Only... =( Kunal God dammit Google! A person can be part of more than one family! Take, for instance, people that are married. Honestly, it's like Googlers are robots and overlook simple logic. JD Woo the Nexus 5 is making a comeback and this time in white. Dat hero image Adam Margeson I was thinking the same thing! #Nexus5MasterRace drcaveman These strange restrictions on the size of family group is mind boggling Sarang Pitale Does it allow sharing purchased apps in family groups? Hexlattice So........ How do I share my Photos with my family group? The Google Keep help page was... Helpful. But there wasn't one for Google Photos. Follow Android Police 1.49M 472k 145k 119k Latest Deals 9 [Deal Alert] Chromecast Ultra is $59.99 ($10 off) at Google Store, Best Buy, B&H and others 2017/06/04 12:16pm PDTJun 4, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] Google Home is $109 ($20 off) at Best Buy, Google Store, B&H, and others 2017/06/04 10:07am PDTJun 4, 2017 12 [Deal Alert] Kick off the weekend with 24 temporarily free and 52 on-sale apps 2017/06/03 6:50pm PDTJun 3, 2017 18 [Deal Alert] Get a Nextbit Robin for $129.99 on eBay 2017/06/03 9:39am PDTJun 3, 2017 33 [Deal Alert] A Stork's Journey is currently free on Google Play Movies & TV 2017/06/01 10:50pm PDTJun 1, 2017 Latest Poll How many photos are on your Google Photos account? Under 100 100-999 1,000-2,499 2,500-4,999 5,000-9,999 10,000-19,999 20,000-39,999 More than 40,000. View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 67 Asus ZenFone 3 Zoom review: A promising phone that falls victim to bad software and cut corners 2017/05/31 2:21pm PDTMay 31, 2017 113 AOSPA (Paranoid Android) review: back from the dead, and we're thrilled 2017/05/31 9:47am PDTMay 31, 2017 29 Tag Heuer Connected Modular 45 review: It seems like $1,500 should get you more 2017/05/29 9:57am PDTMay 29, 2017 74 [Update, G+ Post] Francisco Franco makes his productivity timer 5217 free to try 2017/05/16 10:01am PDTMay 16, 2017 290 HTC U11 hands-on: HTC gets a little closer to the mark 2017/05/16 12:02am PDTMay 16, 2017 Latest Roundups 13 29 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/24/17 - 5/31/17) 2017/05/31 10:20am PDTMay 31, 2017 8 10 new and notable Android apps from the last week (5/23/17 - 5/29/17) 2017/05/29 12:49pm PDTMay 29, 2017 13 31 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/17/17 - 5/23/17) 2017/05/23 3:06pm PDTMay 23, 2017 16 12 new and notable Android apps and live wallpapers from the last week (5/16/17 - 5/22/17) 2017/05/22 12:48pm PDTMay 22, 2017 16 29 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/10/17 - 5/16/17) 2017/05/16 4:22pm PDTMay 16, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 19 Boost for Reddit removed from Play Store for alleged promotion of drugs, still not back after a week 2017/06/04 4:25pm PDTJun 4, 2017 114 Weekend poll: How many photos are synced to your Google Photos account? 2017/06/04 3:44pm PDTJun 4, 2017 28 Tasker beta v5 brings a fresh Material Design look and a huge list of other changes 2017/06/03 7:27pm PDTJun 3, 2017 12 [Deal Alert] Kick off the weekend with 24 temporarily free and 52 on-sale apps 2017/06/03 6:50pm PDTJun 3, 2017 76 Samsung uploads its Device Maintenance tool to the Play Store 2017/06/03 6:01pm PDTJun 3, 2017 Blast from the Past 60 1 Year Ago Today More Motorola Leaks: 'Style Mod' Replaceable Covers For The Moto X/Z And DROID Come In A Variety Of Materials 2016/06/04 12:27pm PDTJun 4, 2016 40 2 Years Ago Today Chrome Beta v44 Comes With Improvements To 'Native App' And 'Add To Homescreen' Banners, New Push API Features, And More [APK Download] 2015/06/04 5:14pm PDTJun 4, 2015 129 3 Years Ago Today YouTube v5.7 For Android Finally Lets You Select Exact Streaming Quality, As Long As It's 720p Or Lower [APK Download] 2014/06/04 6:16pm PDTJun 4, 2014 3 4 Years Ago Today Google Posts Glass XE6 Factory Image For Your Flashing Pleasure 2013/06/04 8:31pm PDTJun 4, 2013 16 5 Years Ago Today [Update: Pre-Orders Are Live] Sprint Announces The Galaxy S III Available June 21, Pre-Orders Start June 5 - $199 For 16GB, $249 For 32GB 2012/06/04 10:55pm PDTJun 4, 2012 327 6 Years Ago Today [Book Giveaway #2] Looking To Get Into Android Development? We're Giving Away "Hello, Android" To A Lucky Reader 2011/06/04 7:16pm PDTJun 4, 2011 2 7 Years Ago Today HTC EVO 4G OTA Update Comes Out In Time For Launch, Fixes SD Card Problems, Patches Security Issues, But Disables Root - Available Via WiFi As Well 2010/06/04 6:44pm PDTJun 4, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 112 Weekend poll: How many photos are synced to your Google Photos account? 2017/06/04 3:44pm PDTJun 4, 2017 35 It's not just you—there's a widespread Google Home outage 2017/06/04 12:04pm PDTJun 4, 2017 61 Samsung opens up its browser to some non-Samsung devices on the Play Store 2017/06/04 10:30am PDTJun 4, 2017 29 Motorola rolling out Android 7.1.1 to the Moto Z Play 2017/06/04 8:45am PDTJun 4, 2017 18 Boost for Reddit removed from Play Store for alleged promotion of drugs, still not back after a week 2017/06/04 4:25pm PDTJun 4, 2017 Last 7 Days 28 Google Photos v2.16 prepares to upgrade the camera shortcut, suggest photos to archive, and more [APK Teardown + Download] 2017/05/31 11:36pm PDTMay 31, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] Here are 38 temporarily free and 72 on-sale apps, plus both 0.10 Apps of the Week 2017/05/31 2:08pm PDTMay 31, 2017 501 [Update: New details plus Andy Rubin interview] The Essential phone is official, with an edge-to-edge display and the world's smallest 360-degree camera accessory 2017/05/30 7:48am PDTMay 30, 2017 76 Samsung uploads its Device Maintenance tool to the Play Store 2017/06/03 6:01pm PDTJun 3, 2017 24 Plex Live TV is now available for all Plex Pass subscribers, tuner required 2017/06/01 6:00am PDTJun 1, 2017 Last 30 Days 78 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 88 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 28 Google Photos v2.16 prepares to upgrade the camera shortcut, suggest photos to archive, and more [APK Teardown + Download] 2017/05/31 11:36pm PDTMay 31, 2017 94 The Play Store adopts new app and notification icons with v7.8.16 [APK Download] 2017/05/10 6:25pm PDTMay 10, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Advertise | Contact 124 queries | 0.818s | hive Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
recommend.my - Local Services| About Us| E-Paper| Search| MOBILE KLIK UNTUK PROJEKMMO 点击M中文网 Facebook Twitter RSS Kuala Lumpur 33°C, Mostly Cloudy MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Tech/Gadgets Google linking online and offline worlds in new ad challenge Sunday May 28, 2017 10:14 AM GMT+8 ICYMI ProjekMMO: Adira pasrah belum turun berat badan? Saudi, Bahrain, Egypt and UAE cut ties with Qatar The Edit: Pint glass becomes symbol of London’s defiance ‘Modern-day bank robbery’ lands Malaysian in Aussie jail Advertisement More stories                Tools Increase Text Decrease Text Reset Text Print Article Attribution promised to give Google a way to assure advertisers they are getting their money’s worth at the firm’s online venues. — Reuters picSAN FRANCISCO, May 28 — Google is testing a way to tie online ads to brick-and-mortar store purchases, a move whetting marketing appetites while fuelling privacy worries. A product called “Google Attribution” was unveiled at a marketing conference this month in San Francisco by the internet giant. Google has long been able to determine when users click on an ads and make a purchase, but linking online and offline habits takes its analytics a step further. Google senior vice president Sridhar Ramaswamy, who announced that Attribution is in test mode with a limited number of partners and will be rolled out to more advertisers in coming weeks, touted the tool as being able to answer the long-challenging question of whether marketing campaigns are working. “Google Attribution makes it possible for every marketer to measure the impact of their marketing across devices and across channels,” Ramaswamy said. “Data-driven attribution uses machine learning to determine how much credit to assign to each step in the consumer journey — from the first time they engage with your brand for early research down to the final click before purchase.” Real-world customer email addresses or loyalty plan information can be woven with Google data from services such as AdWords, Google Analytics and DoubleClick Search to provide “a complete view” of marketing performance, according to the company. Using artificial intelligence, or machine learning, to better analyse and understand consumer behaviour to target ads and promote sales was a major theme of the conference. Ad ‘holy grail’ For several years now, AdWords has enabled advertisers to measure visits to real-world stores stemming from online campaigns, Ramaswamy noted. “Still, measuring store visits is just one part of the equation,” Ramaswamy said. “You also need insights into how your online ads drive sales for your business.” Real-world transactions matched back to Google ads are handed in “a secure and privacy-safe way,” with store sales information reported in aggregated and anonymised forms to protect individual privacy, according to the company. Tying online activity to offline shopping decisions has been a “holy grail” for advertisers for quite some time, and comes with worrisome privacy implications, according to ACLU senior policy analyst Jay Stanley. Attribution threatens to intrude on a core tenant of privacy, that people can have dealings with one party not spill over into affairs with other parties they interact with, Stanley contended. “This is an evolution, not a revolution; another step toward increased monitoring of individuals,” Stanley said. “Each step raises the question ‘Where does this all stop?’” Stanley expected Google to be on its best behaviour when it came to handling the growing trove of information about users, but that even the best of intentions could crack under the “enormous hydraulic pressure of the profit motive.” “We have the full fury and genius of the capitalist system being driven toward monitoring people in ever increasing detail and companies are competing to do so,” Stanley said “It will not stop without some sort of rules in which we as a society express our values through legal protections.” More tempting ads? Google and Facebook dominate the online ad world, and what one does to prove its worth to advertisers is likely to be copied by the other, according to Silicon Valley analyst Rob Enderle of Enderle Group. Attribution promised to give Google a way to assure advertisers they are getting their money’s worth at the firm’s online venues. “The big problem is that showing conversion from ad consumption to purchase has been horrible,” Enderle said of online marketing. “This has been a problem for a long time. Google is trying to make a metric so they get credit for it when you do purchase after viewing an ad.” Data showing which ads are translating into real sales should mean that the relevance of ads people see online will improve as marketers abandon mis-aimed or ineffectively tailored messages, the analyst reasoned. “You are going to be hit with ads for things that you might actually want to buy, so you are going to spend a lot more money,” Enderle predicted. Worries about privacy sparked by linking offline and online activities are a decade or so late, because the time to protest was when collection began of the troves of data about people, the analyst argued. “There really is no downside to this application,” Enderle said while discussing Google’s marketing metrics move. “This is the good side of collecting data; it is what else is being done with the data that should be unnerving and that we really don’t know.” — AFP                MORE ON MMOTV Most Viewed Now Week After London attack, Facebook says aims to be ‘hostile environment’ for terrorists Smart cities to take centre stage at CES 2018 Snapchat’s ‘Spectacles’ go on sale in Europe A new era for Nokia Apple set to expand Siri, taking different route from Amazon’s Alexa (VIDEO) A new era for Nokia Will Samsung's new notebooks write a new chapter? Nokia takes its relaunched 3310 ‘brick’ home to Finland (VIDEO) Robo justice: First robotic cop joins Dubai police Smart cities to take centre stage at CES 2018 Most Watched Now Week Reuters Video: One Direction's Styles tops Billboard with solo album Reuters Video: With rave reviews, 'Wonder Woman' readies to launch Reuters Video: Francois Ozon's 'L'Amant Double' shocks at Cannes Reuters Video: Cast and crew of ‘The Beguiled’ discuss the remake Reuters Video: Thai man murders baby, commits suicide on Facebook Live Tilda Swinton unveils strange ‘Okja’ promo clip Related Articles Google and partners try to block the march of ad-blockers Machine learning may fix ad placement dispute, says Google Johnson & Johnson, JPMorgan suspend YouTube ads over offensive videos (VIDEO) AT&T, Verizon join Google ad boycott Google apologises to ad clients for YouTube content fiasco Advertisement MMO Instagram Tweets by @themmailonline Tweets by @themmailonline MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Copyright © 2017 Malay Mail Online About Us | Contact Us | Policies | Search | Archive | E-Paper | Mobile | ProjekMMO | recommend.my - Local Services
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us ... SMS support for Hangouts officially ends today, excluding Google Voice and Project Fi subscribers Ryne Hager Follow View All Posts 2017/05/22 2:29pm PDTMay 22, 2017 101 Plus 1 on G+ 289 Share on Facebook 105 Share on Twitter Total Shares495 Applications Google News Videos Today is the day that Hangouts finally loses SMS support. We were warned by Google about it months ago when Hangouts started showing a warning that it would no longer support the feature. But, as of today, it's finally set to happen. For anyone who isn't on Project Fi or Google Voice — both of which will continue to support SMS in Hangouts — this is the end of an era. Many people, myself included, made the final push into Hangouts over other services when SMS support was added. The integrated conversations made it much easier to keep short communications together in one place. So far there's no word on if SMS support will be coming to Allo. Now that Hangouts support for SMS is finally over, we aren't really left with a clear migration method. Anyone that might have made use of it will have to either deal with using two separate apps again or move over to a new service. If you are looking for recommendations, Google's stock Android Messages isn't so bad. But, if you've been enjoying having SMS and chats merged, that isn't really a solution. Allo is always an option. But, that's the same issue from the other side, you'd still need to find a way to send SMS messages. There's always Facebook Messenger or Signal, which both provide a combined SMS and chat solution. Each has its disadvantages, though. The latter doesn't have quite the same feature set that Hangouts did, and the former is a Facebook product. Either way, it's closing time. You might have just enough left to send one last SMS before the lights are shut off. If you still plan on using Hangouts for chats going forward, make sure you've updated to the latest version over at Google Play or APKMirror. Download QR-Code Hangouts Developer: Google Inc. Price: Free Tags Google Voice hangouts sms sms support video Voice subscribe ... Previous Story [Deal Alert] Start off this week with 17 temporarily free and 15 on-sale apps, plus the first ... ... Next Story [Deal Alert] Anker PowerCore II 3x USB 6A 20000mAh dual input battery $34 after $10 off coupon code Trending 78 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 88 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 Comments PixelXLellence ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ ᵀʳᵘᵐᵖ Never even used it once, Good_Ole_Pinocchio You're definitely in the minority there. Total Insecurity You know, buddy...? I never get it if you are just joking/lying or just clever and funny. Your name makes it pretty difficult to differentiate! Roy Me to crappy app. mxwp not even when you were checking your gmail on the computer and someone sent you a instant message? PixelXLellence ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ ᵀʳᵘᵐᵖ Never had the occasion. Cool story though: I was going to take a screen showing no archives, no "buddies" or whatever, and I see my wife has sent me a bunch of stickers (don't see a date, though). which is a surprise becauyse she's an iPhoner and I didn't even know she had Hangouts. Now I like Hangouts just as they EOL it! Suicide_Note Maybe she meant to send them to her boyfriend instead of you? ;) PixelXLellence ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ ᵀʳᵘᵐᵖ lol YaKillaCJ Hangout is a great side number. TechGuy22 LOL 4Ui812 Google hangouts ... The only place where people never hanged out . cadtek91 *hung Ryne Hager Dunno, don't remember seeing anyone get hanged either. Even if we all got left out to dr-WHY GOOGLE, WHY?! JVF When referring to people it is always "Hanged", sounds funny but that's just how it is. It's a past participle. Ryne Hager Yup, I know. That was the joke. Jason E Perkins Yup. The past participle form of "hang out" is definitely "hung out." "Hanged" only means "suspended" or "put to death by hanging." JVF I'm well aware of that. 4Ui812 I understand what you're saying and I debated the proper way to put it..... I have to stand by hanged. xyz Hung Lo? instinct I am like 6 different active group chats in Hangouts. Good_Ole_Pinocchio Google doesn't care about you. humulos A truer statement has never been said Devin Rodriguez ✓ʳᵃᵈ https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/2c9aad5a41d09ce24c4c4e04e7b3a28a2004487ff015df2fc519b5c2a9556024.gif Adrien Aubel Google's messaging strategy is now: - Android Messages for carriers & OEMs - meaning strictly SMS/RCS - Allo for their new consumer messaging service, and the focus of their upcoming work - Hangouts for business/enterprise Nothing personal :) humulos How innocent we once were, at the time when we witnessed Talk, Voice, SMS and G+ Messages become a single product, fulfilling all our dreams. Undone in naught but a few years, with this final limb being ripped from the body. But I guess I'm on Project Fi, so I'm good for now. My parents weren't happy about this news, since our family communicates primarily on large Hangouts threads. mxwp but if they are using actual Hangouts IM threads and not SMS they can still use Hangouts Shannon Butler Home-based mummy Kelly Richards from New York after quitting from her fulltime occupation has able to make from $26000 to $28000 on a monthly basis from freelancing in the house... This is just one way she successfully done it >>> learn by clicking here how to do it right now humulos For sure, and they still do. They just don't like having to use multiple apps for messaging. Adrien Aubel IMHO those big plans haven't been followed by strict coding/design rules, and Hangouts became progressively a technical mess, then a true nightmare for anybody to work on, with the UI becoming slower with each version, fortunately partly compensated by faster phones. To be fair, SMS/MMS can be very complicated to deal with, and Android development was much harder and potentially messy when Babel has been developed, the technologies available nowadays would have helped a lot. So down the road it would have been neither productive or future-proof to keep iterating all efforts inside Hangouts, at least without a total recode from the ground up. Right now I wonder if they will indeed clean the code up to remove all carrier SMS/MMS, and eventually speed up the app and make it smaller, or just roughly disable it. t_newt If Hangouts became a technical mess, the solution isn't to drop Hangouts, it's to fix Hangouts. They could have made it a framework for their products that any of their messengers could be installed into. Instead they are trying to make it an enterprise Slack competitor. What company is going to trust their company to Google's leftovers? "SMS/MMS can be very complicated to deal with". Apparently this is true at Google. Duder12 They aren't getting the left overs. They are getting two brand new products. Hangouts Meet and Hangouts Chat. OhYeah! 2 products solving a problem that the last hangouts solved already in one app. Great nigra truo Well, that is why we use whatsapp, does a lot more and is just one application and while Americans are backwards in Whatsapp use, it is the world wide defacto standard, many people that use Whatsapp have not written a SMS in year and I know that for me it is a pain in the ass, because it is of lousy reliabilty, often you don't know if the person received the message, much less if they have read it, you can't record voice memos of unlimited length, can't voice call or video call them and it is not encrypted ( functions that whatsapp supports natively) Here is a little comparison of SMS vs Whatsapp: https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1StygzfbH0eSg7gwCgPUdpenzDeTbsuwKk3dMiG-BGQY/edit?usp=sharing It is not hard to see that it will replace SMS, as it already has for 1 billion people. pfmiller SMS can be complicated to deal with, but it's not dealt with by Hangouts. The OS handles SMS itself and then gives whichever SMS app you select access to the SMS message database. Adrien Aubel If you mean that the app doesn't have to interact directly with the radio, you're right. But the APIs provided for SMS/MMS by Google are nonetheless very tricky to integrate beautifully with. For example, the ContentProvider could be so much cleaner to interact with, and some OEMs like Samsung crash on non-simple queries. Another example is that most apps ship their own MMS logic, usually based on Google's own sources ( https://android.googlesource.com/platform/packages/services/Mms/+/master/ ), in case the carrier or OEM customized the system MMS logic and made it not work properly with apps other than their own, or if the system isn't configured correctly, and let the user the option to switch between this logic ("Legacy") and their system when it comes to send MMS. We could expect better from an OS serving 2B active users, but I'm glad it's at least open to 3rd party apps, unlike iOS. JG Personally, rather than spinning Allo off as its own new app, I would have preferred Google to treat it as the next major update to Hangouts. Have the team re-work the app from the ground up, streamlining the code, etc. If I'm not mistaking, around that time, Facebook and Shazam were launching their own reworked Lite app versions designed to use less bandwidth, storage and resources. Reworking Hangouts would have followed suite. Essentially, Google could have made their first Go ready app a year or so early. Hangouts already has a large username, and it has all of the features users have been asking for - cross device/platform and SMS support. And I don't think the is any issue with SMS being a challenge to implement as they have their own SMS app, Android Messages which send to work well enough to be the default app to push RCS. It shouldn't be too hard to fold it (and the Assistant) into Hangouts while streamlining it. My name is…. Nobody ever used Hangouts for SMS outside America. Actually, nobidy uses SMS no more. There DOES exist a world outside America, you know, and its much bigger!! sproc Haha, you wish. Everyone I know is stuck on sms. They try whatsapp and stuff then abandon it. Adrien Aubel Especially iOS users, who already have a great "Messages" app that outsmarts SMS when possible. For them it doesn't make too much sense to download another messaging app every now and then. Rodrigo Gomes da Silva So.. where are you from? Jay No you wish, but you must be in the states. No one i know uses SMS anymore. It's an archaic dead service, only used for bank transaction notifications and amazon deliveries. Everyone else is either on whatsapp (yes 220 million of us in this country and growing at 4 million a month) or (wechat which is like what 85-90 percent of China) No one cares for SMS. xyz And where do you live? America. We already know. TheDrunkenClam What an unnecessarily smug and nagging comment. Winston Well it's true, even if it's smug. Outside the US, SMS is pretty much dead as we've all moved towards WhatsApp, as carriers still don't give unlimited texts by default. I think it's time to start asking another company for SMS integration. Christopher Gannon That would work if so many people in the US weren't using iMessage, where the only way a non-apple user can chat is via SMS. Then apple makes it very difficult NOT to use it, so good luck convincing your friends to give up siri, etc. I'd also like a solution, like hangouts or iMessage, where messages aren't restricted to a phone, and I can seamlessly use both on my laptop, tablet or phone. Jacquilinefpaniagua Google is paying 97$ per hour! Work for few hours & have longer with friends and family! !sc164c: On tuesday I got a great new Land Rover Range Rover from having earned $8752 this last four weeks.. Its the most-financialy rewarding I've had.. Follow this link for more information !sc164c: ➽➽ ➽➽;➽➽ http://GoogleFinancialCashJobs464MarketStockGetPaid$97/Hour... ★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫::::::!sc164c:....,..... xyz What an unnecessarily stupid response to a fact. Ryan Yes, but we still have all of the money. xyz You mean the top 1% of your country has all the money. The rest of the developed world gets free healthcare and education, so even our middle class have plenty of spare cash to spend. Ryan No, the purchasing power of the average American is still in the top 10%. 90% of this country doesnt know what poverty looks like in the rest of the world. Magister Good for them. I live in us and everyone uses sms, so that's what I use. What everyone else uses is moot. Michael Sørensen Nonsense. I'm not in the US (Europe) and the VAST majority in my country still use SMS. Alejandro And how do you send voice clips through SMS? Good luck with that runamonk Why the fuck are you sending voice clips? Just call them for fucks sake lol. Jesus you kids these days. IT'S A PHONE. Adrien Aubel At invi we observed that a significant amount of our users rely heavily on push to talk and voice typing. We want to improve it so that when you pick up the phone and put it on your ear it plays any unread message to make it more lightweight, as well as an auto-transcribe, but it's already pretty useful when you and your contact are used to it. When you're biking, on your way to the office, cooking, cute messages to your SO, ideas (that you can send to yourself as well), ... You can let your recipient get to your message whenever (s)he wants rather than requiring his/her availability right here and then. That being said, we'll bring soon WebRTC video calls / possible Duo integration to get face-to-face in one tap, and we expect this to indeed take over and reduce the microphone features usage. nigra truo Hahaha, you look silly defending a deficiency, voice memos are super useful, especially when driving or if somebodie's on a call. Used by many not stuck on sms. runamonk I'm not defending anything, sms is old and very long in the tooth. It should have been removed years ago. Andrew MMS handles voice clips just fine in my experience. dblock Easy, if your SMS app supports this (mine does), you can send voice clips as an attachment like any other MMS message. nigra truo Wow, the man is still using the archaic technology that is mms. Hahaha! I have not sent one like that since 2011, when i discovered whatsapp. Adrien Aubel I don't know if that's exactly what you meant, but on invi ( https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.invi ) you have push to talk, voice typing, and ability to share audio externally from any app (depending on the format and your carrier we may host it ourselves and send a link FYI). It's not just yet open outside of USA but I can eventually give you an APK if you can't wait to try it out, lmk! Tomáš Petrík Free for everyone, you say? Not here... And yes, I am in the EU. nigra truo Sms is over in europe, don't know where you are from, but you might want to be less backward and start using whatsapp like a billion other people, sms is archaic and it Can't do so many things that whatsapp can, which is already the defacto international IM standard, even on iphones, as it supports all the platforms. Michael Sørensen Scandinavia. And no one uses WhatsApp. Maybe backwards, but it works, and I still haven't seen a compelling argument for changing... Josh Brown outside america and use it everyday. Jason Hirsch I was very annoyed at having to add Hangouts as my SMS client. I couldn't keep separate separate anymore. Now in combination with Fi, GV, 2 phones and obi it's a nightmare. On this overseas trip i couldn't force Fi to dial via WiFi. So i had to go back and install Hangouts dialer. If they (Google) have a master plan there's no rhyme or reason to it. Nick I'm not sure what the future holds for us Fi users, but it's looking grim. My family and work is in the same boat it seems. I have been promoting Hangouts for a long time since it could handle everything I needed plus some, now as our services split out communications start to waver... All I can hope for now is they at least follow through with their promises to allo and add desktop support. (Status: Soon ™) atc-tech Google Voice users should still be able to use it too, I think? I don't know. I switched the the updated GV app when it came out around the same time the hangouts DEintegration was announced, so I'm not sure, but I think Voice users still can... Aaron Berlin Who knows what the plan is long-term for GVoice in Hangouts, but the actual GVoice app is actually good now. No equivalent to the chrome extension/desktop app, though. Ryne Hager You are right, Google Voice users can also continue to receive SMS messages in the app, I'll make that more clear. atc-tech Cool. I wasn't sure GV still could, but I thought I remembered hearing that we could. I gave up already though and use the prettier new GV app... Wish they would add back more features though. Ryne Hager The new app is so pretty. I do wish my GV voicemails would show up in my call logs again, though. atc-tech Yes! Along with the options for do not disturb mode. mxwp i exclusively use my GVoice number for calls and texts and use it on Hangouts. the update GVoice app has an annoying bug in that it tries to connect every account on your phone instead of just your main one. i have submitted it as a bug but have not heard anything back Tom Harman So when does Allo officially get SMS support, lol. Devin Rodriguez ✓ʳᵃᵈ Same time it gets tablet support: Never. rndusrnm479461 Am I the only one who doesn't understand what's so good about SMS integration in either Allo or Hangouts? Is it really hard for you people to use 2 apps? Jesus christ. Google's "Android Messages" is lightweight anyway, why is it such a problem to use it? It shouldn't even eat much RAM. Kyle Gospodnetich Yes, yes you are. Please never work for Google, or really any company that has a hand in communications. My name is…. No, he is not Kyle Gospodnetich Congrats, now there's two of you idiots. iluvthesoftsoft One do-it-all app > two apps Adrien Aubel Let me know what you think about invi, https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.invi, we're trying to fix texting on Android and provide transparent switch between SMS&IM (devices handshake when you get into chats so that we determine whether you or the recipient has poor reception and should prefer SMS for example). MJ Two apps? One app for SMS and than Facebook, WhatsApp, Allo/Hangouts, and whatever to cover all my contacts. SMS is the only thing I can message 100% of my contacts with. Adrien Aubel Google's messaging strategy is now: - Android Messages for carriers & OEMs - meaning strictly SMS/RCS - Allo for their new consumer messaging service, and the focus of their upcoming work - Hangouts for business/enterprise They can't risk to upset carrier and OEMs by implementing non-carrier features in Android Messages / the default SMS app they provide. Or at least it's a risk they're not ready to take at that time. Btw I wouldn't say "Android Messages" is that lightweight btw, notably on modern devices it could be so much smoother :( sam1331 I don't get it either. When Android Messages came out I switched my SMS over to it. I quickly realized I was using it almost exclusively for 2 factor verification codes. But really, the notifications all go to the same place, I already have to decide whether to use Hangouts or Facebook Messenger when talking to basically anyone anyway. I also think people should push a little harder to move conversations over from SMS to something else, I've never found that to be very difficult. mxwp SMS is convenient because you know it will work with any American with a cell phone... including "dumb" flip phones. And it actually is really difficult to get people to switch to another service. Apple users just use imessage to send their SMS to me. And then I send them my glorious green bubbles and those ishills can suck it. YaKillaCJ Sms integration is important because it is supported by 100% of telecommunications service providers and integrated on all devices that can make a phone call and has a screen. You can even sms a home phone without a screen depending on carrier/service provider. Thus it messaging that works with 100% of your contacts. Having multiple Apps spread across 100s of contacts is plain annoying. So if any App wants to be taken serious, it needs to be serious and have sms. What's App already fills the void for bypassing sms across the globe. rndusrnm479461 This answer makes the most sense. Thanks. Adrien Aubel Let me know what you think about invi! play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.invi We're still new and young but we're very serious about our ambitions and not settling when we know it could/should be better. To fix texting on Android, we provide transparent switch between SMS&IM (devices handshake when you get into chats so that we determine whether you or the recipient has poor reception and should prefer SMS for example). Very handy in some countries/areas/events. And lets you reach *anybody* (that has a phone number). My name is…. Nobody uses SMS no more, and if i wanna send a text message to the last of the Mohicans, i will use my SMS app. I dont want no stupid integration and no stupid 'SMS fallback' that will make things worse. Chatting is not texting. YaKillaCJ There are only 2 widely used methods of messaging across mobile devices. Sms and What's App. Sms is supported on EVERY device from 2 way pagers and flip phones to house phones and smartphones. Any device that has a phone number supports sms. The majority of people doesn't care about added features like stickers and gif. We just care that all I need is the person phone number and from there I can call or text them. That's it. Bottom line is that it has to be a standard adopted by carriers on a worldwide scale. Hence what's app reason for such large scale use is it uses existing phone numbers for login, existing phone book for contact list, free, minimum data usage and encrypted. Even that is still not even used by a third of the devices that use sms. Ryuuie Last I checked, WhatsApp charged $1 or someshit. erptastic It has not done that officially for years. And even before that, they always just extended my account. Ryuuie Ah. Looks like it was recent and official as of last January but they dropped it. It was an annual $1 fee to use the app. disqus_Xz3y8OiO3O It's free YaKillaCJ Who actually pays that. I don't recall anyone ever paying. Besides, it's only $1 a year and that significantly cheaper than carriers who don't have unlimited sms charge. nigra truo The majority of people don't care about features? Go check the market share of whatsapp, you are misinformed. The majority does care and only hillbillies still use flip phones. ;-) YaKillaCJ Features are nice but seamless compatibility is more important. Btw last I recall, less than half of mobile phones in use are smartphones worldwide. Using What's App doesn't allow me to message 100% of my contacts, SMS does. Bottomline. nigra truo You can't send SMS internationally, the plans are very expensive. That is why Whatsapp got so incredible successful. Also, you have to remember that we are not talking about third world nations, which don't even have phones at all or have no good mobile networks, and in all others, Whatsapp has taken over and will be the new standard in the US too, once some people stop resisting it and try it out. I have a large group of people here in the USA with which I'm in contact daily, over Whatsapp and I'm doing communication that can't be done with SMS and would need another 5 apps to accomplish (which many people of course have not installed) nigra truo Sms has endless limitations that is making it useless compated to something as full featured as whatsapp, i found it easier to convince my backwards US friends to use whatsapp, as this will be the universal standard anyway, 1 billion users gives you a hint. YaKillaCJ I do agree that the standard needs to move forward. What I'm saying is that it would have to be a standard adopted by carriers & service providers worldwide. Until then, any App that wants to be taken serious and get use needs to fall back on the current standard. What's App billion users is small compared to the billions in use that support SMS. USA alone has 500million numbers that support sms and that just 1 country. nigra truo Nope, the US does not have 500 million SMS capable phones, that is wishful thinking, of 325 Million people, they would have to use two phones all the time, not to speak that 325 million you have to subtract babies and very old people that are not texting anyone. Whatsapp IS the standard, you can install it on any current phone, no matter who produced it, flip phones are the small minority now and since Whatsapp is free, unlike SMS (phone providers STILL charge you for it, either in a flat fee or individually), it makes it much more attractive to many. I have had the experience when I use SMS, people get offended when I send them a SMS just because they might be on a cheap plan and using a flip phone and each SMS costs them 30 cents and they ask me to please stop. This is not what you would call a barrier free system. Also, some plans have limits of how many you can send or receive and SMS is such a dumb and obsolete technology that it can only send 160 characters in one message and has to string several ones together. Sadly, no phone provider has invented anything useful in the last 20 years, SMS is ancient and the next technology that they tried to replace SMS with fell flat on its face. Companies in this respect know much more what customers want and can make it much more affordable or, in the case of Whatsapp, free. It was invented to avoid (international) ripoff by phone companies and be able to keep contact with your friends abroad without having to shell out 1 dollar per SMS. Sadly, the phone providers are the most technologically incompetent companies out there, it took a company like Apple to reinvent the smartphone, because the phone providers, which this is a core business are were too dumb to pull it off ;-) mxwp in the larger scheme of things, I agree with you that it is not a big deal. still, having one app do both was convenient. the other complaint is Android fanboys being envious of iMessage, which Hangouts could have become. exadeci The main reason that people use Imessage is that you get rich messaging capabilities out of the box if the person you are talking to has an Iphone everything is abstracted, you add someone's number and you start chatting right aways no need to exchange accounts id's or find which app you both use. And if the other doesn't have an Iphone you can still message them or if you killed your data plan it sends an sms. But Google doesn't add sms support because they are pushing for RCS which is a GOOD thing: Standalone Messaging 1-to-1 Chat Group Chat File Transfer Content Sharing Social Presence Information IP Voice call Best Effort Video call Geolocation Exchange Audio Messaging Network based blacklist Capability Exchange based on Presence or SIP OPTIONS All this WITHOUT using any data, data needs an link to be established this doesn't. Chris Hannan It's not hard for most of us to use it. The problem is the people we contact don't want to use separate apps. Everyone with iPhones uses iMessage because it just works by default. But barely anybody I know uses Hangouts and nobody I know uses Allo. If it was all built into one app that shipped with Android phones, more people would use it. Troy Leonard and I removed Hangouts as of today I will no longer consider using any google messaging service ever again Sruly J Isn't Gmail a form of messaging? (Or do you not use Gmail?) Troy Leonard Not for long I'm transitioning over to outlook.com. And upgrading my phone to an iPhone. I'm sick of slow to no updates on my phone,and done with Google ruining everything I ever liked about their apps and Android. naysayer Good riddance. Adrien Aubel Let me know what you think about invi (https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.invi), a new app that we're making that brings a lot of the goodies iMessage brings to iOS users, with big long-term ambitions, and still trying to preserve a consistent and sleek UI. Hopefully that will make you stick to Android and you'll make your iPhone friends jealous in a few months/years ;) Zsolt V Why bother evangilizing? He already decided Outlook on an iPhone is better than Gmail, so let him enjoy it. Troy Leonard Your link is broken Adrien Aubel Fixed thanks! Disqus didn't like the closing ')' at the end of the link. XgudwilX eww outloook😲 Total Insecurity Saying "upgrading my phone to an iPhone" is the same as converting from atheism to any religion. Just a downgrade. bekifft It's true, and their failings and obvious ulterior motives in messaging have, for the first time in a decade, made me consider moving my email back to a private service over which I have control. Roy Thank you and have a nice flight. -Matoro Zeliph- Just want to make sure I'm not missing anything. So Google Voice SMS will no longer work too? Corbin Davenport That will still work as well. Ryne Hager Google voice will still work, just like Fi. Devin Rodriguez ✓ʳᵃᵈ It's primarily that regular SMS will no longer function in the app. A while back they killed of threading of SMS/MMS and Hangout messages, and now they are killing SMS/MMS entirely out of the app and suggestin people to switch to Android Messages. -Matoro Zeliph- Ok cool! I'm good then. Thanks for the clarification everyone Bill Blandford Hangouts SMS looks like it still works for Google Voice SMS too. Essentially, this is like Fi, which is a Google Voice number at heart. My wifi-only-device kids use Hangouts to call and text with a Google Voice #. Timmy Turner Yeah GV will continue to work through Hangouts since the number you use via Project-Fi is a GV given number. Adrien Aubel For people that were still using Hangouts and want to try a new app that also does SMS & IM, that tries to provide a fast & polished experience to fix texting on Android, I'd love some honest feedback! https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.invi We're trying hard to "make it right" and have so much planned on the roadmap, so any feedback is great to have to tweak things up. Let us know what you think! exadeci While the initiative is nice, why would we use your messaging app? If I want an instant message app that does sms and that no one else uses I already got Signal and at least Signal is proven to be secure. What makes Messenger (Facebook), WhatsApp and Imessage good? Their userbase. Ask anyone for a way to communicate and they will use one of those apps, no need for fallback sms when everyone has an account. Adrien Aubel Thanks for your feedback @exadeci:disqus! Great questions :) And Signal is nice as well! It's not for everybody but if you're happy with it keep using it but make sure to check us out in a few months to check that you haven't been missing out, we're going fast! I think there's much more to iMessage that makes it good than their userbase. It is a polished app that just works, and lets you reach anybody, therefore becoming your trusted "go to" texting app. We expect Google to release this summer new capabilities that will let you use IM in more scenarios. Very interesting stuff that we can't wait to let our users benefit from. But our initial target is actually SMS users, people that unlike you and I don't really care about the details, they just want a reliable app that sends and receive their messages. And they're actually quite happy with SMS/MMS in that regard, it just works (when you don't fight with APNs, something we try to prevent as well). We want to transparently "upgrade" those users that may be using Android Messages or a 3rd party app custom-made for the carrier or OEM, not necessarily developed with great care and polishment, and sometimes truly terrible (really, you wouldn't believe what's on some popular carriers, that most users end up using 10 times a day for years). Right now invi is mostly upgrading the transport of your messages and general experience as we develop another big focus of ours: bring your chats to life, try to get out of this 99% of messages exchanged being plain text. Texting can be the most impersonal way of communication and this flattens relationships. A bar suggests as you type relevant media to enrich in 1 tap your message and our users send 12% of their messages with stickers, GIFs, or regular images. Which helps you transmit how you truly felt when writing this message, it doesn't flatten as much your emotions (although we're far from done, it'll get much smarter and more personal on a per-chat basis). It always send instantly over IM as well (no upload or anything like that, optimized WebP images for super-fast download). Open your top 3 chats on Signal, chats that you have with people you care the most about, look at all this flat plain texting, and try to visualize the gap compared to what it could be, how it could have been more personal and transmitting more of your feelings or emotions. We're targeting this gap, and again, we're just getting started but have serious ambitions and motivation. If you use Snapchat, look at all that rich media that gets thrown to your eyes or that you throw to people, that doesn't always make sense and is often disconnected from conversations, sometimes losing its value and feeling like you just threw a bottle in the ocean, just leaving you with a list of who saw it. We're looking at that gap as well, as invi becomes more and more rich in terms of content creation. After a few iterations over a couple of years we believe that we found a solution that will let us bring up our roadmap in a consistent structure. State-of-the-art technology that is although just the foundation for all the exciting stuff that we want to add in the coming months. We are in talks with some OEMs and resellers to make invi default which would help grow invi's user base and help us improve our product with more diverse usage, while some upcoming features of invi should ultimately help us get a lot more users naturally. exadeci Signal has actually Gifs from Giphy, stickers and the possibility to send a location but I don't use this kind of feature even on Messenger it's quite rare that I send a sticker. Google is strongly pushing for RCS adoption which would add all these emotions sharing: https://storage.googleapis.com/gweb-uniblog-publish-prod/original_images/Rogers_Google_RCS.gif https://storage.googleapis.com/gweb-uniblog-publish-prod/original_images/Telenor_6P_GIF_0UHHQdI.gif https://storage.googleapis.com/gweb-uniblog-publish-prod/images/RCS_Android_Update.width-600.png Adrien Aubel Exactly, but how relevant is Giphy? Again don't compare with things you've seen so far but with what it could potentially be if it truly understood your relationships and intentions, if it combined that with your taste and the way you usually communicate with this specific person. And what if your friends or other people were able to add their own media and stickers through channels and then be discovered, liked and followed, with deep intelligence powering it all and bringing the right content to the right user? We built invi to support all this, we don't just use a Giphy API, we used the most advanced and lightweight technologies to communicate in realtime with our backend, even on pretty bad 3G, from where we curate the media that eventually gets recommended to you. The screenshots you attached look great as well, but see Android Messages is a good example there's only 5 packs of stickers that won't get more relevant or smarter no matter how many stickers you use or how many times you use Android Messages. Idk who would use a given sticker hundreds of times, but anyway I'm not sure those were really representative of how Android Messages is most commonly used. The features are technically there, as often, but they're very limited in their potential as of now. The Awesome Bar isn't for everyone but can eventually help people like you, as images just get displayed while you're typing, no action required, and if you see one that you like you can just tap it to see how it looks and enrich your message, send and you're done. Google is pushing RCS, very true! And we're excited about the great work the Jibe team did in the past couple years. They're a bit shy to share their RCS client implementation at the moment, it may be unstable or not well documented at the moment, but we're meeting regularly with Google and hope to add RCS to our transparent switch as soon as possible, even though the user base is a bit limited at the moment it has the potential to grow fast and solve many issues. If they're reluctant for too long we may use other hubs that would communicate seamlessly through Unified Profile. But for now, we're watching the number of users actually benefiting from RCS grow while we focus on other areas of improvements. sam1331 I am actually kind of optimistic about all this, more so than I was maybe a year ago. They've been putting out a steady stream or improvements to Allo, and when I've experimented with it with a friend it actually is an enjoyable experience. Releasing it without a web app is just shocking, but if that's added and it works well, I could totally see moving over to it from Hangouts, where I do the vast majority of my communicating. The other piece of the puzzle is Duo. If they can integrate a Duo button in Allo conversations (like it seems they will), and they eventually add group calling, which can't be that far off, then I think it will be a nice solution for myself and my family. And I've got quite a few friends that are all about Android instead of iOS, so I can see them switching to Allo from Hangouts. But not until there is a web app, because they aren't stupid. Chad Knasinski I would use Allo if they added SMS support and a desktop version like Hangouts had. Nick.Trite Same here. I have Fi so I'll continue to use Hangouts for SMS. I really love the fact that I can switch seamlessly from desktop to mobile and still be sending SMS. Until Allo does that, I won't consider moving. Chad Knasinski Ditto Sir_Brizz And multi-device support. Can't even use it or sync it on my LTE Tablet... Carson Saldanha So, basically Hangouts but revamped? We've come in full-circle. Sir_Brizz Sure. The problem is that every other chat platform has these features in 2016. Including Hangouts. Roy Me to, love it. mxwp unless they remove hangouts from gmail, people will still secretly be using "hangouts" all the time. in fact, the only way Allo will ever take off without SMS is if it replaces Hangouts (gtalk) on gmail and inbox. Chad Knasinski So correct me if I am wrong here but Google wants us to do this with our messages: SMS - Google Messenger Business SMS - Hangouts Messages - Allo Facebook - Messenger Video Chat - Duo Business Video Chat - Hangouts Video Really? Are you kidding me here? Timmy Turner You've got it right and if there's a joke, you'll being waiting a while for the punchline. disqus_em5YfkbWdk What Business SMS and how is 8t different from other SMS? Zsolt V What does Facebook have to do with anything you wrote? So you are corrected. SpadeX Are you new to tech world? John Not exactly. SMS - Messenger SMS (Project Fi and Voice) - Hangouts SMS (Voice) - Voice Chat - Allo Chat - Hangouts Video chat - Duo Video chat - Hangouts Voice call - Hangouts Voice call (Voice) - Voice Nicholas Conrad Email - Gmail Business Email - G Suite SMS - Google Messenger Business SMS - Hangouts Messages - Allo Facebook - Google+ Video Chat - Duo Business Video Chat - Hangouts Meet Phone calls - Google Voice/Project Fi/Google Home FIFY xyz That's only for Google fanboys. Regular people ditched Google's messaging apps a long time ago. Timmy Turner I recommend Textra to anyone looking for a new SMS app. Sleek, customizable and continually updated/supported. Adrien Aubel Textra is very nice, notably customization-wise as you said, you can go deep and fine-tune basically any UX element. And it's super fast and lightweight as well. I am working as well on a new SMS app that also provides IM similarly to iMessage on iPhone, and many other features, most of them upcoming though. Would you mind giving me a honest feedback when you have the time? It's called invi on the Play Store https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.invi Timmy Turner Sure thing. freshprince_87 That invi SMS app is an awesome app. Near flawless app. but I stop using it because I kept having problems with MMS messages and also it just like Allo in the sense where if you uninstall the app and reinstall it on the same phone all your instant messages are all gone including some of the regular SMS /MMS messages. You need to make the app save all your messages on to an account like a Google account in the cloud. So that no matter what device you use the instant messages will still be there. Adrien Aubel @freshprince_87:disqus Thank you for your feedback! MMS can be very tricky and every carrier has its own set of specificities, I'm sorry about that, it shows we're still young but obviously like you said, such a core functionality bug makes our whole effort worthless for you here. Do you mind sharing your carrier, device model, and Android version? Did you try using "Legacy MMS" in the app settings? About the IM sync, that's an issue we're definitely looking into, considering all potential security and privacy issues, notably as some countries like USA recycle pretty aggressively your phone numbers, and with the desire to bring a Web client in mind. Google should announce this summer APIs that will eventually help us regarding security, so stay tuned :) freshprince_87 Thanks. I didn't use the legacy MMS. I hope that you add the IM sync soon. I'm on a T-Mobile service using the Moto Z Play on Android Nougat 7.0 Adrien Aubel Ok thank you, if you don't mind I have other questions to dive into your problem :) What specifically was failing? MMS sending, receiving, or both? Did it show an error? Is it only on group MMS or all MMS? Whatever information you may have will be helpful. Our next release should bring MMS reliability improvements and notably Wifi texting when supported by the carrier (first MMS may send up to 60s to send as we're trying out routes but then all other Wifi MMS should send very fast). Tom Westrick https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y5ecvBaqHBk MJ Thank God I use Project Fi otherwise this would suck big time for me. TJ Mills Thank God I have Google voice.... Def Ref Actually, it sucks for Fi users who wish to economize on data because Hangouts no longer uses cellular SMS but requires a data connection, wifi or cell data. I didn't realize this was happening (because they said Fi wasn't going to be affected) until I got my replacement Nexus 6P and suddenly wasn't receiving SMS texts. They couldn't sort it out, even sending me a new SIM which didn't work either. It wasn't until I really started digging that I discovered that SMS required data to work and you'd either have to use a different SMS app (and lose multi-device sync; esp ability to type on computer thru Gmail) or turn on data. Lame. MJ OK... I am on WiFi most of the day myself but even with no WiFi it's still texting. Confused, you don't have data on Project Fi? Def Ref I keep my mobile data turned off unless I need traffic info for navigation or need to be in contact with someone via FB Messenger. Otherwise between home, work, Xfinity hotspots, etc., I'm usually not far from wifi. I don't care if I can't get my email for a half-hour while I'm driving. When you're paying per MB, you start noticing how much data apps guzzle. But last month I only used 85MB, so my next bill will be just over $24 with tax. Point is that before they killed SMS support, I didn't need to have data turned on to receive texts. Now I do. MJ I just don't see how you would guzzle data if usually on WiFi. I leave data on and use less than a GB a month. Granted, I don't check my email on my phone ever. LOL Dracono Love hangouts never used SMS. It also seems most negative reviews about it being slow was always tired to the SMS feature. I'm now curious with the removal of they'll us the opportunity to evolve or let it idle. mxwp it will evolve into a business app... but hopefully still available for consumers VAVAMk_2 Just give us SMS support in Allo for Christ's sake! Adrien Aubel SMS/MMS can be quite hard to deal with technically and Google didn't choose to go that way. It is possibly also due to the push they did to replace the default SMS app on many OEMs and carriers, strategically it's hard for them to push much of Google's agenda through the SMS app they give carriers, and they're mostly limited to SMS/RCS. Roy Christ will not give you SMS, bat Star of David could promise you RCS in Allo. mxwp Big G repeatedly stated it would never happen tim242 Liar. Adrien Aubel https://twitter.com/amitfulay/status/840236304130428928 Roy Great. It's was the plan all along. Now Allow will get RCS and web browser everything gonna integrate with Duo. I'm all the way in. I never like Hangout. I love Allo. #stop stop babies don't you cry. Jarrett Lennon Kaufman I don't think that's possible. RCS is still mainly just an extension of SMS. If it doesn't support SMS, I don't see it handling RCS. Roy When RCS will come it will be with SMS already. Jarrett Lennon Kaufman Based on what? Besnik Rrustemi No problem guys,we have like 69 other Messaging Apps by Google to choose from and maybe 2 new others coming soon. Roy Haha it's so old. Can someone can come with new jokes here? Besnik Rrustemi Well sorry Old Man then, never knew your age before. * Respect for Old People * Sir_Brizz Let the confusion officially begin! Indianajonze google can go fk themselves Robert Gerhart Why isn't anybody asking the bigger question: why the hell does anyone use outdated SMS in the first place? It's like complaining that Hangouts doesn't integrate butter churns and wagon wheels either. There is nothing more annoying than a text message. Adrien Aubel SMS is always nice to have in some situations, that happen more or less depending on where you live. Uncovered areas, concerts or big games, people having no LTE-enabled plans, or simply on some roads and highways. In USA for example all those scenarios happen a lot, notably in some states. And eventually, in most countries you still use SMS for 3rd party services, banks, transportation, or even government-related messages. Most importantly, in countries that still use SMS you can reach *anybody you know* from one app. And that's really a great thing to have. Now you're right, IM is so much more pleasant. Instant delivery, read status, last active time, way faster image format and transport. At invi ( https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.invi ) we try to take advantage of this and combine both the way it should be. When you open a chat with somebody, we trigger a handshake to check that both you and the recipient are well connected. If one of both doesn't answer on time, it simply switches to SMS/MMS, it's automatic and out of your way. Otherwise you take advantage of state-of-the-art transport with some unique optimizations. Try to send a GIF over IM and see how fast it goes, compared to MMS or even Whatsapp. Let me know what you think! Aaron Simple; SMS is ubiquitous. Every cellular device in operation can send and receive SMS, from the most current and expensive flagships like the iPhone and Galaxy, to the cheapest budget devices, all the way down to the oldest flip phones. I can text my dad on his flip, my wife on her Nexus or my Capt on his iPhone and each one will receive that message and reply. Show me an IM that can do all of that (that isn't on the iPhone). I guess that invi app that guy's been pedaling might, but I'm waiting for it to gain some traction before trying to convince anybody to switch to yet another IM. Rod The rest of the world uses Whatsapp, everyone has it installed. JG Even people with generic flip phones? Rod Nope, but I don't remember the last time I saw someone with a flip phone. The poor now bear Galaxy Win/Pocket/etc JG My aunt still has one. She recently attempted to upgrade to a smartphone but that seems to have failed big time... Apparently my telling her to tap the icon that's labeled "EMAIL" to get her email is too complicated... That and the free phone she got is a PoS... 512MB of RAM and only 4GB of storage - with the OS consuming all but like 100MB there of. So it didn't perform quite so hot. She seemed a bit surprised her free phone didn't perform as well as my Pixel XL does... Rod You're better off simply calling her. Lol JG Or even better off not getting in touch with her period. I also happened to see another flip phone in use while I was out traveling today. TJ Mills Everyone in China uses Wi chat. Rod I believe you meant WeChat. Yes, but WhatsApp still has the largest userbase. TJ Mills Yes, I did mean WeChat. I knew it looked wrong. My point is that not everyone is on WhatsApp in all places in the world. Where SMS is ubiquitous. Rod I have a friend that came from China, and he says most people in China uses WhatsApp as well. It's pretty omnipresent. Aaron And if everyone in the US would get on board with a single IM that would be great. But here iPhone users tend to stick with the stock Messages app. Great for sending iMessages between each other and SMS to the rest of us. Terrible for convincing them to switch to another IM. And most Android users I know use whatever stock SMS message app came with their phone for texting with iPhone users and old people and FB Messenger for IM with everyone in their friends list. So if you have a strategy for getting everyone on a single IM platform I'm sure the Allo team at Google would love to hear it. Jordan L I agree with your post. iphone users LOVE their stock messaging app, as they should it's the best app on their phone. It feels like, at least in my circle, iphone users have the stock messaging app, Facebook Messenger, and Whatsapp. "older" people only have the stock app as they can barely use their phones in the first place. "younger" people all three. Rod Yeah, I know how it works in USA. As a foreigner, it's funny to see how much you guys rely on SMS lol. Aaron Not funny haha but funny sad. :( Rod USA is a world apart. lomsha Believe it or not, even 2g is still a luxury in some countries, which makes​ instant messaging iffy. In those cases sms is a great alternative. Not everyone is in the 1st world with a sweet smartphone and reliable data access. TJ Mills Standard is better than better. When someone comes up with a universal replacement that works on all classes of phones, then the world can switch. Until then it's a mishmash of services and applications​to communicate. Why does everyone still use email? Because of the standards. Michael Sørensen Convince me why I shouldn't... Currently I can write to anyone for free without first asking them what their preferred platform is. And they can reply for free regardless of said preferred platform. Again, convince me why that's not good enough? And don't say "stickers". Just don't. Security? Bah, no sensitive information sent. Robert Gerhart Two words: phone call. Just freaking CALL them... You already have the phone in your hand, and you know they have one as well. If you can condense what you need to say into 144 characters, it probably isn't important enough to bother the other person with in the first place. No more retarded tap-tap-tap... Turb0wned That was a stupid answer. I'm not going to have 15 different messaging apps to be able to talk to people. iMessage just works with everyone. Adrien Aubel Agreed that there's something pretty great about being able to reach *all your friends* from a single app. At least the ones that have a freaking phone numbers :D Of course, it's just how messaging should be but it also makes sense that all big players would heavily restrict any 3rd party integration, messaging is a huge, strategical, market. nigra truo Very good point, sms is over and has been for a long time, it is just that americans are strangely still in love with the ancient spartanic standard, they are backwards compared to the rest of the globe. Whatsapp for example does not support sms because it REPLACES it obviously. Sms can't do rich communication without ugly crutches, try making a free voice or video call through it, send a full size video, high resolution photos, a contact, a document, your location, an audiorecording and everything encrypted. All these things whatsapp can do natively, on all platforms, not just on iphones or apple devices, 1 billion users speak a clear language. Midnitte At this point, I'm held hostage stuck using Hangouts since it's the only thing that natively supports desktop messaging. Sigh. Bryan Chandler Signal has a Chrome app for desktop messaging. https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/signal-private-messenger/bikioccmkafdpakkkcpdbppfkghcmihk?hl=en Midnitte Ah yea, I would prefer something native though, plus I still use Hangouts for some contacts. I lament the loss of merged conversations too Lord Argyris "Each has its disadvantages, though. The latter doesn't have quite the same feature set that Hangouts did, and the former is a Facebook product." It's lines like these that keep.me coming back to AP. JD My support for Google and their messaging platforms ended the beginning of May. Kelly Clubb Well this sucks for any user that enjoyed an easy to use sms app. I use Hangouts and thankfully for project fi will continue it's support BossMa1n3 Eh..doesn't effect me stop using hangout for sms awhile ago..more interested in a flat screen phone with side bezels as thin as the one in the pic.. Grey PLEASE Bring Hangouts Chat and Hangouts Meet to all users. That has so many new and awesome features. It's like everything Allo isn't. DragoCubed The comment section is rough b_boogey_xl Bye Hangouts! hp-fourtwenty oh ffs...voice is still supported??? hell yeah!! nxtiak I'm waiting for the day G+ contacts disappear from Hangouts. I hate how on PC when I type a name to start a conversation it lists random people on G+. SHOW ME THE NAMES FROM MY DAMN CONTACTS GOOGLE!!!!!!!!! Maave RIP Hangouts. I had group chats, Google Voice, and SMS all in one. Now my group chats have moved to Telegram but I'm still stuck with nerfed Hangouts for GV. Chris Wachtman Hey, what's wrong with facebook? /s Gordon Spurgeon Spooner I switched to Signal because of this mess and I've very happy I did---it works great. The only feature I miss is tablet support, but it's coming soon, and unlike Google, when Signal receives a new feature, it's actually ready to be released, and works well. Jason E Perkins Boy am I glad for the second half of that title. ROB TEXTRA DC_Guy If Apple would just open up iMessage to Android, 99% of our messaging problems would be over. haha Dragos Lucian Totally forgot Hangouts existed. I've been using Telegram for quite some time now and I'm more than happy with it. PixelXLellence ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ ᵀʳᵘᵐᵖ The name of the app is very off-putting if they ever wanted to increase adoption among business/serious users. But as I found out just yesterday, it's actually a really nice SMS apparatus. rap Some say SMS is dead. But not everyone has a smartphone or data. SMS works without either. nigra truo Well, if you have a minimalist phone and plan, you will likely be forced to pay for SMS by the same token. Data is the future, smartphones also, it is just a matter till SMS is gone for good everywhere. The most mentioned point is the point that you have to pay for SMS one way or another, it is never free. Adam Margeson Haven't been using it since I switched over to Allo. 1966CAH When it comes to messaging, Google is like an ex-girlfriend. Once, so sweet and alluring, now somebody I want nothing to do with. johdaxx Well, I hope they can sort this mess out eventually. I don't really care too much about SMS per se...but I do need some way to message people that don't have whatever apps I have or have apps I don't have. Especially if they have the audacity to use an iPhone or something. Brandon Hann This didn't affect me since I use Google Voice exclusively and have a data-only plan for my cell service. Let's just hope Google doesn't kill off Google Voice in the future. keithzg I would say, why remove a feature when you're clearly still supporting it for some users anyways, so it's no more maintenance to just leave it enabled for everyone? I would say that, if I thought there was any coherent or rational approach to messaging strategy and development at Google. Personally I switched to Facebook Messenger for SMS, if only because of Chat Heads (multitasking for IM is pretty nice). Was tempted towards Signal, but Signal wants you to import and encrypt your SMS's, and I don't want to get locked into an SMS app. derp_cookies These guys are starting to remind me more and more of Hooli. xyz Good decision. Next step is to discontinue Hangouts, then Allo, then Messages, and then Duo. Follow Android Police 1.49M 472k 145k 119k Latest Deals 9 [Deal Alert] Chromecast Ultra is $59.99 ($10 off) at Google Store, Best Buy, B&H and others 2017/06/04 12:16pm PDTJun 4, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] Google Home is $109 ($20 off) at Best Buy, Google Store, B&H, and others 2017/06/04 10:07am PDTJun 4, 2017 12 [Deal Alert] Kick off the weekend with 24 temporarily free and 52 on-sale apps 2017/06/03 6:50pm PDTJun 3, 2017 18 [Deal Alert] Get a Nextbit Robin for $129.99 on eBay 2017/06/03 9:39am PDTJun 3, 2017 33 [Deal Alert] A Stork's Journey is currently free on Google Play Movies & TV 2017/06/01 10:50pm PDTJun 1, 2017 Latest Poll How many photos are on your Google Photos account? Under 100 100-999 1,000-2,499 2,500-4,999 5,000-9,999 10,000-19,999 20,000-39,999 More than 40,000. View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 67 Asus ZenFone 3 Zoom review: A promising phone that falls victim to bad software and cut corners 2017/05/31 2:21pm PDTMay 31, 2017 113 AOSPA (Paranoid Android) review: back from the dead, and we're thrilled 2017/05/31 9:47am PDTMay 31, 2017 29 Tag Heuer Connected Modular 45 review: It seems like $1,500 should get you more 2017/05/29 9:57am PDTMay 29, 2017 74 [Update, G+ Post] Francisco Franco makes his productivity timer 5217 free to try 2017/05/16 10:01am PDTMay 16, 2017 290 HTC U11 hands-on: HTC gets a little closer to the mark 2017/05/16 12:02am PDTMay 16, 2017 Latest Roundups 13 29 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/24/17 - 5/31/17) 2017/05/31 10:20am PDTMay 31, 2017 8 10 new and notable Android apps from the last week (5/23/17 - 5/29/17) 2017/05/29 12:49pm PDTMay 29, 2017 13 31 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/17/17 - 5/23/17) 2017/05/23 3:06pm PDTMay 23, 2017 16 12 new and notable Android apps and live wallpapers from the last week (5/16/17 - 5/22/17) 2017/05/22 12:48pm PDTMay 22, 2017 16 29 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/10/17 - 5/16/17) 2017/05/16 4:22pm PDTMay 16, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 18 Boost for Reddit removed from Play Store for alleged promotion of drugs, still not back after a week 2017/06/04 4:25pm PDTJun 4, 2017 112 Weekend poll: How many photos are synced to your Google Photos account? 2017/06/04 3:44pm PDTJun 4, 2017 28 Tasker beta v5 brings a fresh Material Design look and a huge list of other changes 2017/06/03 7:27pm PDTJun 3, 2017 12 [Deal Alert] Kick off the weekend with 24 temporarily free and 52 on-sale apps 2017/06/03 6:50pm PDTJun 3, 2017 76 Samsung uploads its Device Maintenance tool to the Play Store 2017/06/03 6:01pm PDTJun 3, 2017 Blast from the Past 60 1 Year Ago Today More Motorola Leaks: 'Style Mod' Replaceable Covers For The Moto X/Z And DROID Come In A Variety Of Materials 2016/06/04 12:27pm PDTJun 4, 2016 40 2 Years Ago Today Chrome Beta v44 Comes With Improvements To 'Native App' And 'Add To Homescreen' Banners, New Push API Features, And More [APK Download] 2015/06/04 5:14pm PDTJun 4, 2015 129 3 Years Ago Today YouTube v5.7 For Android Finally Lets You Select Exact Streaming Quality, As Long As It's 720p Or Lower [APK Download] 2014/06/04 6:16pm PDTJun 4, 2014 3 4 Years Ago Today Google Posts Glass XE6 Factory Image For Your Flashing Pleasure 2013/06/04 8:31pm PDTJun 4, 2013 16 5 Years Ago Today [Update: Pre-Orders Are Live] Sprint Announces The Galaxy S III Available June 21, Pre-Orders Start June 5 - $199 For 16GB, $249 For 32GB 2012/06/04 10:55pm PDTJun 4, 2012 327 6 Years Ago Today [Book Giveaway #2] Looking To Get Into Android Development? We're Giving Away "Hello, Android" To A Lucky Reader 2011/06/04 7:16pm PDTJun 4, 2011 2 7 Years Ago Today HTC EVO 4G OTA Update Comes Out In Time For Launch, Fixes SD Card Problems, Patches Security Issues, But Disables Root - Available Via WiFi As Well 2010/06/04 6:44pm PDTJun 4, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 112 Weekend poll: How many photos are synced to your Google Photos account? 2017/06/04 3:44pm PDTJun 4, 2017 35 It's not just you—there's a widespread Google Home outage 2017/06/04 12:04pm PDTJun 4, 2017 61 Samsung opens up its browser to some non-Samsung devices on the Play Store 2017/06/04 10:30am PDTJun 4, 2017 29 Motorola rolling out Android 7.1.1 to the Moto Z Play 2017/06/04 8:45am PDTJun 4, 2017 18 Boost for Reddit removed from Play Store for alleged promotion of drugs, still not back after a week 2017/06/04 4:25pm PDTJun 4, 2017 Last 7 Days 28 Google Photos v2.16 prepares to upgrade the camera shortcut, suggest photos to archive, and more [APK Teardown + Download] 2017/05/31 11:36pm PDTMay 31, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] Here are 38 temporarily free and 72 on-sale apps, plus both 0.10 Apps of the Week 2017/05/31 2:08pm PDTMay 31, 2017 501 [Update: New details plus Andy Rubin interview] The Essential phone is official, with an edge-to-edge display and the world's smallest 360-degree camera accessory 2017/05/30 7:48am PDTMay 30, 2017 76 Samsung uploads its Device Maintenance tool to the Play Store 2017/06/03 6:01pm PDTJun 3, 2017 24 Plex Live TV is now available for all Plex Pass subscribers, tuner required 2017/06/01 6:00am PDTJun 1, 2017 Last 30 Days 78 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 88 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 28 Google Photos v2.16 prepares to upgrade the camera shortcut, suggest photos to archive, and more [APK Teardown + Download] 2017/05/31 11:36pm PDTMay 31, 2017 94 The Play Store adopts new app and notification icons with v7.8.16 [APK Download] 2017/05/10 6:25pm PDTMay 10, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Advertise | Contact 133 queries | 0.834s | hive Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
Technology & Business Gizmodo Kotaku Lifehacker Business Insider Lifestyle & Shopping POPSUGAR ShopStyle Who What Wear Byrdie MyDomaine Kin Community | Log in / Sign up Reviews Reviews Camera Reviews Sony A9: Australian Review GoPro Karma Drone: Australian Hands On GoPro Hero5: The Gizmodo Review Canon PowerShot G7 X Mark II: Australian Review Car Reviews The Porsche Macan GTS Is The Ultimate City Survival Vehicle The 2017 Honda Civic Si Is The Kind Of Fun That Won't Ruin Your Life 2017 Ford Focus ST: The Jalopnik Review This Motorcycle Sold Me On Electric Dirt Bikes Phone Reviews HTC U11: Australian Review Huawei P10: Australian Review Samsung DeX: The Gizmodo Review BlackBerry KeyOne: The Gizmodo Review PC Reviews Acer Predator 21X: The Gizmodo Review Microsoft Surface Studio: Australian Review Synology RT2600ac: Australian Review Oree's Essential Keyboard Is A Beautiful, Expensive Wooden Treasure Smartwatch Reviews Fitbit Alta HR: Australian Review Fitbit Alta HR: The Gizmodo Review Huawei Fit: The Gizmodo Review Apple Watch Nike+: Australian Review Gadgets Reviews B&O BeoPlay P2: Australian Review Sphero Ultimate Lightning McQueen: The Gizmodo Review Hulu Live TV Is The Best Streaming TV Service Yet, But It Needs Some Work UrbanEars Should Stick To Headphones, Because Its Wi-Fi Speakers Are Garbage Gaming Reviews Allcade 64-Bit Retro Console: The Gizmodo Review The Nintendo Switch: Australian Impressions Noblechairs' Gaming Chair Is For Firm Butts And Deep Pockets The Astro A50s Are Good Headphones With A Great Wireless Station Entertainment Reviews The Wonder Woman Movie Is Even Better Than You Hoped It Would Be The American Gods TV Series Fixes One Of The Book's Biggest Problems John Wick: Chapter 2: The Gizmodo Review A Kid In King Arthur's Court Is The Dumbest Arthurian Legend Ever Told Sony A9: Australian Review B&O BeoPlay P2: Australian Review Acer Predator 21X: The Gizmodo Review The Porsche Macan GTS Is The Ultimate City Survival Vehicle Smart Home & Gadgets Deals: Drop Some Sick Beats In The Shower With This Waterproof Speaker Even If The Siri Speaker Sucks You'll Want It Make Your Own Bootleg HoloLens With The Cardboard Holokit The Most Amazing Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles Set, And More Wonderful Toys Of The Week Mobile Vodafone Is Taking Legal Action Over The ACCC's Domestic Roaming Decision Optus Is Crediting Customers Shortchanged On Data Deals Deals: $230 Off An iPhone SE With Telstra Sony Xperia XA1 Ultra: Australian Price And Availability Car Tech Why You Should Give Your Car A Shitty Paint Job This Is The Coolest Road You've Never Heard Of 'The Great Eight Phantoms' Is A London Exhibition Of Rolls-Royce Magnificence There's A DeLorean Up For Auction In Tasmania Online 17 More Torrent And Streaming Sites Foxtel Wants ISPs To Block Theresa May Calls For International Regulation Of Cyberspace In Wake Of Attacks Amazon Now Has Every Issue Of Omni, The Sci-Fi 'Magazine Of The Future' Everest Now Has Wi-Fi, So You Can Truly Netflix And Chill Science & Health Wind, Solar, Storage And Gas: The CSIRO Maps Out Australia's Energy Future NASA's Plan To Fill The Sky With Red And Green Clouds Has Been Postponed Al Gore's Sequel To An Inconvenient Truth Gets Recut For One Very Obvious Reason Construction Begins On ESO's Extremely Large Telescope, Will Not Have Death Lasers Despite Appearances Cameras Lunch Time Deals: Save $350 On FujiFilm X Series Cameras And XF Lenses Sticking A Camera Under A Faucet Feels Like Hurtling Down A Hypnotic Water Tunnel Unf, These New Images Of Our Seafloor Are Gorgeous This Photographer Shoots 370km/h Formula One Cars On A Camera From 1913 Computing Corsair Wants To Light Up Your Life Deals: Learn To Program For Over 90% Off Eyes On With Asus's Insane New Ultra-Wide Gaming Monitor Monitors With Everything Are Coming Gaming Can't Be Sure, But I Think EB Games Is Having A Sale The Super Nintendo's Most Valuable Games Xbox Game Pass Is An Incredible Idea That Falls Flat (For Now) Microsoft Store Deal: 500GB Xbox One S Bundle For $299 With 2 Free Games Entertainment The Ultimate Wonder Woman Analysis Uh, 'Sharknado 5: Global Swarming' Sounds Bonkers How 'Guardians Of The Galaxy' Proved Marvel Could Do Anything Reach Out To The Truth In The Spoiler-Packed Doctor Who Discussion Thread Toggle navigation Reviews Camera Reviews Car Reviews Phone Reviews PC Reviews Smartwatch Reviews Gadgets Reviews Gaming Reviews Entertainment Reviews Smart Home & Gadgets Mobile Car Tech Online Science & Health Cameras Computing Gaming Entertainment Wind, Solar, Storage And Gas: The CSIRO Maps Out Australia's Energy Future 17 More Torrent And Streaming Sites Foxtel Wants ISPs To Block Deals: Drop Some Sick Beats In The Shower With This Waterproof Speaker What Australian Scientists Say About Trump's Paris Climate Deal Decision How To Abandon iOS And Switch To Android David Nield May 30, 2017, 6:30am ⋅ Filed to:  android apple fieldguide google ios mobile Share Having guided you through the not-all-that-straightforward process of switching from Android to iOS, we're back to tell you how to go in the opposite direction. (Make your mind up will you?) Going from Apple-powered devices to Google's platform is either ridiculously easy or rather taxing, depending on your current setup. Image: Alex Cranz/Gizmodo Do you Google? Good news if you're already heavily invested in the Google ecosystem on your iPhone. You can switch to Android in an hour or two and keep your evening free for seeing friends or browsing Netflix. Otherwise, better cancel those evening plans. Those of you who spend all your time in Gmail, Google Calendar and Google Maps for iOS can simply install those apps on your brand new Android device, sign in using your Google account credentials, and pick up where you left off. The same applies for Google Photos and Google Drive. Google Drive can handle contacts and calendars for you. Image: Google Unlike Apple, Google doesn't have a dedicated app to help you defect to its mobile OS, but it does have a website with a lot of the information you're going to need: essentially you're instructed to use Google Drive to copy over contacts, photos, videos and calendar entries, which we'll cover in more detail below. If you're thinking about switching from iOS to Android in the future, or like to swap mobile OSes on a regular basis, then Google's cloud-centric services make the task much easier — so your best off keeping all your data there. By contrast, the only official Apple app you can get on Android at the moment is Apple Music. Messages and emails Extricating yourself from iMessage is perhaps the biggest challenge facing those jumping ship to Android. iMessage doesn't work on Google's platform, and there's no way to export all your message history into a comparable Android app. You're going to have to say goodbye to iMessage, but you can at least ensure a clean break. As soon as you know you're making the move go into your iOS and navigate to Messages in Settings and turn iMessage off, then go to FaceTime in Settings and turn that off too. Apple's full instructions are here. If you have some precious iMessages or plain old SMSes you can't leave behind, you'll need to rely on third-party software and some rather convoluted processes to back it all up. iSMS2droid promises to import messages from an unencrypted backup you made in iTunes on your computer into Android. If you don't need the backup on your phone, then PhoneView (macOS) and CopyTrans (Windows) are two of many tools that will let you browse your old missives to your heart's content. It's goodbye to iMessage. Image: Screenshot As for emails, Apple's system supports IMAP, so you can carry on checking your iCloud emails through Gmail on Android if you're not having a fresh start and giving up your old email address completely. Tap the drop-down arrow on the Gmail app menu, choose Add account, and follow the configuration instructions provided by Apple. It's the same process if you're using any other kind of email app on your new Android device, like Outlook from Microsoft. The only requirement is that it supports the popular IMAP protocol. You have a couple of other options if putting your iCloud account directly into Gmail doesn't appeal. You can have all your Apple iCloud emails automatically forwarded to your new Gmail address, by going into iCloud Mail on the web and setting up forwarding — you can even delete the originals after they're passed on. Alternatively, you can export all your old emails using Mail on a Mac just in case you ever need them again, then close down your Apple account. Contacts and calendars As long as you just want to make a one-way, one-time switch from iOS to Android, then Google Drive for iOS makes the process of moving contacts and calendars over simple enough. Once you've got the app installed on your iOS device, open the menu then tap Settings and Backup. Choose the data you want to transfer across to the equivalent Google accounts, tap Start Backup and you're on your way — everything from iOS and iCloud gets picked up. Make sure you're on wi-fi, and the iPhone is plugged in during the switchover. Also note, that any previous backups you've done will be overwritten. macOS can help make switching calendars easier. Image: Screenshot If you want a two-way sync, which you might if you're using your Android phone with an Apple laptop, then it's a lot more complicated. The best option, really, is to switch to using Google contacts and calendars as much as you can, and then adding your Google account to the relevant apps in macOS (Add Account from the main app menu in both cases). Even then you need to make sure you're always adding events to the Google calendars (or contacts) and not the iCloud ones for them to show up on your phone. If you absolutely must keep both Google and iCloud services running concurrently, and syncing with each other, then you'll need to put your trust in a third-party app for macOS or Android. Photos and videos Since Google Photos came into the world it's actually pretty easy to get all your personal photos and videos moved over to Android, via Google's servers, as long as they're all still on your iPhone: Install Google Photos for iOS, opt to back everything up, and away you go. You can either pay Google for storage and keep everything at full resolution, or accept some resizing (images max out at 16 MP, videos at 1080p), and store as many photos and videos as you like on the web, free of charge. The process is even more straightforward if you use the Google Drive app as we described in the section above, and Google Photos even supports Live Photos these days, using those extra few frames of animation to create a GIF for you. The only negative is that the albums you've created in iOS don't get copied over (everything appears as one long list of pictures), so you need to create them again. Google Photos can transfer images and videos. (Image: Google) All that is easy enough but if you've got photos in iCloud you've moved off your iPhone then you might have a problem or two on your hands. As we explained in our full guide to the topic of switching between Apple Photos and Google Photos, just about the only option open to you is downloading them all from iCloud to a macOS or Windows machine then uploading them again using a Google Photos client. It's a little convoluted but it's manageable, and it's a lot easier than using the export options in iCloud on the web, which are practically non-existent. If you don't have a computer to act as the middleman between iCloud Photo Library and Google Photos then you're stuck — you'll have to borrow a laptop from someone. Music and movies As we now have Apple Music on Android, getting your iTunes music on your Android device is no longer the exercise in frustration it once was. As far as tunes you've actually purchased directly from iTunes, it's probably the best option out there, though you do need to have signed up for an Apple Music subscription to be able to use the app and get at your purchases. Otherwise, it depends on where your music is and how it's stored. Any plain old MP3s you were syncing to your iPhone from iTunes can be uploaded to Google Play Music instead (50,000 of them can be stored for free), or you can use something like DoubleTwist, which is just about the leading choice if you want to keep on using iTunes alongside Android for your music. If you're signed up for Spotify you just need the Android app. Apple Music, now on Android. Image: Screenshot Likewise, if you've been accessing all your movies and TV shows through Netflix, Plex or Google Play Movies & TV then you just need to find and install the relevant app for Android and you're ready to go. All these services let you stream to multiple devices from a single account, so you can carry on using your iOS device if you need to. However, any videos you've purchased from iTunes won't run on Android at all — there's just no app to do it unless Apple ever gets around to making one. Several tools out there will do the job of removing iTunes DRM for you, but since we're getting into murky legal territory with that, we'll leave you to discover them for yourself. If you've invested hundreds of dollars in an iTunes digital library then you can still watch it on macOS, Windows, and the Apple TV, but not Android. Apps and games Generally speaking, all the apps you use on your iPhone are going to be available on Android as well, though there are a few exceptions — like Overcast and Day One. In terms of paid-for apps, you're going to have to pay for them all again, unfortunately, though something like a Spotify subscription buys you access on both Android and iOS. Whether all your data (from documents to saved games) moves over with you is another matter and worth checking up on before you make the switch. If you're in any doubt, get in touch with the developer directly to see what the situation is (you might be out of luck with anything that relies heavily on the iCloud storage system). Some paid-for iOS games, like Alto's Adventure, are free to play on Android. (Image: Noodlecake Studios Inc) We can't give you a guide to everything out there, but think about your productivity, fitness, and banking apps. Assess how much data is stored locally and what's going to happen to it. If you can, keep your old iPhone and new Android phone running alongside each other for a while until you're certain everything's been moved over successfully without too many bumps in the road. You might not believe it if you've read everything that's above, but moving from iOS to Android is actually much easier than it used to be, thanks mainly to an increased focus on cloud services (even, belatedly, from Apple itself). As long as you take your time, and don't live your life inside iMessage, you don't have to feel daunted by the task. WATCH MORE: Tech News Comments tonyintsv @tonyintsv May 28, 2017, 11:26am You can't. It's too late for the iSheep. Abandon them and concentrate on saving their children! Reply -3 dknigs @dknigs May 29, 2017, 12:37am Android users are like vegans and religious nuts. Nobody asked them, nobody actually has a problem with their choice, but they definitely have a problem with yours and are going to give you 12 reasons as to why theirs is better! Reply 3 beatsbynelly @beatsbynelly May 29, 2017, 12:03pm the recent outrage re: Bunnings Vegan snags is proof that there are plenty of people who have a problem with their choice. and also the girl that said I was poor cause I had an HTC X10 instead of an iPhone can get fucked. I just don't want to spend over $1000 on something I'm probably going to drop within the next couple of years. Reply 0 dknigs @dknigs May 29, 2017, 12:13pm Yea the price difference on a plan is pretty minimal, but no way I'd buy a $1000+ phone outright unless I was able to write it off on tax. Reply -1 beatsbynelly @beatsbynelly May 30, 2017, 10:05am maybe I am poor, I buy outright and am on prepaid cause I'm on Wi-Fi 99% of the time. I spend maybe $25 a month at most. Reply 0 carln @carln May 30, 2017, 1:19pm I'm not poor, but I have a Redmi Note 3 Special Edition because it gave me Band 28 and 32GB storage for $200 (No NFC though which is a bummer, and a bad camera). I'm also on prepaid. Reply 0 backfromthedead @backfromthedead May 29, 2017, 1:31pm Religious nuts ? Which nuts are religious. Peanuts, cashews, almonds ??? ;) Reply 0 Bonza Guest May 30, 2017, 7:44am Cashews are legumes. Reply 0 arranw @arranw May 29, 2017, 4:31pm I agree Reply 0 alexporubay @alexporubay May 31, 2017, 12:28am That's fine, there is still a chance) Especially if you no longer consider iPhone as an element of status. Even for developers it is already more profitable to make applications on android. Reply 0 dknigs @dknigs May 29, 2017, 12:34am I don't use any apple services except imessage on my iPhone, works beautifully with exchange from outlook.com with custom domain. Android though? It would constantly hassle and nag me to create a gmail and convert my custom domain google account into an alias. No thanks. All major phone OS support exchange or imap, if you use it for syncing your emails, calendar and contacts it doesn't matter what phone you buy, or if you lose your phone, you will always get them back. Don't get suckered into ANY walled garden whether it be Apple, Google, or even your ISP's email (especially the awful pop3 options). They all exist to keep you as a customer and make moving inconvenient, without offering any real benefit. I have moved from iOS, to Windows Phone, to Android and back to iOS without going through any of the bullcrap in this article, because I set up exchange email/contact/calendar sync from the very beginning on my first smartphone. Now with Windows 10, all the exact same things are synced live. Just make sure your photos are backed up, especially if they're the only place you have 4000 photo's of your children, and you're free of the shackles Apple and Google hope to restrain you. Reply -3 mark_d @mark_d May 29, 2017, 11:46am It would constantly hassle and nag me to create a gmail and convert my custom domain google account into an alias. No thanks. Not once has android ever asked me to convert my custom domain to a gmail service. Try again. Any gmail account is required to use the app store. Gosh, who would have thought just like Apple. Don't get suckered into ANY walled garden whether it be Apple, Google, or even your ISP's email 100% agreed. Reply 2 pformagg @pformagg May 29, 2017, 10:12am App to transfer over wifi or cable - native music from iTunes onto Android - iSyncr App for Google Calendar, Exchange, Daum Calendar, Naver Calendar, iCloud, Yahoo! Calendar, Yahoo! and any other calendar services that support CalDAV. - SolCalendar. Reply 0 meincranbourne @meincranbourne May 29, 2017, 10:36am Yeah, this sounds great and all, but why are Android phones rooted by their owners? Why doesn't my iPhone need to be scanned by anti-virus/anti-malware software? Why am I bothering to put these point to you? I'd use a windows phone before I would return to an android zombie phone. Reply -7 pformagg @pformagg May 29, 2017, 10:58am For 100% customisation and illegal apps. I would say 99% of Android users don't root their phones. Reply 5 soldant @soldant May 29, 2017, 11:02am When I had a Galaxy Note (first one) I rooted to do a custom Android install to make the phone faster and better on battery life... because Samsung did a shitty job with the stock install. Some devices can benefit quite a bit from root and customisation, particularly those afflicted by bloat or lower end hardware. Some software relies on root to work. The vast majority of users don't need it and probably don't even know what it is. Reply 0 mark_d @mark_d May 29, 2017, 11:48am Why do iPhone users have to root the phones by their owners? Why does iPhone need to be scanned by anti-virus/anti-malware software? Reply 0 carln @carln May 30, 2017, 1:18pm My phone is rooted to be able to do real app backups: particularly for moving Google Authenticator between devices. 99% of the time I don't need it rooted, but on those rare occasions when I need elevated privileges then it's what I need. Most Android phones are not rooted. Most Android devices also don't need to be scanned by anti-virus/anti-malware software, but the much lower level of curation that Google applies to the app store means that it is more likely that malicious apps can reach Google Play than the Apple App Store. Of course, it also means Google doesn't block satirical or political apps seemingly arbitrarily either (see https://bits.blogs.nytimes.com/2010/05/26/apples-struggle-with-political-app/?_r=0). With the improving permissions models on Android, the impact of malicious apps is somewhat reduced. However, because Android device manufacturers are almost uniformly hopeless at providing updates for any reasonable length of time Android devices are much more likely to be vulnerable. In general, Apple devices are more secure over a long period. I say this as an Android user. Also, don't imagine that there are no malicious apps on the Apple App Store (http://www.bbc.com/news/technology-34338362 http://fortune.com/2016/03/16/malware-infect-apple-iphone-ipad/ http://www.computerworld.com/article/2498560/security0/researcher-plants-rogue-app-in-apple-s-app-store.html) so don't get too comfortable on your high-horse, assuming you're not adhered to it. Also, iPhone is no longer the innovation leader in phones that it once was. Reply 0 Irina Guest May 29, 2017, 2:20pm Hi David! Irina from CopyTrans here. Just wanted to stop by and thank you for mentioning CopyTrans Contacts in your article. Take care :) Reply 0 coldarmyman @coldarmyman May 29, 2017, 3:19pm having spent 20k on the itunes store over the years (movies and tv shows) not having the ability to use my entire catalogue on android has stopped me. oh and google photos app is the worst. i left it updating 10000+ photos on wifi and a week later it still had not finished Reply 0 soldant @soldant May 29, 2017, 3:48pm Really? It's not fast (few of them are in Australia, I think OneDrive is probably one of the better ones myself) but it's still way better than iCloud Photos, which has the most ridiculous syncing system ever. Reply 0 lunchbox99 @lunchbox99 May 29, 2017, 3:55pm Yeah totally ridiculous how you just take photos and they magically appear on your tablet or laptop/desktop (windows or mac). Such a hassle. Reply 0 soldant @soldant May 29, 2017, 4:34pm You can't selectively sync though, and it still keeps a local copy that chews up local storage. There's no way to really control it. One of the best parts of syncing is the ability to move stuff off local storage (especially given how absurdly expensive storage is on iOS devices). Reply 1 joshuaholmes @joshuaholmes May 30, 2017, 9:31am You can save space- iCloud Photo Library keeps all of your photos and videos in their original, high-resolution version. You can save space on your device when you turn on Optimize Storage. Reply 0 soldant @soldant May 30, 2017, 10:12am But it still stores a vast bulk of photos locally and there's no real way to control what it does or doesn't keep. It's vastly inferior to Google Photos or OneDrive. It could be easily fixed but Apple went for a strange system and ended up with something that only gets it half right. Reply 0 lunchbox99 @lunchbox99 May 29, 2017, 3:54pm Wtf? You spent $20k on itunes? You must have rocks in your head...lol. I thought I went too far buy $300 worth of itunes cards at 25% off sale to get music. At least the music files are DRM free. Reply 2 Join the discussion! Log In Sign Up Guest Access Join the discussion! Cancel Reply Log In / Sign Up Name Email You are starting a new discussion. You are replying to a comment. Cancel Edit × Comment Voting Up Votes Down Votes × Only logged in users may vote for comments! Please log in or register to gain access to this feature. No Thanks Log In Sign Up × Get Permalink Close Trending Stories Right Now What Australian Scientists Say About Trump's Paris Climate Deal Decision Rae Johnston 04 Jun 2017 6:30 AM Before the news of Donald Trump's decision to exit the Paris Climate agreement broke, we heard the opinions of several leading experts in climate science about what exactly it would mean if the US pulled out of the global deal. Here's what they had to say. NYPD Fails To Convince Court Its Deafening Sound Cannon Is Just A 'Communication Tool' Sidney Fussell 03 Jun 2017 1:00 PM On Wednesday, a US federal judge ruled that the sound emitted from the NYPD's Long Range Acoustic Devices -- portable sound cannons that blast noise -- could be considered a use of force, contrary to the police department's claims. The LRAD can blast sound as loudly as 136 decibels. That's louder than a jackhammer or a jet engine and above the 120 db threshold for immediate human hearing loss. Want Gizmodo's email newsletter? Subscribe Alert me about competitions & deals Have a tip? Contact our editors! Latest Deals Deals: Drop Some Sick Beats In The Shower With This Waterproof Speaker Deals: $230 Off An iPhone SE With Telstra Deals: Here, Have A VPN For 90% Off Deals: Learn To Program For Over 90% Off Trending Articles 1 What Australian Scientists Say About Trump's Paris Climate Deal Decision 2 NYPD Fails To Convince Court Its Deafening Sound Cannon Is Just A 'Communication Tool' 3 17 More Torrent And Streaming Sites Foxtel Wants ISPs To Block Vodafone Is Taking Legal Action Over The ACCC's Domestic Roaming Decision Wind, Solar, Storage And Gas: The CSIRO Maps Out Australia's Energy Future Can't Be Sure, But I Think EB Games Is Having A Sale Optus Is Crediting Customers Shortchanged On Data Deals The Best Tekken 7 Characters For Beginners The Opera House Is Hosting A Two-Day Minecraft Event Look At This Sonic Statue Hotline Miami Cover Artist On His Distinct Visual Style, Music, And Beard This Crash Between A 2015 And A 1998 Toyota Corolla Shows How Far Car Safety Has Come Prepare For Extreme Weather With These Emergency Essentials [Infographic] Optus To Refund Prepaid Customers After Secretly Cutting Their Data Inclusions Ask LH: Are Drones Being Banned In Australia? Everything you need to know about the acclaimed female director behind 'Wonder Woman' Matt Moran is back in the Sydney pub where his cooking career began NAB is collaborating with an Israeli crowdfunding platform to offer startup investments The 6 shows Netflix has canceled, including the edgy sci-fi series 'Sense8' that was just cut after 2 seasons © 2007-2017 Allure Media About Advertise Contact Terms of Use Gizmodo International × Log in to Gizmodo Username or Email Password Remember me Login Don't have an account? Create one here Forgot your password? Click here to reset × Sign up to Gizmodo User Details @ This is your permanent identity for Gizmodo, Kotaku and Lifehacker Australia. Your email must be valid for account activation Minimum of 8 standard keyboard characters Subscriptions Email newsletters will contain a brief summary of our top stories, plus details of competitions and reader events. Gizmodo Newsletter Kotaku Newsletter Lifehacker Newsletter Yes, I wish to receive exclusive discounts, special offers and competitions from our partners. Send Activation Email Already have an account? Log in × Reset Password Email Reset Password Back to login × Gizmodo International Gizmodo US Gizmodo UK Gizmodo Spain Gizmodo Brazil Gizmodo Japan Close
Skip to Navigation Skip to Content SuperSite for Windows Search: Stay Connected Twitter Facebook Google+ RSS IT/Dev Connections About Newsletter Register Log In Username or e-mail: * Password: * Remember me Forgot Your Password? close Windows Windows 10 Windows RT Windows 8 Windows 7 Windows Vista Windows XP Mobile Windows Phone Mobile Devices Cloud OneDrive Outlook.com Skype Windows Server Office Music & Videos Games Xbox 360 Xbox One Podcasts Advertisement Home > Mobile > Android > The Android App Revolution on Chromebooks Is Still on Hold The Android App Revolution on Chromebooks Is Still on Hold May 26, 2017 Derek Walter EMAIL Tweet Comments 2 Getty Images Advertisement It’s been over a year since Google, with great enthusiasm, showed off how Android apps would transform Chromebooks. The Google Play Store was coming, and with it millions of Android applications that would resolve the “app gap” keeping Chrome OS from being a serious contender for many. Microsoft Office, social media applications, and even some popular games would help Chromebooks grow beyond their reputation as simple machines that are just for browsing the web. It hasn’t gone so well. According to the Google site that tracks which Chromebooks are Play Store eligible, only a handful are on board. And even when the flagship Samsung Chromebook Pro launches the Play Store’s inclusion will still technically be in beta. There was no splashy demo at I/O this year, but there was one developer event that unrolled a lightly scratched out roadmap of where things are going. The future’s coming, just not quite as quickly as we thought. The Latest from Google I/O A Google I/O session led by Shahid Hussain, a product manager on Chrome OS, shed some light on why this effort is slogging along. For example, Google is grappling with performance and proper implementation of its own apps from smartphones to Chromebooks. The presentation featured a view of Google Maps, which awkwardly showed empty bars on either side of the app when it was launched on a Chromebook. Not surprisingly, turning applications that were originally built for devices that fit in pockets into software for more traditional computers is a serious challenge. One remedy is a new Chrome emulator beta for developers to test how their app looks and performs on a Chromebook. It’s one of many pieces of technical work that Google is doing to improve the experience. Additionally, apps built for Android Nougat and the forthcoming Android O will be further optimized for Chromebooks, with the Google team pushing to ensure features like using apps in split-screen mode and easy window resizing come to be. If there’s one upside to this nearly year-long beta test, is that it means everything will hopefully be sorted out correctly. Google knows this process needs to be smoothed out, it’s just unfortunate that a $550 laptop will launch with what feels like an unfinished feature. Where Chromebook Use Stands Today In principle I love the concept of a Chromebook. My productivity life revolves Google apps, and as an Android user I enjoy the integration that comes with all my tabs syncing across Chrome and the “buy once, use anywhere” ethos of the Play Store. The other day my Windows 10 PC reported that 98 percent of my battery life usage was, you guessed it, from Chrome. Cutting out the middleman OS makes a lot of sense. The Play Store is a great idea, it just hasn’t quite resolved all of the pain points for going all-in with Chrome OS. However, much of the work world still runs in Office, so using Microsoft’s app suite is essential. Not all Microsoft apps have been fully vetted for Chrome - for example, I can download Outlook and OneDrive to my Asus Chromebook Flip but not Word, Excel, or PowerPoint. Yes, there are the Office Online versions, but the rapid development pace of the Android applications make these the ideal suitors for my productivity needs. A device like the Chromebook Pro tempts me as a potential daily driver. For others who may have lighter computing needs, a Chromebook is the right choice. I want to get there, but Android apps, even with some excellent choices like Adobe’s suite, still haven’t quite won me over. A Brighter Road Ahead? Google thrives on optimism, so of course there’s a plan for how to resolve the future of the integration of Android apps with Chromebooks. As The Verge discovered, the Samsung Chromebook Pro will kick off what Google plans to be a new phase, where some Android features may one day come to Chrome OS before they hit Android. That would be a great coup, because Chromebooks are on a six-week update cycle. Android, by contrast, has an annual dessert-themed upgrade with monthly security releases. While this won’t happen with Android O, it’s easy to see why specific APIs or features that make sense on a Chromebook shouldn’t have to wait to come to phones first. Such a new scheme would certainly be welcome. Scaling things up from mobile to a larger form factor isn’t easy - even the iPad Pro has plenty of growing pains. But getting this right is critical if Google is going to take Chrome OS deeper into the enterprise and consumer markets as a viable option to the current platform kings. Print reprints Favorite EMAIL Tweet Discuss this Article 2 CajunMoses on May 26, 2017 I think that what Google is experiencing with melding Chrome OS and Android is what Microsoft experienced when trying to meld MS DOS with the original Windows GUI. Let's hope that Google fares better than MS did because MS never even came close to figuring out how to make it work properly. Login or register to post comments mixlikes on May 29, 2017 This is an informative post about Android App Revolution on Chromebooks. I am waiting for new update. Login or register to post comments Please Log In or Register to post comments. Advertisement Related Articles Here Are the Security Implications of Android Apps Coming to Chromebooks Android apps on Windows Phone are still a thing apparently 8 In New Attack on Windows, Chromebook Heads to Intel "Haswell" 47 Is There Still Room for Blackberry and Windows Phone? 60 Microsoft announces release of Outlook app for iOS and Android 10 Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement WinSuperSite.com Windows Mobile Cloud Windows Server Office Music & Videos Games Podcasts Site Features Media Center RSS Sitemap Site Archive View Mobile Site Penton Privacy Policy Terms of Service About Us Advertise Follow US Twitter Facebook Google+ RSS Search WinSuperSite.com Search: SuperSite for Windows Related Penton Sites Dev Pro SharePoint Pro SQL Server Pro Windows IT Pro IT/Dev Connections myITforum Advertisement Copyright © 2017 Penton Sponsored Introduction Continue on to (or wait seconds) ×
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us ... Google Contacts 2.0 includes a cleaner UI and changes to contact management [APK Download] Corbin Davenport Follow View All Posts 2017/05/11 1:53pm PDTMay 11, 2017 72 Plus 1 on G+ 155 Share on Facebook 123 Share on Twitter Total Shares350 Applications Downloads Google News The Google Contacts application really hasn't changed much over the years - after all, it just has to store contacts. Last year the app was updated with a hamburger menu and the ability to merge duplicates. Now Google has released version 2.0 of the Contacts app, with more design improvements and changes to how contacts are sorted. New design Contacts 2.0 has several minor interface tweaks all over the place, which address a few gripes I (and likely some of you) have had with the application. The actual list of contacts looks the same, but the slide-out menu now features an account switcher.    Left: Contacts 1.6; Center, Right: Contacts 2.0 Previously, the app would show all contacts from all your synced Google accounts together. Now you can easily keep contacts separate, or still combine all of them if you want. Another noticeable change is on the contacts themselves - the user icon has been reduced to a small circle instead of covering the top half of the screen.   Left: Contacts 1.6; Right: Contacts 2.0 There are a few other changes on the contact pages. The menu has removed the option to link a contact, but it has a new 'Move' item that moves contacts to another Google account. The edit button has also been moved to a floating action button. Other changes Moving on to the app settings, you can now choose which accounts to use when exporting contacts. Contacts 2.0 also supports Android O's notification channels, with a single channel called 'Notifications' (really helpful name, I know).   A quick look at the APK code reveals that this channel is used for export status notifications. I'm not really sure what the point of implementing Notification Channel support is if your app only has one kind of notification, but props to the Contacts team for getting a head start on Android O support. Finally, there is a new splash screen when you open Contacts for the first time: It basically just tells you that the app will automatically back up your contacts, which might not have been immediately obvious to people using Android for the first time. APK Download The APK is signed by Google and upgrades your existing app. The cryptographic signature guarantees that the file is safe to install and was not tampered with in any way. Rather than wait for Google to push this download to your devices, which can take days, download and install it just like any other APK. Version: 2.0.7 APK Mirror Tags apk download contacts download downloads Google google contacts subscribe ... Previous Story [Deal Alert] Get 10,000 Amazon Appstore coins for $65 ($35 off) through May 25th ... Next Story Lighthouse is an intelligent assistant that can identify people and pets, backed by Andy Rubin Trending 78 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 88 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 Comments Pessimippopotamus I honestly can't say which contact portrait is the bigger waste of space. https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/f165c7df3753eb86f6096722eefa79bdc22e90d44f368173cbd68f15ee6e4f8c.png Corbin Davenport They tried Pessimippopotamus I guess it's largely inconsequential, but it such a Google thing to do. Grey Corbin, please. You have to rip Google for this. It's inexcusable. Someone needs to put pressure on the company for their ridiculous UI beliefs. Wasted space galore, circular images for the sake of circular images. This is the peak of their insanity. We used to rip Google for their UI issues all the time. Now they are trying, but that doesn't mean we no longer criticize them. Look at this! I still remember the Nexus 4 announcement, when they introduced this version of Contacts. They praised the big, beautiful, high-res images, and the fact that the new camera could capture them. Now it's five years later and we've gone in the complete opposite direction? Please, someone at AP step up to the plate. Filipe Santos Yup, the overall changes are very good but that wasting space is so bad.... They try at least like Corbin said morteum Why are these tiny contact pictures becoming a thing? Filipe Santos People are starting to use glasses 😂😂 Jimk4003 I think it's because a lot of contact photos are low Res images synced of social media that look awful when blown up to fill half a screen. A smaller photo might not be as dramatic, but at least it isn't a pixelated mess. At least, I assume that's the thinking behind it. Corbin Davenport Yeah, blurry contact photos were a constant problem with the old design. Though, a tiny icon that takes up almost as much space isn't much better. Mochen Liu But you can change a high res photo yourself if you cam't stand it... I have high res photos for most of my contacts. Android Developer How ? You took a picture yourself, or used an app like "SyncMe" (https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.syncme.syncmeapp&hl=en) or "ContactSync" (https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.lb.contacts_sync&hl=en) ? Grey Blurry contact photos are only a problem if you don't care about your contact photos. And if you don't care about them, then you aren't interested in fixes. Savage Alien I remember some of this being Google's fault. A while back, before the whole Material Design era, There was inconsistent syncing between web and mobile and somehow resulted in low res version of the images being synced even when you used high res images since the servers would keep low res copies for thumb nails and things. tismondo Has this problem been fixed? It definitely happened to me - I stopped bothering managing my contact photos because I got tired of blurry versions syncing across every time I replace my phone or flash a ROM. Sashank Narayan Yes, it has since been fixed. I haven't had the issue in a few years now. Elizabethmgamble Google is paying 97$ per hour! Work for few hours and have longer with friends & family! !mj247: On tuesday I got a great new Land Rover Range Rover from having earned $8752 this last four weeks.. Its the most-financialy rewarding I've had.. It sounds unbelievable but you wont forgive yourself if you don’t check it !mj247: ➽➽ ➽➽;➽➽ http://GoogleFinancialJobsCash247HomeSocialGetPay$97Hour... ★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★:::::!mj247:....,....... Maxr1998 Well, you can of course just click the image to expand it to fullscreen, right? Right?! - Oh nevermind, it's Google, how could I forget. sigh.. EDIT: OH MY GOD, YOU ACTUALLY CAN! catalysto Actually, you can do exactly that. Maxr1998 Yeah, just found out myself. Everything ok then 😜 Willie Chalmers III At least Google followed their material design guidelines in the original layout. The newer layout is a true waste of space. PixelXLellence ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ ᵀʳᵘᵐᵖ +1 for cute doggie pic. http://livewallpaper.info/wp-content/uploads/2016/08/cute-dog-wallpaper12.jpg JacobTheDev I honestly prefer the old one, never had an issue with "wasted space." It's not really wasted, it's a design decision, and I think it's effective in that it treats the contact as a person and not just a bunch of random data; it helped to identify who's contact information you where looking at. I hope this doesn't affect how phone calls come in... Chris Wachtman I really prefer the old design on the left. I set decent photos for my frequent contacts, and I enjoy seeing them prominently displayed. Anyone else use the Contact homescreen widget? Alfredo Hernández Exactly, it would suck big time if they gave the Phone app the same treatment. incognito27 I wouldn't call the left one a waste of space. It actually looks nice. There is nothing wrong with it. The right one though. Ooohooo. The circular icon seems pointless. Winston This is why I like Samsung's Contacts app. It displays a tiny circle like the version 2.0 one if the image is low res, but displays a half-height full-res image like the earlier build if it has an HD one. Which you can swipe down to view in its entirety. Fruity101079 Seriously, this is so stupid. Why selling big screen phones if it's to have ridiculous tiny pictures!!?? If people have blurry pictures, that's their problems. A lot of us took time to use "high res" pictures for all our contacts. And we have to deal with people who doesn't care.... >:( F4LL0U7 I was hoping the Contacts app would bring in the recently-removed feature from Google+ that allows you to keep your contacts up to date, using your contacts' linked Google accounts and downloading that info into your own Contacts app. Since they removed that feature from G+, when I got a new phone I had to download an old version of G+, sync contacts, and then update G+. Another gripe I have about Contacts: every time I reset my phone, the contacts that I previously merged (before resetting) become unmerged and I have to do it all over again. Michael Tran I think it just pulls automatically now. I added a new contact and entered in their gmail and it pulled the photo automatically. The option is gone from G+ but it still did it anyway. F4LL0U7 Pulling the photo always worked, but linking with G+ pulled in all other info, like address, phone, etc. as well. Michael Tran Ah okay. I understand now. cadtek91 This also took away the ability for the phone to download your own photo for the User account photo in the quicksettings drawer. Savage Alien I've never liked having a blank user picture, and each time I wiped my phone I'd be frustrated having to remember how to get mine to show up. Always surprised this was a feature "buried" in Google+.... and now it's gone? No other way to have your google photo to show up? F4LL0U7 Can you believe that?! The only other way is to manually select a photo yourself. There doesn't seem to be any other way to pull in your Google profile pic, other than installing an old version of G+. Disqusman Yup...only realised that yesterday when I reset my Nexus 6P. Sux. I manually set a photo...but I may download an older version of G+ to get all the contacts to sync. cadtek91 Not that I know of. You could manually add the same photo but eh. F4LL0U7 I hate that! That's the main reason why I grabbed an old version of G+, so I could have my profile pic show up. Phil Worst decision ever. I see I'm not the only one who keeps an old Version of G+ around for that exactly. Downloads at APK Mirror must have gone up quite a lot :D F4LL0U7 I should probably do that too. Now that I think of it, I have no idea which version I download. Which version is it? Tiuri Elvander If you add a picture to your Allo profile, this picture shows up in the quick settings drawer. cadtek91 I have an Allo picture, but still no user picture. YouNex Merging contacts has always been a mess, it never syncs properly. Just copy any additional details and remove the other doublons, keep only 1 per each contact. It's manual but more fail-proof Ben Godfrey This used to bug me too. I think if you merge contacts via the new web interface (the pretty material design one, not the old Gmail-looking one), it will sync the changes across everything. It's been a while since I've had to merge duplicates, though -- somebody let me know if this is incorrect. F4LL0U7 Cool thanks, I'll try that! Carson Saldanha Finally none of those low-res, blown up contact pictures. Savage Alien Haven't had that issue in years. Carson Saldanha It's mainly with those people who use low-res pics for their Google account. Savage Alien I'd take fuzzy photo over this new design. I have maybe one low res contact photo and I picked it myself for nostalgia reasons. Cameras on phones are only getting better, too, so this isn't a great excuse to use going forward... (and even much older phone would likely take passable photos) Luzandro Haven't seen this for a long time, but even if this is a real problem for some people, there are better ways to solve it. For example I've seen a dialer/contacts app (don't recall the name) where some sort of dots effect was applied to low res images, which made them look quite nice actually roberto.elena Can the contact names still be edited using multiple fields like name prefix, first name, middle name, etc. or is it all one field now like in the new web version? Tiuri Elvander Customising which groups show up doesn't work for me. People from other groups are still shown in the list. Martins Nkem Looks like the Samsung contact app.. Good job Google Kurt Gomez Can't link contacts across accounts anymore Mochen Liu I love the yuge portrait design... why google? why?... Savage Alien Terrible design. Haven't updated my Phone Dialer app either because they made the same change to it months ago. Android Developer It's even worse during call. What's the point of having HQ image for contacts, if I can't see them nicely during call... I tried to request for this here: https://issuetracker.google.com/issues/36705104 But for some reason they didn't agree. Bewear It's... ugly. Tim Harman Can you pick which photo to use from the multiples available in a merged account? It annoys me no end I can't pick the really lovely photo of my wife, instead of just the lovely one Google picked. It used to be a feature, then it went away somewhere. Trevor Hawk They also removed the ability to customize which contacts to display in settings Corbin Davenport Are you sure? It's still there for me. Trevor Hawk Yep. It's gone for me. https://drive.google.com/open?id=0B6dKMVDga-L9MkwxZGJDUVJBLW8 Alfredo Hernández Damn, that's weird. I definitely still have it on mine. Tiuri Elvander In your first screenshot there an option "contact to display". Surely that's what you want??? Trevor Hawk Thats a screen shot of the older version Tiuri Elvander Ah, my bad. That's very weird. 2 Men-E I much prefer the large contact picture... whispy_snippet Same. Disqusman Agree 100% derp_cookies We also preferred an integrated, all-in-one chat application too... YouNex Whiter =/= cleaner, this isn't some sort of effing clothes King_Android This might the first time ever I will wait for an update to be forced upon me with a Google app. 😱 jcopernicus I can honestly say the contact portraits are great use of space. Not some soul less list of information. https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/a4a682a8e0c801948117beab20317cc0df2b2d6bac2c85d9ac535412608edc9f.png Ygor Cortes The new contact page with the ridiculously small picture looks disgusting. The old one was much better. Oh Google... Ygor Cortes I'm glad that I don't use Google Contacts anymore for a while now! Timothy Bracken It looks like your blocked numbers are now part of the contacts app. Does this mean that blocked numbers are now backed up and restorable? I can't test this since I don't have a 2nd device. Grey Does Contacts have a Personal Profile yet that is stored on the web? How does Google not have that in 2017? Corbin Davenport It does if you go to settings and tap 'Your info.' Grey That's a local profile. It's not available on the web. In the Gmail app, when I ask it to add my email to contacts, it can't see my "Your Info", and it instead looks for a contact entry. It doesn't exist. Android is 8 years old and does not have this option. Tiuri Elvander Your Google+ profile??? Grey Which is not a part of Contacts. Also, maybe you don't want to use Google+ but would like to have a "Self" profile in your contacts (without making yourself your own contact entry). Winston Being a Google app, I'm surprised it's not already on version 89.7 JG I have a cross-platform upgrade that involves Contacts I'd love to see Google make... Google made a comment about their commitment to helping improve online security [probably in an article talking about their use of HTTPS helping to encrypt the majority of web traffic]. I'd like to see them step this commitment up. They're working on a key server that's supposedly more focused on linking the key to a particular profile (to ensure the key belongs to the person claiming its theirs). I'd like to see Google launch the service. Create a new app that allows us to either create a new key or upload an existing key. Update Contacts to link to the key server database and automatically pair contacts with their corresponding public keys (if a match exists). Update Android Messages, Hangouts, Allo, GMail, et al to automatically encrypt any outgoing messages to contacts with public keys. Then even non-technical people can begin using encrypted messages. All it'd take is to download an app, tap a button or two and bam. Disqusman My God! Who made that decision to go with the tiny circular image?! The large contact picture is so much more beautiful. I really dislike how they changed the UI in the dialer to the small contact picture as well :/ ast00 The new contact page with the tiny picture and lots of wasted space is a step back. Shailesh Kumar Is it only exclusive to pixel devices? How can I have this on my moto x style? Daan Smit Guys, I am just not able to display contacts from a number of Google contact groups and my outlook contacts. I can only see my outlook contacts if I either opt for viewing all candidates or only outlook contacts. This also happens on the standard OnePlus3t contacts app. It used to work on Marshmallow though. Is this an Android issue? Exalm It seems they're getting rid of cards and shadows everywhere in favor of simple lists.Flat notifications and quick settings (Nougat), flat dialing screen, flat app drawer in Pixel Launcher, flat Play Store My Apps screen, and now flat contact page. What next? :) Cakefish I'm planning to replace my Galaxy S7 with the Pixel 2 this year because I usually prefer Google's UI, but in this case I actually prefer Samsung's contact app UI: https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/55ecc6c4c968731fab76e21b370c08aeaf4c2fce79c88314a96bbbf54656503b.png Alex Rusinov How do you link / merge contacts now? Selecting multiple contacts doesn't provide an option to merge only to share. Also I can't find "link" feature anywhere, only "unlink" Zachary Dunn Cleaner? You mean they got rid of the colorful highlights and made it into another white/gray bland app. They could have scaled down the image a bit to take less space. But a full hero image looks much better than a huge gray space with a tiny avatar iamakii I'm liking this cleaner look and interface Nick Felker Regarding notification channels, they will be required in Android O for all apps before a notification can be presented. So expect to see other apps follow suit. Just Is the rollout halted? I'm still not seeing 2.0. Not that if I crave to have it whith this new tiny avatar circle. Follow Android Police 1.49M 472k 145k 119k Latest Deals 9 [Deal Alert] Chromecast Ultra is $59.99 ($10 off) at Google Store, Best Buy, B&H and others 2017/06/04 12:16pm PDTJun 4, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] Google Home is $109 ($20 off) at Best Buy, Google Store, B&H, and others 2017/06/04 10:07am PDTJun 4, 2017 12 [Deal Alert] Kick off the weekend with 24 temporarily free and 52 on-sale apps 2017/06/03 6:50pm PDTJun 3, 2017 18 [Deal Alert] Get a Nextbit Robin for $129.99 on eBay 2017/06/03 9:39am PDTJun 3, 2017 33 [Deal Alert] A Stork's Journey is currently free on Google Play Movies & TV 2017/06/01 10:50pm PDTJun 1, 2017 Latest Poll How many photos are on your Google Photos account? Under 100 100-999 1,000-2,499 2,500-4,999 5,000-9,999 10,000-19,999 20,000-39,999 More than 40,000. View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 67 Asus ZenFone 3 Zoom review: A promising phone that falls victim to bad software and cut corners 2017/05/31 2:21pm PDTMay 31, 2017 113 AOSPA (Paranoid Android) review: back from the dead, and we're thrilled 2017/05/31 9:47am PDTMay 31, 2017 29 Tag Heuer Connected Modular 45 review: It seems like $1,500 should get you more 2017/05/29 9:57am PDTMay 29, 2017 74 [Update, G+ Post] Francisco Franco makes his productivity timer 5217 free to try 2017/05/16 10:01am PDTMay 16, 2017 290 HTC U11 hands-on: HTC gets a little closer to the mark 2017/05/16 12:02am PDTMay 16, 2017 Latest Roundups 13 29 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/24/17 - 5/31/17) 2017/05/31 10:20am PDTMay 31, 2017 8 10 new and notable Android apps from the last week (5/23/17 - 5/29/17) 2017/05/29 12:49pm PDTMay 29, 2017 13 31 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/17/17 - 5/23/17) 2017/05/23 3:06pm PDTMay 23, 2017 16 12 new and notable Android apps and live wallpapers from the last week (5/16/17 - 5/22/17) 2017/05/22 12:48pm PDTMay 22, 2017 16 29 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/10/17 - 5/16/17) 2017/05/16 4:22pm PDTMay 16, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 19 Boost for Reddit removed from Play Store for alleged promotion of drugs, still not back after a week 2017/06/04 4:25pm PDTJun 4, 2017 114 Weekend poll: How many photos are synced to your Google Photos account? 2017/06/04 3:44pm PDTJun 4, 2017 28 Tasker beta v5 brings a fresh Material Design look and a huge list of other changes 2017/06/03 7:27pm PDTJun 3, 2017 12 [Deal Alert] Kick off the weekend with 24 temporarily free and 52 on-sale apps 2017/06/03 6:50pm PDTJun 3, 2017 76 Samsung uploads its Device Maintenance tool to the Play Store 2017/06/03 6:01pm PDTJun 3, 2017 Blast from the Past 60 1 Year Ago Today More Motorola Leaks: 'Style Mod' Replaceable Covers For The Moto X/Z And DROID Come In A Variety Of Materials 2016/06/04 12:27pm PDTJun 4, 2016 40 2 Years Ago Today Chrome Beta v44 Comes With Improvements To 'Native App' And 'Add To Homescreen' Banners, New Push API Features, And More [APK Download] 2015/06/04 5:14pm PDTJun 4, 2015 129 3 Years Ago Today YouTube v5.7 For Android Finally Lets You Select Exact Streaming Quality, As Long As It's 720p Or Lower [APK Download] 2014/06/04 6:16pm PDTJun 4, 2014 3 4 Years Ago Today Google Posts Glass XE6 Factory Image For Your Flashing Pleasure 2013/06/04 8:31pm PDTJun 4, 2013 16 5 Years Ago Today [Update: Pre-Orders Are Live] Sprint Announces The Galaxy S III Available June 21, Pre-Orders Start June 5 - $199 For 16GB, $249 For 32GB 2012/06/04 10:55pm PDTJun 4, 2012 327 6 Years Ago Today [Book Giveaway #2] Looking To Get Into Android Development? We're Giving Away "Hello, Android" To A Lucky Reader 2011/06/04 7:16pm PDTJun 4, 2011 2 7 Years Ago Today HTC EVO 4G OTA Update Comes Out In Time For Launch, Fixes SD Card Problems, Patches Security Issues, But Disables Root - Available Via WiFi As Well 2010/06/04 6:44pm PDTJun 4, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 35 It's not just you—there's a widespread Google Home outage 2017/06/04 12:04pm PDTJun 4, 2017 117 Weekend poll: How many photos are synced to your Google Photos account? 2017/06/04 3:44pm PDTJun 4, 2017 64 Samsung opens up its browser to some non-Samsung devices on the Play Store 2017/06/04 10:30am PDTJun 4, 2017 30 Motorola rolling out Android 7.1.1 to the Moto Z Play 2017/06/04 8:45am PDTJun 4, 2017 19 Boost for Reddit removed from Play Store for alleged promotion of drugs, still not back after a week 2017/06/04 4:25pm PDTJun 4, 2017 Last 7 Days 28 Google Photos v2.16 prepares to upgrade the camera shortcut, suggest photos to archive, and more [APK Teardown + Download] 2017/05/31 11:36pm PDTMay 31, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] Here are 38 temporarily free and 72 on-sale apps, plus both 0.10 Apps of the Week 2017/05/31 2:08pm PDTMay 31, 2017 501 [Update: New details plus Andy Rubin interview] The Essential phone is official, with an edge-to-edge display and the world's smallest 360-degree camera accessory 2017/05/30 7:48am PDTMay 30, 2017 76 Samsung uploads its Device Maintenance tool to the Play Store 2017/06/03 6:01pm PDTJun 3, 2017 24 Plex Live TV is now available for all Plex Pass subscribers, tuner required 2017/06/01 6:00am PDTJun 1, 2017 Last 30 Days 78 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 88 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 28 Google Photos v2.16 prepares to upgrade the camera shortcut, suggest photos to archive, and more [APK Teardown + Download] 2017/05/31 11:36pm PDTMay 31, 2017 94 The Play Store adopts new app and notification icons with v7.8.16 [APK Download] 2017/05/10 6:25pm PDTMay 10, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Advertise | Contact 127 queries | 0.353s | forge Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
NEWS ENTERTAINMENT SPORTS LIFESTYLE BUSINESS TECHNOLOGY OPINION OTHERS DMS NEWS ENTERTAINMENT SPORTS LIFESTYLE BUSINESS TECHNOLOGY OPINION OTHERS DMS 1 400 0 Remember me ? Forget Password ?Register June 2017 M T W T F S S « May       1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30   Latest Tweets News: VP camps fears politics in impeach try. #kabayanweekly #abudhabi #dubai #dubaipr #mydubai… https://t.co/og4hU84FXH 2 months ago Our Branded Pinoy for the week featuring Zarrah Jane Amagan a.k.a The Bandwagon Chic - The… https://t.co/FDQj1iItPi 2 months ago Breaking News: UAE joins WWF's Earth Hour. ❤ #kabayanweekly #abudhabi #dubai #dubaipr #mydubai… https://t.co/IZvMOgPoyA 2 months ago Breaking News: Hail Storm hit Dubai. Keep safe everyone! 🙏🏻 #kabayanweekly #abudhabi #dubai… https://t.co/Alxk1eU5ww 2 months ago Trouble sleeping in UAE? You are not alone. Read the full article at our latest issue of… https://t.co/m7tBxP57Ri 2 months ago Break Guinness World Records at Ramadan Night Market June 3, 2017 128 Two hours of amazing Dubai drama June 3, 2017 137 Supporters to wait longer for Duterte’s UAE visit June 3, 2017 132 June 2017 M T W T F S S « May       1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30   Most Popular Break Guinness World Records at Ramadan Night Market Two hours of amazing Dubai drama Supporters to wait longer for Duterte’s UAE visit ‘Pangkabuhayan Crash Course’ for distressed OFWs Firms praise Pinoys for int’l accreditations Head to Sharjah this Friday to get free medical, dental check-up Cayetano: Your families are safe Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google+ Remember me ? Forget Password ?Register NEWS ENTERTAINMENT SPORTS LIFESTYLE BUSINESS TECHNOLOGY OPINION OTHERS DMS Remember me ? Forget Password ?Register NEWS ENTERTAINMENT SPORTS LIFESTYLE BUSINESS TECHNOLOGY OPINION OTHERS DMS Most Popular Break Guinness World Records at Ramadan Night Market Two hours of amazing Dubai drama Supporters to wait longer for Duterte’s UAE visit ‘Pangkabuhayan Crash Course’ for distressed OFWs Firms praise Pinoys for int’l accreditations Head to Sharjah this Friday to get free medical, dental check-up Cayetano: Your families are safe Latest News Local NewsBreak Guinness World Records at Ramadan Night Market Fil Expat NewsTwo hours of amazing Dubai drama Fil Expat NewsSupporters to wait longer for Duterte’s UAE visit Fil Expat News‘Pangkabuhayan Crash Course’ for distressed OFWs Fil Expat NewsFirms praise Pinoys for int’l accreditations Fil Expat NewsHead to Sharjah this Friday to get free medical, dental check-up HEADLINECayetano: Your families are safe Local NewsRia Money Transfer now operates in GCC Local NewsC3 and RAKBANK to bring innovative payroll solutions for the UAE’s blue collar community SPORTSFive-man Spinneys shames CML International ‘Google Duo’ is Google’s latest video-calling app Ryan Thomas Namia August 18, 2016 11:39 am TECHNOLOGY 644 0 DUBAI—A new video chat app, Google Duo, that works exclusively for smartphones, has started to rollout on Tuesday, August 16. The simple one-to-one video calling app that is a direct alternative to Apple’s FaceTime is currently available for Android and iOs users. “Duo takes the complexity out of video calling so that you can be together in the moment wherever you are,” Google said in its blogsite. When a user signs up, the app checks user’s phone number then sends a confirmation text. The said app does not require a user to sign up a Google account. Duo seamlessly switches between mobile data and Wi-Fi without dropping the call. It also comes with a feature called Knock Knock which lets the user to see live video of the caller before answering the call. In addition, the Duo is built with an emphasis on privacy and security, and all calls are end-to-end encrypted. “Users are reluctant to video call because they don’t know if the other person is on the right network, the right device or it’s a good time to call. We’ve tried to remove all that friction and make it feel like an invitation, not an interruption when someone calls you,” Amity Fulay, Google’s group manager for communications said in a theguardian.comreport. Google said that their latest application will be live worldwide in the next few days. Facebook Comments Website Comments Vanessa Nolan May 16th, 2017 Reply Inclusion of garlic in diet is an important natural cure for bacterial vaginosis. If a product has been FDA approved then it has been thoroughly tested as well as proven safe. Make sure you use the right home remedies for bacterial vaginosis treatment. Melanie Blake May 16th, 2017 Reply mens polo shirt will be a real kick verified trends having polo ralph lauren outlet not ever removed out from design and style. This could cause these people a apposite solution because promotional items. Demonstrating promotional mens polo shirt to be able to customers is really an correct system to attract this not to mention doable,ralph lauren outlet stores, clients towards your special company. Marketing and advertising through these people, hence, needs that safety concerning application. Robert Martin May 16th, 2017 Reply Normally I do not read article on blogs, however I wish to say that this write-up very compelled me to take a look at and do it! Your writing style has been surprised me. Thank you, quite great post. Peter Wallace May 16th, 2017 Reply This very blog is no doubt educating and also factual. I have chosen helluva handy stuff out of this amazing blog. I’d love to visit it again and again. Cheers! Stephen Davies May 17th, 2017 Reply I think other web site proprietors should take this site as an model, very clean and excellent user friendly style and design, as well as the content. You’re an expert in this topic! Matt Hughes May 17th, 2017 Reply Thank you a lot for giving everyone an extraordinarily terrific opportunity to read articles and blog posts from this blog. It is often very cool and as well , full of a great time for me personally and my office fellow workers to visit your web site nearly 3 times per week to see the new secrets you will have. And definitely, I’m so certainly pleased with your amazing tricks you serve. Some 4 points in this post are without a doubt the finest I’ve had. Nathan Carr May 18th, 2017 Reply wonderful submit, very informative. I ponder why the opposite experts of this sector do not understand this. You must continue your writing. I’m confident, you have a huge readers’ base already! Nicola Mathis May 18th, 2017 Reply Strangely enough, Koskiniemi et al17 described that will 40% involving 174 individuals together with HZE acquired zoster sine herpete. Charles Hart May 18th, 2017 Reply This is an awesome entry. Thank you very much for the supreme post provided! I was looking for this entry for a long time, but I wasn’t able to find a honest source. Lucas Powell May 19th, 2017 Reply I simply could not depart your site prior to suggesting that I really enjoyed the usual information an individual provide to your visitors? Is going to be again steadily to investigate cross-check new posts Donna Hunter May 19th, 2017 Reply Super news indeed. My friend has been looking for this update. Anthony Robertson May 20th, 2017 Reply Hello my family member! I wish to say that this article is amazing, nice written and include approximately all vital infos. I would like to peer extra posts like this . Dorothy Churchill May 20th, 2017 Reply Pretty! This was an extremely wonderful article. Thank you for supplying this info. Jan Underwood May 20th, 2017 Reply Wonderful paintings! This is the type of info that are meant to be shared around the net. Disgrace on the search engines for no longer positioning this submit upper! Come on over and discuss with my site . Thanks =) Michelle Poole May 20th, 2017 Reply Good day I am so happy I found your web site, I really found you by mistake, while I was researching on Yahoo for something else, Anyhow I am here now and would just like to say cheers for a marvelous post and a all round thrilling blog (I also love the theme/design), I don’t have time to browse it all at the minute but I have bookmarked it and also added in your RSS feeds, so when I have time I will be back to read more, Please do keep up the awesome job. Zoe Chapman May 21st, 2017 Reply Hi there! Would you mind if I share your blog with my zynga group?There’s a lot of folks that I think would really appreciate your content. Please let me know. Cheers Kimberly Mills May 21st, 2017 Reply Hi, I wish for to subscribe for this weblog to obtain hottest updates, so where can i do it please help out. David Rutherford May 22nd, 2017 Reply I blog quite often and I really thank you for your content. The article has truly peaked my interest. I will bookmark your website and keep checking for new information about once per week. I subscribed to your RSS feed too. Victoria Carr May 22nd, 2017 Reply I’m really loving the theme/design of your website. Do you ever run into any internet browser compatibility issues? A handful of my blog readers have complained about my blog not working correctly in Explorer but looks great in Chrome. Do you have any ideas to help fix this problem? David Ross May 22nd, 2017 Reply Sweet blog! I found it while searching on Yahoo News. Do you have any tips on how to get listed in Yahoo News? I’ve been trying for a while but I never seem to get there! Thanks Julia Wilkins May 22nd, 2017 Reply Wow! Thank you! I always needed to write on my website something like that. Can I implement a part of your post to my site? Piers Berry May 23rd, 2017 Reply I agree with your points, good post. Stephanie Ferguson May 23rd, 2017 Reply Hmmm iis anyone else experiencing problems woth thhe pictures on thijs blog loading?I’m trying to determine if its a problem oon myy end or if it’s the blog. Any feed-back would be greatly appreciated.my blog fun88 mobile Madeleine Bailey May 23rd, 2017 Reply Hey there! I’m at work surfing around your blog from my new iphone 4! Just wanted to say I love reading your blog and look forward to all your posts! Carry on the excellent work! Sophie Morrison May 23rd, 2017 Reply What could be the differenbce from your bootleg movie plus a PSP legal download. Furthermore, Stanza is designed for free in the i Tunes Store. Paul Vance May 24th, 2017 Reply Hello, i feel that i saw you visited my web site so i came to go back the choose?.I’m trying to in finding things to improve my website!I assume its ok to make use of a few of your concepts!! Gordon Dyer May 24th, 2017 Reply Significantly, this publish is definitely the sweetest on this notable topic. I harmonise with your conclusions and will thirstily look ahead to your incoming updates. Declaring many thanks will not just be sufficient, for the phenomenal clarity in your writing. I will straight grab your rss feed to stay informed of any updates. Admirable function and considerably good results in your small business dealings!&nbsp Make sure you excuse my bad English as it is not my 1st tongue. Megan Terry May 24th, 2017 Reply It’s difficult to find knowledgeable people about this subject, however, you sound like you know what you’re talking about!ThanksFeel free to surf to my web blog beats by dre vs sennheiser Kylie Dowd May 24th, 2017 Reply Hi there, just became aware of your blog through Google, and found that it’s really informative. I am gonna watch out for brussels. I’ll appreciate if you continue this in future. Lots of people will be benefited from your writing. Fiona Ferguson May 25th, 2017 Reply What i do not understood is actually how you’re not really much more well-liked than you might be right now. You’re so intelligent. You realize therefore significantly relating to this subject, made me personally consider it from a lot of varied angles. Its like women and men aren’t fascinated unless it’s one thing to accomplish with Lady gaga! Your own stuffs outstanding. Always maintain it up! Harry Springer May 25th, 2017 Reply Hey! I know this is kind of off topic but I was wondering if you knew where I could get a captcha plugin for my comment form? I’m using the same blog platform as yours and I’m having problems finding one? Thanks a lot! Anne Mackay May 26th, 2017 Reply Wonderful beat ! I wish to apprentice while you amend your site, how could i subscribe for a blog website? The account aided me a acceptable deal. I had been tiny bit acquainted of this your broadcast offered bright clear concept Maria Manning May 26th, 2017 Reply I am not rattling superb with English but I line up this rattling easy to understand. Lisa Gibson May 26th, 2017 Reply Great post! We are linking to this particularly great article on our website. Keep up the great writing. Kevin Baker May 26th, 2017 Reply great issues altogether, you just gained a new reader. What might you suggest about your put up that you made a few days ago? Any sure? Benjamin Dyer May 27th, 2017 Reply Hey there, You’ve done a fantastic job. I’ll definitely digg it and personally recommend to my friends. I am sure they’ll be benefited from this website. Dorothy Kerr May 27th, 2017 Reply Hello there, just became alert to your blog through Google, and found that it’s truly informative. I am going to watch out for brussels. I’ll be grateful if you continue this in future. A lot of people will be benefited from your writing. Cheers! Jane Bower May 27th, 2017 Reply I do love the way you have framed this difficulty and it does present us a lot of fodder for thought. However, from everything that I have seen, I just trust when the actual responses pack on that people continue to be on issue and in no way embark upon a soap box of the news du jour. Anyway, thank you for this excellent piece and though I can not concur with this in totality, I respect the point of view. Lillian Rutherford May 27th, 2017 Reply YouTube movies are well-known in whole globe, since it is the biggest video sharing web site, and I turn out to be too cheerful by watching YouTube videos. Andrea Anderson May 28th, 2017 Reply Unquestionably believe that that you said. Your favourite reason seemed to be on the internet the simplest thing to be mindful of. I say to you, I certainly get irked while other people consider worries that they just do not recognize about. You managed to hit the nail upon the top and also outlined out the entire thing without having side-effects , other folks can take a signal. Will likely be again to get more. Thank you Anne Greene May 28th, 2017 Reply Everything is very open with a precise description of the issues. It was truly informative. Your website is very useful. Thank you for sharing! Alexander Baker May 29th, 2017 Reply Heya outstanding blog! Does running a blog such aas this take a lot of work? I have no knowledge of programming hokwever I had been hoping too start my own blog in the near future. Anyhow, shouyld yyou have any recommendations or technikques for new blog owners please share. I know this is off subject nevertheless I simply needed tto ask. Appreciate it! Jonathan Russell May 29th, 2017 Reply I’m still learning from you, but I’m improving myself. I certainly enjoy reading all that is written on your blog.Keep the stories coming. I enjoyed it! Diana Fisher May 29th, 2017 Reply I have noticed that costs for on-line degree pros tend to be a terrific value. For instance a full Bachelor’s Degree in Communication with the University of Phoenix Online consists of 60 credits at $515/credit or $30,900. Also American Intercontinental University Online offers a Bachelors of Business Administration with a full program requirement of 180 units and a tuition fee of $30,560. Online degree learning has made having your diploma been so detailed more than before because you may earn your current degree in the comfort in your home and when you finish working. Thanks for all the tips I’ve learned through the site. Frank Coleman May 29th, 2017 Reply This internet site is my intake, really great layout and Perfect written content. Charles Allan May 30th, 2017 Reply Hi! This is my 1st comment here so I just wanted to give a quick shout out and tell you I genuinely enjoy reading through your posts. Can you recommend any other blogs/websites/forums that go over the same topics? Thanks! Eric Rampling May 30th, 2017 Reply It’s actually a cool and helpful piece of info. I am glad that you shared this helpful info with us. Please keep us up to date like this. Thanks for sharing. Anne Carr May 30th, 2017 Reply I have been examinating out some of your stories and i must say clever stuff. I will surely bookmark your site. Peter Vaughan May 30th, 2017 Reply You could certainly see your expertise within the paintings you write. The sector hopes for even more passionate writers such as you who are not afraid to mention how they believe. All the time go after your heart. Owen Robertson May 31st, 2017 Reply Good day! Do you use Twitter? I’d like to follow you if that would be ok. I’m definitely enjoying your blog and look forward to new posts. Nicholas Blake May 31st, 2017 Reply I in addition to my guys have already been checking out the excellent advice on your web blog while all of a sudden I got an awful feeling I never expressed respect to the site owner for those techniques. All of the women appeared to be totally very interested to read through them and already have sincerely been having fun with them. Thanks for truly being very kind and then for opting for certain ideal tips millions of individuals are really eager to discover. My honest apologies for not expressing appreciation to earlier. Robert McDonald June 1st, 2017 Reply whoah this blog is excellent i love studying your posts. Keep up the good paintings! You already know, many persons are looking round for this information, you could help them greatly. POST A COMMENT. Cancel reply WordPress spam blocked by CleanTalk. 1 400 0 Remember me ? Forget Password ?Register June 2017 M T W T F S S « May       1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30   Latest Tweets News: VP camps fears politics in impeach try. #kabayanweekly #abudhabi #dubai #dubaipr #mydubai… https://t.co/og4hU84FXH 2 months ago Our Branded Pinoy for the week featuring Zarrah Jane Amagan a.k.a The Bandwagon Chic - The… https://t.co/FDQj1iItPi 2 months ago Breaking News: UAE joins WWF's Earth Hour. ❤ #kabayanweekly #abudhabi #dubai #dubaipr #mydubai… https://t.co/IZvMOgPoyA 2 months ago Breaking News: Hail Storm hit Dubai. Keep safe everyone! 🙏🏻 #kabayanweekly #abudhabi #dubai… https://t.co/Alxk1eU5ww 2 months ago Trouble sleeping in UAE? You are not alone. Read the full article at our latest issue of… https://t.co/m7tBxP57Ri 2 months ago Break Guinness World Records at Ramadan Night Market June 3, 2017 128 Two hours of amazing Dubai drama June 3, 2017 137 Supporters to wait longer for Duterte’s UAE visit June 3, 2017 132 June 2017 M T W T F S S « May       1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30   About Us Careers Contact Us Privacy Policy Stay Connected RSS Feed Mobile Alerts Back to top. NEWS ENTERTAINMENT SPORTS LIFESTYLE BUSINESS TECHNOLOGY OPINION OTHERS DMS
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us ... Google is now offering four free months of Google Play Music for new subscribers Ryne Hager Follow View All Posts 2017/05/26 2:17pm PDTMay 26, 2017 82 Plus 1 on G+ 614 Share on Facebook 102 Share on Twitter Total Shares798 Google News Right now it looks like Google is running a special offer for Google Play Music. New subscribers that sign up here can get four free months of service instead of the usual three. No telling how long this offer might last, so if you have been considering subscribing, now might be the time to do it. It could save you an extra $10. Again, this particular offer is only for new subscribers. I've been a fan of Play Music for a long time, though the device removal limit does get in the way when you switch between devices and ROMs as often as I do. Being able to mix your own library with those of a service also comes in handy. That way I can continue to support artists I am passionate about, without eschewing the larger selection of a subscription offering for the purposes of content discovery, all while being able to fill the gaps in that library. There are a lot of different music services out there, but if you're interested combining your curated library with music available via a subscription, then your options are limited. Spotify does allow you to play back locally stored files, which is convenient, but it isn't quite the same. Amazon also allows you to upload your music for playback via Amazon Music, and with Amazon Prime membership, you get a small library of streaming music to go along with that. For $10 a month ($8 for Prime members) you can access their full library as well. But, Google Play Music has a great interface and plugs nicely into all the other Google services we love. Maybe with this new offer, it's time you gave Google Play Music a chance? After all, even if it doesn't end up working out, you still got four free months of music out of the deal. Source: Google Play Music Tags google play music play music promo special offer subscription subscription music subscribe ... Previous Story OnePlus starts a referral program just in time for the OnePlus 5 ... Next Story [Update: Now $75 Off] Deal Alert: Pixel 32GB (international version) is $50 off on eBay Trending 78 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 88 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 Comments Ailín Ó’S Tried the code in Ireland, Britain and Greece and it works, glad to see it works in Europe too! Carson Saldanha Wait, wdym 3 different countries? Did you share it with others or something? Ailín Ó’S I live in Ireland, so that's my main account. I have a secondary account based in England as part of a mail forwarder service I use, and my bf is Greek so I had him check the code on his account :) Carson Saldanha Oh wow! Carson Saldanha Hey, since I know it worked for you, are you able to use YouTube Red along with this Play Music free trial? Because my YT Red doesn't seem to be enabled for me. Ailín Ó’S No, unfortunately not as I live in the EU and YouTube Red is only available in USA. Carson Saldanha Weird, I'm in the US though. Ailín Ó’S Ooh that is odd. Sign out of the app then sign back in maybe? Carson Saldanha No luck :( I'm in contact with Google support atm Hopefully they can sort this out Mike Worth it alone for Youtube Red MisterAlex Sweet, I wasn't sure if that was included. Thanks. Should mention that in the main blog post. Ben Still no student membership >:( Ailín Ó’S Spotify is a great alternative @€$£5/month. Ben I know that's what I use just because it's half the price. Ailín Ó’S In Ireland Vodafone have a partnership with Spotify whereby it costs €5 standard instead of €10 regardless of if you're a student or not, they even bundle it with some of their plans. Vodafone do the same in some other countries they operate in (not all). Maybe see if any network in your country has a partnership like that? Worth a shot! Ben Oh yeah I'm on EE in the UK and I've got Apple Music for free for 6 months but like iTunes is a massive stinking turd. Ailín Ó’S I'd rather go back to the days of getting music via Bluetooth from friends than use crApple Music 😂😂 Rahul Krishna In india, we have play music for 1.4 usd/month Umang Ladia I'm only seeing 2 months offer in India.?? Rahul Krishna Well I subscribed to it when it launched here (about 2 months ago), so I can't confirm that. But at this price, there is nothing to be disappointed about. aRvInD I wish Spotify launches soon here. I can't keep using that patched version here...!! Rahul Krishna Me too xyz As it should be, you can't charge European or American prices in India. Rahul Krishna Yes true. There are lots​ of people here with a very cheap Android phone. They cannot pay much money. Julian Coronado That's actually what's keeping me away from Play Music. I've used my free months and I loved the Youtube Red too. But as a student, Spotify for $5 / month is too great to pass up on. Emiliejmosley Google is paying 97$ per hour! Work for few hours & have longer with friends and family! !sm141c: On tuesday I got a great new Land Rover Range Rover from having earned $8752 this last four weeks.. Its the most-financialy rewarding I've had.. Follow this link for more information !sm141c: ➽➽ ➽➽;➽➽ http://GoogleFinancialCashJobs431ShopRichGetPaid$97/Hour... ★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫::::::!sm141c:....,..... Cakefish Spotify ftw ToniCipriani ✓pǝᴉɟᴉɹǝʌ I don't think this is a new offer, got this a while back. In fact my 4 months is expiring next week. Prefer Spotify over it. Song selection a tad bit weaker, and for foreign songs it tries to translate the song names to English and makes it hard to look up. folkrav I like it, it's way cheaper than Spotify for me - my mother, my sister, my wife and myself each pay 30$ a year and we're set - but Jesus do I hate the clients. I don't like the website's interface, I hate the Android app. But yeah, I'll deal with it cause it's cheap, I guess. Carson Saldanha Got it! Yay! Jim I wish I could somehow get it on my Amazon Echo hahaha. I guess if I had paid for a Google Home it would be worth trying out. Forget vega #getEVGA Why google play music isn't available in my country ? Ailín Ó’S Try Apple Music? They seem to be just about everywhere. Iamsecond And this is why Apple continue to dominate, because Apple are truly interested in being an international company whereas Google is just playing at it. Such a shame xyz Because Google sucks. Bartek Juszczak My GPM radio's are so good these days I love that Google is so into AI. Whether It's just "I'm being lucky" or radio from a specific song, band or album they very rarely disappoint me these days. I just make sure to thumbs up if it plays a song I particularly love. I am a student and could go cheaper with spotify but the AI generated playlists have me locked in. If it's £5 cheaper but I'm not gonna enjoy it nearly as much then it's not really a good deal. AndTheWorldMayNeverKnow I used the 3 or 4 months free trial during the holidays then bought the family plan for $14.99 a month. 4 people in my family us it and it works great, the app could use some tweaks but it's really good overall. paev If you listen to main stream music it doesn't really matter what service to use. However, if you like something unusual, weird or other languages then Google is a way to go. I found bands on Google music that Spotify displayed as not found. Google also have new synth bands that Spotify doesn't. I'm for Google too. Daniel I discovered that GPM is kinda like a music label. I once went to a section of Google play explaining how indie artists can use GPM like a music label as long as they own all their rights. Ryne Hager Ultraista (among others) keeps me using Google Play Music as well as Spotify. Carson Saldanha Does anyone else who activated the Play Music trial have YouTube Red working as well? My YT Red doesn't seem to be enabled while my Play Music is. Michael Carr I spotted a similar offer a couple of months ago, and I took it after a day or two's thought. Just last week, I moved directly into a family plan. PewPewYoureDead It's hard to recommend Google Play Music until they revamp the UI. Margaritas Ante Porcos Google Music is the only choice in some markets, like Russia, where no Spotify or Pandora are available. There are too many shortcomings in Google Music and Google never shows interest in making services better than below average. I really wonder why Google refuses to become the best at anything. Real magic here. Pixel syndrome all the way. Yet Google Music is on my phone and I use it because there's no choice whatsoever. Rob You answered your own question. If there's no alternative, then they don't have any incentive to improve the service. SupahNin10doh Stupid Dorito logo... Raymond Berger Huh, I just subscribed to the trial but you youtube red hasn't kicked in yet. Any idea how long it takes? Iamsecond If you live in the UK, about 2 years so far h20ray Google Play Music is currently available in select territories and for select account types. Umang Ladia I'm only seeing 2 months offer in India, anybody can confirm? Mohammad Ovais Yeah, same for me. Maybe it's region limited. Isolde I think you need to open the link in a browser, if you open it in the app it's just the normal 2 months. bligui Confirmed need to open it from link and it works Manoj | Blogging Triggers Is Google Music really worth to it? We have better alternatives Sathiya Moorthy Karan I came across a great post, it seems to be so cool http://developeit.net/android-news-image-scanner-finder/ Zachariah Mann It only shows up as 2 free months for me. I live in Michigan. https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/a19b7e9dddb67bf897c751aedf63c01917048214140db901fd783b2182d8d5c0.png Jefferson Rodrigues https://play.google.com/music/listen?coupon=120DFREE&coupontype=vanity#/sulp Zachariah Mann That link still brought me to the same page on the Play Music App which offers 2 months free. Does it matter if I'm opening it on a computer or web page? Jefferson Rodrigues I don't know. Mikael Jakobsson Should mabye joine premium at Google Music if that coste like $2 max a month dont understand why they should take as mutch as someone some has app or Win32 software to PC so music controllers one they keyboards works. Tab out frome a game for pause music when the round is over is just bad. Arif Gürü And stil isnt available on Turkey xyz "No telling how long this offer might last, so if you have been considering subscribing, now might be the time to do it." No thanks, I'll just use YouTube. Only thing YT needs is an option to play audio only so I can save a wee bit more data when I don't need video. Cai Copley Nope. If it wasn't for the fact work pays for Spotify Premium and the fact Spotify has Crossfade to emulate a DJ system, maybe I'd give it a whirl. bligui Not working any more to bad Follow Android Police 1.49M 472k 145k 119k Latest Deals 9 [Deal Alert] Chromecast Ultra is $59.99 ($10 off) at Google Store, Best Buy, B&H and others 2017/06/04 12:16pm PDTJun 4, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] Google Home is $109 ($20 off) at Best Buy, Google Store, B&H, and others 2017/06/04 10:07am PDTJun 4, 2017 12 [Deal Alert] Kick off the weekend with 24 temporarily free and 52 on-sale apps 2017/06/03 6:50pm PDTJun 3, 2017 18 [Deal Alert] Get a Nextbit Robin for $129.99 on eBay 2017/06/03 9:39am PDTJun 3, 2017 33 [Deal Alert] A Stork's Journey is currently free on Google Play Movies & TV 2017/06/01 10:50pm PDTJun 1, 2017 Latest Poll How many photos are on your Google Photos account? Under 100 100-999 1,000-2,499 2,500-4,999 5,000-9,999 10,000-19,999 20,000-39,999 More than 40,000. View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 67 Asus ZenFone 3 Zoom review: A promising phone that falls victim to bad software and cut corners 2017/05/31 2:21pm PDTMay 31, 2017 113 AOSPA (Paranoid Android) review: back from the dead, and we're thrilled 2017/05/31 9:47am PDTMay 31, 2017 29 Tag Heuer Connected Modular 45 review: It seems like $1,500 should get you more 2017/05/29 9:57am PDTMay 29, 2017 74 [Update, G+ Post] Francisco Franco makes his productivity timer 5217 free to try 2017/05/16 10:01am PDTMay 16, 2017 290 HTC U11 hands-on: HTC gets a little closer to the mark 2017/05/16 12:02am PDTMay 16, 2017 Latest Roundups 13 29 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/24/17 - 5/31/17) 2017/05/31 10:20am PDTMay 31, 2017 8 10 new and notable Android apps from the last week (5/23/17 - 5/29/17) 2017/05/29 12:49pm PDTMay 29, 2017 13 31 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/17/17 - 5/23/17) 2017/05/23 3:06pm PDTMay 23, 2017 16 12 new and notable Android apps and live wallpapers from the last week (5/16/17 - 5/22/17) 2017/05/22 12:48pm PDTMay 22, 2017 16 29 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/10/17 - 5/16/17) 2017/05/16 4:22pm PDTMay 16, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 18 Boost for Reddit removed from Play Store for alleged promotion of drugs, still not back after a week 2017/06/04 4:25pm PDTJun 4, 2017 112 Weekend poll: How many photos are synced to your Google Photos account? 2017/06/04 3:44pm PDTJun 4, 2017 28 Tasker beta v5 brings a fresh Material Design look and a huge list of other changes 2017/06/03 7:27pm PDTJun 3, 2017 12 [Deal Alert] Kick off the weekend with 24 temporarily free and 52 on-sale apps 2017/06/03 6:50pm PDTJun 3, 2017 76 Samsung uploads its Device Maintenance tool to the Play Store 2017/06/03 6:01pm PDTJun 3, 2017 Blast from the Past 60 1 Year Ago Today More Motorola Leaks: 'Style Mod' Replaceable Covers For The Moto X/Z And DROID Come In A Variety Of Materials 2016/06/04 12:27pm PDTJun 4, 2016 40 2 Years Ago Today Chrome Beta v44 Comes With Improvements To 'Native App' And 'Add To Homescreen' Banners, New Push API Features, And More [APK Download] 2015/06/04 5:14pm PDTJun 4, 2015 129 3 Years Ago Today YouTube v5.7 For Android Finally Lets You Select Exact Streaming Quality, As Long As It's 720p Or Lower [APK Download] 2014/06/04 6:16pm PDTJun 4, 2014 3 4 Years Ago Today Google Posts Glass XE6 Factory Image For Your Flashing Pleasure 2013/06/04 8:31pm PDTJun 4, 2013 16 5 Years Ago Today [Update: Pre-Orders Are Live] Sprint Announces The Galaxy S III Available June 21, Pre-Orders Start June 5 - $199 For 16GB, $249 For 32GB 2012/06/04 10:55pm PDTJun 4, 2012 327 6 Years Ago Today [Book Giveaway #2] Looking To Get Into Android Development? We're Giving Away "Hello, Android" To A Lucky Reader 2011/06/04 7:16pm PDTJun 4, 2011 2 7 Years Ago Today HTC EVO 4G OTA Update Comes Out In Time For Launch, Fixes SD Card Problems, Patches Security Issues, But Disables Root - Available Via WiFi As Well 2010/06/04 6:44pm PDTJun 4, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 112 Weekend poll: How many photos are synced to your Google Photos account? 2017/06/04 3:44pm PDTJun 4, 2017 35 It's not just you—there's a widespread Google Home outage 2017/06/04 12:04pm PDTJun 4, 2017 61 Samsung opens up its browser to some non-Samsung devices on the Play Store 2017/06/04 10:30am PDTJun 4, 2017 29 Motorola rolling out Android 7.1.1 to the Moto Z Play 2017/06/04 8:45am PDTJun 4, 2017 18 Boost for Reddit removed from Play Store for alleged promotion of drugs, still not back after a week 2017/06/04 4:25pm PDTJun 4, 2017 Last 7 Days 28 Google Photos v2.16 prepares to upgrade the camera shortcut, suggest photos to archive, and more [APK Teardown + Download] 2017/05/31 11:36pm PDTMay 31, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] Here are 38 temporarily free and 72 on-sale apps, plus both 0.10 Apps of the Week 2017/05/31 2:08pm PDTMay 31, 2017 501 [Update: New details plus Andy Rubin interview] The Essential phone is official, with an edge-to-edge display and the world's smallest 360-degree camera accessory 2017/05/30 7:48am PDTMay 30, 2017 76 Samsung uploads its Device Maintenance tool to the Play Store 2017/06/03 6:01pm PDTJun 3, 2017 24 Plex Live TV is now available for all Plex Pass subscribers, tuner required 2017/06/01 6:00am PDTJun 1, 2017 Last 30 Days 78 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 88 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 28 Google Photos v2.16 prepares to upgrade the camera shortcut, suggest photos to archive, and more [APK Teardown + Download] 2017/05/31 11:36pm PDTMay 31, 2017 94 The Play Store adopts new app and notification icons with v7.8.16 [APK Download] 2017/05/10 6:25pm PDTMay 10, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Advertise | Contact 117 queries | 0.313s | forge Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us ... [Update: Now $75 Off] Deal Alert: Pixel 32GB (international version) is $50 off on eBay Scott Scrivens View All Posts 2017/05/26 2:20pm PDTMay 26, 2017 2 Plus 1 on G+ 53 Share on Facebook 57 Share on Twitter Total Shares112 Deals News Pixel Update 1: 2017/05/26 2:32pm PDT It looks like the price has dropped another $25, making this a $75 savings in total. For a device that hasn't seen much in the way of price drops or It's no secret that Google has had some serious supply issues with its flagship Pixel phone. That goes for pretty much any combination of size, color, or storage. Rumors even began to surface alleging that Google had stopped production of the devices altogether. That wasn't the case, but nonetheless, you will still struggle to actually find the Pixel if you wish to buy it. A 32GB Pixel (international version) on eBay for $50 off the list price could be the answer to that problem. This is the entry level 5" Pixel, with 32GB of storage in the color Very Silver - and it's available for $599. That's $50 less than the $649 Google is still charging for it. Beware though, this is the international version of the device. So if you live in the US you'll have to check the bands to see if it works on your network. This version won't play nice with Verizon or Sprint, so if you're on either of those carriers you can rule this out. If you live outside the US then this is definitely for you. Shipping appears to be free in the US, but here in the UK, it's $18.99. That still works out a bargain for me, especially if you account for the exchange rate. You'll have to do the sums from where you are to see if the deal is as good for you. It's worth mentioning that getting your warranty honored might be tough with this type of purchase, so bear that in mind. It's hard to say how many of these they have, other than a "limited quantity," so you'll have to be quick if you want to get your hands on arguably the best Android phone of 2016. Update 1: 2017/05/26 2:32pm PDT It looks like the price has dropped another $25, making this a $75 savings in total. For a device that hasn't seen much in the way of price drops or sales since launch, $75 off isn't bad. Anyone interested in a Pixel that uses a network compatible with this international model should give it a serious think. End of Update Source: eBay Thanks: Moshe Tags deal eBay Google pixel subscribe ... Previous Story Google is now offering four free months of Google Play Music for new subscribers ... Next Story The Android app for ASUS' upcoming Lyra mesh Wi-Fi network system is already available Trending 78 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 88 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 Comments Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ Let me know when it's $100 with a free year of Amazon Prime. Then I'll get one. shamatuu that will never happen james fuston Looks like we found the one guy still using a Fire Phone. Middlefinger As a back up phone yeah, its not reliable enough to be a daily driver. Its problems seem to be a mixture of hardware bugs, and Googles poor software QC. me me "bargain" JL "buggy" Gladysrcrosby Managing director of Google!, is explaining to users to start off "Work at home" method, that People have been doing for about one year now. These days alone, I generated close to $36,000 until now with no more than my home computer as well as some spare time, despite that i have a fulltime 9 to 5 job. Even everyone not used to this, can make $89/per h easily and the earnings can go even higher over time... This is how i started !so184c: ➽➽ ➽➽;➽➽ http://GoogleFinancialCashJobs474MarketConsultantGetPaid$97/Hour... ★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫::::::!so184c:....,.... abc "bezel" Master Yates After handling a S8, OMG those Bezels. Max Johnson "blacklisted" Taylor Hardy I work from convenience of my residence, via hassle-free tasks which only needs only from you a Laptop in addition to on-line connection and I am just more successful than ever before... After six months with this work and therefore managed to get paid in total 36 thousand dollars... Mainly I make close to 80 bucks/h and work for 3 to 4 hours time daily.And fantastic point regarding this work is that you can easily arrange time period whenever you get the job done and for how long as you may wish for and you achieve a check each week.----->>>> learn by clicking here how to do it right now Middlefinger Even at $99 its not worth the bugs. It doesnt matter how 'high end' a device is, if it doesn't work properly, its worthless. jonzey231 $50 is worth a guarantee that Google will honor the warranty....trust me...I wish I would've gotten my 6P direct. Andy What do you mean? jonzey231 If you don't buy the phone from Google, they won't help you. They send you to the manufacturer. I was forced to go to Huawei for my 6P and it was a little over 3 weeks before I got it back....and the problem is still there. Spend the extra $50 and buy it through Google so you're guaranteed to get support through their CS channels. You'll be glad you did in 6 months when something inevitably goes wrong. IMHO get the OnePlus 3T. Costs less but has better overall specs aside from the camera which is still pretty good in its own right. My brother has one and my roommate just got his last week and they both have no intention of going back to a major brand ever again. YaKillaCJ Same happened when I got the OnePlus One. It changed the way I (and many others) view a "budget" device from an unknown brand. needa I felt the same way after using an OPO for nearly three years. Got me an XL in mint condition for $450. Google edition even. Still had 3520 mAh in the batt too. Would have bought the black 3T had they been in stock. Took me three days to hunt down this deal. Andy Got my wife the pixel. Runs great. Just had the microphone problem. Google swapped without question. Wife seems to think it takes horrible selfies. Rod Weird, as it's cameras are regarded among the best currently. Random! @andy maybe you should let her know that the camera isn't the problem... It's actually her face. If you do warn her about this, I promise to visit you at the hospital. Andy Thanks for the tip. VAVAMk_2 Huzzah! Master Yates Agreed with you regarding the 3T. Lets see if the excellent updates and support evaporate when the One Plus 5 is released? That's the real test. IcerC Except in this case Google is the Manufacturer, that might change things. VAVAMk_2 Google didn't make the camera. Uses a Sony made sensor but the camera software is Google's and regarded among the best in post processing, particularly HDR. Roy Ahh so nice call me when the 1+2 will get Nougat and your friend will get or never get Android O. ddevito #Fail Andy S8 release response? AdMoc Does not ship to Poland as fck always -_- Random! Look for some service like Shipito. I believe they have an EU warehouse. Shakil Shaikh $60 shipping? kristin ANY Pixel made by google is compatible with any provider. It doesnt matter if its international or not. This writer is an odiot. Scott Scrivens https://www.techwalls.com/google-pixel-pixel-xl-model-number-differences/ Kevin Davis "Odiot", lmao. 😂 Oh, and you're wrong, too. kristin I called google about this. It would be up your phone company provider whether it worked or not. So it may not work with att or tmobile either. kristin This may or may not work on any provider. Its up to the provider. You want a pixel? Go to swappa.com and get one used in mint condition for much cheaper. Ive gotten a few phones from them since ive been on project fi and had no issues. Ill never buy a new phone again. Random! $50 off? How cute... If they get to $300 off ($350 final price) within a month, I might even convince myself it's worth to stare at those bezels everyday. Other than that (impossible) scenario, I'd rather get the 3T, Axon 7, or even the LG G5. Gjorgi Lazarovski The Pixel is probably not dropping in price anytime soon. iKon The most overrated smartphone of 2016. Only the camera is decent. Ugly ass design, overpriced and dull with no features compared to competition Roy You mean the best smartphone of 2016, best camera rare band front, best software, best updates. Great battery, great display. xyz No, he means "The most overrated smartphone of 2016. Only the camera is decent. Ugly ass design, overpriced and dull with no features compared to competition." Roy No, I'm sure he/she means "the best smartphone of 2016, best camera rare band front, best software, best updates. Great battery, great display". iKon No I meant what I said. The pixel is a flop and even Google knows it. No matter how much money they put into advertising there are alot of better choices out there.. only hard core Google fanboys try and big it up Roy Yes yada yada and still every reviewer said is the best smartphone of 2016. So.. even David here. In the on of the day it's a lots about the UI and I just don't like Samsung software. Ordeith LOL. You're such a Google sycophant, Roy. Roy You feeling really smart? I'm Imagine your ass all over your face. nirmitlamed Google is so off track in figuring out what customers wants and competing against the other monstrous companies. I would very much like to hear how many Pixels Google sold in the last year since they told us they sold more than they expected. Lawrence I can put my coffee cup on the Bezel David Nowicki I'm a big Nexus fan, but why would you pay $749 for the Pixel XL vs the OnePlus 3T at about half the price ? And soon the OnePlus 5 at $450 or so with S8+ specs will be a steal compared to the Pixel 4Ui812 Supply and demand. Limit the supply and you increase demand. It's like P.T. Barnum said , "There's a sucker born every minute". Follow Android Police 1.49M 472k 145k 119k Latest Deals 9 [Deal Alert] Chromecast Ultra is $59.99 ($10 off) at Google Store, Best Buy, B&H and others 2017/06/04 12:16pm PDTJun 4, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] Google Home is $109 ($20 off) at Best Buy, Google Store, B&H, and others 2017/06/04 10:07am PDTJun 4, 2017 12 [Deal Alert] Kick off the weekend with 24 temporarily free and 52 on-sale apps 2017/06/03 6:50pm PDTJun 3, 2017 18 [Deal Alert] Get a Nextbit Robin for $129.99 on eBay 2017/06/03 9:39am PDTJun 3, 2017 33 [Deal Alert] A Stork's Journey is currently free on Google Play Movies & TV 2017/06/01 10:50pm PDTJun 1, 2017 Latest Poll How many photos are on your Google Photos account? Under 100 100-999 1,000-2,499 2,500-4,999 5,000-9,999 10,000-19,999 20,000-39,999 More than 40,000. View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 67 Asus ZenFone 3 Zoom review: A promising phone that falls victim to bad software and cut corners 2017/05/31 2:21pm PDTMay 31, 2017 113 AOSPA (Paranoid Android) review: back from the dead, and we're thrilled 2017/05/31 9:47am PDTMay 31, 2017 29 Tag Heuer Connected Modular 45 review: It seems like $1,500 should get you more 2017/05/29 9:57am PDTMay 29, 2017 74 [Update, G+ Post] Francisco Franco makes his productivity timer 5217 free to try 2017/05/16 10:01am PDTMay 16, 2017 290 HTC U11 hands-on: HTC gets a little closer to the mark 2017/05/16 12:02am PDTMay 16, 2017 Latest Roundups 13 29 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/24/17 - 5/31/17) 2017/05/31 10:20am PDTMay 31, 2017 8 10 new and notable Android apps from the last week (5/23/17 - 5/29/17) 2017/05/29 12:49pm PDTMay 29, 2017 13 31 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/17/17 - 5/23/17) 2017/05/23 3:06pm PDTMay 23, 2017 16 12 new and notable Android apps and live wallpapers from the last week (5/16/17 - 5/22/17) 2017/05/22 12:48pm PDTMay 22, 2017 16 29 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/10/17 - 5/16/17) 2017/05/16 4:22pm PDTMay 16, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 18 Boost for Reddit removed from Play Store for alleged promotion of drugs, still not back after a week 2017/06/04 4:25pm PDTJun 4, 2017 112 Weekend poll: How many photos are synced to your Google Photos account? 2017/06/04 3:44pm PDTJun 4, 2017 28 Tasker beta v5 brings a fresh Material Design look and a huge list of other changes 2017/06/03 7:27pm PDTJun 3, 2017 12 [Deal Alert] Kick off the weekend with 24 temporarily free and 52 on-sale apps 2017/06/03 6:50pm PDTJun 3, 2017 76 Samsung uploads its Device Maintenance tool to the Play Store 2017/06/03 6:01pm PDTJun 3, 2017 Blast from the Past 60 1 Year Ago Today More Motorola Leaks: 'Style Mod' Replaceable Covers For The Moto X/Z And DROID Come In A Variety Of Materials 2016/06/04 12:27pm PDTJun 4, 2016 40 2 Years Ago Today Chrome Beta v44 Comes With Improvements To 'Native App' And 'Add To Homescreen' Banners, New Push API Features, And More [APK Download] 2015/06/04 5:14pm PDTJun 4, 2015 129 3 Years Ago Today YouTube v5.7 For Android Finally Lets You Select Exact Streaming Quality, As Long As It's 720p Or Lower [APK Download] 2014/06/04 6:16pm PDTJun 4, 2014 3 4 Years Ago Today Google Posts Glass XE6 Factory Image For Your Flashing Pleasure 2013/06/04 8:31pm PDTJun 4, 2013 16 5 Years Ago Today [Update: Pre-Orders Are Live] Sprint Announces The Galaxy S III Available June 21, Pre-Orders Start June 5 - $199 For 16GB, $249 For 32GB 2012/06/04 10:55pm PDTJun 4, 2012 327 6 Years Ago Today [Book Giveaway #2] Looking To Get Into Android Development? We're Giving Away "Hello, Android" To A Lucky Reader 2011/06/04 7:16pm PDTJun 4, 2011 2 7 Years Ago Today HTC EVO 4G OTA Update Comes Out In Time For Launch, Fixes SD Card Problems, Patches Security Issues, But Disables Root - Available Via WiFi As Well 2010/06/04 6:44pm PDTJun 4, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 112 Weekend poll: How many photos are synced to your Google Photos account? 2017/06/04 3:44pm PDTJun 4, 2017 35 It's not just you—there's a widespread Google Home outage 2017/06/04 12:04pm PDTJun 4, 2017 61 Samsung opens up its browser to some non-Samsung devices on the Play Store 2017/06/04 10:30am PDTJun 4, 2017 29 Motorola rolling out Android 7.1.1 to the Moto Z Play 2017/06/04 8:45am PDTJun 4, 2017 18 Boost for Reddit removed from Play Store for alleged promotion of drugs, still not back after a week 2017/06/04 4:25pm PDTJun 4, 2017 Last 7 Days 28 Google Photos v2.16 prepares to upgrade the camera shortcut, suggest photos to archive, and more [APK Teardown + Download] 2017/05/31 11:36pm PDTMay 31, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] Here are 38 temporarily free and 72 on-sale apps, plus both 0.10 Apps of the Week 2017/05/31 2:08pm PDTMay 31, 2017 501 [Update: New details plus Andy Rubin interview] The Essential phone is official, with an edge-to-edge display and the world's smallest 360-degree camera accessory 2017/05/30 7:48am PDTMay 30, 2017 76 Samsung uploads its Device Maintenance tool to the Play Store 2017/06/03 6:01pm PDTJun 3, 2017 24 Plex Live TV is now available for all Plex Pass subscribers, tuner required 2017/06/01 6:00am PDTJun 1, 2017 Last 30 Days 78 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 88 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 28 Google Photos v2.16 prepares to upgrade the camera shortcut, suggest photos to archive, and more [APK Teardown + Download] 2017/05/31 11:36pm PDTMay 31, 2017 94 The Play Store adopts new app and notification icons with v7.8.16 [APK Download] 2017/05/10 6:25pm PDTMay 10, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Advertise | Contact 117 queries | 0.413s | nexus2 Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science     Money Video Travel Columnists Money Home Markets Saving & banking Investing Bills Cars Holidays Cards & loans Pensions Mortgages & home Experts Buy-to-let My Profile Logout Login Feedback HomeTop Share show ad 'I was taken in by a bogus website and lost £4,500': Turn detective to spot a holiday booking SCAM By Sally Hamilton, Financial Mail on Sunday Published: 17:05 EDT, 27 May 2017 | Updated: 03:28 EDT, 30 May 2017 e-mail 71 shares 57 View comments Companies behind internet search engines are being urged to do more to end the misery of holidaymakers duped into paying thousands of pounds to bogus travel booking firms – but there are steps you can take yourself to spot and avoid a scam. Fake websites are sprouting up almost daily and appear on search engines like Google when unwary travellers tap in popular destinations in their hunt for a summer getaway. Families looking for the perfect villa in the sun assume their search has produced listings of authentic lettings companies and often follow instructions to book directly with the owner of their chosen property. Duped: Mark High, above, was taken in by a bogus website and lost £4,500 But on closer inspection an increasing number of these websites are fake. Many are convincing copies of genuine websites, often put together by scammers using images and adapted wording culled from genuine travel firms' web pages.  These can be combined with photos of professional people from random websites around the world who are presented as holiday property owners or agents. RELATED ARTICLES Previous 1 Next SUN SCAM: From fake airline tickets to religious trips, how... Beware of the 'cyber-squatters' mimicking banks: Fraudsters... Spam, scam or sheer incompetence? Virgin Atlantic customers... Holiday villa scam warning as dodgy new rental website is... Share this article Share 71 shares HOW THIS IS MONEY CAN HELP Get more for your holiday money: The best debit and credit cards to beat overseas fees HOOKING HOLIDAYMAKERS One way fraudsters can achieve immediate high positions on search engine listings is by taking part in 'pay per click' campaigns where the engine company makes a small charge to show adverts above the natural website searches. Tap in 'villa holidays', for example, and many legitimate companies appear. But in among these lurk bogus websites that have also signed up. Nick Cooper, co-founder of long-established villa rental firm VillaPlus, has made it his mission to unmask fraudsters.  He says: 'Fake villa holiday websites are being given a helping hand by multi-billion pound companies who should be doing more to help tackle fraud.' He adds: 'Web hosting companies also refuse to close down fake websites, without an expensive court order or police intervention, despite being shown clear evidence of fraud.  'Meanwhile, these fake companies can run major ad campaigns, appearing high up on Google searches for months before finally being stopped.' In a statement Google said: 'We have a set of policies which govern what ads we do and do not allow.  'These policies make it clear that we do not allow fraudulent or misrepresentative websites. If we discover websites that are breaking this policy, we quickly take appropriate action.' Travellers also need to be wary that fake websites often hook them in with worthless booking guarantees promising refunds in the event someone chooses to cancel.  Feeling reassured, bookers pay the rental by bank transfer. But the cash is usually withdrawn as soon as it has landed in the fraudster's account – which is usually based abroad. HUNT FOR CLUES The Mail on Sunday carried out a reverse image search on a picture of apparent property agent Alexios Panagakos featured on bogus website greekvillaescapes.com.  This is the website that tricked readers Julie and David (not their real names) out of £6,000 in a case featured last month.  The photo is in fact that of an executive from an insurance firm in the US, which appears on his LinkedIn profile. To do a reverse image search, first click on the photo and then right click on the option 'search Google for image'.  Results will appear showing pictures that are visually similar as well as listings for pages that include the exact same photo. Some fake websites flip the stolen photos of properties in a bid to prevent internet image searches exposing the fraud.  As this paper reported earlier this month the scourge of bogus websites is increasing as the summer holiday season looms closer. A report by the City of London Police revealed a 20 per cent leap in reported holiday frauds in 2016 with more than 100 people a week losing on average in excess of £1,200 each.  The figure is likely to be far higher as victims are often too embarrassed to report they have been tricked. After reading our reports, reader Mark High feared the worst for a booking he and his wife Kerry had made less than 36 hours previously.  Mark discovered to his horror that they had been scammed out of £4,532 after booking a villa in Tenerife through sham website Canaries Holiday Villas – a website Nick Cooper warned Google about more than a month earlier. The couple have arranged villas previously online without a problem – and always paid by bank transfer rather than credit card so did not suspect crooks were at work.  He says: 'We discovered the villa was real but is only available through genuine agency James Villas that had already rented it for our dates. We realised then we had been conned.' The Highs, from Lincolnshire, contacted their bank HSBC immediately. But the call centre told them there was nothing that could be done.  The Mail on Sunday intervened and HSBC took a fresh look. After contacting the receiving bank in Dublin the bank managed to retrieve the couple's money. Gas engineer Mark says: 'We were disappointed with HSBC for fobbing us off and are sorry that it took The Mail on Sunday to make them act.  'But we are overjoyed they did the right thing and we can now take our children on holiday as planned.  'It was supposed to be a treat for us all after my wife's mother died and left us some money.  'The children were so upset when they thought it wouldn't happen.'  The couple came forward because they 'do not want this to happen to other families'. MORE ACTION NEEDED Critics believe both internet search engines and banks need to take more comprehensive action to protect customers. Martyn James, of consumer complaints website Resolver, says: 'Fraud works because the fraudsters are clever, manipulative and convincing.' Fight: Martyn James says banks must take action He adds: 'While banks aren't responsible for the actions of fraudsters, they do have an obligation to their customers to do all they can to get their cash back the moment they are told there is a problem.  'Suspicious transfers should not take place immediately and warnings about transferring money to strangers could easily be given in person or online.' Meanwhile, payments firms are debating how to combat bank transfer fraud and industry group The Payment Strategy Forum is proposing a 'confirmation of payee' system.  This aims to help people avoid sending payments to the wrong account, either by accident or being tricked into doing so – by ensuring confirmation of the recipient is sent to the payer before funds leave the original account. A spokesperson for Lloyds Bank says it will always try to retrieve the funds if asked in a process that can take 28 days. She adds: 'Where customers are delayed in reporting, the chances of obtaining a full recovery are low.' Julie and David heard last week that their quick action following reading our warnings meant the bank has managed to retrieve the majority of their lost £6,000. HOW THE POLICE TARGET RIP-OFF SCHEMES With fraudsters often based abroad to better evade detection it can be hard for police to track them down and take action.  So police tactics involve attempting to undermine the scammers' operations instead. The City of London Police runs Action Fraud, the national reporting centre for all types of internet fraud. Vigilant: City of London Police have a 'disruptions team' for fraud It has a 'disruptions team' where officers work with banks, internet services and technology companies to tackle rip-off schemes.  A spokesman says: 'Last year, we requested 160,000 phone lines, websites (including travel websites) and bank accounts be closed in order to disrupt these fraudsters.' Since hoaxers often set up new websites as quickly as the old ones are closed, detectives instead put emphasis on warning holidaymakers and making suggestions on how they can protect themselves.  CUT YOUR TRAVEL MONEY COSTS  Most credit and debit cards will charge hefty fees of around 3 per cent for foreign transactions, with extra charges for withdrawing cash abroad. There are several current accounts and credit cards which offer reduced fees or waive overseas charges altogether. If you would rather not change banks, currency cards offer holidaymakers the chance to load up a card with money to spend while they are away and potentially benefit from lower rates. Travellers should make sure these rates are better than their bank and check all the small print but typically these cards offer highly competitive exchange rates plus zero exchange rate fees  You can find out more about how these cards can help you save money and where to find the best deals in our roundup here.   FairFX is offering This is Money and MailOnline readers a free mastercard prepaid currency exchange card, which usually costs £9.95 THIS IS MONEY'S FIVE OF THE BEST CREDIT CARDS MBNA's Platinum Credit Card gives 42 months of 0% interest on balance transfers - the second longest deal available (2.79% handling fee applies). Make sure to clear the balanace before interest shoots up to 20.9% p.a. 18.9% APR Halifax's Clarity Credit Card charges no fees on overseas purchases and withdrawals - but remember interest will be applied immediately, so make sure to pay off holiday spends quickly. 18.9% APR The American Express British Airways Credit Card offers a 5,000 free Avios boost when you spend £1,000 in the first three months. Plus its pays 1 Avios per £1 spent on the card. 22.9% APR. The Sainsbury's Bank Purchase Credit Card offers 31 months of 0% interest on purchases - a best-buy deal. The offer also includes 0% interest on balance transfers for 3 months (3% handling fee applies). 18.9% APR M&S Bank's Shopping Plus Credit Card gives 25 months of 0% interest on purchases and balance transfers (2.9% handling fee applies), plus it pays M&S reward points on spending. 18.9% APR Read our full best credit cards round-up Share or comment on this article e-mail 71 shares Most watched Money videos Rolls Royce exhibition will showcase 'The Great Eight Phantoms' Investing Show: Can the FTSE 250 continue its strong run? Rolls-Royce showcases its bespoke capabilities in stylish car Jeremy Corbyn 'never set out to be Prime Minister' The exciting launch film for Mini Remastered by David Brown BMW's Peter Varadi on the technology used for its self-drive car Investing Show: Will shares go off the boil or keep rising? BMW self-drive car could allow motorists to sleep at the wheel BMW's advanced self-drive car uses pedestrian trackers Investing Show: Should you invest in India? Time to invest in Europe? It's not fixed, warns Tom Becket Investing Show: How are UK companies doing? SUNDAY NEWSPAPER SHARE TIPS: Lloyds, Aviva, Auto Trader Investors call for Tesco to halt Booker takeover claiming... Investors ready to revolt on the fattest cat's pay: Sir... Heathrow proposes plan to build bridges over the M25 to... TRADER TIPS: City insiders say buy Surgical Innovations... Sir Philip Green ropes in the consultants as profits fall... Volvo designing self-driving rubbish truck that follows... DAILY BRIEFING: Ocado signs deal to provide software and... 'This man is utterly useless': Lord Sugar gives his... How to cut your water bills - including this shower tip... Battered by Brexit: Hospitality chiefs warn of 'perfect... MIDAS SHARE TIPS: With bad old days behind it, Lloyds is... I was charged a £99 fee for a club I didn’t know I... My mum left her estate to me and my brother but her... SUNDAY NEWSPAPER SHARE TIPS: Lloyds, Aviva, Auto Trader Corbyn in No 10 'could plunge Britain into a recession'... You could be paying £5k a year too much on your mortgage:... Where to invest your cash after the election: Experts tip... MOST READ MONEY Previous Next ● ● ● ● Comments 57 Share what you think Newest Oldest Best rated Worst rated   View all The comments below have not been moderated.   View all The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline. Add your comment Enter your comment Post comment to your Facebook Timeline What's This? By posting your comment you agree to our house rules. Submit Comment Clear Close Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline? Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.   No Yes Close Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline? Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook. You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy. More top stories Portfolio Newsletter Guides Savings rates Deals Calculators Enter search term: Search All Articles Share prices QUICK WAYS TO SAVE MONEY Credit cards Cheaper insurance Savings accounts Best mortgages Cut your energy bills Current accounts Cheapest loans £12.50 share dealing MORE IN HOLIDAYS Holiday insurance advice Learn the tricks and traps Travel insurance finder Compare more than 450 policies Free currency card Load up with low-cost currency Latest tourist rates Updated every morning     DON'T MISS Where to invest your cash after the election Experts tip homebuilders and financials if Tories win... but investors should prepare for any outcome Main parties make their pitches to audience of small companies We report on the three main parties' short pitches to small firms My mum left her estate to me and my brother but her live-in partner of 30 years is making a claim... Britain's top property hotspots revealed Edinburgh and Croydon top the list of the most in-demand areas, according to Zoopla. The six 'please stop ripping me off' phone calls you can't afford not to make RACHEL RICKARD STRAUS. Robots, obesity, old age - whatever you want to invest in, there's now an ETF to help you... We assess their appeal.. Millennials can't rely on the state pension and need to save more and prepare to work for longer, warns IMF Should you invest in soaring cyber security stocks following the NHS ransomware attack? Property market in worst run since the financial crisis as house prices fall for third consecutive month Now you can put bitcoin in your pension UK investing giant Hargreaves Lansdown offers funds that track the cryptocurrency. How do I make sure I get my deposit back from the landlord in full? I'm leaving university and my rented flat this summer. BMW's fully automated self-driving car will be available within four years RAY MASSEY takes the first 'drive'. One in four holidaymakers is left frustrated by credit card providers zealously blocking cards Another 2% on insurance tax means average car policy premium will have jumped 14% in a year, experts warn Average policy tops £800. Latest from Holidays Hidden extra charges can DOUBLE motor hire costs: How to avoid rental car rip-offs BA must compensate customers now if without quibble if it is to save its reputation, claims consumer group Which? How to win a payout if an airline ruins your holiday: Fight for compensation after the BA debacle begins Online shopping can now earn you free flights with Norwegian Air's new loyalty scheme - but is it any good? BA faces paying out millions of pounds in compensation after IT crash: How to claim flight delay or cancellation compensation 'I was taken in by a bogus website and lost £4,500': Turn detective to spot a holiday booking SCAM Beware EU health card salesmen who know all your personal details: Rogue websites charge £35 to apply for EHIC cards - but they're free from the NHS Revealed: The stopover trick that can HALVE the cost of flights - and give you a bonus stay in an exotic city SUN SCAM: From fake airline tickets to religious trips, how to protect yourself from the rise in holiday-related fraud MORE HEADLINES     Tourist rates Currency Rate Buy now Updated 05 Jun 2017. Euro 1.118 Buy Now US Dollar 1.26 Buy Now Australian Dollar 1.6976 Buy Now Canadian Dollar 1.697 Buy Now Chinese Yuan 8.3824 Buy Now Croatian Kuna 8.1901 Buy Now Czech Koruna 29.3418 Buy Now Danish Krone 8.3177 Buy Now Egyptian Pound 16.27 Buy Now Hong Kong Dollar 9.7616 Buy Now Hungarian Forint 342.068 Buy Now Icelandic KrÃ³na 117.9047 Buy Now Israeli New Shekel 4.3679 Buy Now Japanese Yen 140.0258 Buy Now Malaysian Ringgit 6.2624 Buy Now Mexican Peso 22.9416 Buy Now New Turkish Lire 4.3846 Buy Now New Zealand Dollar 1.7733 Buy Now Norwegian Krone 10.5748 Buy Now Polish Zloty 4.6311 Buy Now Singapore Dollar 1.7365 Buy Now South African Rand 16.2192 Buy Now Sterling 1.0 Buy Now Swedish Krona 10.8731 Buy Now Swiss Franc 1.22 Buy Now Thai Baht 42.3565 Buy Now UAE Dirham 4.6062 Buy Now TRAVEL ESSENTIALS How to claim flight delay or cancellation compensation We explain what how much you're entitled to and how to claim compensation. How to get cheap flights Find out how to get the best deal and avoid hidden charges, fare finders and booking fees. Why you need a free EHIC card and how to apply for one EHIC gets you free or reduced cost state-provided healthcare in certain countries. The 12 ways car hire firms sting you at the desk: Holidaymakers pay an average of £116 in additional fees (here's how to avoid them) Currency exchange: Latest tourist rates Tourist rates updated daily, with predictions on where next for the pound. Cheap currency is also available. Going on holiday? Best debit and credit cards to help you avoid overseas fees Free currency exchange card Readers can get a FREE FairFX card, accessing better excha<x>nge rates and dodging expensive bank ch<x>arges abroad Travel insurance: How to get the cheapest cover Our tables list THE best deals on travel insurance and allow you compare the small print How to get travel insurance if you're suffering from a serious illness ...and why you musn't just rely on EHIC TRAVEL: TIPS & GUIDES EHIC (European Health Insurance Card) A EHIC allows you access to free or reduced cost state-provided healthcare in certain countries while you are abroad Five tips to save money over the holidays&nbsp; Whether you're planning a staycation or looking for cheap ways to entertain the kids here's how to save money over the holidays. Has your flight got cheaper after you bought it? How to get your airline to pay YOU the difference&nbsp; How to fight back if your holiday turns to disaster: From lost bags, to cancellations, or hotels from hell don't shrug your shoulders - get money back&nbsp; Ditching the UK for sunnier climes? Clever transfers and careful planning could help you fund your new luxury lifestyle How to get cheap flights Cheap flights can seem a bargain, but there are hidden charges, fare finders and booking fees to navigate first Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Navigation Menu Social Media News Social Media News Social Media Help Facebook Help Twitter Help Google+ Help LinkedIn Help Instagram Help Pinterest Help Youtube Help Technology Technology News Tech Tips Apps & Software Gadgets Tablets Apple Kindle Samsung Internet Search Engine News Web Bing Google Yahoo Business Advertising Blogging Development Start Ups Mobile Android Blackberry iPhone Reviews Windows Phone Infographics Follow us on Twitter Follow us on Facebook Subscribe To Rss Feed Follow Us On Google+ Home » Google’s cool new feature allows you to perform searches through Gmail or Photos Google’s cool new feature allows you to perform searches through Gmail or Photos Home » Google » Google’s cool new feature allows you to perform searches through Gmail or Photos Posted By Ola Ric on May 27, 2017 | 0 comments Share the joy                 Credit: https://www.google.com/ Google has added a new feature that lets you filter your search results by “personal” results. The new feature, which was spotted by Search Engine Roundtable, works when you are logged into your Gmail account, and of course, when you do a normal Google search. However, you won’t spot or be able to use the new feature if you are not logged into your account. Above, you can see the new feature, with a new tab “personal” added to the dropdown menu. What happens when you try searching without logging in? That’s a fairly simple question, and the answer of course, is that the personal feature won’t appear. The feature like I said, only works when you log into your account. As soon as you log in, your search results will be presented according to what you have in your Gmail and Google Photos. It’s not a huge addition, but one that could add some fun to how you search when using Google. You will also have to click on the “More” menu to access the “Personal” tab to be able to use it. Being able to search your personal data is one that will please a lot of people—and that’s why I think the feature will attract a lot of people. If you haven’t spotted it yet, that’s because it’s gradually being rolled out by Google, and could take a few more days to reach a global audience. The fact that you can carry out all your searches from a single and simple interface, makes the feature a welcome one. It will go a long way in helping people spend more time on Google’s search page because they can access all the personal and general data they need. For those asking, the feature works on both mobile and web versions of Google, and so it’s a welcome development. So, wherever you go and whatever platform [mobile or web], accessing the new feature isn’t going to be an issue for you. Google has alleviated any issue or doubt that might arise as a result of privacy. The company added a notice right below your image, assuring that “Only you can see these results.” That should calm a lot of nerves in these days of constant vulnerability issue on the internet. The worry for me is, when you try to log into your Gmail or Photos account on a shared computer. This is a big worry because a friend or a third-party can easily view or access your private data or photos. I have tried out the new feature, and I think it’s fun to use. What are your first thought of the new feature? Have you tried it out? You can share your views with us by using the comment box below. Share the joy                 Share this: Reddit Email Facebook Skype Twitter Tumblr Google LinkedIn More Pinterest Author: Ola Ric Ola Ric is a professional tech writer. He has written and provided tons of published articles for professionals and private individuals. He is also a social commentator and analyst, with relevant experience in the use of social media services. Share This Post On Google Facebook Twitter Search SocialBarrel.com Search for: Subscribe! Our Sponsor Create your online store with WixStores! Our Sponsor Recent From Social Media News Facebook Instant Articles Is Now Compatible With Apple News and Google AMP Jun 4, 2017 Reddit users will now be able to add location to any mobile post Jun 1, 2017 Twitter rolls out filters to help keep strangers off your DM May 31, 2017 Essential Phone is official and brought by the Android creator May 30, 2017 Snapchat now requires you to activate location services when using basic features May 29, 2017 Advertisement Home About us Our Team Privacy Contact Write for us Advertise With Us! A Venture Geeks project Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Gigjets Technology Gaming Computers Phones Software and Apps Tablets Connect With Us: X Search this site: Search for: X Navigate Here: Sitemap X Home » Phones » Google Nexus 6P: Amazing phone but difficult to find Google Nexus 6P: Amazing phone but difficult to find By Christopher McCandles / May 26, 2017 / Phones No Comments on Google Nexus 6P: Amazing phone but difficult to find 174 For various PC problems, we recommend to use this tool. This tool will repair most computer errors, protect you from file loss, malware, hardware failure and optimize your PC for maximum performance. Quickly fix PC issues and prevent others from happening with this software: Download ReimagePlus (100% safe download and endorsed by us). Click “Start Scan” to find Windows issues that could be causing PC problems. Click “Repair All” to fix all issues. It seems like the Google Nexus 6P device is the last of the Nexus brand and apparently it’s replacement is something completely different. While the Nexus 6P was £449, Google raises the price for Pixel and Pixel XL handsets at about £599 and £719, respectively. The new Pixel devices are extremely good but the price place it along with the Apple iPhone 7 Plus and Samsung Galaxy S8. I mean, it has great features but are they worth £240 more? Not so much. Right now the Nexus 6P is nowhere to find, and you can have it only if you’re willing to search through second hand markets, where you can get a great deal and pay less. It’s a shame that Google thought it would be better to increase the payment. Review It was released in 2014. Although it was a pretty good phone, the size of it was enormous, so we got Nexus 6P. It’s lighter, slimmer and smaller, with a 5.7inch display, similar to the Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge, Note 5 and iPhone 6sPlus. What’s new Besides those other changes, the Motorola manufacturer lets Huawei Chinese technology to take over. Huawei’s experience can be seen in the Nexus 6P’s design. In this area, it is clearly better than Nexus 6 because it’s less slippery and bulky than it was the older model and this is very important to a lot of people. The screen is protected by Gorilla Glass 4 to prevent scratches and drops. It even has the new Type-C USB ports, which leaves a mark on all the new soon to be launched devices and promises faster charging! It’s more robust than the Micro-USB version and it’s easier to plug your cable in the USB port without the fear of breaking it. You can also reverse the power and charge other devices using your phone. Related Tagged as: Google Nexus 6P Recommended stories you may like: New Nokia 9 with QWERTY Keypad Google says Nexus 6 and Nexus 9 are not available for Android 7.1.2 Nougat update Differences between the OnePlus5 and Samsung Galaxy S8 Samsung Galaxy S8 software update fixes Bluetooth complications Asus ZenFone 3 Zoom Arrives in North America for Only $329 Google Nexus 6P – Why Does it Stand out from the Rest? Nexus 5X and Nexus 6P Revival is Inevitable Nexus 5X and Nexus 6 Critical Security risks patched by Google Nexus 5 Still a Reliable Device Option Nexus 6P Battery Issues to bring Google a lawsuit Nexus 5x vs. Nexus 6P vs. Google Pixel – Which One is Worth It? LG Nexus 5X vs Xiaomi Mi6 – the Best Budget Smartphones Google Nexus 6P and Mavic Pro – How to FIx Brightness Malfunction Does the Google Nexus 5 Still Hold Its Own? Nokia 6 vs HTC U Ultra – Secondary Display or Affordable Price? Samsung Galaxy S8 and S8 Plus are Scheduled to Receive Major Software Update Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Website Notify me of follow-up comments by email. Notify me of new posts by email. The Disappointing Release Of MacBook ProMay 31, 2017 PlayStation 4 4.70 Software Update Available with New ChangesMay 31, 2017 15inch MacBook Pro Shipping DateMay 30, 2017 Discovered Bug Damaging Google Chrome Without Your AcknowledgementMay 30, 2017 Meet The Apple’s Mac Pro From The FutureMay 30, 2017 Android O and What is it Going to FeatureMay 30, 2017 iPad Pro vs. iPad Air 2 – Storage Capacity and Improvements BattleMay 30, 2017 New Nokia 9 with QWERTY KeypadMay 29, 2017 Choosing Between MacBook Pro and Surface Pro 5May 29, 2017 Microsoft Surface Pro 2017 Comes With An Incredible KeyboardMay 28, 2017 Google says Nexus 6 and Nexus 9 are not available for Android 7.1.2 Nougat updateMay 28, 2017 Differences between the OnePlus5 and Samsung Galaxy S8May 27, 2017 Samsung Galaxy S8 software update fixes Bluetooth complicationsMay 27, 2017 Software update for Google Nexus 6PMay 26, 2017 Google’s Nexus 6 Review And Update ReleaseMay 25, 2017 © GigJets 2016
Home Mail News Sport Finance Celebrity Style Weather Answers Flickr Mobile More Yahoo Search Search News Home Follow us UK Yahoo Originals General Election 17 World Finance Celebrity Sport Science & Tech Motoring TV Movies Style Weather News Video Viral Google’s latest Go victory shows machines are no longer just learning, they're teaching Mark Robert Anderson, Professor in Computing and Information Systems, Edge Hill University The Conversation 26 May 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Share Just over 20 years ago was the first time a computer beat a human world champion in a chess match, when IBM’s Deep Blue supercomputer beat Gary Kasparov in a narrow victory of 3½ games to 2½. Just under a decade later, machines were deemed to have conquered the game of chess when Deep Fritz, a piece of software running on a desktop PC, beat 2006 world champion Vladimir Kramnik. Now the ability of computers to take on humanity has taken a step further by mastering the far more complex board game Go, with Google’s AlphaGo program beating world number one Ke Jie twice in a best-of-three series. This signifcant milestone shows just how far computers have come in the past 20 years. DeepBlue’s victory at chess showed machines could rapidly process huge amounts of information, paving the way for the big data revolution we see today. But AlphaGo’s triumph represents the development of real artificial intelligence by a machine that can recognise patterns and learn the best way to respond to them. What’s more, it may signify a new evolution in AI, where computers not only learn how to beat us but can start to teach us as well. Go is considered one of the world’s most complex board games. Like chess, it’s a game of strategy but it also has several key differences that make it much harder for a computer to play. The rules are relatively simple but the strategies involved to play the game are highly complex. It is also much harder to calculate the end position and winner in the game of Go. It has a larger board (a 19x19 grid rather than an 8x8 one) and an unlimited number of pieces, so there are many more ways that the board can be arranged. Whereas chess pieces start in set positions and can each make a limited number of moves each turn, Go starts with a blank board and players can place a piece in any of the 361 free spaces. Each game takes on average twice as many turns as chess and there are six times as many legal move options per turn. Each of these features means you can’t build a Go program using the same techniques as for chess machines. These tend to use a “brute force” approach of analysing the potential of large numbers of possible moves to select the best one. Feng-Hsiung Hsu, one of the key contributors to the DeepBlue team, argued in 2007 that applying this strategy to Go would require a million-fold increase in processing speed over DeepBlue so a computer could analyse 100 trillion positions per second. Learning new moves The strategy used by AlphaGo’s creators at Google subsidiary DeepMind was to create an artificial intelligence program that could learn how to identify favourable moves from useless ones. This meant it wouldn’t have to analyse all the possible moves that could be made at each turn. In preparation for its first match against professional Go player Lee Sedol, AlphaGo analysed around 300m moves made by professional Go players. It then used what are called deep learning and reinforcement learning techniques to develop its own ability to identify favourable moves. But this wasn’t enough to enable AlphaGo to defeat highly ranked human players. The software was run on custom microchips specifically designed for machine learning, known as tensor processing units (TPUs), to support very large numbers of computations. This seems similar to the approach used by the designers of DeepBlue, who also developed custom chips for high-volume computation. The stark difference, however, is that DeepBlue’s chips could only be used for playing chess. AlphaGo’s chips run Google’s general-purpose AI framework, Tensorflow, and are also used to power other Google services such as Street View and optimisation tasks in the firm’s data centres. Lesson for us all The other thing that has changed since DeepBlue’s victory is the respect that humans have for their computer opponents. When playing chess computers, it was common for the human players to adopt so-called anti-computer tactics. This involves making conservative moves to prevent the computer from evaluating positions effectively. In his first match against AlphaGo, however, Ke Jie, adopted tactics that had previously been used by his opponent to beat it at its own game. Although this attempt failed, it demonstrates a change in approach for leading human players taking on computers. Instead of trying to stifle the machine, they have begun trying to learn from how it played in the past. Read More In fact, the machine has already influenced the professional game of Go, with grandmasters adopting AlphaGo’s strategy during their tournament matches. This machine has taught humanity something new about a game it has been playing for over 2,500 years, liberating us from the experience of millennia. What then might the future hold for the AI behind AlphaGo? The success of DeepBlue triggered rapid developments that have directly impacted the techniques applied in big data processing. The benefit of the technology used to implement AlphaGo is that it can already be applied to other problems that require pattern identification. For example, the same techniques have been applied to the detection of cancer and to create robots that can learn to do things like open doors, among many other applications. The underlying framework used in AlphaGo, Google’s TensorFlow, has been made freely available for developers and researchers to build new machine-learning programs using standard computer hardware. More excitingly, combining it with the many computers available through the internet cloud creates the promise of delivering machine-learning supercomputing. When this technology matures then the potential will exist for the creation of self-taught machines in wide-ranging roles that can support complex decision-making tasks. Of course, what may be even more profound are the social impacts of having machines that not only teach themselves but teach us in the process. This article was originally published on The Conversation. Read the original article. The ConversationMore Mark Robert Anderson does not work for, consult, own shares in or receive funding from any company or organisation that would benefit from this article, and has disclosed no relevant affiliations beyond the academic appointment above. Reblog Share Tweet Share What to read next Google's giant new London campus is already several years behind schedule (GOOG) Business Insider UK Top 8 Credit Cards If You Have Excellent Credit CompareCards.comSponsored Apple WWDC 2017: How to watch live stream and what to expect International Business Times First victim of London Bridge terror attack named as Canadian Christine Archibald Yahoo News UK Theresa May says the internet must now be regulated following London Bridge terror attack The Independent This Technology Will Be Bigger Than the Internet The Sovereign InvestorSponsored How much money do top English clubs make? 1993 vs 2017 Yahoo UK Originals One Love Manchester: Ariana Grande tribute show in pictures This man 'embodied the British spirit' by fleeing the London Bridge attack with his pint Yahoo News UK An Insane Card Offering A 0% APR Until August 2018 NextAdvisorSponsored In pictures: London Bridge terror attack leaves 7 dead and dozens injured This Mary Meeker chart illustrates Apple's '$1,000 iPhone' problem perfectly (AAPL) Business Insider UK Past votes Theresa May wish you forgot Yahoo UK Originals Joel And Victoria Clear Up The Controversial Rumor TheBlaze.comSponsored Millennials are killing chains like Buffalo Wild Wings and Applebee's (BWLD) Business Insider UK Pictures of the week: Surfers, seaplanes and salt lakes By using Yahoo you agree that Yahoo and partners may use Cookies for personalisation and other purposes
Today's Top StoriesWATCH NOW GO Personalize your weather by entering a location. Sorry, but the location you entered was not found. Please try again. Sections Traffic Watch PhiladelphiaPennsylvaniaNew JerseyDelaware BREAKING NEWS Multi-vehicle crash closes I-95 NB near exit 10 in Tinicum Twp. Full Story Email share share tweet email BREAKING NEWS Shelter-in-place issued after prisoner escapes in Bucks Co. Full Story Email share share tweet email TOP VIDEOS Log in Home AccuWeather Traffic Video Photos Apps Local News PhiladelphiaPennsylvaniaNew JerseyDelaware Categories Investigation Troubleshooters Consumer Healthcheck Today's Tips Art of Aging U.S. & World Politics Sports Entertainment Community News 6abc Loves the Arts Station Info About 6abc/Contact Us! Action News Biographies 6abc Contests & Promotions TV Listings Jobs & Internships at 6abc Community Shows Watch Action News Online FYI Philly Visions Inside Story Live Well Network Puerto Rican Panorama Join the Action! Send your pictures and videos to Action News! Follow Us BREAKING NEWS Multi-vehicle crash closes I-95 NB near exit 10 in Tinicum Twp. Full Story Email share share tweet email BREAKING NEWS Shelter-in-place issued after prisoner escapes in Bucks Co. Full Story Email share share tweet email GOOGLE Google goes beyond online to brick and mortar stores to track shopping habits Email share share tweet email EMBED </>More Videos <iframe width="476" height="267" src="http://6abc.com/video/embed/?pid=2033958" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe> It might sound invasive on the surface, but Google says it is not tracking individual shoppers and their specific purchases. (KGO-TV) WPVI Saturday, May 27, 2017 CAMPBELL, Calif. (WPVI) -- You probably already know that Google tracks what you search for online, but now the Silicon Valley giant is going offline -- and tracking what you buy at brick and mortar stores. It might sound invasive on the surface, but Google says it is not tracking individual shoppers and their specific purchases. Shoppers like Cynthia Spencer are concerned when they hear Google has a new tool for tracking consumer habits. Watch the video in the player above for the full story. Related Topics: technologyshoppingcredit cardsconsumerconsumer reportstippinggooglesilicon valleyCampbellMountain View Email share share tweet email (Copyright ©2017 WPVI-TV. All Rights Reserved.) Load Comments Please enable JavaScript to view comments. GOOGLE Google releases list of America's most misspelled words Facebook Safety Check activated after reported explosion at Ariana Grande concert What you need to know about Google Docs phishing scam Burger King's Whopper gets prank Wikipedia edits in ad gag More google TECHNOLOGY How to prevent annoying robocalls This Day In History: The Brooklyn Bridge opens New dating app weeds out criminals, sex offenders Today's Tip - Consumer Extra More Technology Top Stories Shelter-in-place issued after prisoner escapes in Bucks Co. Multi-vehicle crash closes I-95 NB near exit 10 in Tinicum Twp. Young man and woman shot, killed inside car in East Mt. Airy NJ-based Dawa agrees to change name after Wawa suit Fire destroys home in South Philadelphia Suspect charged in stabbing of Councilman David Oh 12 arrested in London's night of terror; IS claims attack Show More Bear tranquilized, then fell asleep in tree in Bucks County Fire damages 3 homes in Wilmington NJ nuclear plant warns of planned emergency siren test Fetal Surgery Family Reunion at CHOP AccuWeather: T'Storms Likely Monday More News Top Video 12 arrested in London's night of terror; IS claims attack NJ nuclear plant warns of planned emergency siren test Fetal Surgery Family Reunion at CHOP Bear tranquilized, then fell asleep in tree in Bucks County More Video Home AccuWeather Traffic Local News PhiladelphiaPennsylvaniaNew JerseyDelaware Categories Video Photos Investigation Troubleshooters Consumer Healthcheck Today's Tips Art of Aging Station Info About 6abc/Contact Us! Action News Biographies 6abc Contests & Promotions TV Listings Jobs & Internships at 6abc Community Shows Watch Action News Online FYI Philly Visions Inside Story Live Well Network Puerto Rican Panorama Apps GO Follow Us Home AccuWeather Traffic Video Photos Apps PhiladelphiaPennsylvaniaNew JerseyDelaware Investigation Troubleshooters Consumer Healthcheck Today's Tips Art of Aging About 6abc/Contact Us! Action News Biographies 6abc Contests & Promotions TV Listings Jobs & Internships at 6abc Community Privacy Policy Children's Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Use Interest-Based Ads Public Inspection File Copyright © 2017 ABC Inc., WPVI-TV Philadelphia. All Rights Reserved. Personalize your weather by entering a location. Sorry, but the location you entered was not found. Please try again. Sections Traffic Watch PhiladelphiaPennsylvaniaNew JerseyDelaware Home AccuWeather Traffic Video Photos Apps Local News PhiladelphiaPennsylvaniaNew JerseyDelaware Categories Investigation Troubleshooters Consumer Healthcheck Today's Tips Art of Aging U.S. & World Politics Sports Entertainment Community News 6abc Loves the Arts Station Info About 6abc/Contact Us! Action News Biographies 6abc Contests & Promotions TV Listings Jobs & Internships at 6abc Community Shows Watch Action News Online FYI Philly Visions Inside Story Live Well Network Puerto Rican Panorama Join the Action! Send your pictures and videos to Action News! Follow Us GO Follow Us Privacy Policy Children's Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Use Interest-Based Ads Public Inspection File Copyright © 2017 ABC Inc., WPVI-TV Philadelphia
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us ... [Update: Now $75 Off] Deal Alert: Pixel 32GB (international version) is $50 off on eBay Scott Scrivens View All Posts 2017/05/26 2:20pm PDTMay 26, 2017 2 Plus 1 on G+ 53 Share on Facebook 57 Share on Twitter Total Shares112 Deals News Pixel Update 1: 2017/05/26 2:32pm PDT It looks like the price has dropped another $25, making this a $75 savings in total. For a device that hasn't seen much in the way of price drops or It's no secret that Google has had some serious supply issues with its flagship Pixel phone. That goes for pretty much any combination of size, color, or storage. Rumors even began to surface alleging that Google had stopped production of the devices altogether. That wasn't the case, but nonetheless, you will still struggle to actually find the Pixel if you wish to buy it. A 32GB Pixel (international version) on eBay for $50 off the list price could be the answer to that problem. This is the entry level 5" Pixel, with 32GB of storage in the color Very Silver - and it's available for $599. That's $50 less than the $649 Google is still charging for it. Beware though, this is the international version of the device. So if you live in the US you'll have to check the bands to see if it works on your network. This version won't play nice with Verizon or Sprint, so if you're on either of those carriers you can rule this out. If you live outside the US then this is definitely for you. Shipping appears to be free in the US, but here in the UK, it's $18.99. That still works out a bargain for me, especially if you account for the exchange rate. You'll have to do the sums from where you are to see if the deal is as good for you. It's worth mentioning that getting your warranty honored might be tough with this type of purchase, so bear that in mind. It's hard to say how many of these they have, other than a "limited quantity," so you'll have to be quick if you want to get your hands on arguably the best Android phone of 2016. Update 1: 2017/05/26 2:32pm PDT It looks like the price has dropped another $25, making this a $75 savings in total. For a device that hasn't seen much in the way of price drops or sales since launch, $75 off isn't bad. Anyone interested in a Pixel that uses a network compatible with this international model should give it a serious think. End of Update Source: eBay Thanks: Moshe Tags deal eBay Google pixel subscribe ... Previous Story Google is now offering four free months of Google Play Music for new subscribers ... Next Story The Android app for ASUS' upcoming Lyra mesh Wi-Fi network system is already available Trending 78 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 88 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 Comments Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ Let me know when it's $100 with a free year of Amazon Prime. Then I'll get one. shamatuu that will never happen james fuston Looks like we found the one guy still using a Fire Phone. Middlefinger As a back up phone yeah, its not reliable enough to be a daily driver. Its problems seem to be a mixture of hardware bugs, and Googles poor software QC. me me "bargain" JL "buggy" Gladysrcrosby Managing director of Google!, is explaining to users to start off "Work at home" method, that People have been doing for about one year now. These days alone, I generated close to $36,000 until now with no more than my home computer as well as some spare time, despite that i have a fulltime 9 to 5 job. Even everyone not used to this, can make $89/per h easily and the earnings can go even higher over time... This is how i started !so184c: ➽➽ ➽➽;➽➽ http://GoogleFinancialCashJobs474MarketConsultantGetPaid$97/Hour... ★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫::::::!so184c:....,.... abc "bezel" Master Yates After handling a S8, OMG those Bezels. Max Johnson "blacklisted" Taylor Hardy I work from convenience of my residence, via hassle-free tasks which only needs only from you a Laptop in addition to on-line connection and I am just more successful than ever before... After six months with this work and therefore managed to get paid in total 36 thousand dollars... Mainly I make close to 80 bucks/h and work for 3 to 4 hours time daily.And fantastic point regarding this work is that you can easily arrange time period whenever you get the job done and for how long as you may wish for and you achieve a check each week.----->>>> learn by clicking here how to do it right now Middlefinger Even at $99 its not worth the bugs. It doesnt matter how 'high end' a device is, if it doesn't work properly, its worthless. jonzey231 $50 is worth a guarantee that Google will honor the warranty....trust me...I wish I would've gotten my 6P direct. Andy What do you mean? jonzey231 If you don't buy the phone from Google, they won't help you. They send you to the manufacturer. I was forced to go to Huawei for my 6P and it was a little over 3 weeks before I got it back....and the problem is still there. Spend the extra $50 and buy it through Google so you're guaranteed to get support through their CS channels. You'll be glad you did in 6 months when something inevitably goes wrong. IMHO get the OnePlus 3T. Costs less but has better overall specs aside from the camera which is still pretty good in its own right. My brother has one and my roommate just got his last week and they both have no intention of going back to a major brand ever again. YaKillaCJ Same happened when I got the OnePlus One. It changed the way I (and many others) view a "budget" device from an unknown brand. needa I felt the same way after using an OPO for nearly three years. Got me an XL in mint condition for $450. Google edition even. Still had 3520 mAh in the batt too. Would have bought the black 3T had they been in stock. Took me three days to hunt down this deal. Andy Got my wife the pixel. Runs great. Just had the microphone problem. Google swapped without question. Wife seems to think it takes horrible selfies. Rod Weird, as it's cameras are regarded among the best currently. Random! @andy maybe you should let her know that the camera isn't the problem... It's actually her face. If you do warn her about this, I promise to visit you at the hospital. Andy Thanks for the tip. VAVAMk_2 Huzzah! Master Yates Agreed with you regarding the 3T. Lets see if the excellent updates and support evaporate when the One Plus 5 is released? That's the real test. IcerC Except in this case Google is the Manufacturer, that might change things. VAVAMk_2 Google didn't make the camera. Uses a Sony made sensor but the camera software is Google's and regarded among the best in post processing, particularly HDR. Roy Ahh so nice call me when the 1+2 will get Nougat and your friend will get or never get Android O. ddevito #Fail Andy S8 release response? AdMoc Does not ship to Poland as fck always -_- Random! Look for some service like Shipito. I believe they have an EU warehouse. Shakil Shaikh $60 shipping? kristin ANY Pixel made by google is compatible with any provider. It doesnt matter if its international or not. This writer is an odiot. Scott Scrivens https://www.techwalls.com/google-pixel-pixel-xl-model-number-differences/ Kevin Davis "Odiot", lmao. 😂 Oh, and you're wrong, too. kristin I called google about this. It would be up your phone company provider whether it worked or not. So it may not work with att or tmobile either. kristin This may or may not work on any provider. Its up to the provider. You want a pixel? Go to swappa.com and get one used in mint condition for much cheaper. Ive gotten a few phones from them since ive been on project fi and had no issues. Ill never buy a new phone again. Random! $50 off? How cute... If they get to $300 off ($350 final price) within a month, I might even convince myself it's worth to stare at those bezels everyday. Other than that (impossible) scenario, I'd rather get the 3T, Axon 7, or even the LG G5. Gjorgi Lazarovski The Pixel is probably not dropping in price anytime soon. iKon The most overrated smartphone of 2016. Only the camera is decent. Ugly ass design, overpriced and dull with no features compared to competition Roy You mean the best smartphone of 2016, best camera rare band front, best software, best updates. Great battery, great display. xyz No, he means "The most overrated smartphone of 2016. Only the camera is decent. Ugly ass design, overpriced and dull with no features compared to competition." Roy No, I'm sure he/she means "the best smartphone of 2016, best camera rare band front, best software, best updates. Great battery, great display". iKon No I meant what I said. The pixel is a flop and even Google knows it. No matter how much money they put into advertising there are alot of better choices out there.. only hard core Google fanboys try and big it up Roy Yes yada yada and still every reviewer said is the best smartphone of 2016. So.. even David here. In the on of the day it's a lots about the UI and I just don't like Samsung software. Ordeith LOL. You're such a Google sycophant, Roy. Roy You feeling really smart? I'm Imagine your ass all over your face. nirmitlamed Google is so off track in figuring out what customers wants and competing against the other monstrous companies. I would very much like to hear how many Pixels Google sold in the last year since they told us they sold more than they expected. Lawrence I can put my coffee cup on the Bezel David Nowicki I'm a big Nexus fan, but why would you pay $749 for the Pixel XL vs the OnePlus 3T at about half the price ? And soon the OnePlus 5 at $450 or so with S8+ specs will be a steal compared to the Pixel 4Ui812 Supply and demand. Limit the supply and you increase demand. It's like P.T. Barnum said , "There's a sucker born every minute". Follow Android Police 1.49M 472k 145k 119k Latest Deals 9 [Deal Alert] Chromecast Ultra is $59.99 ($10 off) at Google Store, Best Buy, B&H and others 2017/06/04 12:16pm PDTJun 4, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] Google Home is $109 ($20 off) at Best Buy, Google Store, B&H, and others 2017/06/04 10:07am PDTJun 4, 2017 12 [Deal Alert] Kick off the weekend with 24 temporarily free and 52 on-sale apps 2017/06/03 6:50pm PDTJun 3, 2017 18 [Deal Alert] Get a Nextbit Robin for $129.99 on eBay 2017/06/03 9:39am PDTJun 3, 2017 33 [Deal Alert] A Stork's Journey is currently free on Google Play Movies & TV 2017/06/01 10:50pm PDTJun 1, 2017 Latest Poll How many photos are on your Google Photos account? Under 100 100-999 1,000-2,499 2,500-4,999 5,000-9,999 10,000-19,999 20,000-39,999 More than 40,000. View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 67 Asus ZenFone 3 Zoom review: A promising phone that falls victim to bad software and cut corners 2017/05/31 2:21pm PDTMay 31, 2017 113 AOSPA (Paranoid Android) review: back from the dead, and we're thrilled 2017/05/31 9:47am PDTMay 31, 2017 29 Tag Heuer Connected Modular 45 review: It seems like $1,500 should get you more 2017/05/29 9:57am PDTMay 29, 2017 74 [Update, G+ Post] Francisco Franco makes his productivity timer 5217 free to try 2017/05/16 10:01am PDTMay 16, 2017 290 HTC U11 hands-on: HTC gets a little closer to the mark 2017/05/16 12:02am PDTMay 16, 2017 Latest Roundups 13 29 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/24/17 - 5/31/17) 2017/05/31 10:20am PDTMay 31, 2017 8 10 new and notable Android apps from the last week (5/23/17 - 5/29/17) 2017/05/29 12:49pm PDTMay 29, 2017 13 31 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/17/17 - 5/23/17) 2017/05/23 3:06pm PDTMay 23, 2017 16 12 new and notable Android apps and live wallpapers from the last week (5/16/17 - 5/22/17) 2017/05/22 12:48pm PDTMay 22, 2017 16 29 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/10/17 - 5/16/17) 2017/05/16 4:22pm PDTMay 16, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 18 Boost for Reddit removed from Play Store for alleged promotion of drugs, still not back after a week 2017/06/04 4:25pm PDTJun 4, 2017 112 Weekend poll: How many photos are synced to your Google Photos account? 2017/06/04 3:44pm PDTJun 4, 2017 28 Tasker beta v5 brings a fresh Material Design look and a huge list of other changes 2017/06/03 7:27pm PDTJun 3, 2017 12 [Deal Alert] Kick off the weekend with 24 temporarily free and 52 on-sale apps 2017/06/03 6:50pm PDTJun 3, 2017 76 Samsung uploads its Device Maintenance tool to the Play Store 2017/06/03 6:01pm PDTJun 3, 2017 Blast from the Past 60 1 Year Ago Today More Motorola Leaks: 'Style Mod' Replaceable Covers For The Moto X/Z And DROID Come In A Variety Of Materials 2016/06/04 12:27pm PDTJun 4, 2016 40 2 Years Ago Today Chrome Beta v44 Comes With Improvements To 'Native App' And 'Add To Homescreen' Banners, New Push API Features, And More [APK Download] 2015/06/04 5:14pm PDTJun 4, 2015 129 3 Years Ago Today YouTube v5.7 For Android Finally Lets You Select Exact Streaming Quality, As Long As It's 720p Or Lower [APK Download] 2014/06/04 6:16pm PDTJun 4, 2014 3 4 Years Ago Today Google Posts Glass XE6 Factory Image For Your Flashing Pleasure 2013/06/04 8:31pm PDTJun 4, 2013 16 5 Years Ago Today [Update: Pre-Orders Are Live] Sprint Announces The Galaxy S III Available June 21, Pre-Orders Start June 5 - $199 For 16GB, $249 For 32GB 2012/06/04 10:55pm PDTJun 4, 2012 327 6 Years Ago Today [Book Giveaway #2] Looking To Get Into Android Development? We're Giving Away "Hello, Android" To A Lucky Reader 2011/06/04 7:16pm PDTJun 4, 2011 2 7 Years Ago Today HTC EVO 4G OTA Update Comes Out In Time For Launch, Fixes SD Card Problems, Patches Security Issues, But Disables Root - Available Via WiFi As Well 2010/06/04 6:44pm PDTJun 4, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 112 Weekend poll: How many photos are synced to your Google Photos account? 2017/06/04 3:44pm PDTJun 4, 2017 35 It's not just you—there's a widespread Google Home outage 2017/06/04 12:04pm PDTJun 4, 2017 61 Samsung opens up its browser to some non-Samsung devices on the Play Store 2017/06/04 10:30am PDTJun 4, 2017 29 Motorola rolling out Android 7.1.1 to the Moto Z Play 2017/06/04 8:45am PDTJun 4, 2017 18 Boost for Reddit removed from Play Store for alleged promotion of drugs, still not back after a week 2017/06/04 4:25pm PDTJun 4, 2017 Last 7 Days 28 Google Photos v2.16 prepares to upgrade the camera shortcut, suggest photos to archive, and more [APK Teardown + Download] 2017/05/31 11:36pm PDTMay 31, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] Here are 38 temporarily free and 72 on-sale apps, plus both 0.10 Apps of the Week 2017/05/31 2:08pm PDTMay 31, 2017 501 [Update: New details plus Andy Rubin interview] The Essential phone is official, with an edge-to-edge display and the world's smallest 360-degree camera accessory 2017/05/30 7:48am PDTMay 30, 2017 76 Samsung uploads its Device Maintenance tool to the Play Store 2017/06/03 6:01pm PDTJun 3, 2017 24 Plex Live TV is now available for all Plex Pass subscribers, tuner required 2017/06/01 6:00am PDTJun 1, 2017 Last 30 Days 78 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 88 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 28 Google Photos v2.16 prepares to upgrade the camera shortcut, suggest photos to archive, and more [APK Teardown + Download] 2017/05/31 11:36pm PDTMay 31, 2017 94 The Play Store adopts new app and notification icons with v7.8.16 [APK Download] 2017/05/10 6:25pm PDTMay 10, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Advertise | Contact 117 queries | 0.413s | nexus2 Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
Digital Trends Home > Web > Vietnam says Google will help remove… Vietnam says Google will help remove "toxic" content from platform By Lulu Chang — Updated May 28, 2017 2:38 pm Share Don't Fall Behind Stay current with a recap of today's Tech News from Digital Trends Get today's popular Digital Trends articles in your inbox: Why it matters to you The Vietnamese government claims that the search giant will be assisting in its efforts to remove anti-government content from its platform. Google is said to be helping Vietnam censor its platform. On Friday, the country’s government revealed that the search giant’s parent company, Alphabet, will be cooperating with Vietnam to remove so-called “toxic” and illegal information. The nation has previously borne criticism for its treatment of dissidents and anti-government personalities, having arrested many who have spoken out against the communist regime. The Southeast Asian regime raised concerns about “offensive” content on Facebook and YouTube (the Google-owned video platform) back in February, and persuaded Vietnamese companies to hold onto their advertising budgets until the American firms were able to address government issues. And now, it seems as though at least one company has made those adjustments. During a meeting with Vietnamese Prime Minister Nguyen Xuan Phuc in Hanoi on Friday, Alphabet Chairman Eric Schmidt assured Vietnam’s officials that the company would work closely alongside the administration to uphold the country’s laws. “Mr. Eric Schmidt said (he) will tightly cooperate with Vietnam to remove toxic information violating Vietnamese laws and will consider opening a representative office in the country,” the Vietnamese government said in a statement on its website. However, Google has its separate account of these discussions, with spokesman Taj Meadows telling Reuters, “We have clear policies for removal requests from governments around the world, and those policies have not changed.” He continued, “We rely on governments to notify us of content that they believe is illegal through official processes, and where appropriate, will restrict it after a thorough review.” The prime minister was not the only person with whom Schmidt met during his visit to Vietnam. In fact, Schmidt held an audience with Vietnamese singer and activist Mai Khoi, who told Reuters, “I told Eric about Vietnam’s internet censorship issue and he said he knew about it and would try to improve internet freedom here in a delicate way.”
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us ... Google is now offering four free months of Google Play Music for new subscribers Ryne Hager Follow View All Posts 2017/05/26 2:17pm PDTMay 26, 2017 82 Plus 1 on G+ 614 Share on Facebook 102 Share on Twitter Total Shares798 Google News Right now it looks like Google is running a special offer for Google Play Music. New subscribers that sign up here can get four free months of service instead of the usual three. No telling how long this offer might last, so if you have been considering subscribing, now might be the time to do it. It could save you an extra $10. Again, this particular offer is only for new subscribers. I've been a fan of Play Music for a long time, though the device removal limit does get in the way when you switch between devices and ROMs as often as I do. Being able to mix your own library with those of a service also comes in handy. That way I can continue to support artists I am passionate about, without eschewing the larger selection of a subscription offering for the purposes of content discovery, all while being able to fill the gaps in that library. There are a lot of different music services out there, but if you're interested combining your curated library with music available via a subscription, then your options are limited. Spotify does allow you to play back locally stored files, which is convenient, but it isn't quite the same. Amazon also allows you to upload your music for playback via Amazon Music, and with Amazon Prime membership, you get a small library of streaming music to go along with that. For $10 a month ($8 for Prime members) you can access their full library as well. But, Google Play Music has a great interface and plugs nicely into all the other Google services we love. Maybe with this new offer, it's time you gave Google Play Music a chance? After all, even if it doesn't end up working out, you still got four free months of music out of the deal. Source: Google Play Music Tags google play music play music promo special offer subscription subscription music subscribe ... Previous Story OnePlus starts a referral program just in time for the OnePlus 5 ... Next Story [Update: Now $75 Off] Deal Alert: Pixel 32GB (international version) is $50 off on eBay Trending 78 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 88 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 Comments Ailín Ó’S Tried the code in Ireland, Britain and Greece and it works, glad to see it works in Europe too! Carson Saldanha Wait, wdym 3 different countries? Did you share it with others or something? Ailín Ó’S I live in Ireland, so that's my main account. I have a secondary account based in England as part of a mail forwarder service I use, and my bf is Greek so I had him check the code on his account :) Carson Saldanha Oh wow! Carson Saldanha Hey, since I know it worked for you, are you able to use YouTube Red along with this Play Music free trial? Because my YT Red doesn't seem to be enabled for me. Ailín Ó’S No, unfortunately not as I live in the EU and YouTube Red is only available in USA. Carson Saldanha Weird, I'm in the US though. Ailín Ó’S Ooh that is odd. Sign out of the app then sign back in maybe? Carson Saldanha No luck :( I'm in contact with Google support atm Hopefully they can sort this out Mike Worth it alone for Youtube Red MisterAlex Sweet, I wasn't sure if that was included. Thanks. Should mention that in the main blog post. Ben Still no student membership >:( Ailín Ó’S Spotify is a great alternative @€$£5/month. Ben I know that's what I use just because it's half the price. Ailín Ó’S In Ireland Vodafone have a partnership with Spotify whereby it costs €5 standard instead of €10 regardless of if you're a student or not, they even bundle it with some of their plans. Vodafone do the same in some other countries they operate in (not all). Maybe see if any network in your country has a partnership like that? Worth a shot! Ben Oh yeah I'm on EE in the UK and I've got Apple Music for free for 6 months but like iTunes is a massive stinking turd. Ailín Ó’S I'd rather go back to the days of getting music via Bluetooth from friends than use crApple Music 😂😂 Rahul Krishna In india, we have play music for 1.4 usd/month Umang Ladia I'm only seeing 2 months offer in India.?? Rahul Krishna Well I subscribed to it when it launched here (about 2 months ago), so I can't confirm that. But at this price, there is nothing to be disappointed about. aRvInD I wish Spotify launches soon here. I can't keep using that patched version here...!! Rahul Krishna Me too xyz As it should be, you can't charge European or American prices in India. Rahul Krishna Yes true. There are lots​ of people here with a very cheap Android phone. They cannot pay much money. Julian Coronado That's actually what's keeping me away from Play Music. I've used my free months and I loved the Youtube Red too. But as a student, Spotify for $5 / month is too great to pass up on. Emiliejmosley Google is paying 97$ per hour! Work for few hours & have longer with friends and family! !sm141c: On tuesday I got a great new Land Rover Range Rover from having earned $8752 this last four weeks.. Its the most-financialy rewarding I've had.. Follow this link for more information !sm141c: ➽➽ ➽➽;➽➽ http://GoogleFinancialCashJobs431ShopRichGetPaid$97/Hour... ★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫::::::!sm141c:....,..... Cakefish Spotify ftw ToniCipriani ✓pǝᴉɟᴉɹǝʌ I don't think this is a new offer, got this a while back. In fact my 4 months is expiring next week. Prefer Spotify over it. Song selection a tad bit weaker, and for foreign songs it tries to translate the song names to English and makes it hard to look up. folkrav I like it, it's way cheaper than Spotify for me - my mother, my sister, my wife and myself each pay 30$ a year and we're set - but Jesus do I hate the clients. I don't like the website's interface, I hate the Android app. But yeah, I'll deal with it cause it's cheap, I guess. Carson Saldanha Got it! Yay! Jim I wish I could somehow get it on my Amazon Echo hahaha. I guess if I had paid for a Google Home it would be worth trying out. Forget vega #getEVGA Why google play music isn't available in my country ? Ailín Ó’S Try Apple Music? They seem to be just about everywhere. Iamsecond And this is why Apple continue to dominate, because Apple are truly interested in being an international company whereas Google is just playing at it. Such a shame xyz Because Google sucks. Bartek Juszczak My GPM radio's are so good these days I love that Google is so into AI. Whether It's just "I'm being lucky" or radio from a specific song, band or album they very rarely disappoint me these days. I just make sure to thumbs up if it plays a song I particularly love. I am a student and could go cheaper with spotify but the AI generated playlists have me locked in. If it's £5 cheaper but I'm not gonna enjoy it nearly as much then it's not really a good deal. AndTheWorldMayNeverKnow I used the 3 or 4 months free trial during the holidays then bought the family plan for $14.99 a month. 4 people in my family us it and it works great, the app could use some tweaks but it's really good overall. paev If you listen to main stream music it doesn't really matter what service to use. However, if you like something unusual, weird or other languages then Google is a way to go. I found bands on Google music that Spotify displayed as not found. Google also have new synth bands that Spotify doesn't. I'm for Google too. Daniel I discovered that GPM is kinda like a music label. I once went to a section of Google play explaining how indie artists can use GPM like a music label as long as they own all their rights. Ryne Hager Ultraista (among others) keeps me using Google Play Music as well as Spotify. Carson Saldanha Does anyone else who activated the Play Music trial have YouTube Red working as well? My YT Red doesn't seem to be enabled while my Play Music is. Michael Carr I spotted a similar offer a couple of months ago, and I took it after a day or two's thought. Just last week, I moved directly into a family plan. PewPewYoureDead It's hard to recommend Google Play Music until they revamp the UI. Margaritas Ante Porcos Google Music is the only choice in some markets, like Russia, where no Spotify or Pandora are available. There are too many shortcomings in Google Music and Google never shows interest in making services better than below average. I really wonder why Google refuses to become the best at anything. Real magic here. Pixel syndrome all the way. Yet Google Music is on my phone and I use it because there's no choice whatsoever. Rob You answered your own question. If there's no alternative, then they don't have any incentive to improve the service. SupahNin10doh Stupid Dorito logo... Raymond Berger Huh, I just subscribed to the trial but you youtube red hasn't kicked in yet. Any idea how long it takes? Iamsecond If you live in the UK, about 2 years so far h20ray Google Play Music is currently available in select territories and for select account types. Umang Ladia I'm only seeing 2 months offer in India, anybody can confirm? Mohammad Ovais Yeah, same for me. Maybe it's region limited. Isolde I think you need to open the link in a browser, if you open it in the app it's just the normal 2 months. bligui Confirmed need to open it from link and it works Manoj | Blogging Triggers Is Google Music really worth to it? We have better alternatives Sathiya Moorthy Karan I came across a great post, it seems to be so cool http://developeit.net/android-news-image-scanner-finder/ Zachariah Mann It only shows up as 2 free months for me. I live in Michigan. https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/a19b7e9dddb67bf897c751aedf63c01917048214140db901fd783b2182d8d5c0.png Jefferson Rodrigues https://play.google.com/music/listen?coupon=120DFREE&coupontype=vanity#/sulp Zachariah Mann That link still brought me to the same page on the Play Music App which offers 2 months free. Does it matter if I'm opening it on a computer or web page? Jefferson Rodrigues I don't know. Mikael Jakobsson Should mabye joine premium at Google Music if that coste like $2 max a month dont understand why they should take as mutch as someone some has app or Win32 software to PC so music controllers one they keyboards works. Tab out frome a game for pause music when the round is over is just bad. Arif Gürü And stil isnt available on Turkey xyz "No telling how long this offer might last, so if you have been considering subscribing, now might be the time to do it." No thanks, I'll just use YouTube. Only thing YT needs is an option to play audio only so I can save a wee bit more data when I don't need video. Cai Copley Nope. If it wasn't for the fact work pays for Spotify Premium and the fact Spotify has Crossfade to emulate a DJ system, maybe I'd give it a whirl. bligui Not working any more to bad Follow Android Police 1.49M 472k 145k 119k Latest Deals 9 [Deal Alert] Chromecast Ultra is $59.99 ($10 off) at Google Store, Best Buy, B&H and others 2017/06/04 12:16pm PDTJun 4, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] Google Home is $109 ($20 off) at Best Buy, Google Store, B&H, and others 2017/06/04 10:07am PDTJun 4, 2017 12 [Deal Alert] Kick off the weekend with 24 temporarily free and 52 on-sale apps 2017/06/03 6:50pm PDTJun 3, 2017 18 [Deal Alert] Get a Nextbit Robin for $129.99 on eBay 2017/06/03 9:39am PDTJun 3, 2017 33 [Deal Alert] A Stork's Journey is currently free on Google Play Movies & TV 2017/06/01 10:50pm PDTJun 1, 2017 Latest Poll How many photos are on your Google Photos account? Under 100 100-999 1,000-2,499 2,500-4,999 5,000-9,999 10,000-19,999 20,000-39,999 More than 40,000. View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 67 Asus ZenFone 3 Zoom review: A promising phone that falls victim to bad software and cut corners 2017/05/31 2:21pm PDTMay 31, 2017 113 AOSPA (Paranoid Android) review: back from the dead, and we're thrilled 2017/05/31 9:47am PDTMay 31, 2017 29 Tag Heuer Connected Modular 45 review: It seems like $1,500 should get you more 2017/05/29 9:57am PDTMay 29, 2017 74 [Update, G+ Post] Francisco Franco makes his productivity timer 5217 free to try 2017/05/16 10:01am PDTMay 16, 2017 290 HTC U11 hands-on: HTC gets a little closer to the mark 2017/05/16 12:02am PDTMay 16, 2017 Latest Roundups 13 29 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/24/17 - 5/31/17) 2017/05/31 10:20am PDTMay 31, 2017 8 10 new and notable Android apps from the last week (5/23/17 - 5/29/17) 2017/05/29 12:49pm PDTMay 29, 2017 13 31 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/17/17 - 5/23/17) 2017/05/23 3:06pm PDTMay 23, 2017 16 12 new and notable Android apps and live wallpapers from the last week (5/16/17 - 5/22/17) 2017/05/22 12:48pm PDTMay 22, 2017 16 29 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/10/17 - 5/16/17) 2017/05/16 4:22pm PDTMay 16, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 18 Boost for Reddit removed from Play Store for alleged promotion of drugs, still not back after a week 2017/06/04 4:25pm PDTJun 4, 2017 112 Weekend poll: How many photos are synced to your Google Photos account? 2017/06/04 3:44pm PDTJun 4, 2017 28 Tasker beta v5 brings a fresh Material Design look and a huge list of other changes 2017/06/03 7:27pm PDTJun 3, 2017 12 [Deal Alert] Kick off the weekend with 24 temporarily free and 52 on-sale apps 2017/06/03 6:50pm PDTJun 3, 2017 76 Samsung uploads its Device Maintenance tool to the Play Store 2017/06/03 6:01pm PDTJun 3, 2017 Blast from the Past 60 1 Year Ago Today More Motorola Leaks: 'Style Mod' Replaceable Covers For The Moto X/Z And DROID Come In A Variety Of Materials 2016/06/04 12:27pm PDTJun 4, 2016 40 2 Years Ago Today Chrome Beta v44 Comes With Improvements To 'Native App' And 'Add To Homescreen' Banners, New Push API Features, And More [APK Download] 2015/06/04 5:14pm PDTJun 4, 2015 129 3 Years Ago Today YouTube v5.7 For Android Finally Lets You Select Exact Streaming Quality, As Long As It's 720p Or Lower [APK Download] 2014/06/04 6:16pm PDTJun 4, 2014 3 4 Years Ago Today Google Posts Glass XE6 Factory Image For Your Flashing Pleasure 2013/06/04 8:31pm PDTJun 4, 2013 16 5 Years Ago Today [Update: Pre-Orders Are Live] Sprint Announces The Galaxy S III Available June 21, Pre-Orders Start June 5 - $199 For 16GB, $249 For 32GB 2012/06/04 10:55pm PDTJun 4, 2012 327 6 Years Ago Today [Book Giveaway #2] Looking To Get Into Android Development? We're Giving Away "Hello, Android" To A Lucky Reader 2011/06/04 7:16pm PDTJun 4, 2011 2 7 Years Ago Today HTC EVO 4G OTA Update Comes Out In Time For Launch, Fixes SD Card Problems, Patches Security Issues, But Disables Root - Available Via WiFi As Well 2010/06/04 6:44pm PDTJun 4, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 112 Weekend poll: How many photos are synced to your Google Photos account? 2017/06/04 3:44pm PDTJun 4, 2017 35 It's not just you—there's a widespread Google Home outage 2017/06/04 12:04pm PDTJun 4, 2017 61 Samsung opens up its browser to some non-Samsung devices on the Play Store 2017/06/04 10:30am PDTJun 4, 2017 29 Motorola rolling out Android 7.1.1 to the Moto Z Play 2017/06/04 8:45am PDTJun 4, 2017 18 Boost for Reddit removed from Play Store for alleged promotion of drugs, still not back after a week 2017/06/04 4:25pm PDTJun 4, 2017 Last 7 Days 28 Google Photos v2.16 prepares to upgrade the camera shortcut, suggest photos to archive, and more [APK Teardown + Download] 2017/05/31 11:36pm PDTMay 31, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] Here are 38 temporarily free and 72 on-sale apps, plus both 0.10 Apps of the Week 2017/05/31 2:08pm PDTMay 31, 2017 501 [Update: New details plus Andy Rubin interview] The Essential phone is official, with an edge-to-edge display and the world's smallest 360-degree camera accessory 2017/05/30 7:48am PDTMay 30, 2017 76 Samsung uploads its Device Maintenance tool to the Play Store 2017/06/03 6:01pm PDTJun 3, 2017 24 Plex Live TV is now available for all Plex Pass subscribers, tuner required 2017/06/01 6:00am PDTJun 1, 2017 Last 30 Days 78 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 88 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 28 Google Photos v2.16 prepares to upgrade the camera shortcut, suggest photos to archive, and more [APK Teardown + Download] 2017/05/31 11:36pm PDTMay 31, 2017 94 The Play Store adopts new app and notification icons with v7.8.16 [APK Download] 2017/05/10 6:25pm PDTMay 10, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Advertise | Contact 117 queries | 0.313s | forge Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Hello Latest Stock Picks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 251% 71% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 117% 59% Income Investor Dividend stocks 47% 43% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 65% 56% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 50% 32% Returns as of 6/4/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks | IRAs | Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s | 30s | 40s | 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I Reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2017 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Best Small Business Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Our Mission: Helping the World Invest — Better Founded in 1993 by brothers Tom and David Gardner, The Motley Fool helps millions of people attain financial freedom through our website, podcasts, books, newspaper column, radio show, and premium investing services. Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 251% 71% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 117% 59% Income Investor Dividend stocks 47% 43% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 65% 56% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 50% 32% Returns as of 6/4/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks IRAs Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s Retirement Guide: 30s Retirement Guide: 40s Retirement Guide: 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2016 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Best Small Business Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Community Login Search Search: Is Management Really to Blame for IBM's Woes? Investors could be blaming the wrong CEO for IBM’s current problems. Leo Sun (TMFSunLion) May 27, 2017 at 2:00PM Back in March, I discussed five reasons that IBM (NYSE:IBM) could benefit from a change in management. I noted that its revenue declines wouldn't end anytime soon, that the growth of its key "strategic imperatives" was slowing down, that it remained an underdog in the cloud race, that it was too dependent on outsourcing, and that it wasn't being upfront about its layoffs. While those are still valid points, we should acknowledge that Ginni Rometty was dealt a tough hand when she became the company's ninth CEO in 2012. So today, we'll examine some of Rometty's biggest moves, and whether or not they actually moved IBM in the right direction. IBM CEO Ginni Rometty. Image source: IBM. Paying for Palmisano's mistakes Former CEO Sam Palmisano -- who led IBM from 2002 to 2011 -- arguably set the company on the wrong path in 2010, when he boldly promised to double its annual earnings per share from $10.01 in 2009 to $20 by 2015. That proclamation was so impressive that Warren Buffett, who famously avoided tech stocks, made it one of Berkshire Hathaway's top holdings. The problem was that Palmisano's "Roadmap 2015" plan mainly consisted of selling big business units (like its PC business, which it sold to Lenovo in 2004), aggressively cutting costs, and repurchasing stock. That conservative strategy boosted IBM's earnings but caused it to fall behind the tech curve as rival companies -- like Amazon (NASDAQ:AMZN), Microsoft (NASDAQ:MSFT), and Alphabet's (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL) Google -- invested heavily in cloud-based platforms. Abandoning Roadmap 2015 When Rometty took over, she initially followed Palmisano's playbook by cutting costs, laying off employees, and dumping lower-margin business units. The company even paid GlobalFoundries $1.5 billion to take over its money-losing chipmaking business, and its debt levels surged as it funded more buybacks with debt. But in late 2014, Rometty wisely abandoned Palmisano's $20 per share target. This decision finally gave Rometty the freedom to pursue more acquisitions in the higher-growth cloud and mobility markets. Laying down the foundations of its "strategic imperatives" Even before she scrapped Roadmap 2015, Rometty realized that IBM had fallen far behind Amazon, Microsoft, and Google in public cloud platforms -- which lend out storage space, computing power, and development tools to companies and developers. That's why Rometty had IBM acquire cloud infrastructure giant SoftLayer Technologies for $2 billion in 2013. She followed that purchase with dozens of other takeovers of businesses in the cloud, analytics, mobility, security, and social industries -- the five pillars of growth which became IBM's "strategic imperatives". Revenue from those businesses rose 12% annually last quarter and accounted for 42% of IBM's top line over the past 12 months. Without Rometty's guidance, this new category of higher-growth businesses might not even exist. Investing in next-gen technologies Rometty also created dedicated business units for next-gen technologies. In 2014, IBM created a new unit for its AI platform Watson, which may help it counter similar AI efforts at Amazon's AWS, Microsoft's Azure, and Google's Cloud Machine Learning Service. The following year, IBM launched dedicated units for the Internet of Things (IoT) and Education markets -- which expanded its big data and analytics reach into both industries. It also launched Watson Health, a dedicated unit for gathering and analyzing healthcare records from millions of devices. The company is also currently expanding its presence in the cybersecurity, quantum computing, and blockchain markets -- which could widen its moat against its biggest rivals. Halting the buybacks After abandoning Palmisano's plan, Rometty finally weaned IBM off its addiction to debt-fueled buybacks, as seen in the following chart: Source: YCharts This bold move caused IBM's annual earnings to drop 10% in 2015 and 9% in 2016, but those declines were arguably necessary to allow the pursuit of other investments and acquisitions. Looking ahead, analysts expect IBM's cost-cutting plans, stabilizing (albeit stagnant) revenues, and investments in higher-margin businesses to lift its earnings by 1% this year and 2% next year. So should investors blame the management? Shares of IBM have declined 8% this year, while the S&P 500 has gained 8%. The reasons are easy to see -- the company's revenue has fallen annually for 20 straight quarters, Warren Buffett sold about 30% of Berkshire's stake in February, and Moody's downgraded its credit rating in early May. Amid all those negative headlines, it's easy to blame IBM's management for its current woes. However, it makes more sense to blame former CEO Sam Palmisano for most of those problems. Rometty initially waited too long to abandon Palmisano's quixotic plan, but her moves over the past three years indicate that she knows how to turn around the aging company. Therefore, investors should keep those facts in mind before assuming that IBM would fare better under new management.   Suzanne Frey, an executive at Alphabet, is a member of The Motley Fool's board of directors. Teresa Kersten is an employee of LinkedIn and is a member of The Motley Fool's board of directors. LinkedIn is owned by Microsoft. Leo Sun owns shares of Amazon. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Alphabet (A shares), Alphabet (C shares), Amazon, BRK-B, and MCO. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Leo Sun (TMFSunLion) Leo is a Tech and Consumer Goods Specialist who has covered the crossroads of Wall Street and Silicon Valley since 2012. His wheelhouse includes cloud, IoT, analytics, telecom, and gaming related businesses. Follow him on Twitter for more updates! Follow @TMFSunLion Article Info May 27, 2017 at 2:00PM Technology and Telecom Stocks Microsoft NASDAQ:MSFT $71.76 up $1.66 (2.37%) Alphabet (A shares) NASDAQ:GOOGL $996.12 up $7.83 (0.79%) IBM NYSE:IBM $152.05 down $0.62 (-0.41%) Amazon NASDAQ:AMZN $1,006.73 up $10.78 (1.08%) Alphabet (C shares) NASDAQ:GOOG $975.60 up $8.65 (0.89%) Read More Better Buy: International Business Machines Corporation vs. Coca-Cola Now’s the Time to Buy These Hated Tech Stocks Like Dividends? I Bet You'll Love These 3 Stocks Will IBM Ever Break Its Streak of Shrinking Revenue? Better Buy: Cisco Systems, Inc. vs. IBM Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Current Is Management Really to Blame for IBM's Woes? @themotleyfool #stocks $MSFT, $GOOGL, $IBM, $AMZN, $GOOG
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Try Yahoo Finance on Firefox » Yahoo Search Search Sign in Finance Home Originals Events Personal Finance Technology Markets Industries My Screeners My Portfolio U.S. Markets open in 8 hrs 8 mins S&P 500 2,439.07 +9.01 (+0.37%) Dow 30 21,206.29 +62.11 (+0.29%) Google co-founder Sergey Brin is reportedly building a gigantic $100 million blimp Matt Rosoff CNBC May 26, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Share David Paul Morris | Bloomberg | Getty Images. Google co-founder Sergey Brin is spending between $100 million and $150 million to build an enormous blimp, The Guardian reports.More Google co-founder Sergey Brin is spending $100 million to $150 million to build a blimp that will be the world's biggest aircraft when it's finished, according to The Guardian. The blimp, as first reported by Bloomberg, is under construction at a giant hangar in the NASA Ames airfield near Google headquarters in Mountain View, California. Google signed a 60-year lease for $1.1 billion in 2014, through a subsidiary called Planetary Ventures, and is working with engineer Alan Weston, who is employed by a company known as LTA ("lighter than air") Research and Exploration. The company, controlled by Brin's family, was listed in Google's 2017 proxy as a lessor of part of the Ames hangar. The blimp will be almost 656 feet (200 meters) long, The Guardian reports, and will go on humanitarian missions to remote locations as well as serving as an "air yacht" for Brin and his family. Read the full Guardian report here. More From CNBC Bitcoin is outperforming major assets but hedge funds are still staying away Lyft ditches pink mustache ornament in favor of a useful piece of hardware Bitcoin correction sees nearly $4 billion wiped off value of the cryptocurrency Reblog Share Tweet Share Recently Viewed Your list is empty. What to Read Next 'I sit back and wait for them to fire me': A former Googler explains the secret to success over 15 years at the company Business Insider Osteens Finally Clear Up The Controversial Rumors TheBlaze.comSponsored Microsoft Will Pay You to Use Bing Instead of Google Fortune Oath Keepers militia will attend Portland 'free speech' rally, says leader The Guardian London attack: PM's condemnation of tech firms criticised BBC News Top 8 Credit Cards If You Have Excellent Credit CompareCards.comSponsored Apple WWDC 2017: How to watch live stream and what to expect International Business Times In San Francisco, $160,000 gets you a storage locker Yahoo Finance CNN host calls Trump a 'piece of s---' over response to London attack Business Insider This Technology Will Be Bigger Than the Internet The Sovereign InvestorSponsored Married couples have 81 ways to claim Social Security. Here's how to maximize your benefits CNBC 22 Large Retailers Besides J.C. Penney Are Closing Waves of Stores The Street What to watch in the markets in the week ahead Yahoo Finance Video Buy “Penny Defense Stocks” Before June 30? Casey ResearchSponsored Gmail 'Smart Reply' feature is a reminder Google scans your email Yahoo Finance US embassy in London directly contradicts Trump's Twitter attack on London's mayor Business Insider J.K. Rowling’s powerful responses to the London terrorist attacks remind us why she’s the queen of Twitter john: Get out on the streets and leave your bodyguards behind. I sure you will be safe. Join the Conversation 1 / 5 1.3k
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us ... Resold Pixel phones originally purchased from Project Fi are having their IMEIs blacklisted Richard Gao Follow View All Posts 2017/05/25 5:30am PDTMay 25, 2017 59 Plus 1 on G+ 150 Share on Facebook 58 Share on Twitter Total Shares267 Google News Pixel Pixel XL Project Fi Back in November, when the Pixel was slowly beginning to ship to customers, there were numerous reports of people getting their Google accounts banned for purchasing Pixel and Pixel XL devices with the intent to resell them. It turns out that this issue hasn't exactly been laid to rest, as it seems that Pixel phones purchased from Project Fi for this purpose are now getting blacklisted via their IMEI numbers. As an overview, people originally bought Pixels from both the Google Store and Project Fi to sell them to a New Hampshire-based reseller. Why New Hampshire, you may ask? There's no sales tax. Both parties here were supposed to make a profit, but Google ended up banning a ton of accounts for a violation of their terms of service.. Considering how important Google is in our lives (Gmail, Google Photos, YouTube, Play Store, etc.), a lot of people were obviously not happy. In the end, Google did restore many of these accounts, but it was obviously enough for a good scare. However, it seems that Google still hasn't completely forgiven people for violating their ToS. Kyle Bennett, the editor-in-chief and founder of the HardOCP website, had his Pixel XL's IMEI blacklisted just yesterday. IMEIs are typically blacklisted by carriers when phones are lost or stolen, but that's clearly not what happened here. Calling T-Mobile didn't do anything, as their staff told him that they could not reverse the blacklisting. His communication with Swappa support was more interesting, though; here's what they told him: "Sorry to hear of the complaints. We have seen a great number of Pixel devices becoming blacklisted the past two days. We are still trying to figure out why this has happened to so many devices. We are working to find out the cause of this widespread issue. It would be best for both of you to keep on top of Google and pressing them for an explanation. In one other case, I saw this morning Google agreed to send the buyer a replacement device so that might be an option to look into. Seller please work with the buyer and Google to see if they can get to the bottom of it." Kyle then contacted Google support, with the first representative claiming that he had simply received a spam message. When he showed a second rep how his IMEI had indeed been blacklisted via Swappa's ESN/IMEI checker (useful tool if you're buying a phone, by the way), he was told that his Pixel XL hadn't been reported as stolen, but that it had been originally purchased through Project Fi. Kyle was also once again told that his phone hadn't really been blacklisted, but a quick rescan of his IMEI in Swappa proved otherwise. His case was escalated to Project Fi's support team, but the customer service rep refused to give him a reference number and told him that he'd receive it via email. After contacting a third representative, Kyle was informed that his phone had indeed been blacklisted, but that Google wasn't responsible for doing so. This lends further credence to the Project Fi explanation, as it's the carrier and not the manufacturer that has the ability to blacklist devices. The situation is still ongoing, but that's all we know for now; we'll update with more information as we get it. Source: HardOCP (1), (2) Via: TechSpot Tags blacklisting Google IMEI pixel xl project fi reselling subscribe ... Previous Story SoftBank's ambitious investment strategy continues with $4 billion stake in Nvidia ... Next Story [Deal Alert] LG's Tone Studio 'personal speaker' headphones are just $157 at Amazon ($73 off) Trending 78 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 88 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 Comments Green Dog So basically you can't resell Project Fi phones. Okay. NeverrKnowsBest You can sell a Project Fi phone. You just buy them in bulk and try to make a profit off Project Fi. Stupid that the customer is being punished for this, though. Green Dog Is it clear that this is one of the phones that was bought in bulk from that retailer? From my reading, it was just a resold phone. I mean obviously, it's not happening to all phones, but the fact that it's still happening is a concern. NeverrKnowsBest The IMEIs are being linked to one particular reseller in New Hampshire. celestre Do you have more information than is present in the article on this? NeverrKnowsBest I'm just going off what the article said. I would love to read more, but I highly doubt they are just flipping the switch on every resold Project Fi phone. That just isn't very plausible, at least to my knowledge. datkidpatrick you misunderstood the article... they referenced a time where a bulk reseller's phones were black listed... but now it is happening to a bunch of random sellers that decided to sell the phone... Richard Gao The bulk reseller's phones weren't blacklisted at that time. It is entirely possible that these are the same phones. datkidpatrick i purchased mine straight from project fi... sold it 3 months ago and the seller told me the other day it was blacklisted... and yes my mistake.. the bulk resellers email's were blocked or something like that... Cael Did you pay off the phone before you sold it? datkidpatrick yes i did... Corey Kinard So they're punishing someone that fully paid for a device from you, who fully owned the device? They're legally allowed to just fully break something they've already sold and have no right to? This is worse than when carriers wouldn't unlock phones... datkidpatrick im still giving google the benefit of doubt that it was a mistake... they just need to fix it PixelXLellence ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ ᵀʳᵘᵐᵖ You'll easily win in small claims court if you have to refund and take the phone back. PixelXLellence ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ ᵀʳᵘᵐᵖ What kind of financing plan did you have? They were first sold in Oct. 22 2016 and this is only May 2017. I seem to remember 24 month financing or 12 month financing. You paid your phone off three months ago and already had sold it on Swappa for some time? datkidpatrick ya youre allowed to pay it off early... PixelXLellence ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ ᵀʳᵘᵐᵖ Maybe that's what caused the error at Fi in blacklisting by accident. datkidpatrick ya that doesn't make any sense... but it got fixed this morning by google... NeverrKnowsBest I see that now. Thanks for the clarification. In any case, there has to be something in common with these blacklisted phones, I don't think Google/Project Fi would blacklist all second hand phones, I don't think that's very plausible. Corey Kinard Do you really need to think straight when you are in competition for largest company in the world? They probably got algorithms looking for shit and those algorithms mess up. 4Ui812 That's pretty shitty Google. David Bowline Is it really? What's shitty is the people buying in bulk just to make an easy buck and therefore screwing people over. Swappa needs to go after these people. jonzey231 Yeah but if I bought a Pixel LAST YEAR and wanted to sell it no in preparation for the next Pixel or the OP5, for example, my customer may get screwed even though it was just an innocent buy and resell. Max Uh? That's not what happened here... so far this situation seems to be the result of a reseller elaborate plan to evade tax and sell the scarce phone for a bigger profit. This wasn't an individual reselling his/her own phone. jonzey231 Uh? I know that it was originally caused by the douche bags in NJ, but now it's affecting regular people. David Bowline No they won't. I'll bet you can call Google and set it up at the time. Use your noggin and quit jumping to conclusions before the fact. jonzey231 But you saying that is also jumping to conclusions, just on the other side of the argument. If you want to argue me, call Google and play it out. Report your findings here. Otherwise, your words mean no more or less than mine. 4Ui812 That's called capitalism. No one is forcing you to buy it. What Google needs to do is fix all the reported issues with that shitty phone. As for the limited supply of said phone , again that's Google's fault (hell , I wouldn't be surprised if Google intentionally limted the supply ... That's a play out of nintys handbook) Duder12 I have a pixel. There is nothing wrong with my phone. I love it. SirCanealot But I have a Pixel and it is broken. Surely this is not possible to exist in reality? :O :O :O David Bowline If Google is selling phones to a specific customer, who then turns around and sells them en masse, how is Google to know what was sold legally and what was stolen? Google has every right to blacklist those phones. Nobody forced anyone to buy a phone from some jerk on swappa. Its the responsibility of the middle man seller to take care of the problem, not Google. This isn't rocket science here. 4Ui812 You're right , it's not rocket science. If the phone is reported as stolen then it's ok to black list the IMEI. This story makes no mention of phones being stolen. Therefore like I said.... That's pretty shitty Google. A Person It may suck, but who is to decide how my money is spent? kbbl Caveat emptor. SeanPR11 Or.... don't buy your phone from a New Jersey Douchebag. If people don't buy from them, they will stop doing this bullshit. It sucks that regular people are caught in the middle (which happens all too often). It seems Swappa should have known these phones were out there (given the business they are in) and flagged them with the IMEI checker. Alex Excuse them for doing whatever they like with a product they purchased. Pfff David Bowline Then Google can assume that they were stolen and blacklist them. It's not Googles fault here. JFC. SeanPR11 Amen. Ryan from GroupTweet Yes, its shitty. If anything Google should go after the reseller, not the innocent legitimate customers that bought the devices and who are now punished because their phones are blacklisted. Alexander Z Great Swappa can't GO after anyone. Maybe suspend/revoke their account but that's it. My trusted seller hasn't been any help at all with the blacklisted pixel I bought. It's so messed up!! T4rd Saw the site/forum owner of a site I frequent get hit with this on his Pixel this week too. Crazy how the Pixel is being plagued with all sorts of extraneous issues. They can't stay in stock, forcing people to buy second hand, then they get black listed because of some weird policy Google has with Project Fi phones. Max Well being out of stock has nothing strange coming from a Google phone, that's been their main issue for a few years now (Nexus), and it happens even to Apple on launch but the difference is that they're a lot better ramping up production afterwards. This blacklisting is really weird, but so far it seems to be potentially related to a shady reseller so we'll have to wait and see if we get more clarification soon. Geoff Johnson As someone from New Hampshire, it's weird to see my state in an AP article, since nothing interesting ever happens here lol. This sucks though because buyers who bought their Pixel 2nd hand months ago now suddenly might get it blacklisted? J.J. Holy f. That is terrible. So random guy buys a second hand pixel (because Google was out of stock) later gets blacklisted by Google/fi. Gets no help from Google. Never buys a Google phone again. Real smart. Green Dog This on top of the seeming shaky quality of the phones may force me to an iPhone. J.J. I feel ya there but, i just can't do the iPhone thing. Loving this s8+ right now. Duder12 When consumers say this its just sad. Why when you have a difficult time with one android manufacturer immediately think its all Androids and switch to the iPhone? This is how Apple gets tons of customers. Everyone that had a bad time with Samsung just assumed their only other option was iPhone bc MARKETING. Green Dog Because I don't want to have to deal with OS updates through the carrier or a limited phone in terms of LTE bands, as is common for Android phones? People like other phones and I've played with some of them, but I like the Pixel/Nexus lines. But this does give me pause. blenderboy Well, the only offering that competes with iPhone in the world of android is the pixel phone. Samsung displays(hardware in general) are great but software experience can't be compared with iPhone or pixel. It is just sad that they can't keep up with Apple or Google. Google is trying really hard to reach there. I am still using Android because of the platforms openness. Duder12 Fair enough but you know what I mean. You are an exception but A LOT of consumers act this way. Honestly I bought my Pixel through the Google Store last fall and its been solid. I love it. Google needs to sort out the second hand market but these are growing pains. Hardware is still new to them bc the nexus line had help from the OEMs. Now they dont. marcusmarcus2 His comment does not address all Androids. He is only speaking of this one phone. It could be he was between using phones by Google and iPhones and he choose to go with Google's phone. Now with this situation, he decided to go to his second choice. I'm not defending switching to an iPhone over another manufacturer, just pointing out his statement you criticized did not say what you thought it was saying and you were the one to actually apply his statement to all Androids. Just playing the devil's advocate here Alex Because when you pay 7-8-900€ (the price of an iPhone) on an Android phone you expect it to be flawless. And that's normal! However, in real life, regardless if you pay 300 or 800€, Android remains Android, with its notoriously inconsistent battery life, inexplicable wakelocks, unfixed bugs (don't get me stored on the "low priority" bugs with thousands of stars), 2 year updates, etc, etc. tekfr33kn That seems a little dramatic considering that iPhones are far from flawless. You also pay that amount for your average laptop and they aren't flawless. It seems you, or someone else, is holding Android phones to an unrealistic standard. Alex Please don't compare a laptop with an Android phone. It makes absolutely no sense. Isn't it rather that manufacturers (Google being the first of them) increase the prices each year to hallucinating levels with little to no innovation or improvement in user experience. Take the S8 line. Beautiful phones, remarkable design, but a fraction of the cost you pay goes to that crap Bixby that nobody wants tekfr33kn I'll agree with you that Google is artificially raising the price far beyond what it should be but that's basic capitalism and market forces. If the market doesn't want those kinds of prices or can't support it, it won't sell. The issue is that people are actually willing to pay that. iPhones are the primary example. There's about $400 - $500 worth of stuff put in a phone that goes for $800 - $1000 and they still sell like hotcakes. I also agree with you about the S8's and Bixby but again, the market says that the S8 is a hot seller and so Samsung isn't about to change that trend. That kind of makes your argument moot. As for comparing a smartphone to a laptop - if you can't see the comparisons, it's either willful ignorance or you just don't know a thing about electronic devices (specifically smartphones or laptops). In either case, I can't help you with that. The fact is that they share more in common that differences. It's one of the many reasons that development strategies (hardware and software) often translate quite well between them. xyz Uhm, because the phone in question is the overpriced Google phone that is intended to compete with the iPhone and which Google fanboys insist is the greatest Android phone of all time. psychic99 It costs about the same to make a Pixel XL as it does an iphone 7, so why would you expect Google to make less margin than Apple? I will say their ecosystem and support SUCKs compared to Apple, so yeah it should be hundred less because the lifecycle experience of a Pixel will be much worse than Apple and the fact that they artificially end support after 2 years is atrocious. I have 4+ year old Nexus that operate just fine on custom ROMs. And BTW I don't think it is worth it either and happily keep my Nexus 6p for less than 50% the cost. I can't rationalize the price they are asking. Google's support is not consistent. Either they will go over the top to help, or tell you go away you are screwed, There is nothing in the middle, and until you engage them you have no idea if you are going to get help or the hand. Yet another reason they should be hundreds less. Merrill Sampson Just FYI, Google announced at IO a few days ago that they're extending the support cycle on the Pixel from 2 year to 5. marcusmarcus2 Do you have a source for that? https://support.google.com/nexus/answer/4457705?hl=en#nexus_devices Android Version updates: October 2018 Security updates: October 2019 Duder12 Dont forget that apple blocked iPhones that had their fingerprint sensor replaced. Also, dont forget Apple is trying to get a bill banned that will allow consumers to have 3rd parties fix phones. PS: My Pixel is fucking awesome. NexusKoolaid "Dont forget that apple blocked iPhones that had their fingerprint sensor replaced." And this in and of itself was a good thing. With the sensor and the CPU being paired, the sudden appearance of a new sensor having a new signature was deemed to be a security breach. I'm not standing up for Apple here, just calling a spade a spade. And I don't know what information Apple could have shared with 3rd party repair houses (if they were inclined to play nice with them) without compromising security. "PS: My Pixel is fucking awesome." I wish I had one. But they were so hard to get hold of for so long that at this point I'll hang on to my 6P until the Pixel2 is out. psychic99 On Android if you reinstall the O/S or make major modifications they simply invalidate the fingerprint then you have to enter the password manually as a failback. Then you can enrol your fingerprint again. In fact every few days you have to manually enter your pin on N to get into the phone. Sounds like a reasonable method, rather than locking the phone forever. Apple went one step farther. You should go watch youtube... Apple is on a mission to make 3rd party repair a thing of the past. They even specifically make it hard to repair. They want control of the supply chain and dispose of equipment as fast as possible. NexusKoolaid On your first point, there is little control over hardware used to support the platform, so core design decisions are prone to fall back to a software solution. Apple on the other hand has tight control of their hardware and have the option for hardware based solutions, whatever the motivation might be, such as better security or to maintain control of their platform (probably a mix on the two). On your second point, I've read the headlines and seen videos on Youtube (like Louis Rossman). Yeah - their crusade against 3rd party repair sickens me to no small degree. Not just because it would prevent me from seeking out more economical and timely repair of my phone (if I had an iPhone), but because this type of precedent could trickle down to other things I might want to tinker with. Jay Hate to say it but that is the risk people run when you don't buy your devices brand new. J.J. True. But they exasperate said risk artificially for the perceived end goal.... More Profit. The truth is they are doing the exact opposite. This news definitely makes me pause on buying a pixel at all. The Second hand market is real and if i have a bad experience do to Google on a second hand device i will probably not buy new from them when i have the funds. james fuston If you (or the person who sells you a phone) violates the terms of service, you're gonna have a bad time regardless of manufacturer. blenderboy Real question to ask, did Apple ever had similar issue with many devices? hunter2 Probably not since Apple realizes that the perceived strong resale value is a determining factor for many people. Even people who may have never sold a product second hand gain some comfort from the knowledge that they could potentially recoup a lot of their costs if they ever needed to sell. ericshmerick Do the TOS say you can never ever resell the device? Serious question. ekana_stone No the TOS is that you resell as soon as you bought it, so like if you bought from fi cuz it's cheaper and the resold it a little under asking. It's only those phones that were black listed ericshmerick What defines "as soon as?" 5 minutes after purchase? 1 week? 2.8 months? 3 years? marcusmarcus2 Do we have confirmation that it is only those phones that were black listed? Could they have inadvertently black listed other phones from fi? EarlyMon The TOS say that commercial resale is not allowed and lots of them were resold by a private company in a scheme that tried to avoid sales tax. Chris Pretty sure that the Supreme Court just ruled that after you purchase the item the first time that you are allowed to resell it. EarlyMon Commercial resale, not individual resale, is the issue here - a gray market supplier. Look at the number of complaints from people who expected Google support and didn't think that it mattered that they were buying what they thought were the Google version only to find out that they were Verizon models. That's one of the things that the store I referred to evidently did. Who mail orders a Pixel from a New Hampshire store to save the cost of taxes added when we all know what the only outlets are? Santos Chavez It actually does say that isn't allowed, hence why they initially banned several accounts the first time. It was a breach of their TOS, and it still is. It's likely Project Fi saw these phones as stolen and blacklisted them. james fuston "You may only purchase Devices for your personal use. You may not commercially resell any Device, but you may give the Device as a gift." So if you purchase the device and resell it in New (unopened) condition, yeah. Fi could also pretty easily make the case that if you purchased the phone and turned around to sell it before the expiry of the original installment plan that you had purchased it with the intention of reselling. MisterAlex That's still not a commercial sale. If I go to the store, buy a Nintendo Switch, and immediately list it as a brand new Switch on Craigslist, I'm not a commercial seller. I'm still an individual selling something that's fully within my "first sale" rights to sell. james fuston Yeah, that's true if you're reading the second, and only the second, sentence there. The first one pretty clearly states "You may only purchase Devices for your personal use" MisterAlex If you think that reselling a personally owned item goes beyond the bounds of personal use, you're kidding yourself (and so is anyone who thinks that line of thinking would hold water, legally speaking). First Sale is a very broad consumer protection, my friend. Once you buy something of your own, you can do whatever you want with it, including sell it. (Edit: in the States, anyway.) james fuston Yep! Totally fine for you to sell it. Also totally fine for Google to deactivate your phone when you've done something you agreed not to do at the time of purchase. It's then legally on you to prove that they overstepped. MisterAlex You're clearly not parsing what I'm posting. Selling privately owned property is within the bounds of "personal use." james fuston Seeing as Google specifically included a clause about gifting, I'd venture to say they disagree with you. MisterAlex That's fine. Sony also disagreed that it had done anything wrong by removing Other OS. james fuston Cool! So we agree that whether or not you believe Google's terms of service to be legal, it's entirely on the customer to take action after being penalized for a violation of said terms of service. MisterAlex It's always up to the wronged party to seek litigation against a wrongdoer. james fuston In that case, I have no idea why you started commenting on legality when I was discussing terms of service violations. Rather, I would have no idea why if this weren't the comment section. MisterAlex A TOS is not a legally binding agreement. You defended enforcement of a TOS when that enforcement went contrary to law. That's why I brought up the comparison to Sony's PS3 lawsuit (which it lost). james fuston I'm not discussing whether terms of service are legally binding. I'm discussing whether or not the action being described (selling the phone) violates the ToS. It does. MisterAlex And my counter was to point out that putting something in a TOS doesn't make it hunky-dory. In fact, it's quite possible for a TOS to violate law. As I've illustrated. bekifft This is where America is so great. Even if the TOS is unenforceable by law, it is technologically enforceable, obviously. So they do it anyway, and now the onus is on you the little guy to get the multinational corporation to knock it off. Vape John most likely carrier issues the blacklisting... so project fi is the culprit psychic99 More profit? The sell them $150 below market rates. That is not free. I don't know what is actually going on but I would suspect that the original owner did something wrong or unethical. To be honest Google's systems are weird. I ported out my nexus5x and it took them almost 3 months to Bill me for the remainder. So maybe the original person cancelled their card, played games with DPP, activated it for one day and did it again. And again. xyz Fortunately, you can just buy an iPhone and get top notch support. hunter2 So the answer is to buy everything new and toss the old device in the landfill? Kind of sad to see how people just roll over and let over-reaching companies basically decimate the second hand market so they can increase their profits. Jay Never said that and you know it. I said this is the risk you take.. It's as simple as that. trixnkix637 That's the risk you take for not buying from reputable sources. Buying used has risks. Sucks he found out the hard way. jb0nez But the article says it's not Google, it's the carrier who blacklisted. Whatever that means... hunter2 That makes no sense. The carrier technically blocks that IMEI on their network, but only after another carrier submits it to the blacklist. It would be like if you SWATTED somebody and then said "it was the police who came to your house with guns not me". pfmiller On top of that this seems like an abuse of the blacklisting system. The system is intended to discourage theft, not as a means for companies to get revenge on their customers. psychic99 That's not true. Companies have been blacklisting devices for years if tos wasn't met. I have bought 3 phones through fi and they are heavily discounted. Google doesn't do that for free they expect you to activate them on fi for more than one day. Also if you are buying a phone from an individual and not a dealer you are taking a risk straight up. I have had friend have their phones blacklisted when they have bought phones from people and then they turned around and reported them as stolen. Swappa is a marketplace not a arbitrator. They are facilitating a sale. You guys need to know the difference. PayPal is your friend. hunter2 That's dumb. The whole point of cancellation fees is to re-coup the cost of subsidies if you break the contract. By going a different route, the only people who are getting punished are the people buying these phones. psychic99 Lots of people don't pay them and I have seen numerous accounts where friends have bought phones and have told me they got a "deal of a lifetime" to find their devices blacklisted and guess what they were people who never paid off their termination fees or have sold them then reported them stolen. And as an individual you need to take responsibility, if you purchase anything through a private transaction you should ask for poof of sale, do they own it, have it put in writing, etc. That way if the seller does something illegal then you have a remedy. This doesn't derisk anything tho. This is good education for people, to know where responsibility lies and the risks of buying from an individual versus an established dealer. In the case of Swappa, you should buy via Paypal, so there is a remedy. You can chargeback your loss if this happens within 6 months (I have done this will unethical sellers), so they are not being punished they are being inconvenienced. But that is the RISK you take buying from an individual. hunter2 I know you want to see Google as the good guy here, but within these comments there are accounts from people who bought outright, and months later sold their Pixel's and now months after that sale are being contacted by the seller about the device being blacklisted. bekifft I think you're missing his point. It's not about Google being the good or bad guy, it's that buying something third party is inherently risky and he's right, you should ask for a chain of evidence that proves the device is legit. Maybe I'm also just tired of people claiming they can find things so cheap online, when most of it is scams like this, and just devalues the whole market. hunter2 You need to look through these comments. There are people here who bought their phones directly from Fi and after switching carriers their fully paid off phones have been blacklisted. They were the original owners and these phones were never sold. There are also people here who bought phones, used them for months, and sold them after they were fully paid off. These people are saying that the proper they sold the phones to are now coming back and telling them they're blacklisted. bekifft In that case that is indeed disturbing. I am a Fi subscriber though I bought my phone direct from the Google store. Sounds like someone made a big mistake on the back end. Lance Biddle I bought my phone from Project Fi, and it has become blacklisted after changing to another carrier. Google is definitely the bad guy right now IMO pfmiller Just because other companies have been doing it, doesn't mean that it's not an abuse of the system. It's clearly not what the blacklisting system was intended for. Lance Biddle How about when you buy the phone from Project Fi, decide to switch carriers and the phone you outright own becomes black listed. I cannot connect to the Verizon service I'm paying for. And Verizon cannot do anything about. And Google/Project Fi isn't. I've wasted way too much time on the phone trying to get this resolved. They have told me it could be 2-5+ days to get it fixed. WTF!! Never Google again. Never. J.J. I'm sorry. That sucks hard. ProductFRED Considering the original seller probably isn't going to pay people back, all Google did was fuck over a bunch of legitimate customers. iPhone reselling is also a big issue, especially on new releases, but you don't see Apple doing this. J.J. Agree 💯. Most of these customers involved (who probably have had hardware and software issues already on top​ of this) will never buy a pixel again! Cassidy James Blaede Just for the record, the majority of Pixel users likely never have hardware or software issues. I, my mom, and a couple of my friends have Pixels and haven't had any issues. You probably hear about issues on Reddit a lot because the only reason to visit the Pixel subreddit is to complain. 🙃 Jordan L no issues here too. J.J. Not a redditer lol, but many other sites show the issues(as low as they may be) and if you were on the fence about spending that kind of money, these stories alone may sway many Duder12 Yep. Just like iphone touch disease and early shutdowns. Tr3ple Never had those issues. xyz That's true. I personally don't know anyone who has been murdered. Therefore, no one gets murdered. Cassidy James Blaede I'd wager that the majority of people don't get murdered. 😉 Written Description My Pixel XL has performed flawlessly since its purchase and it's my first Android phone after using every iPhone from the first generation on. Google's AI is better, its cloud storage is infinitely better, and I don't see going back to Apple anytime soon. J.J. I'm glad you have not had issues.... Others however have Duder12 Not me. Corey Kinard 3rd Np. Duder12 Mines been great... atl3630 great here too. Cael Apple is not a "carrier". ProductFRED Neither is Google. They just use other carriers' networks. Either way, that isn't justification for what they're doing. Unless they plan on replacing everyone's Pixel (which looks like a hard no), they fucked over a lot of legitimate customers. I buy my devices off of swappa most of the time. Tell me how I would get this fixed if neither the seller nor Google want to take responsibility. marcusmarcus2 Google is an MVNO. Per https://www.lifewire.com/what-is-an-mvno-cell-phone-carrier-578673 "An MVNO is a cell phone carrier (such as a prepaid wireless carrier) that typically does not have its own network infrastructure and licensed radio spectrum" Apple is not even an MVNO carrier. drksilenc fi is a carrier... JD With Fi Google is a Carrier. Mitch Gray This just happened to my fiance's phone. I bought it on swappa for her birthday months ago because Google store didn't have any in stock and this morning it is blacklisted. I'm so furious. I have had every Google phone since the Galaxy Nexus and because of this policy I will never buy another phone of theirs. She is now stranded without a phone and has no way of using it for work at the busiest time of the year for her (she is a teacher and it's graduation week). Who do I contact about this? We shouldn't be punished because someone gamed the system. J.J. I feel so bad for you. I hope you get it resolved. This is an atrocity! J.J. Should definitely hassle fi/Google and let them know if they don't resolve you will never buy and tell everyone you know not to buy and so on jibust No, stop don't tell them that, they might not withstand the shock of loosing them. /S T4rd I would contact the seller of the phone and/or Swappa if they're the service you went through. If they're no help somehow, then contact Paypal if that's how you paid for it. Google isn't going to unblacklist the phone regardless of what you say to them. It's virtually impossible for a phone to be unblacklisted once it has happened, so you're going to have to just get a refund and buy another phone. A Person Good luck with that. I am hesitant to ever buy again from Swappa.. and I used to love, love, love them. I purchased a device that was blatantly not as described. I then contacted Swappa and they instructed me that it is now between me and the seller. So I contacted the seller via the sale page and was basically told: "ummmm, nah". datkidpatrick at that point you could have went thru paypal and filed a claim... T4rd That's why you buy from reputable sellers. The few minor issues I've had on there were resolved quickly. atl3630 yes, same here. To date I've never had a swappa problem that didn't get resolved and the people have been very helpful. Don't blame swappa for shitty sellers. Buy from reputable sellers (like me). yankeesusa Swappa only helps communicating. To resolve any issues you must file a PayPal claim. datkidpatrick contact the seller and see if they can contact project fi/google... King_Android Ijs, BBB is an extremely powerful tool in order to get your voice heard from Corporate asap...... Stephen Hicks If the phone is under warranty still, file an RMA claim and state the bluetooth isn't working correctly on the device and that you've already tried factory resetting the phone as well as reconnected all the bluetooth devices with no improvement. Might work? njn There is no warranty for second hand phones. JRock I purchased a bootlooping 6P off eBay for cheap, erasing/flashing firmware had same result, RMA'd to Huawei and they promptly sent me a brand new one. Mark Depending on the credit card you used to buy the phone, you might have an extended warranty that might cover this. atl3630 You can get your money back. Contact the seller through swappa and tell them the issue. They will likely tell you it's been to long, I don't care, etc. If so, then file a PayPal claim. You have six months PayPal protection. Document that the phone no longer works and send it back to the seller with tracking. Then PayPal will refund you money, no matter what the seller says. M3D1T8R But doing this will just end up screwing over the seller. PayPal will simply take the money from their account and refund it to the buyer. So that's not fair to the seller either. PayPal's "seller protection" is a fraud. And their customer service is a total joke. They should be boycotted. atl3630 How does that screw over the seller? The seller screwed himself when he sold the phone. His beef is with ProjectFi, not the buyer. Frankly the buyer shouldn't have to deal with this crap since buyers have no way to determine the history of a phone. The seller sold a phone that stopped working. That's on them. M3D1T8R Because, obviously, the seller doesn't necessarily know the history and every previous owner of every phone. What if it's a phone someone bought previously used. They used it for a while just fine, and resold it. Then this IMEI block thing happened. atl3630 Yeah, that would suck. But still, it's not the buyer's fault. If something happens and somebody gets cheated out of $500+ then you better bet people are going to exercise whatever option they can to recover their money. PayPal protection would do that for them in the first 6 months. ericshmerick So anyone who sells a phone is on the hook for its functionality until the end of time? GTFO of here with that. It's ridiculous and you know it. atl3630 Six months, moron. PayPal protection is 6 months. Like it or not, facts. Stop being a little bitch. Roh_Mish What if the seller had bought directly from google. AP mentioned about the trains but there doesn't appear to to be a link between this and that fraud. Also there are many cases where buyer on PayPal will request a reverse and never return the product, screwing over the seller. And PayPal won't do anything about this. vn33 That really sucks .. .especially to someone near and dear to you. I would be beyond furious! Hope everything works out!! Duder12 Swappa will cover you here. You are fine. Get the ball rolling. Anwar Imraan Lucas To me it seems that the original buyer had reported his credit card lost or stolen and is disputing charges on his card which in terms maybe blacklisting those devices as stolen.. blindexecutioner You do Google the service of endless beta testing their software on a way overpriced phone and they blacklist you. Nice. Lawrence Good, that is what you get for buying the Bezel XL ericshmerick OH YOUUUU!!1 theadamsegal Yet another reason I will not buy a Google device again. Tiberian For the record: Kyle Bennett is the owner and founder of HardOCP, not just a simple writer for the site. ;) Richard Gao Did not know that. Thanks! datkidpatrick this happened by to me as well... i sold my pixel 3 months ago and the buyer just informed me it was blacklisted... i had no clue project fi was doing this and legit thought the buyer was trying to scam me... i contacted project fi support and was advised it was escalated to be removed from the blacklist... i paid off the phone before i sold it... this is definitely a mistake by google/project fi... they should be correcting this soon... Jordan L Can a carrier just randomly blacklist IMEIs?! I guess so. I was reading this thread thinking 'well, people probably just bought a stolen Pixel unknowingly' but your case proves this wrong. Navneet Suresh Shitty move Google ! :/ Jay If this happened to me, I'd just return the phone to the seller, get refunded, and make them have to deal with this. Swappa made a huge fucking deal about refunding buyers after the Note7 debacle and it should be the same thing here. freshprince_87 I hope that Kyle guy reads your comment. This may help him Jay Honestly, Swappa needs to be pushing this harder. I sold my Note7 last year and despite the fact that the buyer could have gone and gotten the refund from T-Mobile themselves, they chose to take Swappa up on their suggestion of getting the refund from me. (Add to this that Swappa said if I didn't agree to the refund, they'd "suggest" the buyer take the issue up with PayPal as the device was not sold as advertised. Seriously..) datkidpatrick it isn't the sellers fault... and its something that can be fixed... Jay I fail to see how this isn't the seller's fault for trying to game the system and make a profit. This sure as hell isn't Google's fault.. so who do you want to blame then? The unsuspecting buyers? datkidpatrick it is googles fault... the point they referred to in november is completely separate from the issue happening now... the issue happening now is many pixel phones that were sold and originated from fi is getting blacklisted... i sold my pixel after paying it of legit and it just got blacklisted... now please tell me how i tried to game the system... Jay For all I know, you could be one of those shady scalpers too who tried to make a profit by gaming the system. The burden of fixing this issue should still lie on the sellers. If someone wants their money back, they have every right to make you do the legwork of figuring out how you'll make your money back. datkidpatrick I contacted project fi for the buyer and it is escalated... again the point is it wasn't my fault... marcusmarcus2 If you are just trying to sell 1 phone that you got and paid for without trying to "game the system" it is not your fault, but it is your responsibility as the seller to try and resolve the issue, which it sounds like you are doing. Who's fault is it? Hard to tell until Google releases a comment about why this is happening. Did they block these by mistake? Then it is Googles fault. Are they doing it to block the bulk buyers that were "gaming the system" and just went over board and blocked some extra phones that were not part of those that gamed the system? Then it would be the fault of Google and those that gamed the system that caused Google to make the choice. hunter2 I wouldn't say it's his responsibility. He's selling a device. If the maker of that device decides to flip a kill switch in 18 months and disable every device out there then why blame him. Google is flipping a kill switch an all kinds of devices (just below there is a comment from a guy who bought and paid for his phone, then later switched carriers and had his originally bought phone killed). Trying to blame middle men here is crazy. marcusmarcus2 I'm not blaming the seller. Please re-read. I said the fault is with Google if they are the ones that decided to black list them. It is the sellers responsibility to try figure out why a device they sold is blacklisted. If they did nothing wrong, then they should be able to get it unblacklisted by working with Google. From the looks of some of the comments on here, it looks like the buyer would not be able to get the device of the black list but the seller should be able to. Again, I'm not blaming the middle man. There is a difference between fault and responsibility. Fault sounds like it is fully on Google. Responsibility goes across everyone though with some having more responsibility. Buyer has some responsibility to report the issue to the seller instead of just reporting it to paypal. Seller has more responsibility than the seller because they would be the one who would be able to work with Google/fi to get it off the black list. Google/fi would have even more responsibility to explain why devices are being blacklisted and getting devices off the black list if they should not be on there. Max As a somewhat frequent seller/buyer on Swappa and Ebay I can say that this is definitely the sellers responsibility to fix the problem or promptly accept a return for a refund otherwise this isn't so different from a bait and switch situation. datkidpatrick how is it a bait and switch if i paid off a phone legit and decided to sell it after... 3 months later it gets blacklisted... this is a mistake by google and its their responsibility to fix... Max If you paid off the phone legit and didn't do anything shady then it wouldn't have been blacklisted and if it was you, as the original buyer, are the one with more authority to contact Google, not the second hand buyer, therefore it's your responsibility to fix it. The buyer with a blacklisted phone has zero reasons to believe that you were truthful in your description even if you were. datkidpatrick well i did contact project fi for the buyer and it is escalated... Max Then you're doing the right thing (taking responsibility) and hopefully this gets resolved quickly by Fi! Although I don't know if they can just un-blacklist a phone? Hopefully they can. ericshmerick If I buy a product from a retail store and 92 days later it has an issue, guess what they will tell me when I show up barking for a refund? Yeah, pound sand kid. That's what they will say. So why do Swappa sellers suddenly have the responsibility to refund forever ala Costco? I get people are pissy at the situation, but the seller isn't responsible for Google's shadyness here. Max We're not talking about "an issue" here because that's what warranties are for, we're talking about a phone reported as lost/stolen after being sold this could potentially mean a fraudster that didn't fully pay the phone or a thief that sold a stolen phone, I doubt any serious retailer would do that... By the way that's what buyer protections are for, Paypal has six months of protection and credit card providers can be very flexible if you explain your case well and you're in the right. If a retailer pull something like this they would never win a chargeback. Max We're not talking about "an issue" here because that's what warranties are for, we're talking about a phone reported as lost/stolen after being sold this could potentially mean a fraudster that didn't fully pay the phone or a thief that sold a stolen phone, I doubt any serious retailer would do that... By the way that's what buyer protections are for, Paypal has six months of protection and credit card providers can be very flexible if you explain your case well and you're in the right. If a retailer pull something like this they would never win a charge back and the manufacturer and distributor would never be involved in the original transaction or charge back, it would be up to the retailer to go after the manufacturer or distributor. ericshmerick But nothing shady or illegal is going on here. If I and the original buyer and I use it on project fi for two months, then decide to sell it. How does that suddenly implicate me as being some sort of shady criminal? I would simply be selling a legally purchased piece of hardware that was paid in full. Max Can you please elaborate how the buyer knows that you sold "a legally purchased piece of hardware that was paid in full" if he has a blacklisted phone reported as lost/stolen in the hands? Good luck convincing the buyer, Paypal and a Bank that you're in the right in such a situation... Luxferro If they sold you shady (stolen or not legal) products you'd be dealing with them. tnt These are not devices being bought from an official retailer. There's no need to question the history of a device bought from Costco. Swappa (and Ebay and Craigslist for that matter) are not the same type of market. It's the seller's responsibility to know the history (as much as possible anyway) of the devices they're selling. freshprince_87 I guess it's safer to buy a Verizon Google Pixel instead if you intend on reselling it later. So the future buyer isn't screwed by Google. That is such a ridiculous policy drksilenc have to have a line with verizon to do that though. Wendell Brown Apparently not, this dude says his WERE Verizon phones that were locked.... https://www.reddit.com/r/GooglePixel/comments/6d2yse/2_of_my_3_google_pixel_phones_blacklisted_on_the/ Me Google is just shooting themselves in the foot at this point with the Pixel Yan Qin I just sold my Pixel XL and switch to Galaxy S8, I do think I was out of my mind that I actually bought Pixel at full price. Jordan L anyone resell a project fi phone NOT through Swappa and have it blacklisted? maybe ProjectFi blacklisted only Swappa phones(still a strange move if it was on purpose) Jagermeister 2 of my 3 Pixel phones showed up blacklisted 2 days ago. I made a reddit post yesterday of my issue. I though it was part of an insurance fraud scam. https://www.reddit.com/r/GooglePixel/comments/6d2yse/2_of_my_3_google_pixel_phones_blacklisted_on_the/ I had originally though our phones were from Verizon not Google Fi. We were happy Pixel customers that are now considering purchasing different phones because Google can report as stolen whenever they feel a Google Fi device was not transferred to a new owner per their TOS. How can any user purchasing a pre-owned or "new" Google Pixel be sure that it isn't a Google Fi device and won't be blacklisted in the future? Max Johnson Note to self, don't buy second hand Google devices. Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ Note to everyone: Don't buy first hand Google devices. Max Why? Mine works perfectly fine and so far it's the best phone I've ever owned. Dana Yeah, it's fine as long as you don't get it from Project Fi because you can't sell it if you want to upgrade to a new device. Max LOL, what? I simply bought it directly from store.google.com, no issues here and I can provide proof. This is something related to phones sold through Fi. hunter2 Congrats, scroll up one comment and you'll find a guy who's phone is blacklisted despite him being the original owner and being fully paid off. To answer your question of "Why", it's because not everyone is as comfortable gambling with their money as you are. Max 1) It was blacklisted by the carrier, not the manufacturer. 2) It was blacklisted after it was resold, sucks but as far as we know it doesn't affect the original seller, there's a difference there. 3) We don't know yet why this really happened. 4) Even with all of the above, I don't see how it fits in a "Don't buy first hand Google devices." statement. Maybe if you tell me "Don't deal with Project Fi service" I could somewhat agree. hunter2 http://disq.us/p/1iz7ts3 Sorry, should have permalinked the comment since the order is moving per votes. That guy was the original owner and claims to have been paid off. Moved to Verizon at some point and had the device he originally bough directly from Google blacklisted. Max Well that negates my point 2 and sucks even more. But still the blame here points 100% to Project Fi and not the phone itself nor Google as the manufacturer of the phone. Something really strange is happening with Project Fi devices and hopefully they will find out soon if it's an error, incompetence, sabotage or maybe even hacking. hunter2 I guess it depends on how willing you are to absolve the parent company of things a specific branch is doing. It would be like saying "don't blame MS, it's the IE team who makes the browser" during the IE6 days. Max Legally is evident that the responsibility is on Google but if you think that the group in charge of designing and manufacturing the Pixel has any minimal clue about what happens inside the group of the MVNO Project Fi then you're frankly clueless about how such a huge company works. By the way IE and Edge sucks but Visual Studio rocks and I'm liking more Windows 10 recently but I guess I should avoid using everything Microsoft because IE really sucks, right? hunter2 If a decisions like these can be made without going far enough up the chain of command that you're dealing with some higher ups, then I don't really want to know how this company runs. It's enough to tell me that I can't really trust them because you can't really depend on a company keeping in line with their corporate ideals when individual units can work with this much impunity. Avoiding/disliking MS was never about IE sucking. It was about IE being openly hostile and damaging to the web. This complaint was obviously projected at Microsoft themselves since no one believed that the IE team was working in a bubble. I don't know how old you are so maybe you weren't around when all this was going on. It's not about disliking a company because one or some of their many products are inferior. It's about disliking them because they employ user hostile tactics and you don't feel like you can support that (or at the very least want to punish them in the tiny way you can by voting with your wallet). Max So you already got an official response from Google about this? Can you share it? Because so far I have only read guesses about what is happening and nothing official yet. I'm old enough to have used MS-DOS 5 & 6 as well as Windows 3.1. That doesn't change the fact that saying "don't buy anything from a company" based on one division issues is just silly. If Google officially says that all of this was planned then maybe you could have a point, until then you're just stretching facts to prove a weak point. hunter2 I don't need to fill in the facts. I'm saying either way it's bad. The facts are that this happened. Additional facts about why it happened are irrelevant Max Well, if you're happy thinking like that be my guest, I guess some people is unable to see the colors and think the world is black and white. hunter2 For people whom this isn't a mundane thought experiment but are actually in a position where they need to buy a new device (not everyone is able to be without their phone until Google ultimately resolves this); the shades of gray in this scenario don't change their circumstances. The facts are that they have a phone that was remotely disabled. I'm assuming your shades of gray are the how's and why's of that? How is that of any consequence to these people? Steve_Jobroni Shut up, troll. DanSan got em! Matt This will be great for their resale value. ericshmerick Swappa comments: I GEEVE U $200 BUY NOW FINAL OFFERS!! JD Wooooo! Go Pixel, I'm definately not going near any Google hardware with a 1000ft pole now.I may use my 1001ft pole. In Many states, and at least in Canada this is not legal, you can't blacklist a phone for ToS violation. There's a very narrow list of reasons for a device to be blacklisted. Cuong This is a really shitty move from Google. At least sent a notification few days in advance and offer a way to appeal. What if a person was in an emergency situation? Imagine the lawsuit for that, Google. Why customers have to suffer because Google can't control their resellers? ericshmerick 911 always works. segag Thats Fuck all! Snowsky Mountain This may seriously make me rethink my use of Google hardware (especially phones). Stevie Do no evil Google. Do no evil. My Dixie Wrecked Yeah, they got rid of that mandate years ago. Seriously. Look it up. mxwp lol, yeah it was pretty funny. but i give Big G props for being somewhat honest about that. "hmm, we're huge now and so just cannot help to do some evil" Corey Kinard Just looked​ it up. Looks like it's still in place for Google. Alphabet's is different l though. It's "do the right thing." Sruly J Bought an unlocked Pixel yesterday for $334. Before I send it in to get checked and fixed by Google, I really should check the IMEI (normally I'd have the IMEI first, but the seller didn't give it to me). Michael D’Ambrosio "Someone with an answer." That'll get you far with Tech support. Smh vn33 Does the blacklisted phone works out of US, say in Canada? I assume yes, if it's the carriers that are doing the blacklisting. that said, it would really dampen my desire for a phone from Google. Stevie I am crossing my fingers that they don't come after my Nexus 6. Already bought and activated. There's no going back right? speedy1979 So to clarify google is randomly blacklisting any google pixel that is resold. I actually considered buying a ProjectFi device sometime ago; so glad I didn't go through with it. Kris Crowley I have fi service. When you buy a phone through fi you got a discount or a phone that you can't get through the Google store if you want. There is a disclaimer that if you buy it and never activate it that you will be charged additional Monies within 30 days. Now without knowing isn't possible that A the phone was bought at a discount and B the additional fee was levied but never paid? trixnkix637 Know the risks of buying used people. Do your homework. Asking where the seller bought the phone originally could've prevented all of this. Can't blame Google because someone tried to game the system both ways. marcusmarcus2 Know the risks of not using commas, people. You should never buy people, whether they are used or new. Rony Hmmm, is there a difference between a new and a used person. I've scoured the forums and haven't got a clear answer. marcusmarcus2 You would have to ask them before you buy them. They usually know when they've been used. But again, you should not buy any people. Def Ref But if you try to rent people, you start hearing words like "solicitation" and that's no fun. marcusmarcus2 Don't rent them either. While we are at it. Do not borrow, loan or steal people. Def Ref Is enticement allowed in your no fun world? Asking for a friend. marcusmarcus2 I don't see a problem with enticement as long as that enticement does not lead to stealing people. "No fun world"? You mean my world where I think people should not be viewed or treated as items/property? If yes, then yeah, I guess it is a no fun world. Def Ref Lighten up, Francis. marcusmarcus2 Lighten up, Francis? https://38.media.tumblr.com/39ef7347a58e308e67a5bd01cd124431/tumblr_nsld6lafvE1qh124lo1_500.gif Def Ref https://youtu.be/0OnpkDWbeJs That the title is misspelled AND mispunctuated is bonus. trixnkix637 Didn't NY and NV allow for the renting of people or is that wishful thinking? Asking for a friend. Rod This was so good, I had to sign into Disqus to upvote. trixnkix637 Buying people has been around for ages. Can't just stop now because of commas. marcusmarcus2 Buying used has been around for ages. trixnkix637 And so has it's risks. ericshmerick Wow I feel bad for the Swappa sellers who are getting PayPal charge backs right about now. Alexander Z Great This was the response I received. https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/948da6656e25823e8dc529c4571fbc2d347f5e820ee9b7c91844d48c9745a112.png DanSan owner of the device ≠ person who purchased. way to go google. InnocentEd News flash this could happen with any phone from any manufacturer on any network that is resold used. I've had it happen with 2 iPhones and Apple could have cared less. You buy used, you take the risk. It's amazing how even credited tech journalists assume devices on Swappa are always going to be 100% safe. If Project Fi were not allowed to be resold via T&S then it's no diff than blacklisting a resold stolen phone...they had every right. Bewear This is why we can't have nice things. Rony Honestly this makes total sense. Its technically stealing the phone if you buy it for a discounted price and you dont activate it and sell it again. I think they made the right move. raffr It's not "technically" stealing. If you purchase a product at the price requested, you did not steal it. IF, big IF, in your purchase agreement it states you cannot resell the phone without activating it first, then google has a case. Serge Cebrian if you are paying for the service ... you are still paying for it even if you keep your older phone or a better phone if you want to unless you stop paying then its stealing ... but not if you keep the service// marcusmarcus2 They could have blacklisted these phones for that reason. But they could have also been overzealous when blacklisting devices and blacklisted numerous other devices that people did not do that with. It may have been the right move to block those that did do that, but if they inadvertently blocked additional devices, then hopefully they make the right move and unblock those devices that should not have been blocked. newtonfb Not new. Wife got a 5x on swappa. Phone was originally on FI but never taken off the account. We tried to activate it on FI but they did we couldn't until the owner released the phone? It worked fine on any other carrier. Had to get a new 5x Lance Biddle I paid off my pixel through project fi. I recently switched to Verizon. Yesterday Verizon notified me that my phone had been reported as stolen! When I awoke this morning my service had been disabled by Verizon. The support from Project Fi has been abysmal. What do I do to fix this? Corey Kinard Go to Reddit. Get ready for talks with the Better Business Bureau. Keep contacting Fi, keep screenshotting all the correspondences, you get all the buyers info in order to prove you are the original device owner. You don't fix this, you didn't cause it to break. Google fixes this. Everyone affected just has to light a fire under their ass. tnt Keep pushing / escalating with Project Fi. Ryan from GroupTweet I bought a Pixel from Tradeport USA (NH based company, shit!) about 3 months ago. The phone is on T-mobile right now and still currently working (fingers crossed). From my interpretation this appears only to be affecting Pixels bought through Google Fi - and perhaps not ones bought via Google Play store unlocked? Is that correct? Is there anyway I can check to see if my pixel was in fact sold via Google FI vs Google Play? Really hoping I don't wake up to a bricked phone in the next couple mornings... Sruly J You could contact Google, provide them with the IMEI, and they could let you know if it was bought through Google Play. Ryan from GroupTweet Thanks - but don't want to risk tipping them off that my phone should be on the blacklist :( Sruly J But wouldn't they know anyways if it should be blacklisted? I mean, how else would they have blacklisted so many phones this week? lauriedesautels So I have the Pixel and was planning on selling it via Swappa after my credits end from another phone. They ended up giving me a brand new Pixel XL but their service has become horrible where I live. So please correct me if I am wrong but if the Pixel is paid off and I switch carriers/ my Pixel is a paperweight? (I don't plan on using the phone on another carrier after 3 mo). ericshmerick According to this place, you can never sell it. You must carry it with you to your grave. Robert Montoya I have a Pixel that is currently blacklisted as of 5/23/2017 I bought it from Swappa... Google says they will lift the ban in 24 to 48 hours... That was 24 hours ago.. Phone still Blacklisted Wendell Brown I must have missed where it was shown that these deactivated phones were on Project Fi. As best I can tell, the only link to Fi is from an OLD article about the guy reselling phones several months ago. Is there any proof that this is in any way Fi related? MadJoe I have to say, if Google ever blacklisted my phone in a misguided sour-grapes attempt to punish the person who sold it to me, and without compensating me for it I would be rather angry. It would also be the absolute last Google product I ever purchased. As it is, this story has me glad I don't own anything more than a $25 Chromecast that I never use. I was seriously considering the Pixel 2 as my next phone, but not any more. If they were going to be such babies about the phones being resold, they should have vetted their buyers a little better. Corey Kinard It doesn't look like they were making any money off of you in the first place... Second-hand buyers/ bargain hunters rarely go out and pre-order $800 phones. Maybe you're different. They're definitely fucking up, but considering how little the pixel one sold and how much money they make I'm not sure they'll care about this any which way the wind blows. Same way Apple can just outright tell their customers to go fuck themselves over certain problems. MadJoe The problem is that too many people will ignore a company's unscrupulous behavior. If more of us would punished them by taking away access to our wallets, they'd think twice about trying to screw us. But people are lazy and lack commitment. So you're absolutely right, Google won't feel any hit by my deciding not to buy any more of their shit because a shit-ton of blind lemmings will gladly line up to jump off that spot on the cliff I chose not to use. And when a couple of them get screwed, they will cry "why isn't anyone else interested in helping me?" as the rest of the heard ignore them. On the bright side, the cycle will continue ad nauseum until I'm in a hole in the ground. Bruce Considering the ridiculous amount they are charging for the phones (Apple pricing without the Apple level support), this just about kills the resale value for a Pixel. Who the hell is going to buy a used phone for $500+ (because the original cost is so high) if their phones get blacklisted months later. And who the hell is going to buy the phones at the original price, when resale value will drop like a rock. And this doesn't even take into account all the BS that comes with the phone to begin with. 2 years of guaranteed OS updates. Hardware issues (Bluetooth, speakers, water resistance...) which don't get acknowledged amid finger pointing. Insufficient inventory even if they were open to replacements. The 128GB version (the 32GB is too little and the 64 GB doesn't exist) costs almost a $1000. The first time they tried this with the Nexus One, it didn't go well. This doesn't seem to be going much better. The Galaxy Nexus couldn't be upgraded because of drivers. The only real hits have been the Nexus 5 and the 6P. UniBroW *clutches iPhone 7 plus despite it's inferiority to android* Tj Hariharan Wait, do we actually KNOW that the phones that are blacklisted were originally purchased for reselling for profit? All i got from this article was that the phone was originally purchased from Project Fi.. RTNDO128 My phone was effected by this. I've been having issues with no T-Mobile service for the past couple of days on Project Fi. After reading this article, I used the Swappa IMEI checker and what do you know, my phone is reported "lost/stolen". I bought my Pixel on eBay at the beginning of January. Now I'm beyond their 30 day gaurentee. What an absolute clusterfuck. RTNDO128 My phone was effected by this. I've been having issues with no T-Mobile service for the past couple of days on Project Fi. After reading this article, I used the Swappa IMEI checker and what do you know, my phone is reported "lost/stolen". I bought my Pixel on eBay in the middle of February. Now I'm beyond their 30 day guarantee. What an absolute clusterfuck. Y2J You have 180 days in Paypal. RTNDO128 Thanks, I filed a claim with them. Hopefully this situation is covered. Max Did you contact first the seller? Otherwise it's a dick move to file a claim without first giving the seller the opportunity to see if he collaborates... RTNDO128 Thanks for your opinion. As stated, I'm beyond the 30 day eBay guarantee window. I created a "dispute" through the PayPal Resolution Center, which sends a message directly to the seller. PayPal is totally uninvolved with the dispute until I choose to escalate, which will only happen if I cannot get this resolved with the seller first. I just want to have our conversations documented in the event that the seller does not want to deal with this situation. Ken Kinda weird Google said that IMEI can't be blocked by manufacturer, I'm sure that's true. But what when manufacturer is also technically the carrier? Da_James Are you saying that "buying" a device in the USA doesn't mean you own it? Just SUE. Steve_Jobroni > as it's the carrier and not the manufacturer that has the ability to blacklist devices Do people not read the full article anymore? There seems to be a lot of Jabroni's blaming Google when it's the carrier that can only do the blacklisting. Sir_Brizz But that carrier is Project Fi, aka Google... Aleksandr Ivanov Change IMEI, problem solved! AbdulB1 lol Cassidy James Blaede I'd be interested in hearing how widespread this actually is, and a response from Google. My mom bought a Pixel from Swappa because Google was out of stock, and she's been loving it. I'd hate for her phone to become a brick because of this. Leonardo Baez I see a class action demand on the horizon? Đức Thành I'm a die-hard Google fan, but wow does Google need some fixing. justmy2pennies2012 There is one simple way Google can prevent the second hand market from making a profit. 1. Provide enough stock for all those who want to purchase the device! :) Bonus: Price the device accrodingly!! I gave up trying to buy one new from VZW and the Play Store. MisterAlex Did getting a Pixel phone through Fi require signing away your rights regarding "first sale?" And is that enforceable? RayNeverLearns You are Android Police. You might want to stay more up to date on this story and keep your readers updated, especially one that has a big impact on one of the purest Android flagships. http://www.techspot.com/news/69452-pixel-phones-project-fi-showing-up-blacklisted.html datkidpatrick happy to announce the phone i sold has been taken off the blacklist after communicating with project fi... so if you're affected by this contact google or more specifically project fi support... RayNeverLearns I believe Project Fi has done this for all affected Pixels. I didn't contact the person who sold it to me (Craigslist 7 months ago... wouldn't know where to even start) yet my phone was whitelisted earlier today. A little pain and it took almost 3 days, but a good resolution. datkidpatrick thats great... happy it's fixed... Amir What an idiotic move by Google. That's suicide. HardWired I wonder how long before Tesla implement a similar system in their cars :) Sorry you signed an agreement, the car has been disabled because you decided to sell it to a used car salesman for resale. Same sort of punishment that should not be legal. Follow Android Police 1.49M 472k 145k 119k Latest Deals 9 [Deal Alert] Chromecast Ultra is $59.99 ($10 off) at Google Store, Best Buy, B&H and others 2017/06/04 12:16pm PDTJun 4, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] Google Home is $109 ($20 off) at Best Buy, Google Store, B&H, and others 2017/06/04 10:07am PDTJun 4, 2017 12 [Deal Alert] Kick off the weekend with 24 temporarily free and 52 on-sale apps 2017/06/03 6:50pm PDTJun 3, 2017 18 [Deal Alert] Get a Nextbit Robin for $129.99 on eBay 2017/06/03 9:39am PDTJun 3, 2017 33 [Deal Alert] A Stork's Journey is currently free on Google Play Movies & TV 2017/06/01 10:50pm PDTJun 1, 2017 Latest Poll How many photos are on your Google Photos account? Under 100 100-999 1,000-2,499 2,500-4,999 5,000-9,999 10,000-19,999 20,000-39,999 More than 40,000. View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 67 Asus ZenFone 3 Zoom review: A promising phone that falls victim to bad software and cut corners 2017/05/31 2:21pm PDTMay 31, 2017 113 AOSPA (Paranoid Android) review: back from the dead, and we're thrilled 2017/05/31 9:47am PDTMay 31, 2017 29 Tag Heuer Connected Modular 45 review: It seems like $1,500 should get you more 2017/05/29 9:57am PDTMay 29, 2017 74 [Update, G+ Post] Francisco Franco makes his productivity timer 5217 free to try 2017/05/16 10:01am PDTMay 16, 2017 290 HTC U11 hands-on: HTC gets a little closer to the mark 2017/05/16 12:02am PDTMay 16, 2017 Latest Roundups 13 29 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/24/17 - 5/31/17) 2017/05/31 10:20am PDTMay 31, 2017 8 10 new and notable Android apps from the last week (5/23/17 - 5/29/17) 2017/05/29 12:49pm PDTMay 29, 2017 13 31 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/17/17 - 5/23/17) 2017/05/23 3:06pm PDTMay 23, 2017 16 12 new and notable Android apps and live wallpapers from the last week (5/16/17 - 5/22/17) 2017/05/22 12:48pm PDTMay 22, 2017 16 29 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/10/17 - 5/16/17) 2017/05/16 4:22pm PDTMay 16, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 19 Boost for Reddit removed from Play Store for alleged promotion of drugs, still not back after a week 2017/06/04 4:25pm PDTJun 4, 2017 117 Weekend poll: How many photos are synced to your Google Photos account? 2017/06/04 3:44pm PDTJun 4, 2017 28 Tasker beta v5 brings a fresh Material Design look and a huge list of other changes 2017/06/03 7:27pm PDTJun 3, 2017 12 [Deal Alert] Kick off the weekend with 24 temporarily free and 52 on-sale apps 2017/06/03 6:50pm PDTJun 3, 2017 76 Samsung uploads its Device Maintenance tool to the Play Store 2017/06/03 6:01pm PDTJun 3, 2017 Blast from the Past 60 1 Year Ago Today More Motorola Leaks: 'Style Mod' Replaceable Covers For The Moto X/Z And DROID Come In A Variety Of Materials 2016/06/04 12:27pm PDTJun 4, 2016 40 2 Years Ago Today Chrome Beta v44 Comes With Improvements To 'Native App' And 'Add To Homescreen' Banners, New Push API Features, And More [APK Download] 2015/06/04 5:14pm PDTJun 4, 2015 129 3 Years Ago Today YouTube v5.7 For Android Finally Lets You Select Exact Streaming Quality, As Long As It's 720p Or Lower [APK Download] 2014/06/04 6:16pm PDTJun 4, 2014 3 4 Years Ago Today Google Posts Glass XE6 Factory Image For Your Flashing Pleasure 2013/06/04 8:31pm PDTJun 4, 2013 16 5 Years Ago Today [Update: Pre-Orders Are Live] Sprint Announces The Galaxy S III Available June 21, Pre-Orders Start June 5 - $199 For 16GB, $249 For 32GB 2012/06/04 10:55pm PDTJun 4, 2012 327 6 Years Ago Today [Book Giveaway #2] Looking To Get Into Android Development? We're Giving Away "Hello, Android" To A Lucky Reader 2011/06/04 7:16pm PDTJun 4, 2011 2 7 Years Ago Today HTC EVO 4G OTA Update Comes Out In Time For Launch, Fixes SD Card Problems, Patches Security Issues, But Disables Root - Available Via WiFi As Well 2010/06/04 6:44pm PDTJun 4, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 35 It's not just you—there's a widespread Google Home outage 2017/06/04 12:04pm PDTJun 4, 2017 117 Weekend poll: How many photos are synced to your Google Photos account? 2017/06/04 3:44pm PDTJun 4, 2017 64 Samsung opens up its browser to some non-Samsung devices on the Play Store 2017/06/04 10:30am PDTJun 4, 2017 30 Motorola rolling out Android 7.1.1 to the Moto Z Play 2017/06/04 8:45am PDTJun 4, 2017 19 Boost for Reddit removed from Play Store for alleged promotion of drugs, still not back after a week 2017/06/04 4:25pm PDTJun 4, 2017 Last 7 Days 28 Google Photos v2.16 prepares to upgrade the camera shortcut, suggest photos to archive, and more [APK Teardown + Download] 2017/05/31 11:36pm PDTMay 31, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] Here are 38 temporarily free and 72 on-sale apps, plus both 0.10 Apps of the Week 2017/05/31 2:08pm PDTMay 31, 2017 501 [Update: New details plus Andy Rubin interview] The Essential phone is official, with an edge-to-edge display and the world's smallest 360-degree camera accessory 2017/05/30 7:48am PDTMay 30, 2017 76 Samsung uploads its Device Maintenance tool to the Play Store 2017/06/03 6:01pm PDTJun 3, 2017 24 Plex Live TV is now available for all Plex Pass subscribers, tuner required 2017/06/01 6:00am PDTJun 1, 2017 Last 30 Days 78 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 88 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 28 Google Photos v2.16 prepares to upgrade the camera shortcut, suggest photos to archive, and more [APK Teardown + Download] 2017/05/31 11:36pm PDTMay 31, 2017 94 The Play Store adopts new app and notification icons with v7.8.16 [APK Download] 2017/05/10 6:25pm PDTMay 10, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Advertise | Contact 147 queries | 0.551s | forge Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us ... Opinion: Even if you can, you probably shouldn't buy a Google Pixel anymore David Ruddock Follow View All Posts 2017/05/01 2:09pm PDTMay 1, 2017 111 Plus 1 on G+ 379 Share on Facebook 108 Share on Twitter Total Shares598 Editorials Pixel Pixel XL The Google Pixel is a notoriously hard phone to get a hold of. Persistent stock issues have plagued Google's first "in-house" handset from day one, and things really are little to no better six months after the launch event. Honestly, it's a bit embarrassing just how consistently incompetent Google seems to be at keeping a reasonable inventory of phones available for purchase. But setting that aside, as one of the Pixel's most ardent evangelists, I think there's something it's probably time for me to come clean on: Even if you could buy a Pixel today, I really think you shouldn't. The Pixel is a product with generation-one product issues. The Bluetooth performance is horrid. It's not waterproof. The bezels really are due for a shrink. I don't think the exterior coating on the black and blue variants is of a particularly high quality. The glass window gets scuffed up incredibly easily. The Snapdragon 821 is officially old news. And it doesn't support proper advanced network features across all four of the big US carriers. There are other flaws I could point to, and while none of them are too terrible, they do speak to the slightly-rushed development cycle this phone seems to have been subjected to. Sure, Google got some things astoundingly right: the performance, the camera, the larger software experience. In fact, I think the Pixel is easily the best Android smartphone ever for these strengths, at least if we're talking about me personally as a user (your mileage, obviously, may vary). But for all the great, smooth, fast, clean, pure, simple, natural, and various other adjective-members singing in the Pixel-praise cavalcade, this phone is not the one to buy right now. For starters, Google continues to ask what is an increasingly laughable amount of money for the model most of us want - the 128GB XL - at a staggering $870. Sure, Apple charges the same for an iPhone 7 Plus 128GB, but I'm under no illusion that this comparison in any way favors Google. The iPhone comes with Apple customer service (with actual stores), a longer software support period going forward, and runs no real risk of poor resale value. The Pixel? Google's online support is iffy at best, we know the phone will be unsupported by October 2018, and I have a strong feeling generation-one Pixel resale values will drop like a rock once the new phones are announced. And that really is why, if you haven't pulled the trigger on a Pixel yet, you should just wait. It's overpriced, under-supported, and competing phones like the Galaxy S8 offer a whole lot more technology for your money. The Galaxy S8+ is $20 less than a 128GB Pixel XL, and I would argue it is far and away the better smartphone value. That amazing display, brand-new Snapdragon 835 processor, jaw-dropping design and packaging, and the full support of all our American carriers' latest LTE advancements could each be a reason on its own to put the Galaxy S8 above Google's smartphone. Do I still prefer using the Pixel over the S8? Sure. But I wouldn't buy a 128GB Pixel XL over a Galaxy S8+ today. That would be, frankly, a bit silly. If Google was asking $670 and not $870, the discussion would probably change, but they aren't. You've got to pay full price, and there's no way I could recommend anyone do that. If you're still on the fence about the Pixel, let me try to push you over: wait for the next generation. I realize that this sort of thinking can devolve into a rationale that encourages you to never upgrade anything because something newer, faster, and better is constantly on the horizon. But in this case, I think it's a consideration that is worth weighing more seriously than usual. Many of the Pixel's biggest flaws relate to Google's inexperience producing a smartphone. Issues that only come up as you try to mass-produce and distribute a product with a real marketing campaign that creates real demand, and the phone gets into the hands of "real" users who aren't part of the now-derailed Nexus phone hypetrain. Inside Google, expectations were no doubt managed, realities realized, and priorities accordingly re-calibrated after this first launch. (Side note: if the Bluetooth performance on the next Pixel is as bad as the first one, I may scream, Google.) Meanwhile, the things that make the Pixel great aren't going anywhere. The next Pixel will be fast, it will take great photos, and it will offer a wonderfully unfettered Android experience. Those that make it less than great? Google is no doubt drilling down through the worst of them in order to ensure the Pixel 2 - or whatever it's called - won't make the same mistakes that the original did (waterproofing, please). And one of the primary reasons to try the Pixel in the first place - to be on the very bleeding edge - really only remains true from a software standpoint. Older phones like the Nexus 5X and 6P don't even let the Pixel have an advantage there, as they're on the same update track until around the time the next Pixel phones launch. If you absolutely need a smartphone soon and the Pixel is tempting you, ask yourself this: Can you deal with a Moto G5 Plus for six months if it means having a better Pixel down the road? While as a reviewer I have the admitted luxury of not needing to consider such things, were I in such a position, I'd have little in the way of a counterargument to offer. Sure, you'll take a resale hit on anything you buy now, but the Pixel is going to face a much, much steeper devaluation curve in that time than any budget phone. Buying a Pixel right now just doesn't make sense. I love my Pixel XL, but I'm officially done recommending the phone to friends and relatives. Instead, I'll tell them to wait, or to get the Galaxy S8 they were probably going to buy anyway. Tags editorial google pixel google pixel xl opinion pixel xl subscribe ... Previous Story [Deal Alert] Get the international Galaxy S7 edge for $479.99 on B&H and eBay ... Next Story Samsung launches Galaxy S8 Bixby voice commands in Korea Trending 78 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 88 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 Comments ←  Older Comments  → swimfan2007 I'm not sure what you mean by the Bluetooth performance? What's wrong with it? I haven't really noticed issues on my 128 non XL. I still love my phone but I understand if someone was switching now, they should just wait for the new one. I probably will. Patruns The XL is too large for me. No wireless charging is a game stopper for me. $650+ is just too much to pay as I buy my phones outright for my wife and myself. We are still happily using our Nexus 5 phones until something of roughly the same dimensions with QI charging comes out that won't break the bank. Also, I want pure Android. Not interested in Touchwiz or any other skins. Rod So, I found another proud N5 owner! I'm in my third battery, nothing to complain about. YuCMi I skipped this generation, was too salty about Google's treatment of Nexus devices. If they make their next phone reasonably priced, then I'll consider it. Otherwise, Google can fuck off with their "premium" pricing. CW The OnePlus 3T is a great phone at a great price! Laura J. Sellers Hughes I bought my Google Pixel XL for the camera. I have not been disappointed! https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/c44fd1bc546c27c02f945b075e0388e076c62e0fd612b3c74442129a05446139.jpg https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/c4618b9d22a1d44186f347c184038b3a833f38a1148cc4b91b95981303fa8b6b.jpg https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/465d23a781688e73e20a0737904c3880ee693ee06b5dd1779ae91d9799b0488b.jpg https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/1f3d76182fdd59b34eda695d20943d03e71240b775f63106ef41809601a7cabf.jpg https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/66175dfb8d6503940dc945b8d865f4f8276c84f7f3abd0e0e46dc31136501275.jpg https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/f7fa8ed860bc28a3a3e377a7e74591e764bdec5795747c4a1afb93eaa44aa0b2.jpg Rod You shouldn't. It's the best camera in a smartphone currently. Even the S8 was left behind in image quality. Aj Wayans Nothing wrong with my Pixel, best phone I've ever had. Only has scratches because I've dropped it a few times Rod Impossible. Pixel is horrid, every single owner has an urge to throw it onto the nearest wall. WNDRKND I hear ya, but I got pixel for Christmas. And back then, there was no new Samsung phone. Personally, the optimization alone makes the phone worth it... Like, I've literally had no problems. Even the speaker issue, Bluetooth, whatever. My handset works perfect, even for a first generation device. Either way, I'll be waiting for pixel three and skipping pixel 2 this Christmas. Rod I think you're 4 months late. Lol WNDRKND Haha perhaps, but with nobody able to get one... I still feel 9 months early lmao! Rod First rule of the Pixel club: no one talks about the club Hussain Ahmadi Pixel is an indie phone, like indie films with limited screens and very much less public appeal, no matter how good it is it will always be just a side phone. The only true big sharks in the market are Samsung and Apple. Google is not able to compete with them erikz The main reason I wanted the Pixel was to get on Google Fi. ackthbbft I think there are still good reasons to go with the Pixel, even if it means waiting for gen 2. I went with the Pixel because I wanted to get on Project Fi and "pure" Android. As a former Samsung Galaxy S5 user (S2 before that), I got tired of both carrier-installed and OEM bloatware, plus I've been saving money on my plan. Tj Hariharan Frankly I'm considering an LG-G6... comes with assistant, near stock android from what I've been told and my little experience with in-store demo's...AND iirc: an SD Card. Rod Then, when Google drops Android 8, you'll infuriated asking LG where your OTA is. gparmar76 Google will charge the same price with Pixel 2. They have a proven track record with the Nexus phones... roseglace >The Bluetooth performance is horrid. so? bluetooth is not everything to everyone. in particular, i've used it on my pixel exactly once. a non-issue. > It's not waterproof. i'll remember not to take my phone into the shower. another non-issue. > The bezels really are due for a shrink. the bezels i can't see with the phone in its case? > I don't think the exterior coating on the black and blue variants is of a >particularly high quality. the coating i can't see with the phone in its case? > The glass window gets scuffed up incredibly easily. there's that case in the way again. darn. > And it doesn't support proper advanced network features across all four >of the big US carriers. such as? maybe i'd worry if i lived in the united states but i bought the phone for phone calls, SMS and wifi. are those 'advanced'? they work in canada. > the model most of us want - the 128GB XL is there a shred of evidence that 'most' of 'us' want it? if it was the exact same price as the 16GB version i'd want it. if it was even twenty bucks more? umm, probably not. i know it's labelled 'opinion' and everything, but could you try a _little_ harder not to sound like you're whining? John Pitkethly I got a Pixel in December and have none of the problems listed in this article. Jordan Bartholme Great article, thank you! thereasoner If fast updates and performance are your thing than it's never a bad time to buy a Pixel but if one must wait then I guess the Pixel 2 is not that far off. Don't care about stock Android performance and updates? Then there are more choices coming still besides Samsung. I personally am looking forward to the HTC U 11 in a couple of weeks time. geolemon Good points. Even still, the worst point is that it's a metal (stupid) and glass (downright silly) wannabe iPhone (including all the hardware limitations we all hate Apple for) to try to pull the "Apple demographic" stereotype as a customer - people who want a jewelry phone rather than a functional, practical tool. Sadly, few alternatives exist today, if you want high end specs. How far we've fallen in just a few years. Hopefully it's something to just ride out - high end phones that fit in front trouser pockets and have swappable batteries, sd cards, and the durability of polycarbonate replacing the impact vulnerability of metal will reappear. But certainly - the Pixel is one of the more vulgar offerings. Sad, because I was otherwise a satisfied customer on Google Fi. Mike Dealbreaker on the Pixel 2 could be whether or not Google include unlimited full resolution Photos & Video BackUp like they have with the Pixel 1. If they don't & just throw in something like the S8's increased 100K Play Music songs limit instead, we just might hold on to our Pixel XL 128 a little longer instead. Like all hardware, it's what you do with it that really matters, but without the software to achieve it with... You just pays your money & you takes your choice. Notpoliticalyet Mate 9 is my Pixel XL. Easy to get one and top end specs. I have had all the Nexus phones and passed up the Pixel. I may look at the 2nd generation but they need to fix their supply chain. No reason to wait long with all of the good competition out there. They also created hype with limited availability. Get it right Google. Kimwo Good read! I've HATED my Pixel from day one! I tried to fall in love with it but I haven't! My husband made me do an upgrade and of course it was when this dumb a*$ ph came out! I sent my Samsung GalaxyS5 in as was required for rebate to get the Pixel. The camera sucks butt, I don't know what all the hype was about! I thought I'd like the fact it has unlimited storage but how is that useful if you can't get a good quality photo!!!! I think Androids are way better, and easy to use. That's all I've had sense the iPhone 4! Wouldn't go back to an iPhone but would take it over a Pixel any day!!😝 Christopher Hopkins First off who ever made this post is just a glorified iPhone fan and downing the Google pixel I've had mine since launch and so have the 3 others on my account and all of us can say nothing has gone wrong with my pixel not once so get off your high horse and the back glass part of my phone is not scratched still and this is the same phone since launch same with my GF her brother and my best friend on my account Stanced Imports What a joke review I've had a Google pixel since January this phone is the best phone I've ever had, and I've had a iPhone 7😂 if you can't afford it that's not a reason to not buy it, that's a choice the consumer should make not a reflection on the phones performance 😁 I live in Canada so my Google pixel is about 1000$ and it's worth every penny Stanced Imports Also I find it's nice that the phones availability is scarce so I don't look at everyone and they all have the same phone. vitriolix "unsupported by October 2018" That's wrong, they will still get security patches until Oct 2019. Still too short, but let's not warp the facts MikeOxlong Nobody cares what Ruddock thinks. Sorry. Makikiguy Nexus 5 is my first smart phone and I ain't changing. Go overseas, three clicks and you are good to go. No sims, no overseas carriers, no nothing. Love it. ←  Older Comments  → Follow Android Police 1.49M 472k 145k 119k Latest Deals 9 [Deal Alert] Chromecast Ultra is $59.99 ($10 off) at Google Store, Best Buy, B&H and others 2017/06/04 12:16pm PDTJun 4, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] Google Home is $109 ($20 off) at Best Buy, Google Store, B&H, and others 2017/06/04 10:07am PDTJun 4, 2017 12 [Deal Alert] Kick off the weekend with 24 temporarily free and 52 on-sale apps 2017/06/03 6:50pm PDTJun 3, 2017 18 [Deal Alert] Get a Nextbit Robin for $129.99 on eBay 2017/06/03 9:39am PDTJun 3, 2017 33 [Deal Alert] A Stork's Journey is currently free on Google Play Movies & TV 2017/06/01 10:50pm PDTJun 1, 2017 Latest Poll How many photos are on your Google Photos account? Under 100 100-999 1,000-2,499 2,500-4,999 5,000-9,999 10,000-19,999 20,000-39,999 More than 40,000. View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 67 Asus ZenFone 3 Zoom review: A promising phone that falls victim to bad software and cut corners 2017/05/31 2:21pm PDTMay 31, 2017 113 AOSPA (Paranoid Android) review: back from the dead, and we're thrilled 2017/05/31 9:47am PDTMay 31, 2017 29 Tag Heuer Connected Modular 45 review: It seems like $1,500 should get you more 2017/05/29 9:57am PDTMay 29, 2017 74 [Update, G+ Post] Francisco Franco makes his productivity timer 5217 free to try 2017/05/16 10:01am PDTMay 16, 2017 290 HTC U11 hands-on: HTC gets a little closer to the mark 2017/05/16 12:02am PDTMay 16, 2017 Latest Roundups 13 29 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/24/17 - 5/31/17) 2017/05/31 10:20am PDTMay 31, 2017 8 10 new and notable Android apps from the last week (5/23/17 - 5/29/17) 2017/05/29 12:49pm PDTMay 29, 2017 13 31 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/17/17 - 5/23/17) 2017/05/23 3:06pm PDTMay 23, 2017 16 12 new and notable Android apps and live wallpapers from the last week (5/16/17 - 5/22/17) 2017/05/22 12:48pm PDTMay 22, 2017 16 29 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/10/17 - 5/16/17) 2017/05/16 4:22pm PDTMay 16, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 19 Boost for Reddit removed from Play Store for alleged promotion of drugs, still not back after a week 2017/06/04 4:25pm PDTJun 4, 2017 114 Weekend poll: How many photos are synced to your Google Photos account? 2017/06/04 3:44pm PDTJun 4, 2017 28 Tasker beta v5 brings a fresh Material Design look and a huge list of other changes 2017/06/03 7:27pm PDTJun 3, 2017 12 [Deal Alert] Kick off the weekend with 24 temporarily free and 52 on-sale apps 2017/06/03 6:50pm PDTJun 3, 2017 76 Samsung uploads its Device Maintenance tool to the Play Store 2017/06/03 6:01pm PDTJun 3, 2017 Blast from the Past 60 1 Year Ago Today More Motorola Leaks: 'Style Mod' Replaceable Covers For The Moto X/Z And DROID Come In A Variety Of Materials 2016/06/04 12:27pm PDTJun 4, 2016 40 2 Years Ago Today Chrome Beta v44 Comes With Improvements To 'Native App' And 'Add To Homescreen' Banners, New Push API Features, And More [APK Download] 2015/06/04 5:14pm PDTJun 4, 2015 129 3 Years Ago Today YouTube v5.7 For Android Finally Lets You Select Exact Streaming Quality, As Long As It's 720p Or Lower [APK Download] 2014/06/04 6:16pm PDTJun 4, 2014 3 4 Years Ago Today Google Posts Glass XE6 Factory Image For Your Flashing Pleasure 2013/06/04 8:31pm PDTJun 4, 2013 16 5 Years Ago Today [Update: Pre-Orders Are Live] Sprint Announces The Galaxy S III Available June 21, Pre-Orders Start June 5 - $199 For 16GB, $249 For 32GB 2012/06/04 10:55pm PDTJun 4, 2012 327 6 Years Ago Today [Book Giveaway #2] Looking To Get Into Android Development? We're Giving Away "Hello, Android" To A Lucky Reader 2011/06/04 7:16pm PDTJun 4, 2011 2 7 Years Ago Today HTC EVO 4G OTA Update Comes Out In Time For Launch, Fixes SD Card Problems, Patches Security Issues, But Disables Root - Available Via WiFi As Well 2010/06/04 6:44pm PDTJun 4, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 112 Weekend poll: How many photos are synced to your Google Photos account? 2017/06/04 3:44pm PDTJun 4, 2017 35 It's not just you—there's a widespread Google Home outage 2017/06/04 12:04pm PDTJun 4, 2017 61 Samsung opens up its browser to some non-Samsung devices on the Play Store 2017/06/04 10:30am PDTJun 4, 2017 29 Motorola rolling out Android 7.1.1 to the Moto Z Play 2017/06/04 8:45am PDTJun 4, 2017 18 Boost for Reddit removed from Play Store for alleged promotion of drugs, still not back after a week 2017/06/04 4:25pm PDTJun 4, 2017 Last 7 Days 28 Google Photos v2.16 prepares to upgrade the camera shortcut, suggest photos to archive, and more [APK Teardown + Download] 2017/05/31 11:36pm PDTMay 31, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] Here are 38 temporarily free and 72 on-sale apps, plus both 0.10 Apps of the Week 2017/05/31 2:08pm PDTMay 31, 2017 501 [Update: New details plus Andy Rubin interview] The Essential phone is official, with an edge-to-edge display and the world's smallest 360-degree camera accessory 2017/05/30 7:48am PDTMay 30, 2017 76 Samsung uploads its Device Maintenance tool to the Play Store 2017/06/03 6:01pm PDTJun 3, 2017 24 Plex Live TV is now available for all Plex Pass subscribers, tuner required 2017/06/01 6:00am PDTJun 1, 2017 Last 30 Days 78 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 88 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 28 Google Photos v2.16 prepares to upgrade the camera shortcut, suggest photos to archive, and more [APK Teardown + Download] 2017/05/31 11:36pm PDTMay 31, 2017 94 The Play Store adopts new app and notification icons with v7.8.16 [APK Download] 2017/05/10 6:25pm PDTMay 10, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Advertise | Contact 111 queries | 0.700s | hive Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us ... Google Phone v10 enables post-call messages for failed calls, prepares for enhanced incoming calls on RCS and voicemail backup [APK Teardown + Download] Cody Toombs Follow View All Posts 2017/05/23 1:19pm PDTMay 23, 2017 61 Plus 1 on G+ 111 Share on Facebook 54 Share on Twitter Total Shares226 APK Teardown Applications Downloads News Article Contents 1 What's New 1.1 Post-call messages 2 Teardown 2.1 RCS Calling 2.2 Voicemail Backup 3 Download With the dust settling after the deluge caused by I/O 2017, it's time to take a closer look at some of the many other things that came with out last week. Some interesting changes came with a brand new version of the Google Phone app included with Android O Developer Preview 2. There's a new prompt suggesting users send a message after a call fails to connect. A deep dive into the apk also turned up signs that Google is working on new RCS calling features and preparing some kind of backup option for voicemail. What's New Unofficial Changelog: (the stuff we found) Post-call messaging Post-call messages Earlier this month, a teardown of of v9 provided a good hint that the Phone app would begin showing suggestions for messages to send after completing a call. With v10, that feature is now live, but not quite as functional as previously expected. Left: snackbar prompt. Right: new message screen. The post-call messaging feature appears as a snackbar prompt asking why you called, to which you can send a message. The prompt only appears after attempting a call that fails without making a connection. To be specific, the prompt won't show up if you hang up, a voicemail service answers, or anything else occurs that would be considered a connection. Basically, if you hear a sound indicating the other end is ringing, any outcome from that point on is probably not going to trigger the prompt. You're most likely to see this prompt in an area where cellular reception isn't good enough to establish a voice call, but you can also force it to show up by trying to make a call while airplane mode is active. Otherwise, it's probably not going to turn up anywhere else. If you opt to send a message, you'll be taken to a screen with a message box and three pre-written messages with different levels of urgency. Tapping a message will put it into the textbox below, but you can continue to make edits before sending. The exact text of the prompt seems to be a mismatch for the current functionality, which left us wondering if this feature is also intended to work in other scenarios like when the call is redirected to voicemail or disconnects within a second of being picked up. Perhaps this is just the first step and other use cases will be handled in the future. In the meantime, this actually might be handy if you're in the middle of nowhere and staring at a single signal bar with no hope of making a call. Teardown Disclaimer: Teardowns are based on evidence found inside of apks (Android's application package) and are necessarily speculative and usually based on incomplete information. It's possible that the guesses made here are totally and completely wrong. Even when predictions are correct, there is always a chance that plans could change or may be canceled entirely. Much like rumors, nothing is certain until it's officially announced and released. The features discussed below are probably not live yet, or may only be live for a small percentage of users. Unless stated otherwise, don't expect to see these features if you install the apk. RCS Calling It's no secret that Google is working to add fairly extensive RCS support to both its Phone app and Android Messages. Now it's just a matter of which features are going to be added and when we'll get to use some of them. This update to the Phone app gives us a bit more insight into some new rich calling features that we'll soon have at our disposal. A stack of new notification strings reveal that Google's developers are currently working on supporting incoming calls with additional data. At this time, it's clear calls can include a location, photo, message, or any combination of those. One line also mentions "attachments," which may suggest other types of data are supported, but not necessarily known in advance. This would make sense for things like URLs or specially crafted data packets can be handed off between other apps. It's also worth noting that these strings are split up for regular and "important" calls, which lines up with the commonly known feature allowing callers to indicate a degree of urgency. code <string name="important_notification_incoming_call_attachments">Important incoming call with attachments</string> <string name="important_notification_incoming_call_with_location">Important incoming call with location</string> <string name="important_notification_incoming_call_with_message">Important incoming call with message</string> <string name="important_notification_incoming_call_with_message_location">Important incoming call with message and location</string> <string name="important_notification_incoming_call_with_photo">Important incoming call with photo</string> <string name="important_notification_incoming_call_with_photo_location">Important incoming call with photo and location</string> <string name="important_notification_incoming_call_with_photo_message">Important incoming call with photo and message</string> <string name="important_notification_incoming_call_with_photo_message_location">Important incoming call with photo, message and location</string> <string name="notification_incoming_call_attachments">Incoming call with attachments</string> <string name="notification_incoming_call_with_location">Incoming call with location</string> <string name="notification_incoming_call_with_message">Incoming call with message</string> <string name="notification_incoming_call_with_message_location">Incoming call with message and location</string> <string name="notification_incoming_call_with_photo">Incoming call with photo</string> <string name="notification_incoming_call_with_photo_location">Incoming call with photo and location</string> <string name="notification_incoming_call_with_photo_message">Incoming call with photo and message</string> <string name="notification_incoming_call_with_photo_message_location">Incoming call with photo, message and location</string> It's not yet clear if attachments will be shown on the screen with incoming calls, but I think it's a pretty safe bet that they will be. After all, knowing there's a photo with the call isn't nearly as compelling as actually seeing it. This was part of the pitch for the Knock Knock feature when Google introduced the Duo app at last year's I/O keynote. The same certainly can be said about locations and messages, as well. So far, there doesn't appear to be an interface for callers to actually attach this type of data, so it's safe to say development is still ongoing. Seeing as most carriers are still stuck on very rudimentary implementations of RCS and intra-network compatibility is moving at a sloth-like pace, I'm sure Google will have this done long before any of us would get to use it. Voicemail Backup Are you the type of person that never deletes voicemails? This one might be for you. It seems that Google will begin asking users if they want to turn on "extra storage" when their voicemail inbox fills its capacity. This allows Google to "manage and backup your voicemail messages" to free up some space. code <string name="voicemail_error_inbox_almost_full_turn_archive_on_title">Turn on extra storage and backup</string> <string name="voicemail_error_inbox_almost_full_turn_archive_on_message">Your mailbox is almost full. To free up space, turn on extra storage so Google can manage and backup your voicemail messages.</string> <string name="voicemail_error_inbox_full_turn_archive_on_title">Turn on extra storage and backup</string> <string name="voicemail_error_inbox_full_turn_archive_on_message">Your mailbox is full. To free up space, turn on extra storage so Google can manage and backup your voicemail messages.</string> <string name="voicemail_action_turn_archive_on">Turn on</string> <string name="voicemail_action_dimiss">No Thanks</string> At this point, I should say that there are a few different things this could be, and I'm at a loss for which one it is. For starters, this could be a new aspect for Project Fi subscribers and the included voicemail service. If so, it might mean Google intends to prompt people with a lot of saved voicemails to push the older ones into their Drive storage. It's a simple explanation, and might be an attempt to squeeze a few bucks out of people that never delete anything, but hardly seems necessary. Another possibility is that this only relates to the voicemails downloaded and stored on your phone, which means it's just a basic housekeeping feature to keep unnecessary audio files out of your local storage or expand the quota to allow for more. I tend to doubt this is the explanation because the text doesn't really line up with that purpose and it seems like the type of thing that should happen automatically, users shouldn't even need to be prompted. Finally, I'm going to take the opportunity to speculate about something a little crazy. Perhaps this is intended for the voicemail service provided by other carriers. If this is the case, I imagine the phone app might detect your voicemail is nearing capacity and offer to manage backups of it. If the user agrees, Google will connect to that provider's voicemail and proceed to back up all of the messages to Drive for the user, then delete them to free up space. Again, this is massively speculative and feels like a long shot... But it's also the type of weirdly cool feature Google occasionally comes up with. There's not much else to go on with this, but it's entirely possible this feature / warning / error message is already live. It may only show up for users connecting to a specific carrier or with special circumstances that aren't very predictable. I'm not really the right person to test it since I only have three voicemails saved, but perhaps readers with a larger backlog will have something to add to this. Download The APK is signed by Google and upgrades your existing app. The cryptographic signature guarantees that the file is safe to install and was not tampered with in any way. Rather than wait for Google to push this download to your devices, which can take days, download and install it just like any other APK. Version: 10.0.153781772 APK Mirror Download QR-Code Phone Developer: Google Inc. Price: Free Tags apk apk download apk teardown app download downloads google phone google phone app messages phone rcs rcs calling teardown voicemail subscribe ... Previous Story The latest SwiftKey beta adds support for Cantonese and other new typing languages, plus more ... ... Next Story Pinterest adds new features for recipe discovery, filters, and recommendations Trending 78 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 88 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 Comments Pedram Haghzaban I posted this here couple days ago, but somebody said this feature has been in the google phone for a while. Carson Saldanha They were mistaken. Artem Russakovskii Which feature specifically? Pedram Haghzaban This post-call messages for failed calls Duder12 Voicemail features will never matter since carriers don't allow them in the US. Prop Dad I use this app for VM. What features don't matter? Richard Riker strange. minsdk is 23, target is 25. Won't install on N (app is not compatible) even when i'm running v9 already. Any dependancy update needed? because no problem with clock from the preview Carson Saldanha Just to confirm, you're trying to sideload it on a Nexus/Pixel device, right? Artem Russakovskii Are you on arm64? Richard Riker uh...totally overseen that. Corey Kinard Is there any way auto post-call spam messages, sent from (detected) spam callers, could be auto blocked and deleted the same way they plan on doing with the verification codes? Rudresh Is this ever coming to non-Nexel devices? Anand Use the patched version from XDA, will work on all droids. https://forum.xda-developers.com/android/apps-games/app-google-dialer-t3557412 Gailjrobinson Google is paying 97$ per hour! Work for few hours & have longer with friends and family! !sv134c: On tuesday I got a great new Land Rover Range Rover from having earned $8752 this last four weeks.. Its the most-financialy rewarding I've had.. Follow this link for more information !sv134c: ➽➽ ➽➽;➽➽ http://GoogleFinancialCashJobs424MarketFishGetPaid$97/Hour... ★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫::::::!sv134c:....,........ John Unfortunately, many features don't work on the patched version. There are older official versions available for non-Nexus devices at apkmirror. Version 9.something is the latest. We will likely never see an official version. Previous official versions that work on non-Nexus phones were mistakes that were pulled. Samsung and others modify their dialers so that Google Phone doesn't work well unless the stock apps are disabled which may require root. Carlos Rodríguez Midly related, but SMS backups are coming to Nexus devices on O. If you toggle the switch of and on in Settings > System > Backup, a new option for SMS backup appears, just like on the Pixel. Cheers! Lynxy Dear lord, you're right! I'll try to test that the next time I reset the phone while on O. Alex I don't see that option. Nexus 6P in the UK. Latest O version. Carlos Rodríguez In phone settings > system > backup, turn off the switch for backup in Google Drive, then turn it back on. You'll see the SMS backup like on the Pixel. Alex Hmm, that requires deleting what's already backed up. I think I'll skip this until it is rolled out properly. Thanks for the help though. Carlos Rodríguez Yes, deletes the backup, but makes a new one as soon you turn it on. No loss of data actually. Fayas Android O on Nexus 5X. can't see that option to backup SMS. Carlos Rodríguez It only appeared for me when I turned backup off and on. https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/6e53aa283e8271597b15df245154ecc06126d368853b89fa516c6076dbf49ac2.jpg Fayas Thanks, I got it after turning off and on back. But it shows me as waiting to back up for SMS and Call Log. Don't know why. Carlos Rodríguez It will eventually back up the SMS. The call log is stil waiting. James Well according to Google's implementation of the omtp visual voicemail standard (https://source.android.com/devices/tech/config/voicemail) it's vvm client "Fetches details of voicemail quota (total mailbox size and occupied size)" from the carrier so it's probably for carriers that have implemented the stock omtp vvm standard like t-mobile. James Briano Tangentially related: Anyone else getting errors with the phone app on Dev Preview 2? App keeps crashing when I have an incoming call. Nexus 6P. Cody Toombs I haven't put the SIM card into my 6P for more than a couple of minutes since the developer previews started going on there, so I can't comment to that exact scenario, but it has been working perfectly on my Pixel running 7.1.2. I've had pretty regular issues with Google apps crashing on DP1 and DP2. It may be a coincidence, but it seems especially bad for any app that uses hardware components like GPS and cellular radio. I'm not complaining since we all should know the deal with bleeding edge releases, but I think the O developer previews have been the buggiest I've used since Google started with KitKat. Andy J "It's not yet clear if attachments will be shown on the screen with incoming calls, but I think it's a pretty safe bet that they will be." Yes - yes it is. All the stuff people are left wondering about is covered in a LOT of depth in the Universal Profile spec - in this particular case, selecting a photo to be shown on the receivers screen when the phone call comes in - is specifically detailed in the spec. It's worth also being aware that as it's also specifically in the spec that the phone book must expose which contacts support Universal Profile - that I'd expect both the contacts app and the dialer app to be opened up to all devices on the Play Store before too much longer - otherwise only Messages supports RCS and people will have phones where they can't actually tell if they can make a video call or send someone a file (or their location) - all they can do is send them a message. Santos Chavez Perhaps the next step is including Google Phone, Android Messages and Google Contacts preloaded on most phones-- some manufacturers have already pledged to include Android Messages as the sole default app so they may expand it to those apps, too, who knows. In the meantime current devices will be able to download the Google dialer and contact apps from the playstore for full RCS capabilities. Like some already have to do for Android Messages currently. mike shwilly Can i just have Swipe to Delete sms feature? Manikandan Guru Working fine on my OP3T. aRvInD Instead of this pretty useless idea, I wish Google places Redial button in same place. Which more people will find relevant and useful... hp-fourtwenty double tap the dial button to redial. tap it once to see the last number dialed. aRvInD No you misunderstood context. I wrote about redial only with call doesn't connect or failed without connecting.. After call disconnects then open dialer - double tap dialer, Simple button there to redial wouldve been great.. F4LL0U7 It's really frustrating that with all of these enhancements, there STILL isn't a way to use your Google Voice number by default instead of your carrier number. You can set the option to place all calls through GV, but if I try to send an SMS follow-up to a rejected call, or send an SMS through Assistant, it still uses the carrier number. Santos Chavez Yeah, I'm hoping for better Voice integration now that Google's revived it. Especially on the sending SMS part; why not have an option of at least routing all SMS through the Google Voice app (which can be done by setting it as the default SMS app, an option that doesn't exist currently). When that is enabled, any background SMS are also sent via that app, for instance when using Assistant. You'd think a Google service would be tightly integrated at the OS level with the whole OS, especially on phones in which Google has full software and hardware control. no? :P I mean, Project Fi is somewhat integrated into the OS, and it uses the same backend as Google Voice... and even then it's not perfect integration either. James Donut In my country, I'm still waiting for the telecommunications companies to implement RCS Sathiya Moorthy Karan Great Regards, Sathiya Moorthy K developeit.net Follow Android Police 1.49M 472k 145k 119k Latest Deals 9 [Deal Alert] Chromecast Ultra is $59.99 ($10 off) at Google Store, Best Buy, B&H and others 2017/06/04 12:16pm PDTJun 4, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] Google Home is $109 ($20 off) at Best Buy, Google Store, B&H, and others 2017/06/04 10:07am PDTJun 4, 2017 12 [Deal Alert] Kick off the weekend with 24 temporarily free and 52 on-sale apps 2017/06/03 6:50pm PDTJun 3, 2017 18 [Deal Alert] Get a Nextbit Robin for $129.99 on eBay 2017/06/03 9:39am PDTJun 3, 2017 33 [Deal Alert] A Stork's Journey is currently free on Google Play Movies & TV 2017/06/01 10:50pm PDTJun 1, 2017 Latest Poll How many photos are on your Google Photos account? Under 100 100-999 1,000-2,499 2,500-4,999 5,000-9,999 10,000-19,999 20,000-39,999 More than 40,000. View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 67 Asus ZenFone 3 Zoom review: A promising phone that falls victim to bad software and cut corners 2017/05/31 2:21pm PDTMay 31, 2017 113 AOSPA (Paranoid Android) review: back from the dead, and we're thrilled 2017/05/31 9:47am PDTMay 31, 2017 29 Tag Heuer Connected Modular 45 review: It seems like $1,500 should get you more 2017/05/29 9:57am PDTMay 29, 2017 74 [Update, G+ Post] Francisco Franco makes his productivity timer 5217 free to try 2017/05/16 10:01am PDTMay 16, 2017 290 HTC U11 hands-on: HTC gets a little closer to the mark 2017/05/16 12:02am PDTMay 16, 2017 Latest Roundups 13 29 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/24/17 - 5/31/17) 2017/05/31 10:20am PDTMay 31, 2017 8 10 new and notable Android apps from the last week (5/23/17 - 5/29/17) 2017/05/29 12:49pm PDTMay 29, 2017 13 31 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/17/17 - 5/23/17) 2017/05/23 3:06pm PDTMay 23, 2017 16 12 new and notable Android apps and live wallpapers from the last week (5/16/17 - 5/22/17) 2017/05/22 12:48pm PDTMay 22, 2017 16 29 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/10/17 - 5/16/17) 2017/05/16 4:22pm PDTMay 16, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 19 Boost for Reddit removed from Play Store for alleged promotion of drugs, still not back after a week 2017/06/04 4:25pm PDTJun 4, 2017 114 Weekend poll: How many photos are synced to your Google Photos account? 2017/06/04 3:44pm PDTJun 4, 2017 28 Tasker beta v5 brings a fresh Material Design look and a huge list of other changes 2017/06/03 7:27pm PDTJun 3, 2017 12 [Deal Alert] Kick off the weekend with 24 temporarily free and 52 on-sale apps 2017/06/03 6:50pm PDTJun 3, 2017 76 Samsung uploads its Device Maintenance tool to the Play Store 2017/06/03 6:01pm PDTJun 3, 2017 Blast from the Past 60 1 Year Ago Today More Motorola Leaks: 'Style Mod' Replaceable Covers For The Moto X/Z And DROID Come In A Variety Of Materials 2016/06/04 12:27pm PDTJun 4, 2016 40 2 Years Ago Today Chrome Beta v44 Comes With Improvements To 'Native App' And 'Add To Homescreen' Banners, New Push API Features, And More [APK Download] 2015/06/04 5:14pm PDTJun 4, 2015 129 3 Years Ago Today YouTube v5.7 For Android Finally Lets You Select Exact Streaming Quality, As Long As It's 720p Or Lower [APK Download] 2014/06/04 6:16pm PDTJun 4, 2014 3 4 Years Ago Today Google Posts Glass XE6 Factory Image For Your Flashing Pleasure 2013/06/04 8:31pm PDTJun 4, 2013 16 5 Years Ago Today [Update: Pre-Orders Are Live] Sprint Announces The Galaxy S III Available June 21, Pre-Orders Start June 5 - $199 For 16GB, $249 For 32GB 2012/06/04 10:55pm PDTJun 4, 2012 327 6 Years Ago Today [Book Giveaway #2] Looking To Get Into Android Development? We're Giving Away "Hello, Android" To A Lucky Reader 2011/06/04 7:16pm PDTJun 4, 2011 2 7 Years Ago Today HTC EVO 4G OTA Update Comes Out In Time For Launch, Fixes SD Card Problems, Patches Security Issues, But Disables Root - Available Via WiFi As Well 2010/06/04 6:44pm PDTJun 4, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 112 Weekend poll: How many photos are synced to your Google Photos account? 2017/06/04 3:44pm PDTJun 4, 2017 35 It's not just you—there's a widespread Google Home outage 2017/06/04 12:04pm PDTJun 4, 2017 61 Samsung opens up its browser to some non-Samsung devices on the Play Store 2017/06/04 10:30am PDTJun 4, 2017 29 Motorola rolling out Android 7.1.1 to the Moto Z Play 2017/06/04 8:45am PDTJun 4, 2017 18 Boost for Reddit removed from Play Store for alleged promotion of drugs, still not back after a week 2017/06/04 4:25pm PDTJun 4, 2017 Last 7 Days 28 Google Photos v2.16 prepares to upgrade the camera shortcut, suggest photos to archive, and more [APK Teardown + Download] 2017/05/31 11:36pm PDTMay 31, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] Here are 38 temporarily free and 72 on-sale apps, plus both 0.10 Apps of the Week 2017/05/31 2:08pm PDTMay 31, 2017 501 [Update: New details plus Andy Rubin interview] The Essential phone is official, with an edge-to-edge display and the world's smallest 360-degree camera accessory 2017/05/30 7:48am PDTMay 30, 2017 76 Samsung uploads its Device Maintenance tool to the Play Store 2017/06/03 6:01pm PDTJun 3, 2017 24 Plex Live TV is now available for all Plex Pass subscribers, tuner required 2017/06/01 6:00am PDTJun 1, 2017 Last 30 Days 78 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 88 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 28 Google Photos v2.16 prepares to upgrade the camera shortcut, suggest photos to archive, and more [APK Teardown + Download] 2017/05/31 11:36pm PDTMay 31, 2017 94 The Play Store adopts new app and notification icons with v7.8.16 [APK Download] 2017/05/10 6:25pm PDTMay 10, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Advertise | Contact 128 queries | 0.382s | forge Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
9to5Mac 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Android Chrome/OS Guides Android Android Wear Android Auto Nexus Chromebook Google Apps Android TV YouTube Trending in Google Hands on: Mophie Juice Pack battery case for the Google Pixel XL Trending in Google Best Android phones you can buy [June 2017] Trending in Google Hands on with some of the best cases for the Samsung Galaxy S8 Trending in Google Hands-on with 5 Android apps and games you should download in May 2017 [Video] Trending in Google Is the Android O Dev Preview 2 stable enough for your daily driver? Here’s​ our experience so far Trending in Google Hands on with the new features in Android O Dev Preview 2 [Video] May 27 GOOG: 971.47 1.93 This week’s top stories: Google Pixel IMEIs blacklisted, Galaxy S8 Active leak, Snapdragon 835 coming to OnePlus 5, & more Jordan Kahn - May. 27th 2017 10:00 am PT @JordanKahn Android Top Stories View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit In this week’s top stories: Some Google Pixel devices purchased through Project Fi (and then resold) are showing up with their IMEIs blacklisted, we saw the first leaks of the forthcoming Galaxy S8 Active, a new “Personalize Google Photos by choosing your face” prompt is showing up in Google Photos, and more… Best iPhone, iPad, & Apple TV game controllers We kick things off this week looking at an interesting debacle involving Google Pixel devices purchased through Project Fi that are showing up blacklisted, Google Photos starts asking users to identify their face, contacts for Suggested Sharing, and Google 7.3 adds app shortcuts on Android 7.1+, Google Lens icon, and more. Also, the forthcoming OnePlus 5 is confirmed to get the Qualcomm Snapdragon 835, the first HTC U11 samples show up with great low-light performance, and Andy Rubin and Essential tease their upcoming smartphone launch. These and the rest of this week’s top stories below: Android |  Some Google Pixel devices purchased through Project Fi are being blacklisted First Galaxy S8 Active leak reveals no curves and more bezel, same 18:9 display Snapdragon 835 processor confirmed for the OnePlus 5 First HTC U11 camera samples reveal stunning nighttime performance [Gallery] Andy Rubin’s Essential teases announcement of ‘something big’ on May 30th Android Wear | Review: ZTE Quartz is the budget smartwatch to beat [Video] I finally found my favorite Apple Watch band for Android Wear/Gear smartwatches Moto says Android Wear 2.0 is hitting the 2nd gen. Moto 360 ‘as early as today’ Apps | Google Photos starts asking users to identify their face, contacts for Suggested Sharing Google 7.3 adds app shortcuts on Android 7.1+, Google Lens icon, and more [APK Teardown] Hangouts for Android loses SMS support today, these are the best alternatives Keyboard in Google Assistant adds suggestions row w/ full search phrases, replaces Gboard’s Google introduces ‘Family Group’ for sharing Photos, Calendar, YouTube TV, and more Google Voice 5.2 adds useful widgets, including a miniature inbox, and call screening This week’s top videos | Hands-on with 5 Android apps and games you should download in May 2017 [Video] Review: ZTE Blade X Max brings a big screen to Cricket Wireless at a small price [Video] Android vulnerability gives an attacker complete control of device, even when locked [Video] Subscribe to get all 9to5Google’s stories delivered to your inbox daily. And to 9to5Toys for the best deals from around the web. Jordan Kahn @JordanKahn Jordan writes about all things Apple as Senior Editor of 9to5Mac, & contributes to 9to5Google, 9to5Toys, & Electrek.co. He also co-authors 9to5Mac’s weekly Logic Pros series and makes music as one half of Toronto-based Makamachine. Favorite Gear LG 34-inch Widscreen Monitor This gorgeous desk clock is made with vintage Soviet Union Nixie tubes PhotoFast MFi drive w/ Lightning, USB-C, USB-A, micro-USB Guides Android Breaking news for Android. Get the latest on apps, carriers, devices, and more! View THe Guide This week's top stories Get this week's top Android and Google stories. View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options.
CONTENT Reviews Columns Buyer's Guide Cars TECH Android Apple Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Photography Apps Software Wearable MORE Entertainment Science Health Reviews Columns Buyer's Guide Cars Tech   Android Apple Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Photography Apps Software Wearable More   Entertainment Science Health Twitter Google+ Facebook Youtube RSS Search SlashGear Search Google Photo Books can now be designed and ordered on iOS & Android Adam Westlake - May 27, 2017 1 Facebook Twitter Google Reddit Google Photos was one of the big tentpole features to be highlighted at the company’s I/O 2017 keynote last week, and Photo Books were one of the neat new additions to the service. It basically allows users to browse their photo collections and select images to be added to a physical picture album that will be printed and mailed to their door. Now Google has updated their mobile Photos apps, so you can create your photo albums right from an iOS or Android device. The new Photo Books feature went live last week shortly after it was announced, but unfortunately it required users to log into Google Photos on a desktop browser. The update to the Photos app on iOS and Android means that’s no longer a requirement, and it still includes the option to have Google’s AI automatically select and format the best pictures. There’s only two types of book to choose from at this point, unfortunately, but the prices are more than reasonable. A 7-inch by 7-inch softcover album with 20 pages will cost you $10, while 20-page hardcover version measures 9 inches by 9 inches and is priced at $20. The other major downside is that Google is only making these Photo Books available to users in the US. There’s no word yet on when or if Google will open this feature up to other parts of the world, but they hopefully will soon. SOURCE Google Photos Story Timeline Automatic Sharing update to Google Photos couldn't possibly end badly Google announces Android Go, an ultra-light OS for entry devices Everything from the Google I/O 2017 opening keynote Finding and using Google Assistant apps is about to get a lot easier Google Photos' new AI sharing may be creepy, but count me in Tags AndroidAppsgoogleGoogle PhotosiOS Must Read Bits & Bytes Apple’s roadmap allegedly leaked: iPhone 8, Glasses, 2018 MacBook, more Coinbase tipped at $1b valuation as demand for cryptocurrency soars Why DigiByte’s price is soaring: $DGB, Minecraft, Memes, and Citibank Rooting Android phones is no longer cool, it’s a liability Trump pulls US from Paris Agreement: Elon Musk quits councils as tech firms react Latest Headlines Sony tees off first mobile game in Japan Jun 4, 2017 OnePlus 2 will no longer receive updates Jun 4, 2017 SpaceX lands 11th rocket following first launch of reused Dragon capsule Jun 4, 2017 Del.icio.us link-sharing site shuts down after Pinboard acquisition Jun 4, 2017 Essential hit with trademark dispute from Spigen Jun 4, 2017 Latest Reviews HTC U11 Review: You won’t buy this, but you should Jun 1, 2017 Elgato Eve Degree Review: A simple temperature & humidity HomeKit sensor May 31, 2017 Lenovo Thinkpad 13 Review (2017): Cheap and mostly cheerful May 30, 2017 Cinder Grill Review: Sous-vide’s even geekier rival May 29, 2017 Pirates of the Caribbean 5 Review: A bad end to an OK series May 29, 2017 Search © 2005-2017 SlashGear, All Rights Reserved. Site Information About Advertise Tip Us Contact Ethics Statement Privacy Policy Terms of Use Archives Social and Media Google+ Facebook Twitter YouTube RSS Feed Popular Topics Android Apple Cars Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Apps Software Wearable Entertainment Science
Skip to content To Inform is to Influence IO, SC, PD, what's in a name? Menu About Information Operations Holistic Organizers IO, Cyber, SC, PD Community Calendar Name and Shame, Educating the Media Information operations · Information Warfare · Russia Russian Hackers Are Using Google’s Own Infrastructure to Hack Gmail Users May 27, 2017 Joel Harding LORENZO FRANCESCHI-BICCHIERAI May 26 2017, 10:42am Security researchers have exposed a sophisticated hacking and disinformation campaign that targeted more than 200 Gmail users. Russian government hackers seem to have figured out that sometimes the best way to hack into people’s Gmail accounts is be to abuse Google’s own services. On Thursday, researchers exposed a massive Russian espionage and disinformation campaign using emails designed to trick users into giving up their passwords, a technique that’s known as phishing. The hackers targeted more than 200 victims, including, among others, journalists and activists critical of the Russian government, as well as people affiliated with the Ukrainian military, and high-ranking officials in energy companies around the world, according to a new report. Researchers at the Citizen Lab, a digital rights research group at the University of Toronto’s Munk School of Global Affairs, were able to identify all these victims following clues left in two phishing emails sent to David Satter, an American journalist and academic who’s written Soviet and modern Russia, and who has been banned from the country in 2014. On October 7, Satter received a phishing email designed to look like it was coming from Google, claiming someone had stolen his password and that he should change it right away. As with seen with other phishing attacks targeting people affiliated with the Hillary Clinton campaign that led to the DNC leaks of last year, the email, however, didn’t come from Google. It was actually from a group of hackers known as Fancy Bear, or APT28, whom many believe work for Russia’s military intelligence, the GRU. A screenshot of the phishing email received by David Satter (Image: Citizen Lab) The “Change Password” button linked to a short URL from the Tiny.cc link shortener service, a Bitly competitor. But the hackers cleverly disguised it as a legitimate link by using Google’s Accelerated Mobile Pages, or AMP. This is a service hosted by the internet giant that was originally designed to speed up web pages on mobile, especially for publishers. In practice, it works by creating a copy of a website’s page on Google’s servers, but it also acts as an open redirect. According to Citizen Lab researchers, the hackers used Google AMP to trick the targets into thinking the email really came from Google. “It’s a percentage game, you may not get every person you phish but you’ll get a percentage,” John Scott-Railton, a senior researcher at Citizen Lab, told Motherboard. So if the victim had quickly hovered over the button to inspect the link, they would have seen a URL that starts with google.com/amp, which seems safe, and it’s followed by a Tiny.cc URL, which the user might not have noticed. (For example: https://www.google[.]com/amp/tiny.cc/63q6iy) Using Google’s own redirect service was also perhaps also a way to get the phishing email past Gmail’s automated filters against spam and malicious messages. “It’s a percentage game, you may not get every person you phish but you’ll get a percentage.” According to Citizen Lab, who doesn’t directly point the finger at Fancy Bear, the email was actually sent by annaablony[@]mail.com. That address was used in 2015 by Fancy Bear to register a domain, according to security firm ThreatConnect. And another domain used in the October attacks exposed by Citizen Lab was also previously linked to Fancy Bear, according to SecureWorks, which tracked the phishing campaign against the DNC and the Clinton campaign. Curiously, the email targeting Satter came just a few days before Google warned some Russian journalists and activists that “government-backed attackers” were trying to hack them using malicious Tiny.cc links. A screenshot of a phishing email received by a Bellingcat journalist in October Now we know that in October of 2016, when the hackers targeted Satter and at least 200 other people, the trick of using Google AMP was working, and Google hadn’t blocked it. Google has previously dismissed concerns about open redirectors, arguing that “a small number of properly monitored redirectors offers fairly clear benefits and poses very little practical risk.” On Thursday, a company spokesperson said that this is a known issue and last year some Google AMP URLs started showing a warning if the company’s systems are uncertain whether the link is safe to visit, such as this. But for some security researchers, they are dangerous. “The AMP service’s behavior as an open redirect for desktop browsers was clearly abused in this situation and is also just trivial to abuse in general,” Nicholas Weaver, a senior researcher at the International Computer Science Institute at UC Berkeley, told Motherboard in an email. “There is undoubtedly some engineering tradeoff I’m not seeing that causes them to maintain it.” Google’s redirectors might not be the only part of Google’s infrastructure that Fancy Bear hackers have been taking advantage of. Citizen Lab researchers found a Tiny.cc URL that targeted an email address—myprimaryreger[@]gmail.com—that other security researchers suspect was used by Fancy Bear to test their own attacks. A screenshot of the Google Plus page of “myprimaryreger[@]gmail.com,” an account researchers believe was controlled by Fancy Bear (Image: Citizen Lab). That address had a Google Plus page filled with images that appear in real, legitimate Gmail security alerts. It’s unclear what the hackers used these for, or if they used them at all. But the researchers said that perhaps the hackers were embedding them in phishing emails, and the fact that they were hosted on Google Plus perhaps helped thwart Gmail’s security controls. The Fancy Bear hackers are known to use popular services like URL shorteners in their high-profile hacking operations. And, sometimes, those URL shorteners betray them and end up revealing who they targeted. Between March 2015 and May 2016, as part of their operation to hack Clinton’s campaign chairman John Podesta, and former National Security Advisor Colin Powell, the hackers targeted more than 6,000 people with more than 19,000 phishing links. Some of those used Bitly URLs that, as it turned out, could be decoded to figure out who they were intended to. An analysis of the Bitly link used to phish John Podesta (Image: Thomas Rid/Twitter) Similarly, in this case Citizen Lab researchers were able to identify the victims by figuring out that there was a pattern behind how Tiny.cc creates short URLs. That pattern, as research fellow Adam Hulcoop explained to me, “was chronological.” So, starting from the links sent to Satter, the researchers were able to guess other links created around the same time. It’s impossible to know why the hackers keep relying on services like Bitly or Tiny.cc, which end up exposing some of their operations—although months later. One explanation could be that their phishing campaigns are highly automated, given that they target thousands of people. So, as Hulcoop put it, they need a modular phishing infrastructure where every element can be modified if needed, as “an insurance policy of sorts” and they use third party services “to try and balance the need for OpSec [operational security, or the practice of keeping operations secret] with the ability to operate at scale.” “The construction of the Tiny.cc shortcodes pointing to TinyURL shortcodes, which ultimately point to phishing sites on different servers. This modularity is likely by design so that the operator can change up the individual components, servers, redirectors, etc., and only abandon the pieces that are burned,” he said in an online chat. “The more layers you have, the more flexible you can be.” Source: https://motherboard.vice.com/en_us/article/russian-hackers-are-using-googles-own-infrastructure-to-hack-gmail-users Advertisements Share this: Pinterest Tumblr LinkedIn Google Twitter Facebook Email Reddit Print Like this: Like Loading... Related Share this: Pinterest Tumblr LinkedIn Google Twitter Facebook Email Reddit Print Like this: Like Loading... information operations information warfare Russia Post navigation Previous Post Social media fights back against fake news Next Post The Many Faces of a Botnet One thought on “Russian Hackers Are Using Google’s Own Infrastructure to Hack Gmail Users” Pingback: Russia / Strategy Media Update – 28 May 2017 – To Inform is to Influence Leave a Reply Cancel reply Enter your comment here... Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: Email (required) (Address never made public) Name (required) Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Notify me of new comments via email. Notify me of new posts via email. Follow Blog via Email Enter your email address to follow this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. Blogroll Big-Eye News Compilation What do you do? Commercial IOTA Propaganda and Counter-Terrorism RSS Feeds  RSS - Posts  RSS - Comments Search for: My Tweets Putin Threatens Sweden toinformistoinfluence.com/2017/06/04/put… https://t.co/QZJvCj7lwF 6 hours ago Russia actively stoking discord in Macedonia since 2008, intel files say toinformistoinfluence.com/2017/06/04/rus… 7 hours ago Russian Air Defense Officer Found Exactly Where Putin Said He Was Not toinformistoinfluence.com/2017/06/04/rus… https://t.co/IpqTy8U9pP 7 hours ago Centralized Guidance, Decentralized Execution, Russian Propaganda? No, Weekly Standard Editor To “Media” toinformistoinfluence.com/2017/06/04/cen… 9 hours ago Putin’s Russian Guard is True ‘Heir to the NKVD,’ Its Deputy Commander Says toinformistoinfluence.com/2017/06/04/put… https://t.co/qxYqOUBeye 9 hours ago Follow @joel_harding Blog at WordPress.com. Post to Cancel Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. %d bloggers like this: %d bloggers like this:
Tech Search Search Global 500Apple and Amazon Have ‘Joined Foxconn’s Bid For Toshiba’s Chip Business’ VenezuelaThe Airline Standoff in Venezuela is Getting Worse as the Country’s Crisis Deepens aerospace and defenseOculus Founder Palmer Luckey Is Working on a Defense Startup Entrepreneur3 Questions You Should Ask Yourself Before Quitting Your Job Google Google Claims Reporting Wage Data in Gender Suit Is Just Too Hard David Z. Morris May 27, 2017 Apparently Google’s mastery of data doesn’t extend to its own wage information – at least, not when it’s under investigation. During Friday testimony in a Department of Labor suit accusing Google of widespread and systematic wage discrimination against women, the tech giant’s lawyers argued that continued compliance with government demands for salary records would be too expensive and complicated. Google representatives testified that further reporting would take as much as 500 labor-hours and cost $100,000. Get Data Sheet, Fortune’s technology newsletter. As reported by The Guardian, Department of Labor lawyers pushed back against Google's objections, with DoL attorney Ian Eliasoph saying “Google would be able to absorb the cost as easily as a dry kitchen sponge could absorb a single drop of water.” A Google lawyer claimed that the company had already devoted 2,300 labor hours and $500,000 to complying with parts of the government’s requests for records. A Google manager describing the process said that it had required building new systems while reviewing and revising large amounts of data. Over time, those efforts have become “too burdensome.” But DoL lawyers pointed out that Google earns millions of dollars annually from government contracts, which require stringent compliance with equal opportunity laws. The Labor Department also attempted to rebuff Google’s claims that these tasks were too complex because of the size of its workforce. Eliasoph said “Google takes routine requests and makes them sound onerous by emphasizing the number of people involved.” Google's claims of burden are also odd because the company has previously conducted its own in-depth internal analysis of pay practices, which it says found no gender discrimination. In fact, Google says it has closed both gender and race-based pay gaps in its U.S. workforce. On its page devoted to fair pay best practices, Google describes the analysis behind that conclusion as “a complicated process [that] requires advanced statistics skills and could have serious legal implications for your organization.” Customer ServiceSite MapPrivacy PolicyAdvertisingAd ChoicesTerms of UseYour California Privacy RightsCareers © 2017 Time Inc. All rights reserved. All products and services featured are based solely on editorial selection. FORTUNE may receive compensation for some links to products and services on this website. Quotes delayed at least 15 minutes. Market data provided by Interactive Data. ETF and Mutual Fund data provided by Morningstar, Inc. Dow Jones Terms & Conditions: http://www.djindexes.com/mdsidx/html/tandc/indexestandcs.html. S&P Index data is the property of Chicago Mercantile Exchange Inc. and its licensors. All rights reserved. Terms & Conditions. Powered and implemented by Interactive Data Managed Solutions Subscribe Search Home Fortune 500 All Rankings Tech Leadership Venture Fortune Insiders Most Powerful Women Automotive Careers Energy & Environment Executive Travel Finance Health TIME Health International Looking Forward Retail Markets Magazine Newsletters Videos Fortune Conferences Follow FORTUNE Share Share on Facebook Post on Twitter Email this story Share on Reddit Share on Pinterest Share on LinkedIn
自由電子報 | 影音娛樂 | 好康報報 | 自由部落 ‧Business Home Front Page Taiwan News Business Editorials Sports World News Features Bilingual Pages Home / Business Sun, May 28, 2017 - Page 16　News List Print Mail Facebook Twitter plurk funp Apple said to plan dedicated AI chip FUTURE BUSINESS:The company has not been implementing AI aggressively despite its importance in self-driving cars and augmented reality, on which Apple is focusing Bloomberg Apple Inc got an early start in artificial intelligence (AI) software with the 2011 introduction of Siri, a tool that lets users operate their smartphones with voice commands. Now the electronics giant is bringing AI to chips. Apple is working on a processor devoted specifically to AI-related tasks, a person familiar with the matter said. The chip, known internally as the Apple Neural Engine, would improve the way Apple devices handle tasks that would otherwise require human intelligence, such as facial and speech recognition, said the person, who requested anonymity discussing a product that has not been made public. Apple declined to comment. Engineers at Apple are racing to catch their peers at Amazon.com Inc and Alphabet Inc in the booming field of AI. While Siri gave Apple an early advantage in voice-recognition, competitors have been more aggressive in deploying AI across their product lines, including Amazon’s Echo and Google’s Home digital assistants. “Two of the areas that Apple is betting its future on require AI,” said Gene Munster, former Apple analyst and cofounder of venture capital firm Loup Ventures. “At the core of augmented reality and self-driving cars is artificial intelligence.” Apple devices handle complex AI processes with two different chips: the main processor and the graphics chip. The new chip would let Apple offload those tasks onto a dedicated module designed specifically for demanding AI processing, allowing Apple to improve battery performance. Should Apple bring the chip out of testing and development, it would follow other semiconductor makers that have already introduced dedicated AI chips. Qualcomm Inc’s Snapdragon chip for smartphones has a module for handling AI tasks, while Google announced its first chip, called the Tensor Processing Unit, last year. That chip worked in Google’s data centers to power search results and image recognition. At its I/O conference this year, Google announced a new version that is to be available to clients of its cloud business. Nvidia Corp also sells a similar chip to cloud customers. Apple has tested prototypes of new iPhones with the chip, the person with knowledge of the matter said, adding that it is unclear if the component will be ready this year. The company’s operating systems and software features would integrate with devices that include the chip. For example, Apple has considered offloading facial recognition in the photographs application, some parts of speech recognition, and the iPhone’s predictive keyboard to the chip, the person said. Apple also plans to offer developer access to the chip so third-party apps can also offload AI-related tasks, the person said. An AI chip would join a growing list of processors that Apple has created in-house. The company began designing its own main processors for the iPhone and iPad in 2010 with the A4 chip. It has since released dedicated processors to power the Apple Watch, the motion sensors across its products, the wireless components inside of its AirPods and the fingerprint scanner in the MacBook Pro. The company has also tested a chip to run the low-power mode on Mac laptops. This story has been viewed 2118 times. Comments will be moderated. Remarks containing abusive and obscene language, personal attacks of any kind or promotion will be removed and the user banned. Print Mail facebook twitter plurk funp TOP Most Popular Listing from 2017-05-29 to 2017-06-05 Most read Most e-mailed 1 Toy gun maker sent to prison 2 Torrential rain floods northern areas 3 League might soon be linked to KMT 4 Beijing’s handling of Lee’s case is backfiring 5 Father George Martinson dies MORE  1 Torrential rain floods northern areas 2 Toy gun maker sent to prison 3 Extension requested for 228 claimants 4 Father George Martinson dies 5 Regulations stifling tech industry: TCA chairman MORE  Home Front Page Taiwan News Business Editorials Sports World News Features Bilingual Pages Subscribe‧Advertise‧Employment‧About Us‧Contact Us‧ RSS Copyright © 1999-2017 The Taipei Times. All rights reserved.
Navigation Menu Social Media News Social Media News Social Media Help Facebook Help Twitter Help Google+ Help LinkedIn Help Instagram Help Pinterest Help Youtube Help Technology Technology News Tech Tips Apps & Software Gadgets Tablets Apple Kindle Samsung Internet Search Engine News Web Bing Google Yahoo Business Advertising Blogging Development Start Ups Mobile Android Blackberry iPhone Reviews Windows Phone Infographics Follow us on Twitter Follow us on Facebook Subscribe To Rss Feed Follow Us On Google+ Home » Google takes on Giphy with a new tool that turns your data into GIFs Google takes on Giphy with a new tool that turns your data into GIFs Home » Apps & Software » Google takes on Giphy with a new tool that turns your data into GIFs Posted By Ola Ric on May 27, 2017 | 0 comments Share the joy                   Credit: https://datagifmaker.withgoogle.com/edit Google wants to turn your boring data into breathtaking GIFs with the launch of a new tool. Data editor at Google News, Simon Rogers, said the new tool will let you turn difficult number charts into more entertaining GIF illustrations. Data GIF Maker as Google calls its new tool, will allow you to set your desired parameters and transform them into data visuals. Journalists, according to Rogers, will find Data GIF Maker highly reliable when telling their stories. As a matter of fact, it is a tool that will benefit virtually every use—and not just journalists. What use can the animations made from the new tool be to you? You can use them for a lot of things, including storytelling approaches as a journalist. Here is more information on what you can do with Data GIF Maker as described in a blog post by Rogers: “We typically use the tool to represent competing search interest, but it can show whatever you want it to—polling numbers, sales figures, movie ratings, etc. If you want to show search interest, you can compare two terms in the Google Trends explore tool, which will give you an average number (of search interest over time) for each term. Then input those two numbers in Data Gif Maker.” As expected, it’s an online tool that works on your browser, and takes only a few minutes to make your GIF. You can download your GIF as soon as you have finished making it, and of course, use or share it as you wish. Here is a summary of how to use the new online tool: The first step is to start by entering your data points. Next is to choose names for the points of comparison in question. Then, select colors for each of your data entry. And of course, you also need to add explanatory text. Finally, you will have to click ‘Download as GIF’ to generate the images. The steps are obviously very easy to follow, and making your first set of GIFs using the new tool from Google shouldn’t be a difficult task for anyone. You can head up to this Google blog to make your first GIF. Is this Google’s way of competing with Giphy? I don’t really think so, but it presents us with another alternative when it comes to making animated GIFs. In other Google news, an Archive feature has now been added to Google Photos to enable you hide your private photos. Archive will let you remove those private images from the main Photo tab without getting rid of them from your library. Not everyone has seen the new Archive feature yet—and the last time I checked, it wasn’t there. However, the report went on to say that the Archive option is placed in the drawer above Trash. You can access Archive from the overflow menu of any picture—and of course, it comes with a tutorial popping up the first time you open it. Share the joy                 Share this: Reddit Email Facebook Skype Twitter Tumblr Google LinkedIn More Pinterest Author: Ola Ric Ola Ric is a professional tech writer. He has written and provided tons of published articles for professionals and private individuals. He is also a social commentator and analyst, with relevant experience in the use of social media services. Share This Post On Google Facebook Twitter Search SocialBarrel.com Search for: Subscribe! Our Sponsor Create your online store with WixStores! Our Sponsor Recent From Social Media News Facebook Instant Articles Is Now Compatible With Apple News and Google AMP Jun 4, 2017 Reddit users will now be able to add location to any mobile post Jun 1, 2017 Twitter rolls out filters to help keep strangers off your DM May 31, 2017 Essential Phone is official and brought by the Android creator May 30, 2017 Snapchat now requires you to activate location services when using basic features May 29, 2017 Advertisement Home About us Our Team Privacy Contact Write for us Advertise With Us! A Venture Geeks project Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Movies & TV Science & Tech Big on the Internet Store Videos Comics Space Gaming Contributors About Search Menu Subscribe Login Wonder Woman Isn't a Typical 'Strong Female Character,' and That's Why She's Great What If Rose Quartz Is Actually a Villain? Meet the 'Immigrant' Mexican Jesus Christ from American Gods Some Japanese Men Want Men-Only Train Cars Because Something Wasn't About Them for a Minute Mike Pence Claims Climate Change Is Only an Issue For The Left, Is Just Totally Phoning It in Now Google Says It’s Too Expensive to Investigate Wage Discrimination Because who cares what it costs women? by Marykate Jasper | 12:25 pm, May 27th, 2017   Google, whose parent company made $6.8 billion in pre-tax profits this past quarter alone, has claimed it would be “financially burdensome” for their HR team to spend $100,000 to comply with a federal wage discrimination lawsuit. The company is currently being investigated by the Department of Labor for “systemic compensation disparities” between men and women. And according to a report in The Guardian, its lawyers argued that it should not have to provide wage data as part of the lawsuit, because the effort of pulling the data together would be too expensive, costing $100,000 and requiring 500 hours of labor. The money element is genuinely laughable. Ian Eliasoph, a lawyer for the Department of Labor, openly mocked the claim in court. “Google would be able to absorb the cost as easy as a dry kitchen sponge could absorb a single drop of water,” he said. Plus, based on the latest data from Pew Research Center, Google has likely already robbed women of far more than 500 hours worth of labor. Pew’s 2015 numbers showed that, on average, “it would take an extra 44 days of work for women to earn what men did in 2015.” Assuming a (charitable) 7.5-hour work day, that’s 330 hours per employee per year. Google would only have to wage-discriminate against two women employees per year at the national average in order to ride their way to 500 free hours of labor. Honestly, though, the math isn’t even the most absurd part of this claim. It’s the reversal of the victim dynamic. What Alphabet’s lawyers are arguing is that the real victim here would be Google. Women should expect to be robbed in the name of sexism, but a company can’t be expected to check up on its labor practices to ensure equality. Wage discrimination is a burden women can bear; the cost of fair labor practices, though, is a burden the company cannot. The Department of Labor initially sued Google in January 2017 for failing to comply with its obligations as a federal contractor. Back in September of 2015, Google was asked to submit its compensation data as part of a routine compliance evaluation. However, they repeatedly failed to do so over the next year and a half, and so the Department of Labor filed a suit. In an official statement, the Acting Director of the Office of Federal Contract Compliance Programs, Thomas M. Dowd, said, “Like other federal contractors, Google has a legal obligation to provide relevant information requested in the course of a routine compliance evaluation. Despite many opportunities to produce this information voluntarily, Google has refused to do so. We filed this lawsuit so we can obtain the information we need to complete our evaluation.” It’s worth noting the racial dynamics of this as well. Google’s workforce is overwhelmingly white and Asian, which would usually mean that the wage gap should be smaller and less noticeable. Nationally, black women and Latinx women suffer the most from the wage gap, while white women’s earnings now outpace those of black and Hispanic workers of all genders. Meanwhile, Asian women overall face the smallest wage gap among women as compared to white, non-Hispanic men – but these overall numbers definitely mask the very high wage gaps for groups like Burmese, Indonesian, Pakistani, Fijian, and Vietnamese women. (However, given their other labor practices, I’m willing to guess that Google mostly hires its Asian worker population from those groups that are already more advantaged.) Now, in fairness to Google, lawyers are paid to make ridiculous “undue burden” arguments like this one. It’s part of their job to defend their client, and Google isn’t unique in this. However, the company’s resistance to turning over their salary information tells me all I need to know: they know it won’t look good. Looks like it’s time to update that retired company motto. “Don’t be evil – to white men.” (Via The Guardian and Business Insider; image via Shutterstock) Want more stories like this? Become a subscriber and support the site! —The Mary Sue has a strict comment policy that forbids, but is not limited to, personal insults toward anyone, hate speech, and trolling.— Follow The Mary Sue Follow @TheMarySue Like us on Facebook filed under alphabet, Google, politics, US Department of Labor, wage discrimination, wage gap What's Popular Mirror, Mirror, On the Wall – Which Man Wrote the Worst Wonder Woman Review of All? 10 Best Romances in Non-Romance Movies and TV Wonder Woman Isn’t a Typical “Strong Female Character,” and That’s Why She’s Great You Can Stream the Steven Universe Soundtrack Right Now! Things We Saw Today: Little Girls Dressed up for Wonder Woman‘s Opening Weekend Tips Have a tip or story idea? Email us. Or to keep it anonymous, click here. « Previous Post Next Post » © 2017 The Mary Sue, LLC | About Us | Advertise | Subscription FAQ | Privacy | User Agreement | Disclaimer | Contact |  RSS Dan Abrams, Founder Mediaite The Mary Sue RunwayRiot LawNewz Gossip Cop
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us ... Google is now offering four free months of Google Play Music for new subscribers Ryne Hager Follow View All Posts 2017/05/26 2:17pm PDTMay 26, 2017 82 Plus 1 on G+ 614 Share on Facebook 102 Share on Twitter Total Shares798 Google News Right now it looks like Google is running a special offer for Google Play Music. New subscribers that sign up here can get four free months of service instead of the usual three. No telling how long this offer might last, so if you have been considering subscribing, now might be the time to do it. It could save you an extra $10. Again, this particular offer is only for new subscribers. I've been a fan of Play Music for a long time, though the device removal limit does get in the way when you switch between devices and ROMs as often as I do. Being able to mix your own library with those of a service also comes in handy. That way I can continue to support artists I am passionate about, without eschewing the larger selection of a subscription offering for the purposes of content discovery, all while being able to fill the gaps in that library. There are a lot of different music services out there, but if you're interested combining your curated library with music available via a subscription, then your options are limited. Spotify does allow you to play back locally stored files, which is convenient, but it isn't quite the same. Amazon also allows you to upload your music for playback via Amazon Music, and with Amazon Prime membership, you get a small library of streaming music to go along with that. For $10 a month ($8 for Prime members) you can access their full library as well. But, Google Play Music has a great interface and plugs nicely into all the other Google services we love. Maybe with this new offer, it's time you gave Google Play Music a chance? After all, even if it doesn't end up working out, you still got four free months of music out of the deal. Source: Google Play Music Tags google play music play music promo special offer subscription subscription music subscribe ... Previous Story OnePlus starts a referral program just in time for the OnePlus 5 ... Next Story [Update: Now $75 Off] Deal Alert: Pixel 32GB (international version) is $50 off on eBay Trending 78 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 88 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 Comments Ailín Ó’S Tried the code in Ireland, Britain and Greece and it works, glad to see it works in Europe too! Carson Saldanha Wait, wdym 3 different countries? Did you share it with others or something? Ailín Ó’S I live in Ireland, so that's my main account. I have a secondary account based in England as part of a mail forwarder service I use, and my bf is Greek so I had him check the code on his account :) Carson Saldanha Oh wow! Carson Saldanha Hey, since I know it worked for you, are you able to use YouTube Red along with this Play Music free trial? Because my YT Red doesn't seem to be enabled for me. Ailín Ó’S No, unfortunately not as I live in the EU and YouTube Red is only available in USA. Carson Saldanha Weird, I'm in the US though. Ailín Ó’S Ooh that is odd. Sign out of the app then sign back in maybe? Carson Saldanha No luck :( I'm in contact with Google support atm Hopefully they can sort this out Mike Worth it alone for Youtube Red MisterAlex Sweet, I wasn't sure if that was included. Thanks. Should mention that in the main blog post. Ben Still no student membership >:( Ailín Ó’S Spotify is a great alternative @€$£5/month. Ben I know that's what I use just because it's half the price. Ailín Ó’S In Ireland Vodafone have a partnership with Spotify whereby it costs €5 standard instead of €10 regardless of if you're a student or not, they even bundle it with some of their plans. Vodafone do the same in some other countries they operate in (not all). Maybe see if any network in your country has a partnership like that? Worth a shot! Ben Oh yeah I'm on EE in the UK and I've got Apple Music for free for 6 months but like iTunes is a massive stinking turd. Ailín Ó’S I'd rather go back to the days of getting music via Bluetooth from friends than use crApple Music 😂😂 Rahul Krishna In india, we have play music for 1.4 usd/month Umang Ladia I'm only seeing 2 months offer in India.?? Rahul Krishna Well I subscribed to it when it launched here (about 2 months ago), so I can't confirm that. But at this price, there is nothing to be disappointed about. aRvInD I wish Spotify launches soon here. I can't keep using that patched version here...!! Rahul Krishna Me too xyz As it should be, you can't charge European or American prices in India. Rahul Krishna Yes true. There are lots​ of people here with a very cheap Android phone. They cannot pay much money. Julian Coronado That's actually what's keeping me away from Play Music. I've used my free months and I loved the Youtube Red too. But as a student, Spotify for $5 / month is too great to pass up on. Emiliejmosley Google is paying 97$ per hour! Work for few hours & have longer with friends and family! !sm141c: On tuesday I got a great new Land Rover Range Rover from having earned $8752 this last four weeks.. Its the most-financialy rewarding I've had.. Follow this link for more information !sm141c: ➽➽ ➽➽;➽➽ http://GoogleFinancialCashJobs431ShopRichGetPaid$97/Hour... ★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫::::::!sm141c:....,..... Cakefish Spotify ftw ToniCipriani ✓pǝᴉɟᴉɹǝʌ I don't think this is a new offer, got this a while back. In fact my 4 months is expiring next week. Prefer Spotify over it. Song selection a tad bit weaker, and for foreign songs it tries to translate the song names to English and makes it hard to look up. folkrav I like it, it's way cheaper than Spotify for me - my mother, my sister, my wife and myself each pay 30$ a year and we're set - but Jesus do I hate the clients. I don't like the website's interface, I hate the Android app. But yeah, I'll deal with it cause it's cheap, I guess. Carson Saldanha Got it! Yay! Jim I wish I could somehow get it on my Amazon Echo hahaha. I guess if I had paid for a Google Home it would be worth trying out. Forget vega #getEVGA Why google play music isn't available in my country ? Ailín Ó’S Try Apple Music? They seem to be just about everywhere. Iamsecond And this is why Apple continue to dominate, because Apple are truly interested in being an international company whereas Google is just playing at it. Such a shame xyz Because Google sucks. Bartek Juszczak My GPM radio's are so good these days I love that Google is so into AI. Whether It's just "I'm being lucky" or radio from a specific song, band or album they very rarely disappoint me these days. I just make sure to thumbs up if it plays a song I particularly love. I am a student and could go cheaper with spotify but the AI generated playlists have me locked in. If it's £5 cheaper but I'm not gonna enjoy it nearly as much then it's not really a good deal. AndTheWorldMayNeverKnow I used the 3 or 4 months free trial during the holidays then bought the family plan for $14.99 a month. 4 people in my family us it and it works great, the app could use some tweaks but it's really good overall. paev If you listen to main stream music it doesn't really matter what service to use. However, if you like something unusual, weird or other languages then Google is a way to go. I found bands on Google music that Spotify displayed as not found. Google also have new synth bands that Spotify doesn't. I'm for Google too. Daniel I discovered that GPM is kinda like a music label. I once went to a section of Google play explaining how indie artists can use GPM like a music label as long as they own all their rights. Ryne Hager Ultraista (among others) keeps me using Google Play Music as well as Spotify. Carson Saldanha Does anyone else who activated the Play Music trial have YouTube Red working as well? My YT Red doesn't seem to be enabled while my Play Music is. Michael Carr I spotted a similar offer a couple of months ago, and I took it after a day or two's thought. Just last week, I moved directly into a family plan. PewPewYoureDead It's hard to recommend Google Play Music until they revamp the UI. Margaritas Ante Porcos Google Music is the only choice in some markets, like Russia, where no Spotify or Pandora are available. There are too many shortcomings in Google Music and Google never shows interest in making services better than below average. I really wonder why Google refuses to become the best at anything. Real magic here. Pixel syndrome all the way. Yet Google Music is on my phone and I use it because there's no choice whatsoever. Rob You answered your own question. If there's no alternative, then they don't have any incentive to improve the service. SupahNin10doh Stupid Dorito logo... Raymond Berger Huh, I just subscribed to the trial but you youtube red hasn't kicked in yet. Any idea how long it takes? Iamsecond If you live in the UK, about 2 years so far h20ray Google Play Music is currently available in select territories and for select account types. Umang Ladia I'm only seeing 2 months offer in India, anybody can confirm? Mohammad Ovais Yeah, same for me. Maybe it's region limited. Isolde I think you need to open the link in a browser, if you open it in the app it's just the normal 2 months. bligui Confirmed need to open it from link and it works Manoj | Blogging Triggers Is Google Music really worth to it? We have better alternatives Sathiya Moorthy Karan I came across a great post, it seems to be so cool http://developeit.net/android-news-image-scanner-finder/ Zachariah Mann It only shows up as 2 free months for me. I live in Michigan. https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/a19b7e9dddb67bf897c751aedf63c01917048214140db901fd783b2182d8d5c0.png Jefferson Rodrigues https://play.google.com/music/listen?coupon=120DFREE&coupontype=vanity#/sulp Zachariah Mann That link still brought me to the same page on the Play Music App which offers 2 months free. Does it matter if I'm opening it on a computer or web page? Jefferson Rodrigues I don't know. Mikael Jakobsson Should mabye joine premium at Google Music if that coste like $2 max a month dont understand why they should take as mutch as someone some has app or Win32 software to PC so music controllers one they keyboards works. Tab out frome a game for pause music when the round is over is just bad. Arif Gürü And stil isnt available on Turkey xyz "No telling how long this offer might last, so if you have been considering subscribing, now might be the time to do it." No thanks, I'll just use YouTube. Only thing YT needs is an option to play audio only so I can save a wee bit more data when I don't need video. Cai Copley Nope. If it wasn't for the fact work pays for Spotify Premium and the fact Spotify has Crossfade to emulate a DJ system, maybe I'd give it a whirl. bligui Not working any more to bad Follow Android Police 1.49M 472k 145k 119k Latest Deals 9 [Deal Alert] Chromecast Ultra is $59.99 ($10 off) at Google Store, Best Buy, B&H and others 2017/06/04 12:16pm PDTJun 4, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] Google Home is $109 ($20 off) at Best Buy, Google Store, B&H, and others 2017/06/04 10:07am PDTJun 4, 2017 12 [Deal Alert] Kick off the weekend with 24 temporarily free and 52 on-sale apps 2017/06/03 6:50pm PDTJun 3, 2017 18 [Deal Alert] Get a Nextbit Robin for $129.99 on eBay 2017/06/03 9:39am PDTJun 3, 2017 33 [Deal Alert] A Stork's Journey is currently free on Google Play Movies & TV 2017/06/01 10:50pm PDTJun 1, 2017 Latest Poll How many photos are on your Google Photos account? Under 100 100-999 1,000-2,499 2,500-4,999 5,000-9,999 10,000-19,999 20,000-39,999 More than 40,000. View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 67 Asus ZenFone 3 Zoom review: A promising phone that falls victim to bad software and cut corners 2017/05/31 2:21pm PDTMay 31, 2017 113 AOSPA (Paranoid Android) review: back from the dead, and we're thrilled 2017/05/31 9:47am PDTMay 31, 2017 29 Tag Heuer Connected Modular 45 review: It seems like $1,500 should get you more 2017/05/29 9:57am PDTMay 29, 2017 74 [Update, G+ Post] Francisco Franco makes his productivity timer 5217 free to try 2017/05/16 10:01am PDTMay 16, 2017 290 HTC U11 hands-on: HTC gets a little closer to the mark 2017/05/16 12:02am PDTMay 16, 2017 Latest Roundups 13 29 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/24/17 - 5/31/17) 2017/05/31 10:20am PDTMay 31, 2017 8 10 new and notable Android apps from the last week (5/23/17 - 5/29/17) 2017/05/29 12:49pm PDTMay 29, 2017 13 31 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/17/17 - 5/23/17) 2017/05/23 3:06pm PDTMay 23, 2017 16 12 new and notable Android apps and live wallpapers from the last week (5/16/17 - 5/22/17) 2017/05/22 12:48pm PDTMay 22, 2017 16 29 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/10/17 - 5/16/17) 2017/05/16 4:22pm PDTMay 16, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 18 Boost for Reddit removed from Play Store for alleged promotion of drugs, still not back after a week 2017/06/04 4:25pm PDTJun 4, 2017 112 Weekend poll: How many photos are synced to your Google Photos account? 2017/06/04 3:44pm PDTJun 4, 2017 28 Tasker beta v5 brings a fresh Material Design look and a huge list of other changes 2017/06/03 7:27pm PDTJun 3, 2017 12 [Deal Alert] Kick off the weekend with 24 temporarily free and 52 on-sale apps 2017/06/03 6:50pm PDTJun 3, 2017 76 Samsung uploads its Device Maintenance tool to the Play Store 2017/06/03 6:01pm PDTJun 3, 2017 Blast from the Past 60 1 Year Ago Today More Motorola Leaks: 'Style Mod' Replaceable Covers For The Moto X/Z And DROID Come In A Variety Of Materials 2016/06/04 12:27pm PDTJun 4, 2016 40 2 Years Ago Today Chrome Beta v44 Comes With Improvements To 'Native App' And 'Add To Homescreen' Banners, New Push API Features, And More [APK Download] 2015/06/04 5:14pm PDTJun 4, 2015 129 3 Years Ago Today YouTube v5.7 For Android Finally Lets You Select Exact Streaming Quality, As Long As It's 720p Or Lower [APK Download] 2014/06/04 6:16pm PDTJun 4, 2014 3 4 Years Ago Today Google Posts Glass XE6 Factory Image For Your Flashing Pleasure 2013/06/04 8:31pm PDTJun 4, 2013 16 5 Years Ago Today [Update: Pre-Orders Are Live] Sprint Announces The Galaxy S III Available June 21, Pre-Orders Start June 5 - $199 For 16GB, $249 For 32GB 2012/06/04 10:55pm PDTJun 4, 2012 327 6 Years Ago Today [Book Giveaway #2] Looking To Get Into Android Development? We're Giving Away "Hello, Android" To A Lucky Reader 2011/06/04 7:16pm PDTJun 4, 2011 2 7 Years Ago Today HTC EVO 4G OTA Update Comes Out In Time For Launch, Fixes SD Card Problems, Patches Security Issues, But Disables Root - Available Via WiFi As Well 2010/06/04 6:44pm PDTJun 4, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 112 Weekend poll: How many photos are synced to your Google Photos account? 2017/06/04 3:44pm PDTJun 4, 2017 35 It's not just you—there's a widespread Google Home outage 2017/06/04 12:04pm PDTJun 4, 2017 61 Samsung opens up its browser to some non-Samsung devices on the Play Store 2017/06/04 10:30am PDTJun 4, 2017 29 Motorola rolling out Android 7.1.1 to the Moto Z Play 2017/06/04 8:45am PDTJun 4, 2017 18 Boost for Reddit removed from Play Store for alleged promotion of drugs, still not back after a week 2017/06/04 4:25pm PDTJun 4, 2017 Last 7 Days 28 Google Photos v2.16 prepares to upgrade the camera shortcut, suggest photos to archive, and more [APK Teardown + Download] 2017/05/31 11:36pm PDTMay 31, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] Here are 38 temporarily free and 72 on-sale apps, plus both 0.10 Apps of the Week 2017/05/31 2:08pm PDTMay 31, 2017 501 [Update: New details plus Andy Rubin interview] The Essential phone is official, with an edge-to-edge display and the world's smallest 360-degree camera accessory 2017/05/30 7:48am PDTMay 30, 2017 76 Samsung uploads its Device Maintenance tool to the Play Store 2017/06/03 6:01pm PDTJun 3, 2017 24 Plex Live TV is now available for all Plex Pass subscribers, tuner required 2017/06/01 6:00am PDTJun 1, 2017 Last 30 Days 78 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 88 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 28 Google Photos v2.16 prepares to upgrade the camera shortcut, suggest photos to archive, and more [APK Teardown + Download] 2017/05/31 11:36pm PDTMay 31, 2017 94 The Play Store adopts new app and notification icons with v7.8.16 [APK Download] 2017/05/10 6:25pm PDTMay 10, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Advertise | Contact 117 queries | 0.313s | forge Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
Features Reviews Phones Android iPhone Windows Phone Apps Computers Laptops Lenovo Tablets Windows Tutorials Events More Audio Crowfunding Design/Concepts Gadgets Gaming General Photo/Video Web Ubergizmo in French Ubergizmo in German Ubergizmo in Italian Ubergizmo in Spanish 4 Months Free Google Play Music For New Subscribers By Tyler Lee on 05/27/2017 08:37 PDT With so many different music streaming services to choose from, it is understandable that sometimes it can feel a bit overwhelming. However the good news is that Google is now offering new subscribers a 4 month free trial which means that if you’re curious as to whether or not Google Play Music is a good fit for you, you’ve got 4 months to try it out. Note that the 4 month trial is longer than some of the competition, namely Apple Music which is only offering users a 3 month free trial. In fact in some countries Apple has actually started to charge their users a $0.99 fee to take part in the trial, so for some users this trial isn’t even free at all. However we should point out that Google’s offer is only for new subscribers, meaning that if you’ve never signed up for a Google Play Music account/trial before, then only can you participate. If you’ve taken part in the previous trial then we guess you’d be out of luck. Then again the previous trial was for 3 months and we’re not sure if the extra month really makes a difference in coming to a decision. There’s no word on how long this offer will last or if it is permanent, however Google’s website states that it is a special offer so perhaps it might not be permanent. More details can be found on the Play Store. Filed in Audio. Read more about Google and Music. Related Articles 2017-06-02 Google Beefs Up Gmail’s Security 2017-06-01 Chrome Will Start Blocking ‘Annoying’ Ads In 2018 2017-06-01 Google’s Speech Recognition Is Reportedly As Accurate As Humans 2017-06-01 Android Pay Desktop Payments May Be Possible One Day 2017-05-31 Google Will Be Abandoning The Nik Collection 2017-04-28 Google Search On iOS Shows Movie And Music Streaming Services 2017-04-21 Google Play Music Will Be Default Music App On Samsung Devices 2017-03-16 Google Play Music Update Adds WiFi Streaming Quality Options 2017-02-09 Google Merging YouTube Music And Play Music Teams Together Amazon’s Alexa Almost Served Up Porn To A Toddler Apple To Charge For AirPods Battery Service Even Under Warranty Original Unopened First-Gen iPod Spotted On eBay For $200,000 Technical Issues Could Be The Reason Behind Apple’s AirPods Delay User Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments
Just In 7mins CNN anchor assumes Indian-American spelling bee champion could read Sanskrit 27mins CBI conducts raids at properties of NDTV founder Prannoy Roy 35mins 22 charred to death as bus catches fire after collision with truck in Bareily 46mins Trump under fire for criticising Sadiq Khan after bridge attacks 1hr Steering clear of Pakistan, China says counter-terrorism is a global responsibility 1hr Saudi Arabia, Bahrain, Egypt and UAE cut diplomatic ties with Qatar as Gulf rift deepens 2hrs One jawan killed in Maoist ambush near Kandhamal 3hrs Fidayeen attack foiled in Bandipora; 4 militants killed Top 10 stories of June 4, 2017 Trump believes climate is changing, says Nikki Haley NIA continues terror-fund searches in J&K CBSE asks private schools for data on fee structure to curb overcharging China copter in Indian skies? Vicky Kaushal to star opposite Alia in Meghna Gulzar’s next ‘Time to change counterterror strategy’, says British PM Theresa May, following London Bridge Attack Home News National International States Cities Opinion Cartoon Columns Editorial Interview Lead Readers' Editor Comment Open Page Letters Business Agri-Business Industry Economy Markets Budget Stock Quotes Sport Cricket Football Hockey Tennis Athletics Motorsport Races Other Sports Entertainment Art Dance Movies Music Reviews Theatre Life & Style Fashion Fitness Food Motoring Travel Homes and gardens Society Faith History & Culture Books Reviews Authors Sci-Tech Science Technology Health Agriculture Environment Gadgets Internet thREAD AI acquisitions accelerate as technology giants seek to build smart start-ups Share On JUST IN 7mins CNN anchor assumes Indian-American spelling bee champion could read Sanskrit 27mins CBI conducts raids at properties of NDTV founder Prannoy Roy 35mins 22 charred to death as bus catches fire after collision with truck in Bareily 46mins Trump under fire for criticising Sadiq Khan after bridge attacks 1hr Steering clear of Pakistan, China says counter-terrorism is a global responsibility 1hr Saudi Arabia, Bahrain, Egypt and UAE cut diplomatic ties with Qatar as Gulf rift deepens 2hrs One jawan killed in Maoist ambush near Kandhamal 3hrs Fidayeen attack foiled in Bandipora; 4 militants killed Top 10 stories of June 4, 2017 Trump believes climate is changing, says Nikki Haley NIA continues terror-fund searches in J&K CBSE asks private schools for data on fee structure to curb overcharging China copter in Indian skies? Vicky Kaushal to star opposite Alia in Meghna Gulzar’s next ‘Time to change counterterror strategy’, says British PM Theresa May, following London Bridge Attack CLOSE Business Agri-Business Industry Economy Markets Budget Stock Quotes Chennai Silks fire: The story till now Business Business AI acquisitions accelerate as technology giants seek to build smart start-ups Reuters SAN FRANCISCO, May 27, 2017 21:03 IST Updated: May 27, 2017 21:03 IST Share Article PRINT A A A Tech hunt: Firms are locked in a bidding war for academics specialising in artificial intelligence.   Reuters SAN FRANCISCO, May 27, 2017 21:03 IST Updated: May 27, 2017 21:03 IST more-in Alphabet’s Google has led the pack, followed by Apple, Facebook and Intel A total of 34 artificial intelligence start-ups were acquired in the first quarter of this year, more than twice the amount of activity in the year-ago quarter, research firm CB Insights said. Tech giants seeking to reinforce their leads in artificial intelligence or make up for lost ground have been the most aggressive buyers. Alphabet Inc.’s Google has acquired 11 AI start-ups since 2012, the most of any firm, followed by Apple Inc., Facebook Inc., and Intel Corp., respectively. The companies declined to comment on their acquisition strategies. A spokesman for Apple did confirm the company’s recent purchase of Lattice Data, a start-up that specializes in working with unstructured data. Ford Motor The first quarter also saw one of the largest deals to date as Ford Motor Co. invested $1 billion in Argo AI, founded by former executives on self-driving teams at Google and Uber Technologies Inc. Start-ups are looking to go deep on applications of artificial intelligence to specific fields, such as health and retail, industry observers say, rather than compete directly with established companies. What you will see is very big players will build platform services, and start-up communities will migrate more to applied intelligent apps, said Matt McIlwain, managing director of Madrona Venture Group. Healthcare start-up Forward, for example, is using artificial intelligence to crunch data that can inform doctors recommendations. For people who really want to focus on core AI problems, it makes a lot of sense to be in bigger companies, said Forward CEO Adrian Aoun, who previously worked at Google. But for folks who really want to prove a new field, a new area, it makes more sense to be separate. AI companies that do remain independent field a steady stream of suitors: Matthew Zeiler, CEO of Clarifai, which specializes in image and video recognition, said he has been approached about a dozen times by prospective acquirers since starting the firm in 2013. Clarifai’s pitch to customers such as consumer goods company Unilever Plc. and hotel search firm Trivago is bolstered by its narrow focus on artificial intelligence. “(Google) literally competes with almost every company on the planet,” he said. “Are you going to trust them with being your partner for AI?” Tech giants have been locked in a bidding war for academics specializing in artificial intelligence. A company with a specialised mission can win over recruits, said Vic Gundotra, chief executive of AliveCor, which makes an AI-driven portable heart monitor. “They say, I want to come here and work on a project that might save my mother’s life,” Mr. Gundotra said. More In Industry Business computing and information technology merger, acquisition and takeover Related Articles << Previous Story BMW, Audi cut car prices ahead of GST roll out Next Story >> Odisha’s biggest integrated steel plant commissioned Please Wait while comments are loading... This article is closed for comments. Please Email the Editor Printable version | Jun 5, 2017 10:49:39 AM | http://www.thehindu.com/business/ai-acquisitions-accelerate-as-technology-giants-seek-to-build-smart-start-ups/article18591034.ece © The Hindu Switch it up this year: Buy in May, till November stay Some are bullish on the healthy global economic outlook Reuters Top Picks in The Hindu today Visakhapatnam is sitting on a pollution bomb When cops joined hands to build houses for ailing underprivileged persons The 10 facts you need to know about ISRO’s GSLV-Mk III RTI unearths a hidden wedding Women to get combat role in Army What to expect at Apple’s 2017 developers' conference Faster, higher, smoother Google doodles Nutan’s expressions Google to pay $200,000 in hunt for Android bugs Four jawans scale Everest without oxygen support Close X Next Story >> Odisha’s biggest integrated steel plant commissioned CLOSE THIS MENU TRENDING TODAY Chennai Hyderabad Bengaluru Videos Entertainment Today's Paper ePaper News National International Elections Goa 2017 Uttar Pradesh 2017 Uttarakhand 2017 Punjab 2017 Manipur 2017 Business Agri-Business Industry Economy Markets Budget States Andhra Pradesh Karnataka Kerala Tamil Nadu Telangana Other States Cities Bengaluru Chennai Coimbatore Delhi Hyderabad Kochi Kolkata Mumbai Kozhikode Madurai Mangaluru Puducherry Thiruvananthapuram Tiruchirapalli Vijayawada Visakhapatnam Opinion Editorial Lead Comment Columns Interview Cartoon Open Page Readers' Editor Letters Sport Athletics Cricket Football Hockey Motorsport Other Sports Races Tennis Entertainment Art Dance Movies Music Reviews Theatre Society Faith History & Culture Books Reviews Authors Children Life & Style Fashion Fitness Food Motoring Travel Homes and gardens Technology Gadgets Internet Sci-Tech Agriculture Environment Health Education Careers Colleges Schools Multimedia Photos Videos Podcast Data Specials Crossword Resources Tags thREAD Archive Classifieds eBooks Subscribe Social About Us CONNECT WITH US CLOSE THIS MENU Home News Opinion Business Sport Entertainment Life & Style Society Books Sci-Tech thREAD THE SITE About Us Terms of Use Privacy Policy Contacts Archive Subscribe GROUP SITES The Hindu தி இந்து Business Line BL on Campus Sportstarlive Frontline The Hindu Centre RoofandFloor STEP Publications eBooks Images Classifieds Send your feedback to: web.thehindu@thehindu.co.inCopyright© 2017, The Hindu
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 27 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Acquisitions accelerate as tech giants seek to build Artificial Intelligence smarts iCrowdNewswire – May 27, 2017 A total of 34 artificial intelligence startups were acquired in the first quarter of this year, more than twice the amount of activity in the year-ago quarter, according to the research firm CB Insights. Tech giants seeking to reinforce their leads in artificial intelligence or make up for lost ground have been the most aggressive buyers. Alphabet Inc’s (GOOGL.O) Google has acquired 11 AI startups since 2012, the most of any firm, followed by Apple Inc (AAPL.O), Facebook Inc (FB.O) and Intel Corp (INTC.O), respectively, according to CB Insights. The companies declined to comment on their acquisition strategies. A spokesman for Apple did confirm the company’s recent purchase of Lattice Data, a startup that specializes in working with unstructured data. The first quarter also saw one of the largest deals to date as Ford Motor Co (F.N) invested $1 billion in Argo AI, founded by former executives on self-driving teams at Google and Uber Technologies Inc [UBER.UL]. Startups are looking to go deep on applications of artificial intelligence to specific fields, such as health and retail, industry observers say, rather than compete directly with established companies. “What you will see is very big players will build platform services, and startup communities will migrate more to applied intelligent apps,” said Matt McIlwain, managing director of Madrona Venture Group. Healthcare startup Forward, for example, is using artificial intelligence to crunch data that can inform doctors’ recommendations. “For people who really want to focus on core AI problems, it makes a lot of sense to be in bigger companies,” said Forward Chief Executive Officer Adrian Aoun, who previously worked at Google. “But for folks who really want to prove a new field, a new area, it makes more sense to be separate.” Artificial intelligence companies that do remain independent field a steady stream of suitors: Matthew Zeiler, chief executive of Clarifai, which specializes in image and video recognition, said he has been approached about a dozen times by prospective acquirers since starting the company in late 2013. Clarifai’s pitch to customers such as consumer goods company Unilever Plc (ULVR.L) and hotel search firm Trivago is bolstered by its narrow focus on artificial intelligence. “(Google) literally competes with almost every company on the planet,” Zeiler said. “Are you going to trust them with being your partner for AI?” Tech giants have been locked in a bidding war for academics specializing in artificial intelligence. Startups rarely have the capital to compete, but a company with a specialized mission can win over recruits, said Vic Gundotra, chief executive of AliveCor, which makes an AI-driven portable heart monitor. “They say, ‘I want to come here and work on a project that might save my mother’s life,’” Gundotra said. (Reporting by Julia Love; Editing by Jonathan Weber and Lisa Shumaker) http://www.reuters.com/article/us-tech-startups-ai-idUSKBN18M2ED?utm_source=applenews CategoriesUncategorized Tags(North America, artificial intelligence, English, Press Release, ThomsonReuters Post navigation Previous PostPrevious AI disrupts translations – the Google Translate App’s ability to translate text from photos comes out of deep learning techniques Next PostNext Hub and Spokes trade initiative reaches milestone as it scales up impact Search Recent Posts High Voltage Circuit Breaker Market 2017 Worldwide Detailed Analysis by Covering All Major Industrial Aspects 2022 Speech by CE at World Sustainable Built Environment Conference 2017 Hong Kong (English only) Software Defined Networking Will Underpin Enterprise Connectivity in Australia as Organisations Seek to Optimise Cost and Bandwidth Herbalife Nutrition Announces That in the Month of May 90% of Sales in the United States Were Documented Purchases by Consumers, Far in Excess of the 80% Threshold Called for in its Agreement With the U.S. Federal Trade Commission Solar Industry Urges Nevada Governor to Sign Bill Supporting Solar Jobs and Homeowners in State Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Search for: Reviews iPhone How To Auto About Best Best Weight Loss Apps Best iPhone 7 Cases Best Budget Apps Things Apple Watch Can Do Best Alexa Skills Android Galaxy S7 Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Cases Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Deals Best Galaxy S7 Battery Cases Best Galaxy S7 Screen Protectors Best Galaxy S7 Edge Screen Protectors Best Galaxy S7 Edge Cases Deals Best Android Smartphones Under $200 [2017] Best Cheap Android Smartphones [2017] Home how to How to Switch Modes on Your Chromebook How to Switch Modes on Your Chromebook By Kevin Purcell Posted on 05/27/2017 Advanced Chromebook users might want to take their experience to a higher level. They can try a more complicated setup using the advanced modes of the operating system: Beta Mode or Dev Mode – short for developer mode. We’ll show you how to switch your Chromebook to Beta Mode or Dev Mode and back to Stable Mode. The Chromebook offers simplicity that most mobile laptop platforms can’t match. It’s nearly immune from viruses and significant malware. It’s as simple as your browser to use. ChromeOS does face complications, but unlike Windows, macOS or Linux, if a user faces a catastrophic failure, they can simply Powerwash their Chromebook in under fifteen to thirty minutes and it’s back up and running like before with all their apps and settings in place. The simple Powerwash gets a little more complicated for Chromebooks with Android apps installed on them. After the simple restoration process completes, it takes more time to then install the Android apps that the user installed before the Powerwash. Why Switch to Beta Mode or Dev Mode on a Chromebook? Users usually switch their Chromebook to Beta or Dev mode because they want to take advantage of features that Google plans to add to a future version of ChromeOS. These features typically aren’t ready or stable enough for the Stable mode of ChromeOS. For example, the Google Play Store only works on some Chromebooks in Stable Mode, but works on a few more if they’re running in Beta Mode or Dev Mode. Also, the new Settings screen looks cleaner and better organized in more recent builds of ChromeOS, but only shows up in Beta or Dev Mode. If you want Android apps but don’t see the Play Store logo on your ChromeOS Shelf, then you might get the store if you switch to Beta or Dev Mode. Go to the Chromium list of supported systems to find out if your model supports the store yet and in which ChromeOS mode. See the screenshot above. Notice the name of the manufacturer in the first column and the model name in the second. Then see whether your computer has the Play Store and whether it works in Stable, Beta or Dev Mode. Remember that switching to either Beta or Dev Mode will make your Chromebook less stable. If Stable is the most reliable of the three modes, Dev Mode is the least and Beta Mode sits between them on the spectrum of stability. Don’t switch unless you’re ready for some glitches, freezes and apps shutting down without warning. You can lose work and this can get frustrating. I run my Samsung Chromebook Plus in Dev Mode with few problems. Fortunately, if you experience an issue, you can just return to Stable Mode following the steps below. How to Switch to Beta Mode or Dev Mode Before going any further, back up any data on your Chromebook that you want to keep. If your Chromebook has an SD card or micro-SD card reader, then copy files to it using the Files app. You can also upload them to your Google Drive. Click on your Profile icon and then the Settings icon. Open Settings on your Chromebook. Do this by clicking on your user icon in the lower right corner and then choose the Settings icon. It looks like a gear icon and sits above the date in the pop-up box. Click on the About Chrome OS link at the top of the Settings screen. Now click on the About Chrome OS link at the top center of the Settings screen. Click on More info… below the Check for and apply updates button. Click on the More info… link below the Check for and apply updates button. Now, you’ll see a Change channel button in the center of the next screen. Click on it. Choose the Mode you’d prefer and click on the Change channel button. Choose the Mode you’d prefer and click on the Change channel button. Remember that Developer – is the most unstable of the three options. After you pick your mode and click on the Change channel button, then the Chromebook will offer to Restart. The Chromebook will restart and ask you to sign in to “Install a critical update”. Sign in and then choose Update from the dialog box that shows up once it restarts. The Chromebook will install the update and then restart again, erase the drive and install the new version of ChromeOS. How to Return to Stable Mode in ChromeOS What if you’re not pleased with Dev Mode or Beta Mode? You can easily change the channel again and go back to Stable. After you update to Beta or Dev Mode in ChromeOS version 59 or 60, the Settings screens will look very different. Follow these instructions to change channels in the newer version of Settings in ChromeOS. Click on Settings in the Upper Left corner. You still open Settings the same way. Click on your profile icon and choose the Settings icon that looks like a gear above the date. A new box will open. Click on Settings in the upper left corner of the box. Choose About Chrome OS along the left at the bottom of the list. Now click on the About Chrome OS link in the bottom of the list that flies out from the left edge of the Settings dialog box. This takes you to a new screen. Find the Detailed build information item in the new screen in the center of the box. Click on it and then click on the CHANGE CHANNEL button about a third of the way down on the right (see below). Click on CHANGE CHANNEL on the right of the list next to the Channel item in the list. A new box pops up with the three options. To go back to Stable, select it from the list and choose CHANGE CHANNEL AND POWERWASH. Pick your Mode and then click the blue button. You may prefer to try Beta mode, if you’re running Dev Mode and it’s too unstable. Beta Mode will not cause as many problems for as many users as Dev Mode. However, to get a reliable experience with the fewest crashes, pick Stable and then click on the button. The Chromebook may seem to do nothing, but it’s downloading the Stable version of ChromeOS. Give it time. When it’s finished, click on the button that says RELAUNCH AND POWERWASH. The Chromebook restarts and shows a screen telling you that it’s Powerwashing the computer. This erases the system and restarts in factory state as if you just opened and turn it on for the first time. Go through the typical process of setting up your Chromebook and you’re ready to go again. Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google+ Share on Reddit Share on Linkedin More In how to 17 Fallout Shelter Tips, Tricks, Cheats & Strategies Here are the most important Fallout Shelter tips and tricks to level up faster, get more d… 05/23/2017 23 min read How to Quickly Free Up iPhone Storage If you’re running out of storage on your iPhone there are a few steps you can take t… 05/22/2017 17 min read How to Speed Up Your iPhone Today we want to show you how to speed up your iPhone, be it an iPhone 7, an iPhone 6s, or… 05/22/2017 20 min read Load More In how to Click To Comment Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Website Follow GottaBeMobile Best Call of Duty WWII Deals 8 Best Galaxy S8 Screen Protectors 100 Best Android Apps for 2017 5 Best iPhone 7 Camera Lenses and Add-ons 16 Best LG G6 Cases 5 Best Apple Watch Alternatives 5 Best Chromebooks for 2017 7 Best Online Tech Learning Apps and Sites Best New 9.7-inch iPad Cases 28 Best iPhone 7 Cases Best iPhone 7 Skins 15 Best Offline Android Games 15 Best 2016 MacBook Pro Accessories Best Bluetooth Game Controllers for Android Best Fighting Games for Android (2017) 5 Best iPad Alternatives Running Windows Best Galaxy S7 Clear Cases 5 Best Alarm Clock iPhone Apps Best Password Managers for Android Best Action Games for Android (2017) © Copyright 2017, All Rights Reserved, SXL Media, Inc.
Toggle search box Toggle navigation Home News Amazon Microsoft Startups Space Science Sports Tech Cloud Tech – presented by Salesforce Geek Life Podcast Apple Google Impact Series Real Estate App of the Week Geek of the Week presented by Acumatica Startup Spotlight presented by Impinj Geek Home of the Week by Realogics Sotheby’s Working Geek – presented by Smartsheet Tech Moves Launch Pads Jobs Events GeekWire Events Community Calendar Resources Memberships Health Benefits GeekWire Startup Resources GeekWire Startup List GeekWire 200 Seattle Engineering Centers GeekWire Startup Spaces GeekWire Store Community Calendar Deals About About GeekWire Email Newsletters Contact Us Advertise Sponsors Reprints & Permissions Search for: LATEST POPULAR AEG drops out of Key Arena renovation bid, criticizes city’s RFP process STEM students turn Trump’s climate decisions into national call to action Amazon shares close above $1K, market cap nears $500B; Bezos may pass Gates as world’s richest Week in Review: Most popular stories on GeekWire for the week of May 28, 2017 SpaceX launches its first refurbished Dragon cargo ship to the space station Apple WWDC: Siri Speaker, iPad Pro, artificial intelligence and more rumors on our radar I tested McDonald’s new UberEats delivery service at midnight — here’s how it works Week in Geek: Amazon’s parachute plan, big hotels challenge Expedia, and AI in the NBA LinkedIn maps out where new Seattleites are coming from, and it’s exactly what you’d expect Nina, meet Alexa: Nuance brings its enterprise assistant to Amazon’s voice-integrated devices Mysterious Seattle digital marketing startup New Engen, led by former Zulily employees, raises $8M Startup Spotlight: Spotted Places maps out travel recommendations from friends GeekWire Deals: Even beginners can learn Python in this sub-$100 programming bundle Sign of the times: ‘Twin Peaks’ is back, and so is iconic marker outside Washington town Geek of the Week: Shyam Gollakota of Jeeva Wireless and UW is a pioneer in preserving power Want to fill that Seattle job opening? Textio lists 2017’s best and worst words for your listing One-time high-flyer DataSphere sells assets to Sinclair Broadcasting and CoStar Nintendo Switch online service coming in 2018, with $20 annual membership cost Geared Up: Testing T-Mobile’s DIGITS and debating Comcast’s gigabit service French-Russian crew leaves space station while NASA crewmate stays behind LinkedIn maps out where new Seattleites are coming from, and it’s exactly what you’d expect Paul Allen’s Stratolaunch Systems brings monster plane out of hangar for first time Google reveals top misspelled words in America — some states should be e-m-b-a-r-r-a-s-s-e-d ‘Long Strange Trip’ indeed — Amazon’s 4-hour Grateful Dead film hits Prime Video on Friday I tested McDonald’s new UberEats delivery service at midnight — here’s how it works Amazon patents shipping label with built-in parachute for dropping packages from drones Inside Sonos’ Seattle office, where the music is bumpin’ and the team is growin’ Donald Trump’s midnight tweet turns #covfefe into viral meme Redfin takes #1 spot in GeekWire 200, topping DocuSign for first time We tried the new AmazonFresh Pickup service in Seattle, and this is what happened Big demand, little supply: Seattle’s hot housing market gets hotter with highest price gains in U.S. BMW’s ReachNow investigating cases of cars getting stuck on Washington State Ferries Apple WWDC: Siri Speaker, iPad Pro, artificial intelligence and more rumors on our radar Hotels try to divert business from Expedia and Priceline, as millennial travelers upend the industry When Facebook is a total blast: Rare Mount St. Helens eruption photo gets new life on social media Comcast rolls out gigabit internet in Seattle and other cities, at $160/month, or $110/month with 1-year contract CoreOS CEO: Amazon Web Services customers heading down a “very proprietary” path Sphere of influence: 46-story tower near Amazon campus will have domed top reminiscent of tech giant’s new landmark 30 years later, the legacy of ‘Star Trek: The Next Generation’ lives on Starbucks rolls its own coffee truck in front of Seattle HQ to replace store being remodeled Trending: I tested McDonald’s new UberEats delivery service at midnight — here’s how it works Report: Google planning AI venture capital group led by engineers by Tom Krazit on May 26, 2017 at 12:22 pmMay 29, 2017 at 6:24 pm Comments   Share  17 Tweet Share  16 Reddit Email GeekWire Cloud Tech Summit tix here! Google has always been a company run by engineers for engineers. It looks like it’s also going to give some of them a shot at running a venture capital project that will fund research into one of the company’s most central efforts. Axios reported Friday that Google is setting up an investment arm aimed squarely on artificial intelligence, and it seems like it will be separate from Google Ventures, the company’s formal investment organization. Dan Primack reported that the group will be led by Anna Patterson, and will operate almost like an incubator with a shared workspace for AI startups and mentorship from some of Google’s best AI folks. A lot of entrepreneurs are wary of corporate venture capital: just look at the experience of Nucleus, which took money from Amazon to build a voice-controlled tablet powered by Alexa only to see Amazon trot out the Echo Show a year later. But Google is one of the powerhouses of AI research, and it has more enormous data sets for training algorithms than just about anybody. Tom Krazit, GeekWire's Cloud & Enterprise Editor, covered technology for news organizations including IDG, CNET, and paidContent before serving as executive editor of Gigaom and the Structure conference series. Reach him at tom@geekwire.com and follow him @tomkrazit. Comments Share  17 Tweet Share  16 Reddit Email Previous StoryClick to trunk in 15 minutes? Testing Amazon’s new ridiculously fast order fulfillment Next StorySeattle designers seek $50K on Kickstarter to build Spektra, an interactive VR experience room Filed Under: Google  Tagged With: Anna Patterson • artificial intelligence • Venture capital GeekWire Newsletters Subscribe to GeekWire's free newsletters to catch every headline Email address Subscribe GeekWire Daily - Top headlines daily GeekWire Weekly - Most-read stories of the week, delivered Sunday GeekWire Sports Tech - The intersection of sports & technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Space & Science - Weekly headlines from Alan Boyle, award-winning aerospace and science editor GeekWire Podcasts — Weekly update with our latest audio episodes GeekWire Cloud Tech Weekly — Cloud and developer technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Mid-week Update — Most-read stories so far this week, delivered Wednesday GeekWire Local Deals — Special offers for Pacific Northwest area readers Send Us a Tip Have a scoop that you'd like GeekWire to cover? Let us know. Send Us a Tip See MoreGeekWire Events Related Stories Microsoft Ventures launches fund dedicated to AI startups and unveils new investments Spare5 re-launches as Mighty AI, raises $14M from Intel, Accenture, Google for AI training data service Microsoft Ventures doubles down on AI with new investments in Agolo and Bonsai The race for machine learning talent continues, as Apple acquires Madrona-backed Lattice Data Previous StoryClick to trunk in 15 minutes? Testing Amazon’s new ridiculously fast order fulfillment Next StorySeattle designers seek $50K on Kickstarter to build Spektra, an interactive VR experience room Like what you're reading? Subscribe to GeekWire's free newsletters to catch every headline Email address Subscribe GeekWire Daily - Top headlines daily GeekWire Weekly - Most-read stories of the week, delivered Sunday GeekWire Sports Tech - The intersection of sports & technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Space & Science - Weekly headlines from Alan Boyle, award-winning aerospace and science editor GeekWire Podcasts — Weekly update with our latest audio episodes GeekWire Cloud Tech Weekly — Cloud and developer technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Mid-week Update — Most-read stories so far this week, delivered Wednesday GeekWire Local Deals — Special offers for Pacific Northwest area readers Comments See MoreGeekWire Picks More product reviews and recommendations GeekWire Deals: Even beginners can learn Python in this sub-$100 programming bundle GeekWire Deals: Multitask like a pro with project-planning app Pagico Most Popular on GeekWire LinkedIn maps out where new Seattleites are coming from, and it’s exactly what you’d expect Paul Allen’s Stratolaunch Systems brings monster plane out of hangar for first time Google reveals top misspelled words in America — some states should be e-m-b-a-r-r-a-s-s-e-d ‘Long Strange Trip’ indeed — Amazon’s 4-hour Grateful Dead film hits Prime Video on Friday Job Listings on GeekWork Find more jobs on GeekWork. Employers, post a job here. Solution Engineer/Data Integration EngineerLimeade Software Development Manager – BackendOfferUp RecruiterMoz A Word From Our Sponsors Seattle University’s Master of Software Engineering Information session June 5th Embrace Spring Savings at Semiahmoo! Celebrate Spring by the Sea! Luxury lives here. Learn more. Kasala – modern home furnishings Learn more. Washington’s Beach Town Goes Downtown Come out and enjoy the Washington Coast; your beach home is waiting for you, visit seabrookwa.com to find yours! Seattle University’s Master of Software Engineering Information session June 5th Embrace Spring Savings at Semiahmoo! Celebrate Spring by the Sea! Luxury lives here. Learn more. Kasala – modern home furnishings Learn more. Washington’s Beach Town Goes Downtown Come out and enjoy the Washington Coast; your beach home is waiting for you, visit seabrookwa.com to find yours! Galactic Sponsors Platinum Sponsors Gold Sponsors Silver Sponsors About About GeekWire Contact Us Ask About Advertising Send Us a Tip Apply for Startup Spotlight Apply for Geek of the Week Become a GeekWire Member Join Our Startup List Reprints and Permissions Follow GeekWire Newsletters Catch every headline in your inbox Email address Subscribe GeekWire Daily - Top headlines daily GeekWire Weekly - Most-read stories of the week, delivered Sunday GeekWire Sports Tech - The intersection of sports & technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Space & Science - Weekly headlines from Alan Boyle, award-winning aerospace and science editor GeekWire Podcasts — Weekly update with our latest audio episodes GeekWire Cloud Tech Weekly — Cloud and developer technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Mid-week Update — Most-read stories so far this week, delivered Wednesday GeekWire Local Deals — Special offers for Pacific Northwest area readers GeekWire Apps iOS Android Apple News Google Play Newsstand GeekWire Developer Blog Return to Top of Page Privacy Policy | Terms of Use © 2011-2017 GeekWire, LLC
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us ... [Update: Now $75 Off] Deal Alert: Pixel 32GB (international version) is $50 off on eBay Scott Scrivens View All Posts 2017/05/26 2:20pm PDTMay 26, 2017 2 Plus 1 on G+ 53 Share on Facebook 57 Share on Twitter Total Shares112 Deals News Pixel Update 1: 2017/05/26 2:32pm PDT It looks like the price has dropped another $25, making this a $75 savings in total. For a device that hasn't seen much in the way of price drops or It's no secret that Google has had some serious supply issues with its flagship Pixel phone. That goes for pretty much any combination of size, color, or storage. Rumors even began to surface alleging that Google had stopped production of the devices altogether. That wasn't the case, but nonetheless, you will still struggle to actually find the Pixel if you wish to buy it. A 32GB Pixel (international version) on eBay for $50 off the list price could be the answer to that problem. This is the entry level 5" Pixel, with 32GB of storage in the color Very Silver - and it's available for $599. That's $50 less than the $649 Google is still charging for it. Beware though, this is the international version of the device. So if you live in the US you'll have to check the bands to see if it works on your network. This version won't play nice with Verizon or Sprint, so if you're on either of those carriers you can rule this out. If you live outside the US then this is definitely for you. Shipping appears to be free in the US, but here in the UK, it's $18.99. That still works out a bargain for me, especially if you account for the exchange rate. You'll have to do the sums from where you are to see if the deal is as good for you. It's worth mentioning that getting your warranty honored might be tough with this type of purchase, so bear that in mind. It's hard to say how many of these they have, other than a "limited quantity," so you'll have to be quick if you want to get your hands on arguably the best Android phone of 2016. Update 1: 2017/05/26 2:32pm PDT It looks like the price has dropped another $25, making this a $75 savings in total. For a device that hasn't seen much in the way of price drops or sales since launch, $75 off isn't bad. Anyone interested in a Pixel that uses a network compatible with this international model should give it a serious think. End of Update Source: eBay Thanks: Moshe Tags deal eBay Google pixel subscribe ... Previous Story Google is now offering four free months of Google Play Music for new subscribers ... Next Story The Android app for ASUS' upcoming Lyra mesh Wi-Fi network system is already available Trending 78 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 88 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 Comments Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ Let me know when it's $100 with a free year of Amazon Prime. Then I'll get one. shamatuu that will never happen james fuston Looks like we found the one guy still using a Fire Phone. Middlefinger As a back up phone yeah, its not reliable enough to be a daily driver. Its problems seem to be a mixture of hardware bugs, and Googles poor software QC. me me "bargain" JL "buggy" Gladysrcrosby Managing director of Google!, is explaining to users to start off "Work at home" method, that People have been doing for about one year now. These days alone, I generated close to $36,000 until now with no more than my home computer as well as some spare time, despite that i have a fulltime 9 to 5 job. Even everyone not used to this, can make $89/per h easily and the earnings can go even higher over time... This is how i started !so184c: ➽➽ ➽➽;➽➽ http://GoogleFinancialCashJobs474MarketConsultantGetPaid$97/Hour... ★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫::::::!so184c:....,.... abc "bezel" Master Yates After handling a S8, OMG those Bezels. Max Johnson "blacklisted" Taylor Hardy I work from convenience of my residence, via hassle-free tasks which only needs only from you a Laptop in addition to on-line connection and I am just more successful than ever before... After six months with this work and therefore managed to get paid in total 36 thousand dollars... Mainly I make close to 80 bucks/h and work for 3 to 4 hours time daily.And fantastic point regarding this work is that you can easily arrange time period whenever you get the job done and for how long as you may wish for and you achieve a check each week.----->>>> learn by clicking here how to do it right now Middlefinger Even at $99 its not worth the bugs. It doesnt matter how 'high end' a device is, if it doesn't work properly, its worthless. jonzey231 $50 is worth a guarantee that Google will honor the warranty....trust me...I wish I would've gotten my 6P direct. Andy What do you mean? jonzey231 If you don't buy the phone from Google, they won't help you. They send you to the manufacturer. I was forced to go to Huawei for my 6P and it was a little over 3 weeks before I got it back....and the problem is still there. Spend the extra $50 and buy it through Google so you're guaranteed to get support through their CS channels. You'll be glad you did in 6 months when something inevitably goes wrong. IMHO get the OnePlus 3T. Costs less but has better overall specs aside from the camera which is still pretty good in its own right. My brother has one and my roommate just got his last week and they both have no intention of going back to a major brand ever again. YaKillaCJ Same happened when I got the OnePlus One. It changed the way I (and many others) view a "budget" device from an unknown brand. needa I felt the same way after using an OPO for nearly three years. Got me an XL in mint condition for $450. Google edition even. Still had 3520 mAh in the batt too. Would have bought the black 3T had they been in stock. Took me three days to hunt down this deal. Andy Got my wife the pixel. Runs great. Just had the microphone problem. Google swapped without question. Wife seems to think it takes horrible selfies. Rod Weird, as it's cameras are regarded among the best currently. Random! @andy maybe you should let her know that the camera isn't the problem... It's actually her face. If you do warn her about this, I promise to visit you at the hospital. Andy Thanks for the tip. VAVAMk_2 Huzzah! Master Yates Agreed with you regarding the 3T. Lets see if the excellent updates and support evaporate when the One Plus 5 is released? That's the real test. IcerC Except in this case Google is the Manufacturer, that might change things. VAVAMk_2 Google didn't make the camera. Uses a Sony made sensor but the camera software is Google's and regarded among the best in post processing, particularly HDR. Roy Ahh so nice call me when the 1+2 will get Nougat and your friend will get or never get Android O. ddevito #Fail Andy S8 release response? AdMoc Does not ship to Poland as fck always -_- Random! Look for some service like Shipito. I believe they have an EU warehouse. Shakil Shaikh $60 shipping? kristin ANY Pixel made by google is compatible with any provider. It doesnt matter if its international or not. This writer is an odiot. Scott Scrivens https://www.techwalls.com/google-pixel-pixel-xl-model-number-differences/ Kevin Davis "Odiot", lmao. 😂 Oh, and you're wrong, too. kristin I called google about this. It would be up your phone company provider whether it worked or not. So it may not work with att or tmobile either. kristin This may or may not work on any provider. Its up to the provider. You want a pixel? Go to swappa.com and get one used in mint condition for much cheaper. Ive gotten a few phones from them since ive been on project fi and had no issues. Ill never buy a new phone again. Random! $50 off? How cute... If they get to $300 off ($350 final price) within a month, I might even convince myself it's worth to stare at those bezels everyday. Other than that (impossible) scenario, I'd rather get the 3T, Axon 7, or even the LG G5. Gjorgi Lazarovski The Pixel is probably not dropping in price anytime soon. iKon The most overrated smartphone of 2016. Only the camera is decent. Ugly ass design, overpriced and dull with no features compared to competition Roy You mean the best smartphone of 2016, best camera rare band front, best software, best updates. Great battery, great display. xyz No, he means "The most overrated smartphone of 2016. Only the camera is decent. Ugly ass design, overpriced and dull with no features compared to competition." Roy No, I'm sure he/she means "the best smartphone of 2016, best camera rare band front, best software, best updates. Great battery, great display". iKon No I meant what I said. The pixel is a flop and even Google knows it. No matter how much money they put into advertising there are alot of better choices out there.. only hard core Google fanboys try and big it up Roy Yes yada yada and still every reviewer said is the best smartphone of 2016. So.. even David here. In the on of the day it's a lots about the UI and I just don't like Samsung software. Ordeith LOL. You're such a Google sycophant, Roy. Roy You feeling really smart? I'm Imagine your ass all over your face. nirmitlamed Google is so off track in figuring out what customers wants and competing against the other monstrous companies. I would very much like to hear how many Pixels Google sold in the last year since they told us they sold more than they expected. Lawrence I can put my coffee cup on the Bezel David Nowicki I'm a big Nexus fan, but why would you pay $749 for the Pixel XL vs the OnePlus 3T at about half the price ? And soon the OnePlus 5 at $450 or so with S8+ specs will be a steal compared to the Pixel 4Ui812 Supply and demand. Limit the supply and you increase demand. It's like P.T. Barnum said , "There's a sucker born every minute". Follow Android Police 1.49M 472k 145k 119k Latest Deals 9 [Deal Alert] Chromecast Ultra is $59.99 ($10 off) at Google Store, Best Buy, B&H and others 2017/06/04 12:16pm PDTJun 4, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] Google Home is $109 ($20 off) at Best Buy, Google Store, B&H, and others 2017/06/04 10:07am PDTJun 4, 2017 12 [Deal Alert] Kick off the weekend with 24 temporarily free and 52 on-sale apps 2017/06/03 6:50pm PDTJun 3, 2017 18 [Deal Alert] Get a Nextbit Robin for $129.99 on eBay 2017/06/03 9:39am PDTJun 3, 2017 33 [Deal Alert] A Stork's Journey is currently free on Google Play Movies & TV 2017/06/01 10:50pm PDTJun 1, 2017 Latest Poll How many photos are on your Google Photos account? Under 100 100-999 1,000-2,499 2,500-4,999 5,000-9,999 10,000-19,999 20,000-39,999 More than 40,000. View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 67 Asus ZenFone 3 Zoom review: A promising phone that falls victim to bad software and cut corners 2017/05/31 2:21pm PDTMay 31, 2017 113 AOSPA (Paranoid Android) review: back from the dead, and we're thrilled 2017/05/31 9:47am PDTMay 31, 2017 29 Tag Heuer Connected Modular 45 review: It seems like $1,500 should get you more 2017/05/29 9:57am PDTMay 29, 2017 74 [Update, G+ Post] Francisco Franco makes his productivity timer 5217 free to try 2017/05/16 10:01am PDTMay 16, 2017 290 HTC U11 hands-on: HTC gets a little closer to the mark 2017/05/16 12:02am PDTMay 16, 2017 Latest Roundups 13 29 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/24/17 - 5/31/17) 2017/05/31 10:20am PDTMay 31, 2017 8 10 new and notable Android apps from the last week (5/23/17 - 5/29/17) 2017/05/29 12:49pm PDTMay 29, 2017 13 31 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/17/17 - 5/23/17) 2017/05/23 3:06pm PDTMay 23, 2017 16 12 new and notable Android apps and live wallpapers from the last week (5/16/17 - 5/22/17) 2017/05/22 12:48pm PDTMay 22, 2017 16 29 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/10/17 - 5/16/17) 2017/05/16 4:22pm PDTMay 16, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 18 Boost for Reddit removed from Play Store for alleged promotion of drugs, still not back after a week 2017/06/04 4:25pm PDTJun 4, 2017 112 Weekend poll: How many photos are synced to your Google Photos account? 2017/06/04 3:44pm PDTJun 4, 2017 28 Tasker beta v5 brings a fresh Material Design look and a huge list of other changes 2017/06/03 7:27pm PDTJun 3, 2017 12 [Deal Alert] Kick off the weekend with 24 temporarily free and 52 on-sale apps 2017/06/03 6:50pm PDTJun 3, 2017 76 Samsung uploads its Device Maintenance tool to the Play Store 2017/06/03 6:01pm PDTJun 3, 2017 Blast from the Past 60 1 Year Ago Today More Motorola Leaks: 'Style Mod' Replaceable Covers For The Moto X/Z And DROID Come In A Variety Of Materials 2016/06/04 12:27pm PDTJun 4, 2016 40 2 Years Ago Today Chrome Beta v44 Comes With Improvements To 'Native App' And 'Add To Homescreen' Banners, New Push API Features, And More [APK Download] 2015/06/04 5:14pm PDTJun 4, 2015 129 3 Years Ago Today YouTube v5.7 For Android Finally Lets You Select Exact Streaming Quality, As Long As It's 720p Or Lower [APK Download] 2014/06/04 6:16pm PDTJun 4, 2014 3 4 Years Ago Today Google Posts Glass XE6 Factory Image For Your Flashing Pleasure 2013/06/04 8:31pm PDTJun 4, 2013 16 5 Years Ago Today [Update: Pre-Orders Are Live] Sprint Announces The Galaxy S III Available June 21, Pre-Orders Start June 5 - $199 For 16GB, $249 For 32GB 2012/06/04 10:55pm PDTJun 4, 2012 327 6 Years Ago Today [Book Giveaway #2] Looking To Get Into Android Development? We're Giving Away "Hello, Android" To A Lucky Reader 2011/06/04 7:16pm PDTJun 4, 2011 2 7 Years Ago Today HTC EVO 4G OTA Update Comes Out In Time For Launch, Fixes SD Card Problems, Patches Security Issues, But Disables Root - Available Via WiFi As Well 2010/06/04 6:44pm PDTJun 4, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 112 Weekend poll: How many photos are synced to your Google Photos account? 2017/06/04 3:44pm PDTJun 4, 2017 35 It's not just you—there's a widespread Google Home outage 2017/06/04 12:04pm PDTJun 4, 2017 61 Samsung opens up its browser to some non-Samsung devices on the Play Store 2017/06/04 10:30am PDTJun 4, 2017 29 Motorola rolling out Android 7.1.1 to the Moto Z Play 2017/06/04 8:45am PDTJun 4, 2017 18 Boost for Reddit removed from Play Store for alleged promotion of drugs, still not back after a week 2017/06/04 4:25pm PDTJun 4, 2017 Last 7 Days 28 Google Photos v2.16 prepares to upgrade the camera shortcut, suggest photos to archive, and more [APK Teardown + Download] 2017/05/31 11:36pm PDTMay 31, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] Here are 38 temporarily free and 72 on-sale apps, plus both 0.10 Apps of the Week 2017/05/31 2:08pm PDTMay 31, 2017 501 [Update: New details plus Andy Rubin interview] The Essential phone is official, with an edge-to-edge display and the world's smallest 360-degree camera accessory 2017/05/30 7:48am PDTMay 30, 2017 76 Samsung uploads its Device Maintenance tool to the Play Store 2017/06/03 6:01pm PDTJun 3, 2017 24 Plex Live TV is now available for all Plex Pass subscribers, tuner required 2017/06/01 6:00am PDTJun 1, 2017 Last 30 Days 78 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 88 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 28 Google Photos v2.16 prepares to upgrade the camera shortcut, suggest photos to archive, and more [APK Teardown + Download] 2017/05/31 11:36pm PDTMay 31, 2017 94 The Play Store adopts new app and notification icons with v7.8.16 [APK Download] 2017/05/10 6:25pm PDTMay 10, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Advertise | Contact 117 queries | 0.413s | nexus2 Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
Entertainment Search Search VenezuelaThe Airline Standoff in Venezuela is Getting Worse as the Country’s Crisis Deepens aerospace and defenseOculus Founder Palmer Luckey Is Working on a Defense Startup Entrepreneur3 Questions You Should Ask Yourself Before Quitting Your Job trump budgetWhat the U.S. Loses If Trump Eliminates AmeriCorps Roku Founder Anthony Wood Roku Roku Roku’s CEO on Netflix, Amazon, Google, and the Future of TV Tom Huddleston, Jr. May 27, 2017 Roku has fared pretty well in a streaming device market where its rivals include tech giants like Amazon, Apple, and Google, to name a few. Despite facing off against those bigger competitors, Roku has been steadily winning the battle for your living room. The streaming hardware company cites Nielsen numbers showing that, as of December 2016, Roku accounted for 48% of the active streaming players in the U.S. (with Amazon, Apple, and Google all trailing behind). Roku currently boasts roughly 14 million active accounts—up 40% year-over-year—and the company says its users streamed 9 billion hours of content last year, a 70% increase from the previous year. The company also posted its highest annual revenue in 2016, reaching $400 million, and sales already topped $100 million in the first quarter of the current fiscal year. One thing that helps Roku stand out is the fact that, unlike many of its biggest rivals, the Los Gatos, Calif.-based tech company relies solely on deals with outside content producers. In other words, Roku doesn't make its own original programming, in contrast with Amazon, Google's YouTube, and others. That means it can stay neutral when it comes to carrying streaming apps and the content it markets to users. Related AppleBozoma Saint John Leaving Apple, Report Says Apple Bozoma Saint John Leaving Apple, Report Says As Roku's user base has climbed, the company's focus has shifted somewhat, from selling hardware to generating additional revenue by selling advertising to its many content partners. Advertising and content distribution comprised roughly 75% of Roku's gross profit in the most recent quarter, up from a little over 50% last year, says CEO Anthony Wood, a Silicon Valley veteran and a former vice president at Netflix. Roku also has the backing of a handful of major players in both media and tech, with nearly $210 million in reported funding so far from a list of investors that includes News Corp, Viacom, 21st Century Fox, and Netflix. (Wood disputed reports from February suggesting the company was working on a $200 million funding round, telling Fortune that Roku is "well capitalized" at the moment.) Get Data Sheet, Fortune's technology newsletter. Wood recently spoke with Fortune about competing with tech giants in the streaming hardware market, how user data and targeted ads are the "future of TV," and what the evolving landscape of streaming content means for companies like Roku. (The following conversation has been edited for clarity and length.) Fortune: You currently have the largest market share in the U.S. for streaming devices over companies like Amazon, Apple, and Google. How can you maintain that position and keep growing? Wood: If you look at the market share, it has been growing. We had our biggest market share ever in Q1—not just players, also televisions. 48% of active streaming players in the United States are Roku [according to Nielsen], and that number hasn’t changed in about a year. The other half is split between Amazon, Google, and Apple. Our market share is growing fast. It’s growing 40% to 45% active accounts year-over-year and that’s on a big installed base: 14 million active accounts. That comes from players and TVs. We released the Roku Express at the end of last year at $29 and it’s now our number one player. And, last year, one in eight TVs sold were powered by our OS [operating system]. This year, we expect it to be almost one in five TVs—almost 20% of the Smart TV market this year will be powered by our operating system. Roku Ultra— Courtesy of Roku  Roku has been described as "Switzerland" in the streaming devices market because it's content-neutral. How does that strategy help you stand out versus bigger rivals who produce and distribute their own original content? Having a strategy of carrying as much content possible and the most content definitely is a big part of our strategy and works well for us. And we can do it because we’re an independent company. We’re not vertically integrated like our competitors where they can’t carry each other’s content. So we have Amazon Instant Video and Google Play, for example. And, more importantly, we have built the only proprietary operating system for TV. We have the only purpose-built OS for TV and it’s got lots of advantages: it’s better for partners, it costs less to build TVs with our own OS, it’s a better consumer experience, and it has more content. So, I guess we shouldn't expect to see any Roku original programming anytime soon? [Laughs] You’d have to have a lot of scale, even more scale than Roku [with 14 million active accounts]. We have reasonably large scale and are growing quickly, but Netflix has 100 million accounts. So it makes sense for them to do original content. It doesn’t really make sense for us. You mentioned the success of the relatively new Roku Express. How important are those low-cost devices (including Google's Chromecast and Amazon's Fire TV Stick) to the market versus more expensive set-top boxes? What low-cost does is it brings more customers into streaming. That’s one of the things that we saw with the Roku Express is it was so inexpensive that people who hadn’t streamed before said, "Oh, well I’ll give that a go." And, then as they say, "I love this," then I think there’s a decent chance they will, at some point, upgrade to a more expensive product with more features. With that said, the vast majority of unit retail sales are sub-$50 price points. Most of the market is below $50. It’s one of the main reasons Apple is last in market share for streaming players. We have focused on great value for customers from the beginning as a way to gain market share. We introduced the first $100 streaming player. We introduced the first streaming stick, the first $29 player. We have a strategy of driving prices down to make the product more accessible to consumers. Because, for us, hardware is not a business, it’s a way to acquire active accounts. Our business is advertising and content distribution services. Roku Express— Courtesy of Roku  A big part of the advertising platform is tracking what users are watching to compile and analyze that data for targeted ads and content recommendations. It’s super important. The future of TV—both with content distribution and advertising—is based on data and machine learning. And it’s a huge competitive advantage to be good at that. I just want to clarify that the ACR [Automatic Content Recognition] program is opt-in for our customers. We don’t just force it on them, although it has a very high opt-in rate because we have some very cool features that they get access to that are powered by that data. One of those features is called "More Ways to Watch." If you opt in to the ACR data feed—let’s say you’re watching The Big Bang Theory on CBS—it will pop up with an overlay and say "Hey, you’re watching The Big Bang Theory, do you want to watch it from the beginning?" Because it’s available on CBS All Access and also you can watch all of the back episodes, so it gives them more ways to watch that TV show. There are lots of privacy issues around data that we have to be careful about, but it really delivers a much better end-user experience. When it comes to video content, does Roku root for companies like Netflix, Hulu, and Amazon to upend the entertainment industry because it means more people are streaming content and that's good for device-makers? Or, at this point, is most content streaming at some point anyway? The big picture is one of the big drivers of our growth is when more content comes to streaming. Like you said, there’s been an explosion of streaming content. There’s not much you can’t get, if anything, streaming. So, in that sense, we’re completely neutral. We don’t really care. We want to offer our customers choices. I think one of the biggest advantages of streaming, for customers, is that it’s created competition in the TV business, which used to be controlled by a few big distributors and that’s really changed. So, that has resulted in lots of choice for customers: the choice of more content, the choice of not having to watch ads if they don’t want to, they can pay extra or they can sign up for Netflix, or whatever. So that’s all good. I guess we’re not really in anyone’s particular camp. Our biggest focus is just bringing on as much content as we can and keeping our UI [user interface] simple. One of the challenges with a simple UI when there’s so much content is how do you make it easier for customers to find what they want to watch in that sea of content. What are some ways that Roku helps customers manage the deluge of content? We were the first company to offer universal search, so you can search for a program and find out how much it costs and where it’s available and we sort results by price. Another example is we came out with a feature called My Feed, which allows you to follow shows you’re interested in and you’ll get notifications when new episodes come out. What are your thoughts on the proliferation of live-TV streaming services? If they succeed in drawing more consumers away from traditional cable packages, isn't that a game-changer for online content and streaming devices? We’re super positive on those services, because they’re bringing more content to the platform, they bring more people to streaming. We have business deals with all of those services, they buy audience development products, so it’s driving a big increase in our business. But, the dynamics are interesting. They often have overlapping content, so there’s going to be a lot of competition between them. And, I think that will result in better value for the customers. Personally, I am not sure how popular repurposing a linear cable network will be in a streaming environment. Certainly, it's in the millions the number of customers who want it. But is it 100 million, like Netflix? I think that’s an interesting question: whether people have changed the way they want to watch content and what content they want to watch. Customer ServiceSite MapPrivacy PolicyAdvertisingAd ChoicesTerms of UseYour California Privacy RightsCareers © 2017 Time Inc. All rights reserved. All products and services featured are based solely on editorial selection. FORTUNE may receive compensation for some links to products and services on this website. Quotes delayed at least 15 minutes. Market data provided by Interactive Data. ETF and Mutual Fund data provided by Morningstar, Inc. Dow Jones Terms & Conditions: http://www.djindexes.com/mdsidx/html/tandc/indexestandcs.html. S&P Index data is the property of Chicago Mercantile Exchange Inc. and its licensors. All rights reserved. Terms & Conditions. Powered and implemented by Interactive Data Managed Solutions Subscribe Search Home Fortune 500 All Rankings Tech Leadership Venture Fortune Insiders Most Powerful Women Automotive Careers Energy & Environment Executive Travel Finance Health TIME Health International Looking Forward Retail Markets Magazine Newsletters Videos Fortune Conferences Follow FORTUNE Share Share on Facebook Post on Twitter Email this story Share on Reddit Share on Pinterest Share on LinkedIn
Jump to Navigation AU EDITION | Monday, June 05, 2017 As of 3:22 PM AEST Subscribe AU Edition Australia Edition China Edition India Edition Italy Edition Japan Edition U.K. Edition U.S. Edition FOLLOW | Make IBT your homepage Search Home Business News Sports Life Entertainment Technology 'Cloak and Dagger' is the latest malicious app that could leave Android devices compromised By Ryan Patrick on May 27 2017 11:56 PM 0 0 0 0 The Samsung Electronics' Galaxy Tab is displayed for customers at a store in Seoul April 6, 2012. Reuters/Kim Hong-Ji Android malware continues to be rampant, and the latest is a new threat called "Cloak and Dagger." Similar to previous attacks, the exploit can gain complete control of an Android phone or tablet with the user fully unaware.  For most, "Cloak and Dagger" may be nothing new when it comes to malware alerts. The damage any exploit can do lies heavily on what he or she downloads from the web or the Google Play Store.  Also, Google has been known to come out with timely updates to address the situation. But the governing problem now is that they are still working on a fix, meaning any Android user can get infected at some point.  “We’ve been in close touch with the researchers and, as always, we appreciate their efforts to help keep our users safer,” a spokesperson told Engadget. “We have updated Google Play Protect — our security services on all Android devices with Google Play — to detect and prevent the installation of these apps." According to the full paper describing the “Cloak and Dagger” attack, the exploit would need only two permissions (the System_Alert_Window permission and The Accessibility Service) in the event it is installed via the Google Play Store. Hence, users don’t need to be asked for access and may not even be notified of the changes, BGR reports. Among the problems the malware would bring include clickjacking, unconstrained keystroke recording, stealthy phishing, the silent installation of a God-mode app (with all permissions enabled) and silent phone unlocking + arbitrary actions. From that list alone, one can imagine how Android users may end up helpless at some point moving forward.  For those who are pinning their hopes on the Android 7.1.2, updating to the latest stable version will not help. It seems that “Cloak and Dagger” goes beyond that, meaning only Google can come up with a remedy to prevent things from getting out of hand.  Based on the full paper about “Cloak and Dagger,” some short-term recommendations to Google have been suggested. One involves tweaking the permissions for the "System_Alert_Window," which should not be automatically granted even for the Play Store. The other recommendation has to do with Google’s process of approving apps in the Play Store. The permissions need to be looked into closely, with manual vetting suggested as a scalable approach. The short-term fix may not be much, though the first one concerned with the "System_Alert_Window" is something Google can immediately revise. Submit Correction 0 0 0 Related Security expert ready to work with hackers for potential iOS 10.3 jailbreak tool ‘Pokemon Go’ issues: Dev responds to privacy issues, new malware spotted Join the Discussion 0 0 0 Search Most Shared Most Read 1 Crowdfunding, millennial buyers and higher mortgage rule real estate in 2017 0 Shares 2 Sam Heughan supports young actors in Scotland 0 Shares 3 ‘Outlander’ season 3: Caitriona Balfe shares picture from set 0 Shares 4 'Outlander' season 3: Jungle shoot begins 0 Shares 5 ‘Outlander’ season 3 filming ‘almost finished’ 0 Shares 6 ‘Poldark’ season 3: French Revolution adds to Ross’ troubles 0 Shares 7 Rafael Nadal vs Robin Haase live stream: Watch 2017 French Open online 0 Shares 8 Tennis official slams Roger Federer: 'We can't count on him anymore' 0 Shares 9 ‘Vikings’ season 5: Heahmund is on the show for a particular reason, says Jonathan Rhys Meyers 0 Shares 10 ‘Vikings’ season 5: Sigurd’s death questioned; Ragnar’s son could still be alive 0 Shares Follow Us Please enter a valid email Like us Follow us Full site feed Aussies hit worst at Microsoft Outlook global outage Uber to hike fares and add booking fee in Australian cities from June ACCC allows providers to pass on internet tax to consumers Topshop Australia enters voluntary administration; Sir Philip Green's Arcadia takes over First-home buyer activity in NSW to surge on July 1: CoreLogic Foreign investors to endure doubled taxes as NSW supports the 'Australian dream' More Business Economy Markets Companies Real Estate Banking & Finance FDA to require restaurants to post nutritional info for their menu starting May 5 Melania Trump welcomes Queen Rania of Jordan, heads to an all-girls school Pump hydro storage can help build 100 percent renewable energy grid Study shows Western Australians are unhappiest at work; older, female employees are more satisfied Egyptians unite after church bombing; Abdel Fatah el-Sisi declares state of emergency Trump to visit China; Xi approves 100-day trade talks plan More News Australia Asia Pacific Africa The Americas Europe Middle East 2017 NBA Finals live streaming: Watch Warriors vs Cavs Game 1 online, preview 2017 NBA Draft: Lonzo Ball to Lakers is not a lock, per new report Tony Romo broadcasting career may be cut short if the NFL itch returns 2017 French Open: Nick Kyrgios feels coach Sebastien Grosjean is a calming influence Samoa Joe favored to win Fatal-Five-Way and face Brock Lesnar for Universal title Australia vs New Zealand live stream: How to watch the ICC Champions Trophy 2017 online, preview More Sports AFL NRL Rugby Union Cricket Soccer Tennis Motor Sports Basketball NFL Fight Sports More MacBook Pro 2018 possibly armed with 30-percent more Intel chip power Tesla Model 3 leaked feature worry experts Aussies hit worst at Microsoft Outlook global outage Steam sale: Pay only US$1.99 for 10 games with the Cryptic Bundle 7 Acer Predator Triton 700 gaming laptop specs, price and release details Apple rolls out second beta of near-perfect iOS 10.3.3 More Life Environment & Science Health & Wellbeing Gaming Technology Travel & Food Fashion & Beauty Art & Design 'The Originals' season 4 episode 10 spoilers: Klaus invites his siblings over; Freya convinces Hayley to join her; Kol is torn in ‘Phantomesque’ [Trailer] 'The 100' season 5 poster competition open to 'talented' fandom ‘Star Wars: The Last Jedi’ spoilers: Darth Vader suit piece TV shows and movies coming to Netflix in June 2017 'The Amazing Race' 29 Finale recap: #TeamBrookeandScott wins 'TAR' 29 'Grey's Anatomy' season 14 spoilers: With Megan alive, Nathan and Meredith love story is threatened; not like a McDreamy part 2 More Entertainment Movies TV Celebrities Music McLaren 570GT Review: Grand, But No Touring Car IBTimes Newsletters Sign up to get the latest headlines delivered to your inbox every morning. We value your privacy. Your email address will not be shared. Sections Home Business News Sports Life Entertainment IBT About Us Advertise with Us Media Kit Careers Contact Terms of Service Privacy Policy IBT Media Syndication Editions Australia China India Italy Japan U.K. U.S. © Copyright 2017 IBT Media Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us ... Google is now offering four free months of Google Play Music for new subscribers Ryne Hager Follow View All Posts 2017/05/26 2:17pm PDTMay 26, 2017 82 Plus 1 on G+ 614 Share on Facebook 102 Share on Twitter Total Shares798 Google News Right now it looks like Google is running a special offer for Google Play Music. New subscribers that sign up here can get four free months of service instead of the usual three. No telling how long this offer might last, so if you have been considering subscribing, now might be the time to do it. It could save you an extra $10. Again, this particular offer is only for new subscribers. I've been a fan of Play Music for a long time, though the device removal limit does get in the way when you switch between devices and ROMs as often as I do. Being able to mix your own library with those of a service also comes in handy. That way I can continue to support artists I am passionate about, without eschewing the larger selection of a subscription offering for the purposes of content discovery, all while being able to fill the gaps in that library. There are a lot of different music services out there, but if you're interested combining your curated library with music available via a subscription, then your options are limited. Spotify does allow you to play back locally stored files, which is convenient, but it isn't quite the same. Amazon also allows you to upload your music for playback via Amazon Music, and with Amazon Prime membership, you get a small library of streaming music to go along with that. For $10 a month ($8 for Prime members) you can access their full library as well. But, Google Play Music has a great interface and plugs nicely into all the other Google services we love. Maybe with this new offer, it's time you gave Google Play Music a chance? After all, even if it doesn't end up working out, you still got four free months of music out of the deal. Source: Google Play Music Tags google play music play music promo special offer subscription subscription music subscribe ... Previous Story OnePlus starts a referral program just in time for the OnePlus 5 ... Next Story [Update: Now $75 Off] Deal Alert: Pixel 32GB (international version) is $50 off on eBay Trending 78 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 88 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 Comments Ailín Ó’S Tried the code in Ireland, Britain and Greece and it works, glad to see it works in Europe too! Carson Saldanha Wait, wdym 3 different countries? Did you share it with others or something? Ailín Ó’S I live in Ireland, so that's my main account. I have a secondary account based in England as part of a mail forwarder service I use, and my bf is Greek so I had him check the code on his account :) Carson Saldanha Oh wow! Carson Saldanha Hey, since I know it worked for you, are you able to use YouTube Red along with this Play Music free trial? Because my YT Red doesn't seem to be enabled for me. Ailín Ó’S No, unfortunately not as I live in the EU and YouTube Red is only available in USA. Carson Saldanha Weird, I'm in the US though. Ailín Ó’S Ooh that is odd. Sign out of the app then sign back in maybe? Carson Saldanha No luck :( I'm in contact with Google support atm Hopefully they can sort this out Mike Worth it alone for Youtube Red MisterAlex Sweet, I wasn't sure if that was included. Thanks. Should mention that in the main blog post. Ben Still no student membership >:( Ailín Ó’S Spotify is a great alternative @€$£5/month. Ben I know that's what I use just because it's half the price. Ailín Ó’S In Ireland Vodafone have a partnership with Spotify whereby it costs €5 standard instead of €10 regardless of if you're a student or not, they even bundle it with some of their plans. Vodafone do the same in some other countries they operate in (not all). Maybe see if any network in your country has a partnership like that? Worth a shot! Ben Oh yeah I'm on EE in the UK and I've got Apple Music for free for 6 months but like iTunes is a massive stinking turd. Ailín Ó’S I'd rather go back to the days of getting music via Bluetooth from friends than use crApple Music 😂😂 Rahul Krishna In india, we have play music for 1.4 usd/month Umang Ladia I'm only seeing 2 months offer in India.?? Rahul Krishna Well I subscribed to it when it launched here (about 2 months ago), so I can't confirm that. But at this price, there is nothing to be disappointed about. aRvInD I wish Spotify launches soon here. I can't keep using that patched version here...!! Rahul Krishna Me too xyz As it should be, you can't charge European or American prices in India. Rahul Krishna Yes true. There are lots​ of people here with a very cheap Android phone. They cannot pay much money. Julian Coronado That's actually what's keeping me away from Play Music. I've used my free months and I loved the Youtube Red too. But as a student, Spotify for $5 / month is too great to pass up on. Emiliejmosley Google is paying 97$ per hour! Work for few hours & have longer with friends and family! !sm141c: On tuesday I got a great new Land Rover Range Rover from having earned $8752 this last four weeks.. Its the most-financialy rewarding I've had.. Follow this link for more information !sm141c: ➽➽ ➽➽;➽➽ http://GoogleFinancialCashJobs431ShopRichGetPaid$97/Hour... ★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫::::::!sm141c:....,..... Cakefish Spotify ftw ToniCipriani ✓pǝᴉɟᴉɹǝʌ I don't think this is a new offer, got this a while back. In fact my 4 months is expiring next week. Prefer Spotify over it. Song selection a tad bit weaker, and for foreign songs it tries to translate the song names to English and makes it hard to look up. folkrav I like it, it's way cheaper than Spotify for me - my mother, my sister, my wife and myself each pay 30$ a year and we're set - but Jesus do I hate the clients. I don't like the website's interface, I hate the Android app. But yeah, I'll deal with it cause it's cheap, I guess. Carson Saldanha Got it! Yay! Jim I wish I could somehow get it on my Amazon Echo hahaha. I guess if I had paid for a Google Home it would be worth trying out. Forget vega #getEVGA Why google play music isn't available in my country ? Ailín Ó’S Try Apple Music? They seem to be just about everywhere. Iamsecond And this is why Apple continue to dominate, because Apple are truly interested in being an international company whereas Google is just playing at it. Such a shame xyz Because Google sucks. Bartek Juszczak My GPM radio's are so good these days I love that Google is so into AI. Whether It's just "I'm being lucky" or radio from a specific song, band or album they very rarely disappoint me these days. I just make sure to thumbs up if it plays a song I particularly love. I am a student and could go cheaper with spotify but the AI generated playlists have me locked in. If it's £5 cheaper but I'm not gonna enjoy it nearly as much then it's not really a good deal. AndTheWorldMayNeverKnow I used the 3 or 4 months free trial during the holidays then bought the family plan for $14.99 a month. 4 people in my family us it and it works great, the app could use some tweaks but it's really good overall. paev If you listen to main stream music it doesn't really matter what service to use. However, if you like something unusual, weird or other languages then Google is a way to go. I found bands on Google music that Spotify displayed as not found. Google also have new synth bands that Spotify doesn't. I'm for Google too. Daniel I discovered that GPM is kinda like a music label. I once went to a section of Google play explaining how indie artists can use GPM like a music label as long as they own all their rights. Ryne Hager Ultraista (among others) keeps me using Google Play Music as well as Spotify. Carson Saldanha Does anyone else who activated the Play Music trial have YouTube Red working as well? My YT Red doesn't seem to be enabled while my Play Music is. Michael Carr I spotted a similar offer a couple of months ago, and I took it after a day or two's thought. Just last week, I moved directly into a family plan. PewPewYoureDead It's hard to recommend Google Play Music until they revamp the UI. Margaritas Ante Porcos Google Music is the only choice in some markets, like Russia, where no Spotify or Pandora are available. There are too many shortcomings in Google Music and Google never shows interest in making services better than below average. I really wonder why Google refuses to become the best at anything. Real magic here. Pixel syndrome all the way. Yet Google Music is on my phone and I use it because there's no choice whatsoever. Rob You answered your own question. If there's no alternative, then they don't have any incentive to improve the service. SupahNin10doh Stupid Dorito logo... Raymond Berger Huh, I just subscribed to the trial but you youtube red hasn't kicked in yet. Any idea how long it takes? Iamsecond If you live in the UK, about 2 years so far h20ray Google Play Music is currently available in select territories and for select account types. Umang Ladia I'm only seeing 2 months offer in India, anybody can confirm? Mohammad Ovais Yeah, same for me. Maybe it's region limited. Isolde I think you need to open the link in a browser, if you open it in the app it's just the normal 2 months. bligui Confirmed need to open it from link and it works Manoj | Blogging Triggers Is Google Music really worth to it? We have better alternatives Sathiya Moorthy Karan I came across a great post, it seems to be so cool http://developeit.net/android-news-image-scanner-finder/ Zachariah Mann It only shows up as 2 free months for me. I live in Michigan. https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/a19b7e9dddb67bf897c751aedf63c01917048214140db901fd783b2182d8d5c0.png Jefferson Rodrigues https://play.google.com/music/listen?coupon=120DFREE&coupontype=vanity#/sulp Zachariah Mann That link still brought me to the same page on the Play Music App which offers 2 months free. Does it matter if I'm opening it on a computer or web page? Jefferson Rodrigues I don't know. Mikael Jakobsson Should mabye joine premium at Google Music if that coste like $2 max a month dont understand why they should take as mutch as someone some has app or Win32 software to PC so music controllers one they keyboards works. Tab out frome a game for pause music when the round is over is just bad. Arif Gürü And stil isnt available on Turkey xyz "No telling how long this offer might last, so if you have been considering subscribing, now might be the time to do it." No thanks, I'll just use YouTube. Only thing YT needs is an option to play audio only so I can save a wee bit more data when I don't need video. Cai Copley Nope. If it wasn't for the fact work pays for Spotify Premium and the fact Spotify has Crossfade to emulate a DJ system, maybe I'd give it a whirl. bligui Not working any more to bad Follow Android Police 1.49M 472k 145k 119k Latest Deals 9 [Deal Alert] Chromecast Ultra is $59.99 ($10 off) at Google Store, Best Buy, B&H and others 2017/06/04 12:16pm PDTJun 4, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] Google Home is $109 ($20 off) at Best Buy, Google Store, B&H, and others 2017/06/04 10:07am PDTJun 4, 2017 12 [Deal Alert] Kick off the weekend with 24 temporarily free and 52 on-sale apps 2017/06/03 6:50pm PDTJun 3, 2017 18 [Deal Alert] Get a Nextbit Robin for $129.99 on eBay 2017/06/03 9:39am PDTJun 3, 2017 33 [Deal Alert] A Stork's Journey is currently free on Google Play Movies & TV 2017/06/01 10:50pm PDTJun 1, 2017 Latest Poll How many photos are on your Google Photos account? Under 100 100-999 1,000-2,499 2,500-4,999 5,000-9,999 10,000-19,999 20,000-39,999 More than 40,000. View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 67 Asus ZenFone 3 Zoom review: A promising phone that falls victim to bad software and cut corners 2017/05/31 2:21pm PDTMay 31, 2017 113 AOSPA (Paranoid Android) review: back from the dead, and we're thrilled 2017/05/31 9:47am PDTMay 31, 2017 29 Tag Heuer Connected Modular 45 review: It seems like $1,500 should get you more 2017/05/29 9:57am PDTMay 29, 2017 74 [Update, G+ Post] Francisco Franco makes his productivity timer 5217 free to try 2017/05/16 10:01am PDTMay 16, 2017 290 HTC U11 hands-on: HTC gets a little closer to the mark 2017/05/16 12:02am PDTMay 16, 2017 Latest Roundups 13 29 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/24/17 - 5/31/17) 2017/05/31 10:20am PDTMay 31, 2017 8 10 new and notable Android apps from the last week (5/23/17 - 5/29/17) 2017/05/29 12:49pm PDTMay 29, 2017 13 31 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/17/17 - 5/23/17) 2017/05/23 3:06pm PDTMay 23, 2017 16 12 new and notable Android apps and live wallpapers from the last week (5/16/17 - 5/22/17) 2017/05/22 12:48pm PDTMay 22, 2017 16 29 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/10/17 - 5/16/17) 2017/05/16 4:22pm PDTMay 16, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 18 Boost for Reddit removed from Play Store for alleged promotion of drugs, still not back after a week 2017/06/04 4:25pm PDTJun 4, 2017 112 Weekend poll: How many photos are synced to your Google Photos account? 2017/06/04 3:44pm PDTJun 4, 2017 28 Tasker beta v5 brings a fresh Material Design look and a huge list of other changes 2017/06/03 7:27pm PDTJun 3, 2017 12 [Deal Alert] Kick off the weekend with 24 temporarily free and 52 on-sale apps 2017/06/03 6:50pm PDTJun 3, 2017 76 Samsung uploads its Device Maintenance tool to the Play Store 2017/06/03 6:01pm PDTJun 3, 2017 Blast from the Past 60 1 Year Ago Today More Motorola Leaks: 'Style Mod' Replaceable Covers For The Moto X/Z And DROID Come In A Variety Of Materials 2016/06/04 12:27pm PDTJun 4, 2016 40 2 Years Ago Today Chrome Beta v44 Comes With Improvements To 'Native App' And 'Add To Homescreen' Banners, New Push API Features, And More [APK Download] 2015/06/04 5:14pm PDTJun 4, 2015 129 3 Years Ago Today YouTube v5.7 For Android Finally Lets You Select Exact Streaming Quality, As Long As It's 720p Or Lower [APK Download] 2014/06/04 6:16pm PDTJun 4, 2014 3 4 Years Ago Today Google Posts Glass XE6 Factory Image For Your Flashing Pleasure 2013/06/04 8:31pm PDTJun 4, 2013 16 5 Years Ago Today [Update: Pre-Orders Are Live] Sprint Announces The Galaxy S III Available June 21, Pre-Orders Start June 5 - $199 For 16GB, $249 For 32GB 2012/06/04 10:55pm PDTJun 4, 2012 327 6 Years Ago Today [Book Giveaway #2] Looking To Get Into Android Development? We're Giving Away "Hello, Android" To A Lucky Reader 2011/06/04 7:16pm PDTJun 4, 2011 2 7 Years Ago Today HTC EVO 4G OTA Update Comes Out In Time For Launch, Fixes SD Card Problems, Patches Security Issues, But Disables Root - Available Via WiFi As Well 2010/06/04 6:44pm PDTJun 4, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 112 Weekend poll: How many photos are synced to your Google Photos account? 2017/06/04 3:44pm PDTJun 4, 2017 35 It's not just you—there's a widespread Google Home outage 2017/06/04 12:04pm PDTJun 4, 2017 61 Samsung opens up its browser to some non-Samsung devices on the Play Store 2017/06/04 10:30am PDTJun 4, 2017 29 Motorola rolling out Android 7.1.1 to the Moto Z Play 2017/06/04 8:45am PDTJun 4, 2017 18 Boost for Reddit removed from Play Store for alleged promotion of drugs, still not back after a week 2017/06/04 4:25pm PDTJun 4, 2017 Last 7 Days 28 Google Photos v2.16 prepares to upgrade the camera shortcut, suggest photos to archive, and more [APK Teardown + Download] 2017/05/31 11:36pm PDTMay 31, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] Here are 38 temporarily free and 72 on-sale apps, plus both 0.10 Apps of the Week 2017/05/31 2:08pm PDTMay 31, 2017 501 [Update: New details plus Andy Rubin interview] The Essential phone is official, with an edge-to-edge display and the world's smallest 360-degree camera accessory 2017/05/30 7:48am PDTMay 30, 2017 76 Samsung uploads its Device Maintenance tool to the Play Store 2017/06/03 6:01pm PDTJun 3, 2017 24 Plex Live TV is now available for all Plex Pass subscribers, tuner required 2017/06/01 6:00am PDTJun 1, 2017 Last 30 Days 78 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 88 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 28 Google Photos v2.16 prepares to upgrade the camera shortcut, suggest photos to archive, and more [APK Teardown + Download] 2017/05/31 11:36pm PDTMay 31, 2017 94 The Play Store adopts new app and notification icons with v7.8.16 [APK Download] 2017/05/10 6:25pm PDTMay 10, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Advertise | Contact 117 queries | 0.313s | forge Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
Go Phones Laptops Cameras TV Gaming Wearables Forum All Products 3D Printers Antivirus Baby Monitors Bluetooth Speakers Cameras (360 Degrees) Cameras (Action) Cameras (All) Cameras (Bridge) Cameras (Compact) Cameras (DSLR) Cameras (Home Security) Cameras (Mirrorless) Cameras (Phone) Cameras (Waterproof) Cloud Backup Services Computers (All-in-One) Drones Fitness Trackers Game Controllers (PC) Gaming Headsets Gaming Keyboards Gaming Mice Gaming Monitors Gaming PCs Gift Ideas Golf Tech GPS Watches Headphones ID Theft Protection iPhone Lenses iPhone Trade-In Deals Key Finders Keyboards (Ergonomic) Kid Trackers (GPS) Kitchen Tech Laptops Mini PCs Mobile Network Modems Online Fax Services Parental Control Apps Phone Carriers Phone Plans Photo Books Photo Calendars Photo Storage Sites Photo-Editing Software Portable Chargers Printers Robot Vacuums Routers Screen Mirroring Devices Smart Home Hubs Smart Home Tech Smart Locks Smart Scales Smart Thermostats Smartphones Smartwatches Soundbars Speakers (Outdoor) Streaming Players Streaming Services TV Antennas TVs TVs (4K/Ultra HD) Virtual Reality Headsets Wi-Fi-Extenders MORE All articles Best picks Drones Car Tech Smart Home Gift Ideas Downloads Login Follow Us Follow Us Subscribe iOS Face-Off Which iOS Assistant Is Best: Siri, Google Assistant or Cortana? by Philip Michaels May 29, 2017, 8:26 AM My iPhone is now packed with helpers. It started with Siri, the digital assistant baked into iOS, that was waiting for me the moment I fired up my iPhone SE for the first time. But now Google is moving in on Apple's turf by releasing an iOS version of Google Assistant, its own take on a helper powered by artificial intelligence. Illustration: Tom's GuideAnd Google Assistant isn't even first app angling to replace Siri as my go-to iPhone helper. Cortana, Microsoft's digital assistant, has been available for iOS devices for more than a year. Downton Abbey doesn't have this much help scurrying about. But which assistant should you turn to for help with everything from sending texts to getting answers for your burning questions? The correct choice seems obvious enough that you wouldn't even need a voice-powered assistant to help you figure it out. Siri is integrated into iOS, so you would think it has the edge over any Johnny-come-lately assistant vying for a space on your iPhone. MORE: 33 Hidden iOS 10 Features You Need to Try And you'd be right for the most part. Siri is extremely convenient, as it's just a Home button press or a "Hey Siri" command away. But Google Assistant for iOS has a few tricks up its virtual sleeve to make the competition closer than you would assume. Here's how Siri, Google Assistant and Cortana measure up as your go-to assistant on the iPhone. Ease of Use Let's start out with the category where it's no contest. Siri is, by far, the easiest to use since Apple integrates it into iOS, and you can summon the assistant from anywhere. Just make a long press on the Home button or say "Hey Siri" — provided you've enabled that feature in Settings — and Apple's built-in assistant springs to life. With Google Assistant and Cortana, you've got to launch those apps before you can ask either one for help. That's an extra step that seemingly negates the convenience of having an assistant on hand. Google Assistant at least throws in a few handy features to make using the app on an iPhone worth your while. When it answers your questions, Google Assistant will also offer up tappable actions that can dive deeper into what you want. (A question about an upcoming Oakland A's game might yield panels that can call up MLB news or the standings.) You can switch to a keyboard for those times you don't want to bark out a request to Google Assistant in public. And Google Assistant ties in rather nicely with other Google apps like Photos and Gmail if you have those on your iPhone. Cortana tries to take on more of a day planner role, with a panel of recommended articles pulled from Bing, the current weather conditions, and an email assistant that alerts you to urgent messages (if you tie-in an email account, that is). Another panel can also show you what traffic's like on your morning commute. As handy as it is to have this information in one place, it seemingly mirrors the Today screen on iOS 10, which I can reach simply by swiping right from my Home screen. Update: There is another way to access Google Assistant and Cortana, though it won't add voice-enabled controls and you'll still have to unlock your phone. You can add a widget for either assistant to the Today screen. Just scroll to the bottom of your Today screen, and tap the edit button: if Cortana or Google Assistant are installed on your phone you can add them to the list of Today screen widgets. Really, both widgets are just glorified shortcuts to accessing the app, but it's better than nothing. Winner: Siri. It's hard to beat an assistant that's immediately accessible when it comes to ease of use. Making Phone Calls Having to dig through your contacts to dial a phone number is drudgery. Better to have an assistant do the grunt work for you, and Siri is tops at this, thanks to its direct line into iOS 10. Tell Siri to call a contact, and the call gets placed immediately. (One complaint: If that contact has both a work and home number, Siri won't always stop to ask you which.) Both Cortana and Google Assistant will dig up phone numbers from your contacts, but you've got to hit the call button yourself to make the call. All three assistants are equally adept at looking up phone numbers such as the number of that nearby pizza place that offers takeout. Only Siri lets you then call with a voice command, though I like the fact that Google Assistant summons up additional information like directions to the place you've just looked up. Winner: Siri. Again, the iOS tie-in gives Apple's assistant the edge. Sending Messages Whether it's sending an email or text, Siri's dominance continues. I could dictate a text message to my wife without ever having to touch — or even unlock — my iPhone. Things get complicated if Siri mishears you and you need to edit the message, but at least Apple's assistant asks you if you're ready to send the text or email before it fires off an error-ridden missive. Google Assistant will happily take dictation on a text message, but you have to tap a button on the screen to send it. It will do the same for mail, provided you've got the Gmail app on your iPhone. I don't — instead I've tied my Gmail account into the built-in Mail app on iOS, but Google Assistant wouldn't take a message there, instead prompting me to download Gmail. Cortana's even less adept with messaging. Ask it to send a text or email, and it will pull up a blank message with the contact filled in, but you've got to do the actual typing. At least, Cortana doesn't require a specific mail client. When I told it to send an email to my wife, it pulled up a message with her contact info filled in — and from my Gmail account no less. (That is when Cortana was able to understand me: three times out of five, it misheard my wife's last name and left the contact info blank.) Winner: Siri. There's no better choice when it comes to hands-free communication. Looking Up Answers At some point during the day, you're going to come up with a burning question you're just dying to answer, but you don't want to endure the vagaries of a web search to find what you're looking for. So which of the assistants available on your iPhone does the best job at tracking down those answers? I asked four questions of each assistant: How many cups are in a pint? What's the longest river in Europe? What day is Christmas on this year? What's the weather like this weekend? Google Assistant was the only one to successfully answer all four questions, though it stumbled a bit when it came to Christmas. (When I phrased the question as "What day is Christmas this year?" Google Assistant told me the date for 2016; only when I rephrased it to "on this year" did Google Assistant produce the right answer. Siri got three of the four questions right, and even threw in a touch of personality on the Christmas question. ("I hope you get the day off," Siri added.) But asking Siri to name the longest river in Europe produced the dreaded "I found something on the web" response where Siri lists a series of search results. Cortana could tell me that the Volga River is the longest in Europe, but was flummoxed about Christmas, asking to see my calendar. Even when I granted permission, it couldn't find anything. Maybe Cortana's just not the celebratory type. Winner: Google Assistant. Google's knowledge graph means fewer virtual shrugs from its digital assistant. Asking Follow-Up Questions Sometimes you don't always get all the information you need with your first question. So how well do Siri, Google Assistant and Cortana deal with follow ups? I asked all three iOS assistants to tell me the score of the Giants game, and all three complied. Then I asked "Who are they playing next?" Siri and Google Assistant dutifully listed the next Giants game on the schedule; Cortana brought up a page of web results, most of which featured upcoming soccer matches. All three assistants also were able to rattle off the stars of Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 2 when I asked. Only Google Assistant, though, successfully listed nearby theaters when I followed up with "Where is it playing?" Siri didn't understand the question; Cortana gave me another list of search results, led off by the definition for "playing." Winner: Google Assistant seems more adept at picking up on the context of your questions, even vaguely worded ones, than the other two assistants. Playing Music We're back in Siri's wheelhouse, at least when it comes to controlling music playback. You can use Siri to play songs, pause them or fast-forward to the next tune, all without ever opening the Music app. Siri can sometimes stumble on song titles — when I asked it to play "Desperado," it thought I wanted to download the 1995 Robert Rodriguez movie as opposed to listening to the Eagles standard. But for the most part, Siri's a great way to access whatever tracks you have stashed in your library. Asking for a song or album in Google Assistant would bring up links to either the Music app or YouTube. Tapping the Music App link would take me to Music, but nothing would play unless I searched for that track in the app. Why even bother with an assistant at that point? As for Cortana, it would either find videos — usually of someone showing you how to play that song on a guitar or keyboard — or links to purchasing that song on Grove or Amazon. Winner: Siri. The other two assistants have no ear for music. Getting Directions Your preference here is likely going to come down to which Maps app you prefer. Ask Siri for directions to a locale, and you'll be given turn-by-turn directions in iOS's Maps. (Funnily enough, asking Cortana for directions takes you to Maps, too.) Google Assistant, on the other hand, will send you to Google Maps, assuming you have that app installed on your phone. Google Assistant seems to do a better job at understanding the names and places of where you want to go. I asked Siri for directions to my daughter's elementary school, which is named after the artist Maya Lin; Siri thought I wanted to go to Myland Park Elementary School, plotting out the 2600-mile journey from my house to Morgantown, West Virginia. Using Google Assistant, I could also summon up alternative directions in Google Maps, like taking a different bridge to reach the San Francisco Airport instead of the Siri-mandated Bay Bridge route. MORE: iOS 10 Maps vs. Google Maps: Which Guides The Best? Winner: Google Assistant recognized my speech more accurately, and the Google Maps tie-in negates Siri's home-field advantage on the iPhone. Making Reservations Ask Siri to book you a table at your favorite and more often than not, you'll get an apologetic message that it can book a table right now. To Siri's credit, it will offer to help you call the restaurant to book the reservation yourself. To Siri's detriment, it has a hard time making sense of difficult restaurant names like the nearby German eatery Speisekammer (which Siri hears as "Spice a Comma). Cortana is even more inept at making dinner reservations, flat out refusing to book a table. If it understands the name of the restaurant, it will bring up an information page where you can place a call to reserve your own table. This is where Google Assistant really shines. I asked to book a table at Café Jolie, and it not only understood my horrible French accent, but walked me through the process of making a reservation using Open Table by asking me how many people were in the party and what time we wanted to eat. Winner: Google Assistant. This isn't even close. Reminders & Events Good news if you want your digital assistant to remind you of tasks, deadlines and to-dos. Siri, Google Assistant and Cortana are all equally up to the task. I told each one to remind me to turn in this story at 10 a.m. And at the appointed hour, reminders from all three assistants popped up on my iPhone's lock screen. (That I didn't file the story on time is something I'd like to blame on them but can't.) All three also do comparable jobs at setting up events on your calendar, though Siri was clever enough to know when I created an event for the first Saturday in June that I meant June 3. (This lack of a specific date flummoxed Cortana.) Google Assistant handled my calendar appointments, too, making them in Google Calendar rather than in the built in Calendar app, so your preference here is likely to come down to which calendar app you prefer. Winner: Siri, but only by the slightest of margins over Google Assistant. Other Actions Last fall's iOS 10 release opened up Siri to more third party apps, and Apple's assistant is the better for it. I can — and have — used Siri to book a ride on Lyft, and I could also ask it to send money to friends through an app like Venmo, start a chat on Skype or start a workout on Runtastic. Apple needs to broaden Siri integration to even more apps, but I suspect we'll hear more about that as soon as June's Worldwide Developer Conference. Google is promising more capabilities for Google Assistant, too, and the biggest coming feature is Google Lens integration. That will allow you to use image recognition capabilities to have the assistant summon up various commands, like buying tickets to a concert when you capture a picture of a concert poster. But that feature hasn't come to Google Assistant just yet. Winner: Siri, though it will be interesting to see how Google Lens-powered feature might change this assessment. Bottom Line As noted when we started, being built and maintained by Apple has its advantages when it comes to digital assistants. You can access Siri at any time on your iPhone as opposed to being forced to launch a specific app, and that's an edge that's difficult for either third-party assistant to overcome. Yet, Google Assistant is nearly up to the task, thanks in large part to its ability to both recognize what you're saying and to put that information in context. I particularly like the way Google Assistant can walk you through tasks like making a dinner reservation or creating a calendar event without throwing up its virtual hands and leaving you all on your own. Siri may be the best choice to act as your iPhone's virtual helper for most tasks, but Google Assistant outshines it in some areas. And hopefully, the arrival of Google Assistant on iOS will push Apple to make some improvements of its own. See Also : Best 'Hey Siri' Tricks for Your iPhone 10 Reasons the iPhone Beats Android Bixby Is Nothing Like Siri, and That's Good The Best iOS Apps You're Not Using (But Should Be) About the author Philip Michaels @PhilipMichaels Philip Michaels is a senior editor at Tom's Guide. He has strong opinions about Apple, the Oakland Athletics and old movies. Follow him at @PhilipMichaels. Read more iOS Google Smartphones iPhone Apple Add a comment Comment Firstname Submit Ask a Category Expert Create a new thread in the iPhone forum about this subject Title Title Subject Publish 2 comments Your comment Markd1555 8 days ago With Google Assistant you can just say "Ok Google" and it springs to life. You don't have to open an app to use it. The report is wrong. I know because I use it all the time 0 Sean_136 7 days ago Soon gave up reading this as the first three so-called 'facts' I read about Google Assistant were wrong. Has this fella even used an Android device?!! 0 2 comments Comment Firstname Submit Most Popular Best iOS Games 2017 33 Hidden iOS 10 Features You Need to Try Google Assistant Comes to iPhone, Adds More Powers The Latest On Tom’s Guide How-To 12 hr How to Get Alexa to Read You a Kindle Book Round-Up 13 hr The 20 Best Kodi Add-Ons Reference 15 hr Help Me, Tom’s Guide: How Do I Move Files to My Android... How-To 19 hr Tekken 7: 8 Essential Tips From a Pro How-To 1 day How to Link Your Calendar with Alexa How-To 1 day 12 Tips for Taking Beautiful Food Pictures Reference 1 day What Is Fixd, and Should You Buy It? Reference 1 day E3 2017 Preview: Xbox Scorpio, The Return of Mario and... Best Picks 2 days Best Phones of 2017 News 2 days Apple WWDC 2017 Preview: iOS 11, a Siri Speaker and Mor... Round-Up 2 days The 10 Best T-Mobile Phones, Ranked Top to Bottom Review 2 days HTC U11 Review: The Best Phone HTC Has Made in Years Get our newsletter About Tom’s Guide About Us Contact Us More Sites Tom's Hardware Laptop Mag Follow Us Terms Of Use Copyright Policy Purch Privacy Policy Advertising U.S. Edition French Edition © 2017 Purch All Rights Reserved.
Slashdot Stories Firehose All Popular Polls Deals Submit Search Slashdot Login or Sign up Topics: Devices Build Entertainment Technology Open Source Science YRO Follow us: RSS Facebook Google+ Twitter Newsletter Become a fan of Slashdot on Facebook   Nickname: Password: Public Terminal Forgot your password? Close binspamdupenotthebestofftopicslownewsdaystalestupid freshfunnyinsightfulinterestingmaybe offtopicflamebaittrollredundantoverrated insightfulinterestinginformativefunnyunderrated descriptive typodupeerror DEAL: For $25 - Add A Second Phone Number To Your Smartphone for life! Use promo code SLASHDOT25. Also, Slashdot's now on IFTTT. Check it out! Check out the new SourceForge HTML5 Internet speed test! × 91362733 story Accused of Underpaying Women, Google Says It's Too Expensive To Get Wage Data (theguardian.com) 431 Posted by BeauHD on Saturday May 27, 2017 @09:00AM from the drop-in-the-bucket dept. An anonymous reader quotes a report from The Guardian: Google argued that it was too financially burdensome and logistically challenging to compile and hand over salary records that the government has requested, sparking a strong rebuke from the U.S. Department of Labor (DoL), which has accused the Silicon Valley firm of underpaying women. Google officials testified in federal court on Friday that it would have to spend up to 500 hours of work and $100,000 to comply with investigators' ongoing demands for wage data that the DoL believes will help explain why the technology corporation appears to be systematically discriminating against women. Noting Google's nearly $28 billion annual income as one of the most profitable companies in the U.S., DoL attorney Ian Eliasoph scoffed at the company's defense, saying, "Google would be able to absorb the cost as easy as a dry kitchen sponge could absorb a single drop of water." business money usa ← You may like to read: → A New Amiga Arrives On the Scene -- the A-EON Amiga X5000 Silicon Valley Investors Call For California To Secede From the US After Trump Win Twitters Says It Will Ban Trump If He Breaks Hate-Speech Rules Twitter Suspends American Far-Right Activists' Accounts Former Engineer Says Uber Is a Nightmare of Sexism; CEO Orders Urgent Investigation When Their Shifts End, Uber Drivers Set Up Camp in Parking Lots Across the US Submission: Accused of Underpaying Women, Google Says It's Too Expensive To Get Wage Data Investigation Demanded Over Fake FCC Comments Submitted By Dead People Accused of Underpaying Women, Google Says It's Too Expensive To Get Wage Data More | Reply Login Accused of Underpaying Women, Google Says It's Too Expensive To Get Wage Data Post Load All Comments  Full  Abbreviated  Hidden /Sea Score: 5 4 3 2 1 0 -1 More | Reply Login   Nickname: Password: Public Terminal Forgot your password? Close Close Search 431 Comments Log In/Create an Account Comments Filter: All Insightful Informative Interesting Funny The Fine Print: The following comments are owned by whoever posted them. We are not responsible for them in any way. If women are paid so much less (Score:5, Insightful) by night_flyer ( 453866 ) writes: on Saturday May 27, 2017 @09:12AM (#54497031) Homepage why isn't their entire workforce made of women, wouldn't it be cheaper that way? Reply to This Share twitter facebook linkedin Flag as Inappropriate Google doesn't know how to get data efficiently (Score:3) by stooo ( 2202012 ) writes: >>Google Says It's Too Expensive To Get Wage Data Yeah. Google. Doesn't know how to get data efficiently. Google. Yeah. Re: (Score:2) by Highdude702 ( 4456913 ) writes: Oh please dont say that too loudly, I dont want to have to deal with that headache.. Just Google the data (Score:2) by OffTheLip ( 636691 ) writes: They already know everything anyway. If only there was a computer to aggregate the data (Score:5, Insightful) by Vermonter ( 2683811 ) writes: on Saturday May 27, 2017 @09:16AM (#54497061) ...some sort of search engine, perhaps. Reply to This Share twitter facebook linkedin Flag as Inappropriate Re: (Score:2) by MangoCats ( 2757129 ) writes: You don't privacy, do you? Really Google? (Score:3, Insightful) by Avantare ( 573582 ) writes: on Saturday May 27, 2017 @09:16AM (#54497065) Why are you afraid of honoring the request? That amount is a pittance to you and the WORLD knows it. The only thing I can think of is that you have been underpaying women since the very first one that was hired and by giving this information to the US government you'll have to come clean and pay a pittance of a fine. Boo hoo... Companies are making record profit from what I see on the Internet and they are not paying their help as they should. Then these companies complain they are unable to hire replacements. It's because the companies don't want to pay the potential employees what they are worth. It takes money to make money and companies that don't want to pay their potential employees are only shooting themselves in the foot. Avantare Reply to This Share twitter facebook linkedin Flag as Inappropriate Re: (Score:2) by phantomfive ( 622387 ) writes: In court, push back hard now, even if you know you will lose, and make your opponent reticent about making requests in the future. Re: (Score:2, Interesting) by Anonymous Coward writes: I agree that chances are they are discriminating, like 90 percent of all corporations do. Thank you for proving parent's "the conclusion has already been drawn" point with your ridiculous statement. Re: Really Google? (Score:2) by thundercattt ( 4205847 ) writes: Men make more because they have to pay for everything for a woman in courtship. Google Knows (Score:5, Insightful) by RotateLeftByte ( 797477 ) writes: on Saturday May 27, 2017 @09:28AM (#54497129) Google Knows everything about everyone. Where you go, what you spend money on and everything else. To say that it can't find out wage data is a pile of crock. Google could if it wanted tell the FBI how much each Agent spent in expenses for the past 5 years. Reply to This Share twitter facebook linkedin Flag as Inappropriate Re: (Score:2) by swillden ( 191260 ) writes: Google Knows everything about everyone. Where you go, what you spend money on and everything else. If that's true, Google should stop showing me ads for things I already bought. Google does not Know (Score:3) by Roger W Moore ( 538166 ) writes: Google Knows everything about everyone. If that were even close to true they would easily know enough about politicians that requests like this would never see the light of day. *facepalm* (Score:2) by Gravis Zero ( 934156 ) writes: 1) Google showed it was incapable of discrimination due to its process. *facepalm* 2) Google took a government contract and doesn't want to comply with the rules of doing so. *facepalm* 3) Google is spending way more effort/money to not hand of the information than if they had. *facepalm* This is all kinds of retarded. *facepalm* Re: (Score:2) by religionofpeas ( 4511805 ) writes: I'm pretty sure Google is not retarded, so you must be missing something here. Re: (Score:3) by BarbaraHudson ( 3785311 ) writes: He's not "missing the point". He's showing that google's rationale is bogus, so anyone with half a brain should realize that google is lying. You can be sure they've already run the analysis and know that they're in for a world of hurt if they give it up. Or are their systems so deficient that they can't provide the data? Or alternatively, purposefully designed so as not to be able to easily provide the data? Re: (Score:2) by religionofpeas ( 4511805 ) writes: You're missing the point. Of course, Google's rationale is bogus. That doesn't make them retarded. Re: (Score:3, Informative) by Anonymous Coward writes: Companies that track employee salary based on voluntary reports of income haven't found that to be the case. https://www.glassdoor.com/research/does-google-have-a-gender-pay-gap/ The Department of Labor hasn’t shared their data or methodology showing how they came to the conclusion that Google has a gender pay problem. In this post, we show that men on average do earn about 16.3 percent more than women at Google. But that’s not a complete or fair comparison, as it compares software engineers and marketing associates as if they’re in the same pay bracket. Instead, when we make an apples-to-apples comparison of workers with similar jobs and backgrounds, that 16.3 percent gender pay gap largely disappears. We find an “adjusted” gender pay gap at Google of about 1.6 percent, which is not statistically significantly different from zero. Put differently, there’s no evidence in salaries on Glassdoor of a systematic gender pay gap at Google. Men and women aren't interested in the same jobs as one another, and some jobs pay more than others, so you're inevitably going to end up with a difference in how one group is paid. Furthermore, stop trying to speak on behalf of real women, you neither think nor behave anything like them. Re: (Score:2) by DontBeAMoran ( 4843879 ) writes: https://i.imgflip.com/1d7bh7.j... [imgflip.com] Re: (Score:2) by currently_awake ( 1248758 ) writes: If the records show illegal paying practices then the cost of that report is much higher than the cost of just the report. Google's new logo (Score:5, Funny) by DontBeAMoran ( 4843879 ) writes: on Saturday May 27, 2017 @09:39AM (#54497199) http://pm1.narvii.com/5779/c3a... [narvii.com] http://i.imgur.com/c7lLo4w.gif [imgur.com] Reply to This Share twitter facebook linkedin Flag as Inappropriate One way to make it cheaper... (Score:2, Funny) by Anonymous Coward writes: They could reduce the cost to $80000 by having women do it. Re: (Score:2) by Highdude702 ( 4456913 ) writes: LOL wow Simple reasoning (Score:3, Insightful) by petes_PoV ( 912422 ) writes: on Saturday May 27, 2017 @10:04AM (#54497287) Let's assume that Google will take the path of least cost. So it's cheaper to send a lawyer to explain the data is too hard to collate So it's cheaper to pay the fine or lose the contract That must tell you something about the cost of "doing the right thing". Not that the cost of obtaining the information is too high, but the cost of fixing whatever the data tells the government is too high. So we can infer that there IS an issue here. It is also reasonable that Google knows this, or it wouldn't be baulking at providing the data (and exploiting the P.R. benefits of showing "there! we do pay people fairly"). The question is whether Google would consider the odds of getting found out and having to pay people more, AND paying a fine for obstructing some dam' law or other, is worth the effort they are going to, to behave in such a manner. Reply to This Share twitter facebook linkedin Flag as Inappropriate Degrees: gender studies != engineering (Score:5, Insightful) by walterbyrd ( 182728 ) writes: on Saturday May 27, 2017 @10:18AM (#54497339) Although feminists will tell you otherwise. Reply to This Share twitter facebook linkedin Flag as Inappropriate Re: (Score:2) by Highdude702 ( 4456913 ) writes: Sure it is, you think there was really all of these other genders? They have 'socially' engineered them. O.o Re: (Score:2, Flamebait) by serviscope_minor ( 664417 ) writes: I think this thread is a nice example of how in any thread about bias in tech the comments always lend evidence to there being bias in tech. Already complied? (Score:3) by bradley13 ( 1118935 ) writes: on Saturday May 27, 2017 @10:35AM (#54497411) Homepage I'd just like to point out that this is a long-running story. As with all complex issues, there are two sides. Yes, Google has to provide a certain amount of information to the government, as part of its government contracts. however, they have already provided quite a lot of information. The DoL is now looking for historical information, and wants to interview a wide range of employees throughout the company. This is beyond the usual level of stuff that government contractors have to provide. The DoL claims that this is because they find discrepancies in male/female pay at Google. Now, I have zero knowledge of Google's internal pay practices, but on the face of it, this is extraordinarily unlikely. First of all, the IT industry wage-gap has already been thoroughly debunked: a gap only exists if you deliberately ignore things like years taken off for childcare, which result in less experience and missed promotion opportunities. Second, Google is big enough, and under enough observation, that their HR department will be extraordinarily careful about issues like this. All of which leads me to suspect that there's a hidden motive here. Maybe someone in the DoL is trying to make a name for themselves? Maybe there's a private lawsuit waiting in the wings, hoping for a big settlement? Maybe someone is just hoping to be bought off, possibly via a revolving door? Dunno what the agenda is, but I'll give odds that it's something at least borderline corrupt on the part of the DoL... Reply to This Share twitter facebook linkedin Flag as Inappropriate anxiety harp string (Score:2) by epine ( 68316 ) writes: Maybe someone in the DoL is trying to make a name for themselves? A universal lightning rod offered up to people who are tired of thinking. In my experience, either a person already views the world through this lens—in which case it's redundant—or a person tries extremely hard not to open this appalling box until some directly corroborating evidence forces the issue—in which case floating the possibility prematurely without offering up a smoking gun (or at least a lipstick-stained cigarette Let me help them out.... (Score:2) by ewhenn ( 647989 ) writes: Select * FROM employeeDB where gender='F' ORDER BY role, year DESC Select * FROM employeeDB where Gender='M' ORDER BY role, year DESC There you go. Re: (Score:2) by alvinrod ( 889928 ) writes: Did you assume there are only two genders? That's a very grave sin, my child. That'll be 10 "Our Mothers" and 20 "Hail Dworkins" as penance. Can't the government use tax data? (Score:5, Insightful) by PrimaryConsult ( 1546585 ) writes: on Saturday May 27, 2017 @11:19AM (#54497611) The government already knows how much everyone makes and whether they are female. They should get it from the IRS and mine it themselves. Reply to This Share twitter facebook linkedin Flag as Inappropriate I wonder if this was said with a straight face? (Score:2) by Dallas May ( 4891515 ) writes: I mean, the company's mission statement is literally to compile ALL of the information in the world. But their own pay roll is too hard for them. That's funny. Spurious correlation with incentive-based pay (Score:4, Interesting) by shanen ( 462549 ) writes: on Saturday May 27, 2017 @07:24PM (#54499383) Homepage Journal If you study the google a bit, it seems obvious to me (after reading many of those books) that the extreme incentive policies could easily create the appearance of gender discrimination that reflect actual compensation results. To summarize briefly, if a particular googler is involved in an extremely successful project, then that googler will get obscenely more money than others, even though they are doing the same kind of work. I don't think this favors men because they are inherently more skilled, harder workers, or even luckier. The two most likely causes are related to gender, however: Willingness to take extreme risks and prioritization of work over life. On that basis, I think has two primary secrets they are trying to conceal here: (1) How they protect losers from failure because they want to encourage risky behaviors. (And even with that insurance, I think women are more risk averse on average.) (2) That work-life balance at the google is really a lie and the company is dominated in every way (including in compensation) by workaholics. The strong incentive pay just makes it look worse and might make the google look more EVIL than it is. If that is possible. Makes me sad how the unbounded love of money turned the good google into such a monster. The motto of today's google: "All your attention are belong to us." The ultimate threat is when people realize that all of the world's information has been prioritized to the BS info the advertisers are paying the google to shove down our throats by abusing our privacy and by raping our personal information. All in a futile quest to solve an unsolvable problem. There is no biggest number and there is no profit that is big enough to "solve" super-greed. As usual, today's Slashdot has been disappointing, though at least it isn't evil as we measure the google. In particular I lament the lack of funny comments. However I just got the weird idea for units of EVIL measured in googlevils? Should be shorter, but something along those lines. Reply to This Share twitter facebook linkedin Flag as Inappropriate Re:Not Googles Job (Score:5, Funny) by frank_adrian314159 ( 469671 ) writes: on Saturday May 27, 2017 @09:07AM (#54497015) Homepage Another tech guy afraid of getting numbers. The numbers will show what the numbers will show. What's the matter - stats scare you in school? Or was it girls? Reply to This Parent Share twitter facebook linkedin Flag as Inappropriate Re: (Score:3, Interesting) by religionofpeas ( 4511805 ) writes: It's easy to get the numbers for the salaries, but how are you going to accurately get the numbers for job type, productivity, experience and skill level ? Re:Not Googles Job (Score:5, Insightful) by Baron_Yam ( 643147 ) writes: on Saturday May 27, 2017 @09:29AM (#54497147) >how are you going to accurately get the numbers for job type, productivity, experience and skill level ? Traditionally... by ignoring productivity and experience, and using seniority as a stand-in for skill level. In other words, there is no practical way to do it since you need to individually perform a detailed historical analysis of each person's output, including adjusting for where others have helped or hindered. It'd be faster just to do the work over again. Reply to This Parent Share twitter facebook linkedin Flag as Inappropriate Re:Not Googles Job (Score:4, Insightful) by religionofpeas ( 4511805 ) writes: on Saturday May 27, 2017 @09:34AM (#54497169) In other words, there is no practical way to do it since you need to individually perform a detailed historical analysis of each person's output, including adjusting for where others have helped or hindered Which makes the whole debate pointless. Reply to This Parent Share twitter facebook linkedin Flag as Inappropriate Re: (Score:3, Insightful) by religionofpeas ( 4511805 ) writes: because a systematic bias will show anyway if there is one, If you don't compensate for job performance, the bias is meaningless. You need to learn a lot more about statistics. Re: (Score:2) by dimko ( 1166489 ) writes: You still have to proove it's systematic bias and not something else. If guys are paid more, it's due to natural reasons, like them working overtimes and not being pregnant for 2 years. Re:Not Googles Job (Score:4, Funny) by murdocj ( 543661 ) writes: on Saturday May 27, 2017 @08:19PM (#54499529) Man, those women who get pregnant for 2 years must be pretty pissed off. Reply to This Parent Share twitter facebook linkedin Flag as Inappropriate Re: (Score:3) by Pinky's Brain ( 1158667 ) writes: Reality has a systematic bias, while social "sciences" have a systematic bias towards being retarded. An unfortunate combination when they get to give evidence to judge you of thought crime. Re: (Score:2) by AmiMoJo ( 196126 ) writes: In a large organization like Google there will usually be multiple people working on similar, if not identical things. So there can be comparisons between those people. Beyond that, they can look at things like qualifications, time at the company, projects worked on, and annual reviews. It's imperfect, but also far better than doing nothing. Re: (Score:2) by religionofpeas ( 4511805 ) writes: Beyond that, they can look at things like qualifications, time at the company, projects worked on, and annual reviews. It's imperfect, but also far better than doing nothing. Brace yourself for people claiming that the review process is sexist. Re: (Score:3) by yndrd1984 ( 730475 ) writes: Anti-feminists want you to think that bias is undetectable and that all methods of evaluating it are flawed. They would prefer we didn't even try, it seems. You don't have to be anti-anything to see that a major part of the issue is that some of the more 'enthusiastic' feminists are quite happy to lie about statistics, even when they're easily disproved: "Full time women make 78% of what full time men make" is true, but they have to add "for the same job!" which makes it false. Twisting the results of possibly useful studies into "1 in 3 men would rape it they could get away with it" and "25% of college women are raped" [psychologytoday.com]. With a single false story Rolling Stone Re:Not Googles Job (Score:4, Insightful) by serviscope_minor ( 664417 ) writes: on Sunday May 28, 2017 @01:05PM (#54501703) Journal You don't have to be anti-anything to see that a major part of the issue is that some of the more 'enthusiastic' feminists are quite happy to lie about statistics, even when they're easily disproved: So? Some of the most enthusiastic anti-feminists and MGTOWs are also prepared to lie about statistics and completely make shit up. If you only focus on the nuttiest people you can find, then you will find that everyone you look at is incredibly nutty. If members of a movement make false statements, You can dismiss literally any movement, no matter how sensible, with that. Anything large enough to be a movement is large enough to attract at least one total nutcase. Even if the proportion is low in terms of raw numbers any large movement will have a lot of nutcases. Reply to This Parent Share twitter facebook linkedin Flag as Inappropriate Re: (Score:3) by Baron_Yam ( 643147 ) writes: It has been my experience that any significant bias is already known and an accepted part of the culture, not some well-intentioned effort unknowingly failing to be fair. And the review processes are usually HR bullshit. And the people pushing them use bad logic and misleading stats to push an agenda. What you really need is to have a company not run by assholes... or given how rare that is, at least a company whose particular brand of assholes aren't sexist. Re:Not Googles Job (Score:5, Informative) by Presence Eternal ( 56763 ) writes: on Saturday May 27, 2017 @10:58AM (#54497501) For a lot of companies that might work as a line of reasoning. But Google's bread and butter is data analysis of behaviors. Their ability to find this data is more powerful than anyone else's and they already have it and use it to make money. So, yes, it is literally their job. Identifying gender pay disparity is the kind of project they used to knock off in an afternoon, release to the public, then abandon after three years because "only" a few million people used it. Reply to This Parent Share twitter facebook linkedin Flag as Inappropriate Re: (Score:3) by thegarbz ( 1787294 ) writes: This sounds like the kind of thing that should be given to an Analytics company. Preferably one that knows a lot of details about everyone on the planet. Seriously, experience? Skill Level? I'll bet you Google could correlate the breakfast its employees eat to their coding style, let alone such basic things you suggest which are stored in a company database somewhere and can be sucked out by an intern with 5min of SQL. Re: (Score:3) by thegarbz ( 1787294 ) writes: What the? This is a government reportable, not a money making product. You do the bare minimum and if it doesn't work you claim the "well we tried" card. But SQL isn't going to tell you whose annual review misrepresents their value to the company because the reviewer had subconscious biases. That's also not what the government is asking for, and rule one of providing things to the government: Never provide more than you absolutely have to. Exception to rule 1: Provide absolutely everything and hope they never find what you didn't want them to see in the first place. Careful What You Wish For (Score:2) by Kunedog ( 1033226 ) writes: When Audi made a cringy, virtue-signaling Super Bowl ad and got called out over it, they ended up debunking the wage gap in a single tweet: https://twitter.com/audi/statu... [twitter.com] Re: (Score:2) by AmazingRuss ( 555076 ) writes: The numbers will show that girls have cooties. Re:Not Googles Job (Score:4, Interesting) by Aighearach ( 97333 ) writes: on Saturday May 27, 2017 @03:13PM (#54498589) Homepage This is big stuff in information economics. Liking numbers isn't enough. People using information theory in business these days, people who read Stiglitz, understand that information as a cost. That is why wages stagnate instead of dropping during a bad recession; it would cost money to find out what the new balance of worker supply/demand is. If you go too far you would lose workers; by the time you get that feedback, you've already received the harm. There is no free warning system. Same problem here; wages and worker supply is constantly changing, you'd have to do expensive studies on a continuous basis to ever have this information. No employer does that, and none would. It is just asking too much. Like the summary points out, the actual pay at issue is a tiny amount of money and there is no reason for google to avoid paying it. Which is true; they would certainly prefer to have wage fairness! But they also need to be using a pay system based on perceived merit, so that they have healthy feedback loops. It might actually be better to have government track worker pay across the economy, and provide the wage information that they want businesses to consider in their hiring practices. Each worker is different and has different value, so you need a detailed system to account for what you value in a worker if you're really going to make decisions that would have improved outcomes. It isn't enough to pay based on an underwear check, because the Shapiro-Stiglitz efficiency wage model requires employers to target wages to minimize shirking. In a factory that is easier, but in professional work it requires individualized pay packages. Even if not personalized, you'd need a large number of pay levels that people can be placed at, and so it is effectively the same and will also have the same marginal problems with bias and fairness. Reply to This Parent Share twitter facebook linkedin Flag as Inappropriate Re: (Score:3) by IAN ( 30 ) writes: Isn't ad hominem literally sexist? Not necessarily. Latin homo can, and usually does, stand for "human being" in general. Male and female of the species are vir and mulier, respectively. Re:Not Googles Job (Score:5, Informative) by Richard_at_work ( 517087 ) writes: <richardprice AT gmail DOT com> on Saturday May 27, 2017 @09:08AM (#54497019) The requirement to provide the data is part of the government contracts Google has taken on, so yes it is Googles job to do the governments bidding in this case. Reply to This Parent Share twitter facebook linkedin Flag as Inappropriate Re: (Score:3) by Antique Geekmeister ( 740220 ) writes: Even if the data is critical for this case, it can then be used for other government investigations such as those for tax evasion, H1B abuse, and potentially for civic lawsuits by current and former Google staff for abusive hiring practices. I'm not insisting that there is evidence of such abuses, but rather that the data would then be available for other investigations by other governmental or even private agencies who can subpoena the records. Re: (Score:2) by postbigbang ( 761081 ) writes: Oh wait, they have Kubernetes! And computers and stuff. Big coder-thinkers, and cars with no drivers! They can do it! C'mon, Googlies, you can do it! All that big data stuff is full of great information for everyone! Especially the US Government. Wow, I'm sure they're going to do this, it would be so helpful to everyone, right? Do no harm! That's their motto! I love them! They'll do the right thing, I just know it!!!! Re: (Score:2) by bill_mcgonigle ( 4333 ) * writes: I'm not insisting that there is evidence of such abuses, "Show me the man and I will show you the crime." -Beria Google would be fiscally stupid to comply with the request, even if it wanted to. https://www.youtube.com/watch?... [youtube.com] Re:Not Googles Job (Score:5, Insightful) by geekmux ( 1040042 ) writes: on Saturday May 27, 2017 @09:31AM (#54497153) Its not Googles job to do the governments bidding. Furthermore, Google has no incentive to comply because even if the data shows that they are entirely innocent, such facts wont matter to the SJW's. If Google wants to continue to do business with the government, then it is their fucking job to comply. That effort is either worth it, or it's not. Don't want to comply? Then step away from all government contracts. Plain and simple. Reply to This Parent Share twitter facebook linkedin Flag as Inappropriate I suspect (Score:2) by maroberts ( 15852 ) writes: The government may need Google more than Google needs them Re: (Score:2) by BarbaraHudson ( 3785311 ) writes: And if google acts like they're a monopoly, they'd better be ready to suffer the consequences of being broken up in terms of loss of power. Re: (Score:2) by Rick Schumann ( 4662797 ) writes: I'm no SJW but it seems to me that the difference between what men and women are paid to do identical work is a Real Thing, and it makes me shake my head in sadness that we're still living in a world where aside from sexism, there's also racism, bigotry, ignorance, superstition, and religious militantism. The human race is, at it's best, capable of so much more, able to reach so much higher than it currently does, yet we keep getting dragged down to a level just a hair above non-sentient animals, revealing Re:Not Googles Job (Score:5, Insightful) by religionofpeas ( 4511805 ) writes: on Saturday May 27, 2017 @11:04AM (#54497537) I'm no SJW but it seems to me that the difference between what men and women are paid to do identical work You're assuming that they do identical work, with identical performance. Before you go any further, you'll need to provide proof that this is true. Reply to This Parent Share twitter facebook linkedin Flag as Inappropriate Re: (Score:3, Insightful) by religionofpeas ( 4511805 ) writes: Can you prove his assumption, that a man gets paid more for the same job, isn't true? Hey moron, the poster is making the assumption, so he or she needs to provide the proof, moron. Re:Not Googles Job (Score:4, Informative) by yndrd1984 ( 730475 ) writes: on Sunday May 28, 2017 @05:35AM (#54500651) There is plenty of proof that men get paid more, moron. Nobody in this thread disputed that. Proof that there is no pay bias? Hah! There have been plenty of studies that looked at the wage gap and found that after adjusting for things like hours worked, travel/commute, work environment (indoor/outdoor), and non-financial perks there is only a 2-6% gap left unexplained - roughly the same as the difference between right and left handed people, tall and short men, and other gaps that we know exist but don't care about. And because every single time there was a trade-off to be made men were more likely than women to choose the extra money, it's quite possible that the remaining gap can be explained by some other factor that hasn't been accounted for. Hey moron ... Open your mind to facts instead of mindlessly believing shit? ... And it doesn't end at work ... Just another reason men die younger. Women get fed up and leave, and they lose their "built-in housekeeper" and can't fend for themselves. ... Or did you think that clean underwear magically picked itself off the floor where you left it, jumped into the washing machine, and snuck back into your dresser? You don't see the disparity because you're so used to it everywhere that you've become blind to it. Someone asked someone else for evidence, and you responded with a series of bland insults, changed the subject, and went on a rant. The only positive thing I can say about this is that I prefer that bigots be open about their prejudice, and for that I thank you. On the other hand, this rage against half the human race can't be good for you or the men around you. Please get help. Reply to This Parent Share twitter facebook linkedin Flag as Inappropriate Re: Not Googles Job (Score:2) by cyber-vandal ( 148830 ) writes: Hollywood, of course, is exactly like the IT industry. Re: (Score:2) by jellomizer ( 103300 ) writes: Well Google being publicly traided on a size borderline monopoly, has a tag line of not being evil. While may not be its job, it would be to their self interest to know this data and make sure to correct any inequalities in its workforce. Otherwise they may be opening themselves for future legal problems. West Coast based IT companies are notoriously bad in diversity in their workforce compared to East Coast IT workers who are often older, more gender and race diversity. Re: (Score:2) by J Story ( 30227 ) writes: It sounds to me like the demand is getting into the "takings clause" territory, which prevents private property from being used for public purposes without just compensation. I'm guessing the reason it would cost so much is because Google doesn't want to return a simple "SELECT GENDER, SALARY FROM EMPLOYEES", but provide more detailed information that it believes supports its position. Re: (Score:3) by rholtzjr ( 928771 ) writes: WHAT???? They are a US company, right? There are US regulations on the books, right? They have stated that they are an EEOC employer, right I think that pretty much says YES, they must do the governments bidding. At least in this instance. Re: (Score:2) by Rockoon ( 1252108 ) writes: By that logic, you as a person continue to live at my pleasure. Re: (Score:2) by serviscope_minor ( 664417 ) writes: By what logic? That makes no sense! A limited liability corporation is a legal fiction that exists only because the government says it exists. You are not a legal fiction and exist no matter what anyone says. Re: (Score:2) by Immerman ( 2627577 ) writes: With the possible exception of "Eat lead", "There can be only one", and other similar sentiments.... Re: (Score:3) by jedidiah ( 1196 ) writes: Corporation is not a person. Never was really. The idea that it is is just bad jurisprudence taken too far. Re: (Score:2) by JoeyRox ( 2711699 ) writes: I don't disagree that it should be illegal, but in a "free" country the government wouldn't have the right to mandate wages or what an employer wants to pay a man vs a women for a contract that both parties enter into voluntarily. Re: (Score:3) by BarbaraHudson ( 3785311 ) writes: Not really -while some SJWs are in it for the money, google's not doing it for the money. They're doing it for a shitload of money. Re: (Score:2) by religionofpeas ( 4511805 ) writes: google's not doing it for the money. They're doing it for a shitload of money. Not really, if the men are making more money for the same job, a simple solution would be to lower their salaries to match their female counterparts. That would actually save money for Google. Re: (Score:2) by sjames ( 1099 ) writes: Google signed a number of contracts with the government of their own free will. This request is being made under those contracts. If they didn't want to handle requests like this, they were free to not sign (and not take the money, of course). Re: (Score:3) by ShanghaiBill ( 739463 ) writes: Good thing that's not how court orders work. It is not a court order. It is an administrative request from the DoL. Re:Do women negotiate? (Score:4, Insightful) by bill_mcgonigle ( 4333 ) * writes: on Saturday May 27, 2017 @10:23AM (#54497361) Homepage Journal You can't just say "We paid the men more because they asked for more." Can you just say, "we paid the people more who asked for more"? That's how salaries work in the US culture, for better or for worse. Malfeasance not required. One sub-group that gets really screwed: aspies. Don't tell a class-action lawyer that's epigenetic, though. Reply to This Parent Share twitter facebook linkedin Flag as Inappropriate Re: (Score:2) by religionofpeas ( 4511805 ) writes: No. It doesn't matter what you "say". It only matters what you "do". If you systematically pay men and women differently on any basis other than their ability to do their job, they you are breaking the law. I'm not familiar with US law, but does it really say that it's illegal to negotiate about salaries ? Can you provide a link to that law ? Re: (Score:2) by ShanghaiBill ( 739463 ) writes: I'm not familiar with US law, but does it really say that it's illegal to negotiate about salaries ? No. Negotiating is legal, as long as it doesn't lead to systematic bias. Re: (Score:3) by religionofpeas ( 4511805 ) writes: And yet you're arguing about it. No, I'm not. I'm asking a question. If you are systematically paying women with the job relevant skills in the same roles different amounts then it's illegal. Even if the average woman makes less than the average man, that doesn't mean there's a systematic gender bias. It could simply be that the man performed better, asked for a raise, and got one. Does the law say that if one person gets a raise, that everybody else with the same job description should get an identical raise ? Re: (Score:2) by ShanghaiBill ( 739463 ) writes: It could simply be that the man performed better If that is based on objective criteria, it is legal. Pay can differ based on performance and qualifications. If cannot systematically differ FOR ANY OTHER REASON. Does the law say that if one person gets a raise, that everybody else with the same job description should get an identical raise ? No. But if your policy of "give anyone a raise if and only if they ask for one" results in systematically different pay for equally qualified men and women, you are breaking the law. If men are more assertive about asking for raises, then you either need to learn to say "no" or you need to give equal raises to similarly qualified women, whether t Re: (Score:3) by religionofpeas ( 4511805 ) writes: If men are more assertive about asking for raises, then you either need to learn to say "no" or you need to give equal raises to similarly qualified women, whether they ask or not. Why make an exception for women ? Why don't the non-assertive men get a raise too ? But if your policy of "give anyone a raise if and only if they ask for one" results in systematically different pay for equally qualified men and women, you are breaking the law. What if you give a raise to anybody who performs exceptionally well, and that happens to result in more men getting a raise ? Re: (Score:2) by ShanghaiBill ( 739463 ) writes: Why make an exception for women ? Because the law says so. Gender is a protected class [wikipedia.org]. Why don't the non-assertive men get a raise too ? Because they are not a legally protected class. If you want to change that, write your congressperson. Good luck. What if you give a raise to anybody who performs exceptionally well, and that happens to result in more men getting a raise ? If you can back up that claim with objective evidence, it is legal. Re: (Score:3) by religionofpeas ( 4511805 ) writes: Thanks for the links. According to the Equal Pay Act of 1963, there are plenty of legal ways to pay women less than men, as long as it isn't based directly on sex. "(d) (1) No employer having employees subject to any provisions of this section shall discriminate, within any establishment in which such employees are employed, between employees on the basis of sex by paying wages to employees in such establishment at a rate less than the rate at which he pays wages to employees of the opposite sex in such establishment for equal work on jobs the performance of which requires equal skill, effort, and responsibility, and which are performed under similar working conditions, except where such payment is made pursuant to (i) a seniority system; (ii) a merit system; (iii) a system which measures earnings by quantity or quality of production; or (iv) a differential based on any other factor other than sex: Provided, That an employer who is paying a wage rate differential in violation of this subsection shall not, in order to comply with the provisions of this subsection, reduce the wage rate of any employee. It doesn't say anything about negotiations. Re: (Score:2) by zippthorne ( 748122 ) writes: Do men "negotiate harder" or are men more likely to accept the risk of rejection? The former could be tested by having professional negotiators to separate the candidate from the employer for that part of the hiring process. But the latter can't. If your negotiator comes back with a number and says they think they can get more with another round, at some point the decision belongs to the candidate. Re: (Score:2) by ShanghaiBill ( 739463 ) writes: if you do nothing, but a difference in the aggregate world is indirectly observable through your aggregate behaviour, you have still done nothing. Whether is is "wrong" is subjective. Whether is is "legal" is not. Salary discrimination by gender is against the law, and the judge isn't going to give a crap about your rationalizations. Re: (Score:2) by religionofpeas ( 4511805 ) writes: Salary discrimination by gender is against the law, and the judge isn't going to give a crap about your rationalizations. What if a company determines salary by a completely objective method, independent of gender, that results in a systematic difference between men and women ? Re: (Score:2) by ShanghaiBill ( 739463 ) writes: What if a company determines salary by a completely objective method, independent of gender, that results in a systematic difference between men and women ? If your hiring process results in a systematic difference in pay between equally qualified men and women, then you are breaking the law. The process does not make it illegal. The end result does. Re: (Score:2) by religionofpeas ( 4511805 ) writes: If your hiring process results in a systematic difference in pay between equally qualified men and women, then you are breaking the law. If they used a 'completely objective method, independent of gender', and they find a systematic difference, then they must not be equally qualified. Re: (Score:3) by ShanghaiBill ( 739463 ) writes: Aspies are not a legally protected class. They are in the UK. It's a learning disability. Aspergers is not a learning disability, it is a learning advantage. I am an Aspie. Aspies can tune out distractions, and focus on learning and absorbing knowledge far better than neuro-normals. I have little difficulty memorizing copious quantities of information. I could crush any opponent at Trivial Pursuit, back when people still played it. When coding, I can remember the calling convention of every library routine. I can learn a new language in a weekend well enough to debug other people's programs. Re: (Score:3) by Cederic ( 9623 ) writes: Sadly all jobs require social skills and anybody that wants to pursue a career beyond programming kind of needs them. There are also significant differences in how Aspergers impacts people. Some people can mask their social skill gap, others are defined by it. A support group I used to attend had people present that could barely function in society - they had council appointed carers with them. So although it may not be preventing you achieving success and being happy, it is recognised as a disability and tha Re: (Score:2) by religionofpeas ( 4511805 ) writes: What if you negotiate a more challenging job ? For example, one person could get a job title that says "software engineer 150k", while another gets a title that says "software engineer 140k". Re: (Score:3) by Aighearach ( 97333 ) writes: It is illegal to systematically pay equally qualified men and women differently. Exactly, and since they're not doing that, they don't have information about why there might still be a difference anyway. If they had a mind-reading machine, they could just scan the HR department and find out who had exercised a bias. Traditionally, the company is informed that there is a problem by the employee, who provides some of the information. When there is a complaint in an actual instance, they have something they can look into. Here, they're being asked some really general questions that encompass Re: (Score:2) by Highdude702 ( 4456913 ) writes: noooo the government would NEVER impose unnecessary restrictions on people/companies.. Re:Fucking Feminists (Score:5, Insightful) by Cederic ( 9623 ) writes: on Saturday May 27, 2017 @04:44PM (#54498905) Journal And yet.. nobody can find evidence of wage gaps within an employer. The internet should be full of examples. There should be dozens or hundreds just from the Fortune 500 companies alone. Yet.. there isn't. There are isolated individual cases. There is bullshit about total career earnings, or comparisons between contact centre staff and board members. Fuck this shit. I'm bored with it. I get paid less than my peers and I'm doing something about it: I'm quitting and getting another job. I'm not bitching about the fact that one of them is a different skin colour or that another is female, I'm doing something constructive about the situation. Reply to This Parent Share twitter facebook linkedin Flag as Inappropriate Re: (Score:3) by BarbaraHudson ( 3785311 ) writes: Estrogens also result in increased strength and muscle mass [nih.gov], same fashion testosterone does. But unlike testosterone, it doesn't give rise to unstable emotions, it actually reduces them. And also unlike testosterone, it increases lifespan by 3 years over women who aren't on HRT for menopause. Studies done on male volunteers with just a single 4mg estrogen patch showed a calming influence without any increase in emotional instability. The "well-documented effect on all manner of behaviours" is bullshit if y Re:Fucking Feminists (Score:4, Interesting) by ChrisMaple ( 607946 ) writes: on Saturday May 27, 2017 @09:25PM (#54499669) A steady dose of 17-beta-estradiol (say about 2 milligrams a day) will cause depression in most otherwise healthy males. I suppose depression is "stable", but it isn't healthy. Reply to This Parent Share twitter facebook linkedin Flag as Inappropriate Re: (Score:3) by ChrisMaple ( 607946 ) writes: You don't have to account for other factors, just sex and salary. Have you ever seen a woman work an 80 hour week? I haven't. There may be more comments in this discussion. Without JavaScript enabled, you might want to turn on Classic Discussion System in your preferences instead. Related Links Top of the: day, week, month. 1368 commentsSilicon Valley Investors Call For California To Secede From the US After Trump Win 1058 commentsTwitters Says It Will Ban Trump If He Breaks Hate-Speech Rules 978 commentsTwitter Suspends American Far-Right Activists' Accounts 917 commentsFormer Engineer Says Uber Is a Nightmare of Sexism; CEO Orders Urgent Investigation 726 commentsWhen Their Shifts End, Uber Drivers Set Up Camp in Parking Lots Across the US next Investigation Demanded Over Fake FCC Comments Submitted By Dead People 140 comments previous A New Amiga Arrives On the Scene -- the A-EON Amiga X5000 118 comments Slashdot Top Deals Slashdot Post Moderate Moderator Help Delete Get more comments 100 of 431 loaded Submit Story Do you guys know what you're doing, or are you just hacking? FAQ Story Archive Hall of Fame Advertising Terms Privacy Opt Out Choices About Feedback Mobile View Blog Trademarks property of their respective owners. Comments owned by the poster. Copyright © 2017 SlashdotMedia. All Rights Reserved. Close Close Slashdot Working...
SECTIONS Home Market Companies Economy Tech Auto Mutual Funds Stocks Currency Opinions Todays Paper E-Paper Horoscope Photos Video Photo Story Home Industry Technology Apple races to catch up with Amazon, Alphabet, plans dedicated chip to power artificial intelligence on devices Apple races to catch up with Amazon, Alphabet, plans dedicated chip to power artificial intelligence on devices Apple Inc. got an early start in artificial intelligence software with the 2011 introduction of Siri, a tool that lets users operate their smartphones with voice commands. By: Bloomberg | Published: May 27, 2017 6:23 PM Apple Inc. got an early start in artificial intelligence software with the 2011 introduction of Siri, a tool that lets users operate their smartphones with voice commands. (Reuters) Apple Inc. got an early start in artificial intelligence software with the 2011 introduction of Siri, a tool that lets users operate their smartphones with voice commands. Now the electronics giant is bringing artificial intelligence to chips. Apple is working on a processor devoted specifically to AI-related tasks, according to a person familiar with the matter. The chip, known internally as the Apple Neural Engine, would improve the way the company’s devices handle tasks that would otherwise require human intelligence — such as facial recognition and speech recognition, said the person, who requested anonymity discussing a product that hasn’t been made public. Apple declined to comment. Engineers at Apple are racing to catch their peers at Amazon.com Inc. and Alphabet Inc. in the booming field of artificial intelligence. While Siri gave Apple an early advantage in voice-recognition, competitors have since been more aggressive in deploying AI across their product lines, including Amazon’s Echo and Google’s Home digital assistants. An AI-enabled processor would help Cupertino, California-based Apple integrate more advanced capabilities into devices, particularly cars that drive themselves and gadgets that run augmented reality, the technology that superimposes graphics and other information onto a person’s view of the world. “Two of the areas that Apple is betting its future on require AI,” said Gene Munster, former Apple analyst and co-founder of venture capital firm Loup Ventures. “At the core of augmented reality and self-driving cars is artificial intelligence.” Improved Performance Apple devices currently handle complex artificial intelligence processes with two different chips: the main processor and the graphics chip. The new chip would let Apple offload those tasks onto a dedicated module designed specifically for demanding artificial intelligence processing, allowing Apple to improve battery performance. Should Apple bring the chip out of testing and development, it would follow other semiconductor makers that have already introduced dedicated AI chips. Qualcomm Inc.’s latest Snapdragon chip for smartphones has a module for handling artificial intelligence tasks, while Google announced its first chip, called the Tensor Processing Unit (TPU), in 2016. That chip worked in Google’s data centers to power search results and image-recognition. At its I/O conference this year, Google announced a new version that will be available to clients of its cloud business. Nvidia Corp. also sells a similar chip to cloud customers. You May Also Like To Watch This: The Apple AI chip is designed to make significant improvements to Apple’s hardware over time, and the company plans to eventually integrate the chip into many of its devices, including the iPhone and iPad, according to the person with knowledge of the matter. Apple has tested prototypes of future iPhones with the chip, the person said, adding that it’s unclear if the component will be ready this year. Apple’s operating systems and software features would integrate with devices that include the chip. For example, Apple has considered offloading facial recognition in the photos application, some parts of speech recognition, and the iPhone’s predictive keyboard to the chip, the person said. Apple also plans to offer developer access to the chip so third-party apps can also offload artificial intelligence-related tasks, the person said. Developer Conference Apple may choose to discuss some of its latest advancements in AI at its annual developer’s conference in June. At the same conference, Apple plans to introduce iOS 11, its new operating system for iPhones and iPads, with an updated user-interface, people with knowledge of the matter said last month. The company is also said to discuss updated laptops with faster chips from Intel Corp. An AI chip would join a growing list of processors that Apple has created in-house. The company began designing its own main processors for the iPhone and iPad in 2010 with the A4 chip. It has since released dedicated processors to power the Apple Watch, the motion sensors across its products, the wireless components inside of its AirPods, and the fingerprint scanner in the MacBook Pro. The company has also tested a chip to run the low-power mode on Mac laptops. In 2015, Bloomberg reported that Apple’s culture of secrecy stymied the iPhone maker’s ability to attract top AI research talent. Since then, Apple has acquired multiple companies with deep ties to artificial intelligence, has begun publishing papers related to AI research, has joined a key research group and has made hires from the field. In October 2016, Apple hired Russ Salakhutdinov from Carnegie Mellon University as its director of AI research. J Jack Smith May 28, 2017 at 5:39 pm Apple has become the vapor ware company and it really saddens me. We hear that Apple will do a self driving car but then nothing. Apple will do a TV streaming service and we get nada! Apple will create their own cloud and even gets a code name of McQueen but nothing produced. Continue spending over 600m a year to use Google cloud and still has a large chunk running on AWS. Apple resorts to leaking something so they do not look so pathetic and we get nothing. I remember when Apple kept things secret and close to the vest and then when it was done and really something surprised us and completely blew us away and then I loved those words and you can buy it today! I have goose bumps right now. This is not my Apple any longer. Reply Don't Miss ISRO GSAT-19 satellite launch on GSLV MkIII: Here are 5 amazing facts about India's monster rocket engine With property prices crashing, is it a good thing to buy a house or go for rent? After NTPC's Rs 28,000 cr capex plan revealed, Centre waives buyback offer that could have netted it Rs 8,000 cr Good news: Under GST regime, your clothes bill unlikely to rise Saudi, Bahrain, Egypt and UAE cut ties with Qatar for supporting terror ISRO to launch India's heaviest satellite GSLV Mk III today; here's what Chinese media is saying Bandipora attack: Four terrorists killed as security forces foil suicide attack on CRPF camp at Sumbal in Jammu and Kashmir Yogi Adityanath government to install statues of OBC, upper caste icons in Mayawati parks in UP IT industry layoffs: For employees, here's what is the need of the hour Uttar Pradesh bus accident: 22 dead, several injured after collision with truck on Bareilly national highway Business Gallery India vs Pakistan ICC Champions Trophy: Virat Kohli, Yuvraj Singh power India to a strong total; check pics London terror attack: 7 people killed at London Bridge and Borough Street; cops gun down 3 terrorists Narendra Modi France visit: From terrorism to climate change, here is what’s on PM’s agenda Narendra Modi in Russia: PM invites Russian companies to invest in India, top 5 quotes Narendra Modi Russia visit: PM meets Vladimir Putin, pays homage at the Piskarovskoye Cemetery; check out photos Technology Gallery China’s solar powered unmanned plane Caihong can stay in air for months; here’s how it looks like Gigantic Stratolaunch makes first rollout to conduct aircraft fueling tests; 7 things to know SpaceX launches Inmarsat-5 F4 communications satellite successfully; here’s a look Meizu M5 smartphone launched in India priced at Rs 10,499; packs 3070mAh battery Secret US space plane lands in Florida after 2 years in orbit: 5 things you need to know Hindi News योगी आदित्य नाथ सरकार का फैसला- मायावती के बनाए दलित पार्कों में ओबीसी और अगड़ी जातियों की विभूतियां भी होंगी विराजमान कश्मीर: सीआरपीएफ कैंप पर हमला, जवाबी कार्रवाई में चार आतंकवादी मारे गए सिपाही ने किया पीसीआर को फोन- अरविंद केजरीवाल की हत्या कर दूंगा, दिल्ली सीएम के घर पर सुरक्षा बढ़ी Go to Top                     The Express Group The Indian Express The Financial Express Loksatta Jansatta inUth Ramnath Goenka Awards Privacy Policy Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback   Copyright © The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved.
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us ... Google Maps v9.54 prepares to add saved locations for your school and gym, notification channels, and what looks like a task list [APK Teardown] Cody Toombs Follow View All Posts 2017/05/26 6:22am PDTMay 26, 2017 41 Plus 1 on G+ 69 Share on Facebook 51 Share on Twitter Total Shares161 APK Teardown Applications Downloads News Article Contents 1 Teardown 1.1 Saved locations for School and Gym 1.2 The 'Other' Notification Channel 1.3 A few new prompts 1.4 A task list called "Nearby Need?" 2 Download An update to Google Maps v9.54 began rolling out to users through the beta channel yesterday, but it doesn't appear to have any visible changes going live quite yet. However, a teardown of the apk does bring a few hints about what to expect in the future. There are clues about a couple of new saved destinations like the Home and Work slots that have become so useful, the first stirring of support for Android O's notification channels, a few new "promos" to get people interested in various features, and a very curious feature that might turn out to be a task list of sorts. As usual, we've got a link at the bottom to download this update to sideload if you're not interested in waiting for Google to deliver it to your device. Teardown Disclaimer: Teardowns are based on evidence found inside of apks (Android's application package) and are necessarily speculative and usually based on incomplete information. It's possible that the guesses made here are totally and completely wrong. Even when predictions are correct, there is always a chance that plans could change or may be canceled entirely. Much like rumors, nothing is certain until it's officially announced and released. The features discussed below are probably not live yet, or may only be live for a small percentage of users. Unless stated otherwise, don't expect to see these features if you install the apk. Saved locations for School and Gym If you find yourself regularly using the Home and Work saved locations for quick navigation, you'll enjoy this one. The Maps team is expanding the list to include two more common destinations: your gym and your school. <string name="GYM_LOCATION">Gym</string> <string name="SCHOOL_LOCATION">School</string> Since those two strings don't really include any specific telltale signs that they're intended to be default saved locations, I've included the two previously existing lines for Home and Work for comparison. It's pretty obvious that the naming convention matches up. <string name="HOME_LOCATION">Home</string> <string name="WORK_LOCATION">Work</string> There is also a newly added icon for education, which I would naturally assume will go with the School destination. There doesn't appear to be a similar icon dedicated to the Gym slot, but it's not as if Google can't easily color-fill the existing fitness icon. Nevertheless, this one missing icon might be a hint that Google won't make these new destination slots available until a future update includes the missing icon. These two new entries will obviously operate just like Home and Work for the purposes of navigation and quick route selection. And as always, users don't have to actually link these slots to real schools or gyms. I'm sure a lot of people will welcome this simple improvement because so many of us travel to more than just work and home in a typical day. The 'Other' Notification Channel I'll just make a quick mention of this topic since it's not really that interesting. Google Maps is going to have a notification channel on Android O titled "Other notifications." <string name="OTHER_NOTIFICATION_CHANNEL">Other notifications</string> I doubt this will be the only custom channel for Maps. After all, there are several subsections in Settings dedicated to each notification type, so we'll probably see the channel list grow a fair amount in the future. I would assume the Maps team is still trying to decide how to best organize the app's notifications. This "other" channel will probably become a placeholder for most of the notifications until they are organized into suitable channels. A few new prompts I normally skip changes that are meant to advertise existing features, but sometimes the focus of banners and notifications can give a little insight into the features and apps that may not be performing as well as expected or simply need user awareness. The latest Maps update includes three new promos. The first banner is for the Google Trips app. Launched around this time last year, Trips is basically an itinerary management app that's also intended for making local recommendations. Trips probably doesn't have a very substantial user base yet, so it's not hard to imagine why Google is trying to breathe a little more life into it. code <string name="OFFLINE_MAPS_TRIPS_APP_BANNER_TITLE">Take your travel info with you</string> <string name="OFFLINE_MAPS_TRIPS_APP_BANNER_TITLE_WITH_AREA_NAME">Take your %1$s travel info with you</string> <string name="OFFLINE_MAPS_TRIPS_APP_BANNER_BODY">Reservations • Things to do • Day plans</string> <string name="OFFLINE_MAPS_TRIPS_APP_BANNER_DOWNLOAD_LINK">Get Google Trips app</string> <string name="OFFLINE_MAPS_TRIPS_APP_BANNER_DISMISS_LINK">No thanks</string> The next addition is intended to get users to try out the recently launched location sharing feature. It's pretty normal to show prompts to get users only newly released features, so there's nothing unusual about this one, but you can probably expect to see it in your navigation setup soon. code <string name="CAR_TI TLE_JOURNEY_SHARING">Share journey</string> <string name="JOURNEY_SHARING_PENDING_PROMPT_TEXT">Share your trip with %1$s</string> <string name="JOURNEY_SHARING_PENDING_PROMPT_TTS">Sharing your real-time location with %1$s until you arrive.</string> <string name="CAR_MENU_START_JOURNEY_SHARING">Share journey</string> <string name="CAR_MENU_STOP_JOURNEY_SHARING">Stop sharing</string> The final promotional banner will belong to the always familiar Local Guides program. As usual, it's going to encourage users to contribute to Maps for points. The one interesting oddity is that these strings have "v2" in their names. It's possible this just means they are for a new set of promos, or this might hint at a revised version of the points program. I would expect the former, but it's at least worth acknowledging the latter is possible. code <string name="POINTS_V2_PROMO_TITLE">Reach new Local Guides levels</string> <string name="POINTS_V2_PROMO_TEXT">Now earn more points for your reviews, photos, edits, and adding new places.</string> <string name="POINTS_V2_PROMO_GOTO_STATS">SEE YOUR LEVEL</string> <string name="POINTS_V2_PROMO_OPEN_HELP">Learn more</string> A task list called "Nearby Need?" There's very little to go on for this topic, but it looks just weird enough that I suspect there's a feature brewing in there somewhere. A pair of new layouts were added with the name "nearby need," one of which defines the look of a list, and the other is for items in that list. There is also a single string with a related name and just the word "navigate" for text. <string name="NEARBY_NEED_NAVIGATE">Navigate</string> /layout/nearby_need_item.xml /layout/nearby_need.xml Based on this very limited amount of information, it does sound a little like a shopping list of sorts. Perhaps less like a grocery list and more like a list of chores or tasks – e.g. getting new tires on the car, picking up some materials for a weekend project, and buying new clothes. I would assume each item goes into a list and Google Maps will make it easy to navigate to the next nearest place where each of these things can be taken care of. I'm not actually sure if these are related, but there are also three new images to be found in the resources, and they certainly would fit with my theory. The first is for creating new tasks, the second is for completed tasks, and the final one is for "old" completed tasks. I suppose the old one might be for things a user did on previous days but hasn't removed from the list. This is all guesswork right now, but many people have been asking for ways to use Maps to get through chores, and this feels like the first hint of something like that. The one aspect that's not yet hinted at, but I certainly hope to see, is a feature that will sort tasks efficiently so people can choose the shortest (or fastest) route to get everything done. I'll keep watching and follow up when there are more developments. Download The APK is signed by Google and upgrades your existing app. The cryptographic signature guarantees that the file is safe to install and was not tampered with in any way. Rather than wait for Google to push this download to your devices, which can take days, download and install it just like any other APK. Version: 9.54.0 beta APK Mirror Download QR-Code Maps - Navigation & Transit Developer: Google Inc. Price: Free Tags apk apk download apk teardown app download downloads google maps maps notification channels saved places task list teardown subscribe ... Previous Story Nova Launcher beta brings Android O's notification dots ... Next Story Google Play promo codes are now available in 8 more countries Trending 78 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 88 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 Comments rndusrnm479461 The plus and tick icons aren't new though. They are used when you go to Your Contributions -> Check the Facts/Uncover Missing info. I think after all this time those two are still only for lvl 5 local guides... so yeah. Cody Toombs Right, the look of the images aren't new, but the files containing those images are. Or said more clearly, there are now multiple copies of those icons. mmark27 I sure would like there to be a "Work" and then a "Parking for Work" section for those that don't park right next to their office. Point being, if I want walking direction/estimations, give them from my office. If I want driving directions/estimations on time, know that I have to walk to my car, then drive from my parking location. The School addition will be good to finally have pop up automatically now though. Cody Toombs If you're not going to use all four slots for their intended purpose, you might just assign one of the others to be your work parking. Frankly, I would have liked these saved slots to have custom labels, since some people don't fit into this one shape. For example, I know somebody that has to travel to two different sites for the same job, and another friend that was enrolled in two different schools at the same time. It's not like one of these destinations can't go into the "Gym" slot, but it would be nice if the titles could make sense. mmark27 Right. I now have my "Work" location saved as my parking lot, which is silly, but it's the only way to get decent estimations. Your fix is what I'll be doing otherwise unless they fix it. The subtly though in this situation is El Goog knowing that the Work and Work Parking are linked existentially, so they can decipher where my body is and estimate from there, etc. Same can be said for Home and Home Parking if not directly on site. Would seem like Google's apartment-city-dwelling-first mentality would be more amenable to this off the bat. I agree that we should be able to have free labels on places and also as many places as we can stomach estimations/notifications on time to. Google knows where I am at all times....make it actually useful, guys. henleyb I work from home and Google would keep asking me to set my work address which is of course the same as my home address, it was a small but annoying thing. :) Cody Toombs I hated that for years. I've been working from home in one capacity or another for more than a decade and it took far too long to see Maps lighten up on having a different Work address. Austin Spangrud Sure would be nice if maps got integrated assistant into it. None of the commands and home commands that I have integrate with the Voice button in maps. Oh and In b4 where's my speed limit pop up Cody Toombs Speed limits are still limited geographically. Since I was in the Bay Area last week, I finally saw them pop up for the first time on my phone and in Android Auto. Funny enough, I now have a Speed Limit toggle in settings on one phone, but nowhere else :/ And now I'm probably not going to see the speed limits again for a long time. Paul_Werner Yeah and we used to have them and they disappeared. At least it did for me here in the Milwaukee, WI area. Same for when I travel to Chicago Nicholas Matranga Finally, it was so annoying to have to save my school address as my work address just to get commute updates. mike shwilly Grow up Maxr1998 Had to do the same, I'm very glad they implement this option now that I will have finished school in less then a month... (And haven't visited it for anything except a few exam-days since late April..) Hamilton Jimenez Vasquez Finally, Im glad that we can save more pinned-saved choices other than the usual Home and Work, although I would prefer to customize them on my own in the same manner we customize the saved list. I could make a really good use of few in my mind like Church, Work2, University, etc. Jon Xuereb Couldn't you use this school one for University Hamilton Jimenez Vasquez I used the word University just an example, the point is that it would be great to customize those pinned saves using our own creations. Taylor Hardy I work from comfort and ease of my property or home, through doing easy gigs that only takes from you a Computer and web connection and I am also joyful than before... After six months time in this project and also i got made in sum 36,000 usd... Basically I make near 80 bucks/hr and work for three to four hours every day.And excellent point relating to this work is that you can easily handle time and effort while you work and for how long as you prefer and you generate a paycheck per week........ learn by clicking here how to do it right now Paul_Werner I can't wait to see that "nearby need" implemented. Your guesswork on it sounds like it could be a really useful feature. h4rr4r Why are these static names? Why can't I add random strings and assign them saved locations? Ken Vincent what ever happened to speed limits? I thought that was on the verge of being a thing more then a year ago. UKTK8 "In the coming weeks" Meaning whenever Google d#$% well pleases. Jon Xuereb Lawyers I'm assuming dmo580 Yet Waze and other GPS apps have no issues. How about just displaying my current speed? Ken Vincent Not only that, but google provides speed limits as a service. I would imagine that is where Waze gets their speed limit info. https://developers.google.com/maps/documentation/roads/speed-limits Jon Xuereb Because Google Maps is exponentially larger in terms of user base, and google is a bigger target for lawsuits Ken Vincent Waze is wholly owned by Google. They are not even an Alphabet company, they are Google. Jon Xuereb Still the size of the userbase affects the their risk assessment icyhotmike why not just let us add "Saved" locations such as Home and Work and whatever else we want? Damn Google in control of everything. makapav My God the Google apps and ecosystem are becoming such a clusterfuck with no sources of truth for data points. All the information is spread across random places. Richard Oldroyd I do use home a lot but for the others like gym I save as a contact and nav just as quick. Richard Oldroyd I'd love maps to display my current speed and advise what the speed limit is. Obviously they would have to add a warning saying they can not be held responsible for displaying an incorrect speed limit. I'd also like to see us be able to choose what is displayed underneath where they show destination time and miles to go, it would be useful to see arrival times at all stops not just the one you are currently naving to. Sathiya Moorthy Karan Really usefull information Regards, Sathiya Moorthy K developeit.net Jason List/Task ?? Why does Google keep messing with reminders/task ? Just create a dedicated reminders/task app already and move on. I hate that my reminders are spread out all over the place. Inbox, Calendar, Assistant, Keep. Get it together Google. Follow Android Police 1.49M 472k 145k 119k Latest Deals 9 [Deal Alert] Chromecast Ultra is $59.99 ($10 off) at Google Store, Best Buy, B&H and others 2017/06/04 12:16pm PDTJun 4, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] Google Home is $109 ($20 off) at Best Buy, Google Store, B&H, and others 2017/06/04 10:07am PDTJun 4, 2017 12 [Deal Alert] Kick off the weekend with 24 temporarily free and 52 on-sale apps 2017/06/03 6:50pm PDTJun 3, 2017 18 [Deal Alert] Get a Nextbit Robin for $129.99 on eBay 2017/06/03 9:39am PDTJun 3, 2017 33 [Deal Alert] A Stork's Journey is currently free on Google Play Movies & TV 2017/06/01 10:50pm PDTJun 1, 2017 Latest Poll How many photos are on your Google Photos account? Under 100 100-999 1,000-2,499 2,500-4,999 5,000-9,999 10,000-19,999 20,000-39,999 More than 40,000. View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 67 Asus ZenFone 3 Zoom review: A promising phone that falls victim to bad software and cut corners 2017/05/31 2:21pm PDTMay 31, 2017 113 AOSPA (Paranoid Android) review: back from the dead, and we're thrilled 2017/05/31 9:47am PDTMay 31, 2017 29 Tag Heuer Connected Modular 45 review: It seems like $1,500 should get you more 2017/05/29 9:57am PDTMay 29, 2017 74 [Update, G+ Post] Francisco Franco makes his productivity timer 5217 free to try 2017/05/16 10:01am PDTMay 16, 2017 290 HTC U11 hands-on: HTC gets a little closer to the mark 2017/05/16 12:02am PDTMay 16, 2017 Latest Roundups 13 29 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/24/17 - 5/31/17) 2017/05/31 10:20am PDTMay 31, 2017 8 10 new and notable Android apps from the last week (5/23/17 - 5/29/17) 2017/05/29 12:49pm PDTMay 29, 2017 13 31 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/17/17 - 5/23/17) 2017/05/23 3:06pm PDTMay 23, 2017 16 12 new and notable Android apps and live wallpapers from the last week (5/16/17 - 5/22/17) 2017/05/22 12:48pm PDTMay 22, 2017 16 29 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/10/17 - 5/16/17) 2017/05/16 4:22pm PDTMay 16, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 18 Boost for Reddit removed from Play Store for alleged promotion of drugs, still not back after a week 2017/06/04 4:25pm PDTJun 4, 2017 112 Weekend poll: How many photos are synced to your Google Photos account? 2017/06/04 3:44pm PDTJun 4, 2017 28 Tasker beta v5 brings a fresh Material Design look and a huge list of other changes 2017/06/03 7:27pm PDTJun 3, 2017 12 [Deal Alert] Kick off the weekend with 24 temporarily free and 52 on-sale apps 2017/06/03 6:50pm PDTJun 3, 2017 76 Samsung uploads its Device Maintenance tool to the Play Store 2017/06/03 6:01pm PDTJun 3, 2017 Blast from the Past 60 1 Year Ago Today More Motorola Leaks: 'Style Mod' Replaceable Covers For The Moto X/Z And DROID Come In A Variety Of Materials 2016/06/04 12:27pm PDTJun 4, 2016 40 2 Years Ago Today Chrome Beta v44 Comes With Improvements To 'Native App' And 'Add To Homescreen' Banners, New Push API Features, And More [APK Download] 2015/06/04 5:14pm PDTJun 4, 2015 129 3 Years Ago Today YouTube v5.7 For Android Finally Lets You Select Exact Streaming Quality, As Long As It's 720p Or Lower [APK Download] 2014/06/04 6:16pm PDTJun 4, 2014 3 4 Years Ago Today Google Posts Glass XE6 Factory Image For Your Flashing Pleasure 2013/06/04 8:31pm PDTJun 4, 2013 16 5 Years Ago Today [Update: Pre-Orders Are Live] Sprint Announces The Galaxy S III Available June 21, Pre-Orders Start June 5 - $199 For 16GB, $249 For 32GB 2012/06/04 10:55pm PDTJun 4, 2012 327 6 Years Ago Today [Book Giveaway #2] Looking To Get Into Android Development? We're Giving Away "Hello, Android" To A Lucky Reader 2011/06/04 7:16pm PDTJun 4, 2011 2 7 Years Ago Today HTC EVO 4G OTA Update Comes Out In Time For Launch, Fixes SD Card Problems, Patches Security Issues, But Disables Root - Available Via WiFi As Well 2010/06/04 6:44pm PDTJun 4, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 112 Weekend poll: How many photos are synced to your Google Photos account? 2017/06/04 3:44pm PDTJun 4, 2017 35 It's not just you—there's a widespread Google Home outage 2017/06/04 12:04pm PDTJun 4, 2017 61 Samsung opens up its browser to some non-Samsung devices on the Play Store 2017/06/04 10:30am PDTJun 4, 2017 29 Motorola rolling out Android 7.1.1 to the Moto Z Play 2017/06/04 8:45am PDTJun 4, 2017 18 Boost for Reddit removed from Play Store for alleged promotion of drugs, still not back after a week 2017/06/04 4:25pm PDTJun 4, 2017 Last 7 Days 28 Google Photos v2.16 prepares to upgrade the camera shortcut, suggest photos to archive, and more [APK Teardown + Download] 2017/05/31 11:36pm PDTMay 31, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] Here are 38 temporarily free and 72 on-sale apps, plus both 0.10 Apps of the Week 2017/05/31 2:08pm PDTMay 31, 2017 501 [Update: New details plus Andy Rubin interview] The Essential phone is official, with an edge-to-edge display and the world's smallest 360-degree camera accessory 2017/05/30 7:48am PDTMay 30, 2017 76 Samsung uploads its Device Maintenance tool to the Play Store 2017/06/03 6:01pm PDTJun 3, 2017 24 Plex Live TV is now available for all Plex Pass subscribers, tuner required 2017/06/01 6:00am PDTJun 1, 2017 Last 30 Days 78 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 88 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 28 Google Photos v2.16 prepares to upgrade the camera shortcut, suggest photos to archive, and more [APK Teardown + Download] 2017/05/31 11:36pm PDTMay 31, 2017 94 The Play Store adopts new app and notification icons with v7.8.16 [APK Download] 2017/05/10 6:25pm PDTMay 10, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Advertise | Contact 130 queries | 0.621s | hive Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us ... Google Phone v10 enables post-call messages for failed calls, prepares for enhanced incoming calls on RCS and voicemail backup [APK Teardown + Download] Cody Toombs Follow View All Posts 2017/05/23 1:19pm PDTMay 23, 2017 61 Plus 1 on G+ 111 Share on Facebook 54 Share on Twitter Total Shares226 APK Teardown Applications Downloads News Article Contents 1 What's New 1.1 Post-call messages 2 Teardown 2.1 RCS Calling 2.2 Voicemail Backup 3 Download With the dust settling after the deluge caused by I/O 2017, it's time to take a closer look at some of the many other things that came with out last week. Some interesting changes came with a brand new version of the Google Phone app included with Android O Developer Preview 2. There's a new prompt suggesting users send a message after a call fails to connect. A deep dive into the apk also turned up signs that Google is working on new RCS calling features and preparing some kind of backup option for voicemail. What's New Unofficial Changelog: (the stuff we found) Post-call messaging Post-call messages Earlier this month, a teardown of of v9 provided a good hint that the Phone app would begin showing suggestions for messages to send after completing a call. With v10, that feature is now live, but not quite as functional as previously expected. Left: snackbar prompt. Right: new message screen. The post-call messaging feature appears as a snackbar prompt asking why you called, to which you can send a message. The prompt only appears after attempting a call that fails without making a connection. To be specific, the prompt won't show up if you hang up, a voicemail service answers, or anything else occurs that would be considered a connection. Basically, if you hear a sound indicating the other end is ringing, any outcome from that point on is probably not going to trigger the prompt. You're most likely to see this prompt in an area where cellular reception isn't good enough to establish a voice call, but you can also force it to show up by trying to make a call while airplane mode is active. Otherwise, it's probably not going to turn up anywhere else. If you opt to send a message, you'll be taken to a screen with a message box and three pre-written messages with different levels of urgency. Tapping a message will put it into the textbox below, but you can continue to make edits before sending. The exact text of the prompt seems to be a mismatch for the current functionality, which left us wondering if this feature is also intended to work in other scenarios like when the call is redirected to voicemail or disconnects within a second of being picked up. Perhaps this is just the first step and other use cases will be handled in the future. In the meantime, this actually might be handy if you're in the middle of nowhere and staring at a single signal bar with no hope of making a call. Teardown Disclaimer: Teardowns are based on evidence found inside of apks (Android's application package) and are necessarily speculative and usually based on incomplete information. It's possible that the guesses made here are totally and completely wrong. Even when predictions are correct, there is always a chance that plans could change or may be canceled entirely. Much like rumors, nothing is certain until it's officially announced and released. The features discussed below are probably not live yet, or may only be live for a small percentage of users. Unless stated otherwise, don't expect to see these features if you install the apk. RCS Calling It's no secret that Google is working to add fairly extensive RCS support to both its Phone app and Android Messages. Now it's just a matter of which features are going to be added and when we'll get to use some of them. This update to the Phone app gives us a bit more insight into some new rich calling features that we'll soon have at our disposal. A stack of new notification strings reveal that Google's developers are currently working on supporting incoming calls with additional data. At this time, it's clear calls can include a location, photo, message, or any combination of those. One line also mentions "attachments," which may suggest other types of data are supported, but not necessarily known in advance. This would make sense for things like URLs or specially crafted data packets can be handed off between other apps. It's also worth noting that these strings are split up for regular and "important" calls, which lines up with the commonly known feature allowing callers to indicate a degree of urgency. code <string name="important_notification_incoming_call_attachments">Important incoming call with attachments</string> <string name="important_notification_incoming_call_with_location">Important incoming call with location</string> <string name="important_notification_incoming_call_with_message">Important incoming call with message</string> <string name="important_notification_incoming_call_with_message_location">Important incoming call with message and location</string> <string name="important_notification_incoming_call_with_photo">Important incoming call with photo</string> <string name="important_notification_incoming_call_with_photo_location">Important incoming call with photo and location</string> <string name="important_notification_incoming_call_with_photo_message">Important incoming call with photo and message</string> <string name="important_notification_incoming_call_with_photo_message_location">Important incoming call with photo, message and location</string> <string name="notification_incoming_call_attachments">Incoming call with attachments</string> <string name="notification_incoming_call_with_location">Incoming call with location</string> <string name="notification_incoming_call_with_message">Incoming call with message</string> <string name="notification_incoming_call_with_message_location">Incoming call with message and location</string> <string name="notification_incoming_call_with_photo">Incoming call with photo</string> <string name="notification_incoming_call_with_photo_location">Incoming call with photo and location</string> <string name="notification_incoming_call_with_photo_message">Incoming call with photo and message</string> <string name="notification_incoming_call_with_photo_message_location">Incoming call with photo, message and location</string> It's not yet clear if attachments will be shown on the screen with incoming calls, but I think it's a pretty safe bet that they will be. After all, knowing there's a photo with the call isn't nearly as compelling as actually seeing it. This was part of the pitch for the Knock Knock feature when Google introduced the Duo app at last year's I/O keynote. The same certainly can be said about locations and messages, as well. So far, there doesn't appear to be an interface for callers to actually attach this type of data, so it's safe to say development is still ongoing. Seeing as most carriers are still stuck on very rudimentary implementations of RCS and intra-network compatibility is moving at a sloth-like pace, I'm sure Google will have this done long before any of us would get to use it. Voicemail Backup Are you the type of person that never deletes voicemails? This one might be for you. It seems that Google will begin asking users if they want to turn on "extra storage" when their voicemail inbox fills its capacity. This allows Google to "manage and backup your voicemail messages" to free up some space. code <string name="voicemail_error_inbox_almost_full_turn_archive_on_title">Turn on extra storage and backup</string> <string name="voicemail_error_inbox_almost_full_turn_archive_on_message">Your mailbox is almost full. To free up space, turn on extra storage so Google can manage and backup your voicemail messages.</string> <string name="voicemail_error_inbox_full_turn_archive_on_title">Turn on extra storage and backup</string> <string name="voicemail_error_inbox_full_turn_archive_on_message">Your mailbox is full. To free up space, turn on extra storage so Google can manage and backup your voicemail messages.</string> <string name="voicemail_action_turn_archive_on">Turn on</string> <string name="voicemail_action_dimiss">No Thanks</string> At this point, I should say that there are a few different things this could be, and I'm at a loss for which one it is. For starters, this could be a new aspect for Project Fi subscribers and the included voicemail service. If so, it might mean Google intends to prompt people with a lot of saved voicemails to push the older ones into their Drive storage. It's a simple explanation, and might be an attempt to squeeze a few bucks out of people that never delete anything, but hardly seems necessary. Another possibility is that this only relates to the voicemails downloaded and stored on your phone, which means it's just a basic housekeeping feature to keep unnecessary audio files out of your local storage or expand the quota to allow for more. I tend to doubt this is the explanation because the text doesn't really line up with that purpose and it seems like the type of thing that should happen automatically, users shouldn't even need to be prompted. Finally, I'm going to take the opportunity to speculate about something a little crazy. Perhaps this is intended for the voicemail service provided by other carriers. If this is the case, I imagine the phone app might detect your voicemail is nearing capacity and offer to manage backups of it. If the user agrees, Google will connect to that provider's voicemail and proceed to back up all of the messages to Drive for the user, then delete them to free up space. Again, this is massively speculative and feels like a long shot... But it's also the type of weirdly cool feature Google occasionally comes up with. There's not much else to go on with this, but it's entirely possible this feature / warning / error message is already live. It may only show up for users connecting to a specific carrier or with special circumstances that aren't very predictable. I'm not really the right person to test it since I only have three voicemails saved, but perhaps readers with a larger backlog will have something to add to this. Download The APK is signed by Google and upgrades your existing app. The cryptographic signature guarantees that the file is safe to install and was not tampered with in any way. Rather than wait for Google to push this download to your devices, which can take days, download and install it just like any other APK. Version: 10.0.153781772 APK Mirror Download QR-Code Phone Developer: Google Inc. Price: Free Tags apk apk download apk teardown app download downloads google phone google phone app messages phone rcs rcs calling teardown voicemail subscribe ... Previous Story The latest SwiftKey beta adds support for Cantonese and other new typing languages, plus more ... ... Next Story Pinterest adds new features for recipe discovery, filters, and recommendations Trending 78 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 88 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 Comments Pedram Haghzaban I posted this here couple days ago, but somebody said this feature has been in the google phone for a while. Carson Saldanha They were mistaken. Artem Russakovskii Which feature specifically? Pedram Haghzaban This post-call messages for failed calls Duder12 Voicemail features will never matter since carriers don't allow them in the US. Prop Dad I use this app for VM. What features don't matter? Richard Riker strange. minsdk is 23, target is 25. Won't install on N (app is not compatible) even when i'm running v9 already. Any dependancy update needed? because no problem with clock from the preview Carson Saldanha Just to confirm, you're trying to sideload it on a Nexus/Pixel device, right? Artem Russakovskii Are you on arm64? Richard Riker uh...totally overseen that. Corey Kinard Is there any way auto post-call spam messages, sent from (detected) spam callers, could be auto blocked and deleted the same way they plan on doing with the verification codes? Rudresh Is this ever coming to non-Nexel devices? Anand Use the patched version from XDA, will work on all droids. https://forum.xda-developers.com/android/apps-games/app-google-dialer-t3557412 Gailjrobinson Google is paying 97$ per hour! Work for few hours & have longer with friends and family! !sv134c: On tuesday I got a great new Land Rover Range Rover from having earned $8752 this last four weeks.. Its the most-financialy rewarding I've had.. Follow this link for more information !sv134c: ➽➽ ➽➽;➽➽ http://GoogleFinancialCashJobs424MarketFishGetPaid$97/Hour... ★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫::::::!sv134c:....,........ John Unfortunately, many features don't work on the patched version. There are older official versions available for non-Nexus devices at apkmirror. Version 9.something is the latest. We will likely never see an official version. Previous official versions that work on non-Nexus phones were mistakes that were pulled. Samsung and others modify their dialers so that Google Phone doesn't work well unless the stock apps are disabled which may require root. Carlos Rodríguez Midly related, but SMS backups are coming to Nexus devices on O. If you toggle the switch of and on in Settings > System > Backup, a new option for SMS backup appears, just like on the Pixel. Cheers! Lynxy Dear lord, you're right! I'll try to test that the next time I reset the phone while on O. Alex I don't see that option. Nexus 6P in the UK. Latest O version. Carlos Rodríguez In phone settings > system > backup, turn off the switch for backup in Google Drive, then turn it back on. You'll see the SMS backup like on the Pixel. Alex Hmm, that requires deleting what's already backed up. I think I'll skip this until it is rolled out properly. Thanks for the help though. Carlos Rodríguez Yes, deletes the backup, but makes a new one as soon you turn it on. No loss of data actually. Fayas Android O on Nexus 5X. can't see that option to backup SMS. Carlos Rodríguez It only appeared for me when I turned backup off and on. https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/6e53aa283e8271597b15df245154ecc06126d368853b89fa516c6076dbf49ac2.jpg Fayas Thanks, I got it after turning off and on back. But it shows me as waiting to back up for SMS and Call Log. Don't know why. Carlos Rodríguez It will eventually back up the SMS. The call log is stil waiting. James Well according to Google's implementation of the omtp visual voicemail standard (https://source.android.com/devices/tech/config/voicemail) it's vvm client "Fetches details of voicemail quota (total mailbox size and occupied size)" from the carrier so it's probably for carriers that have implemented the stock omtp vvm standard like t-mobile. James Briano Tangentially related: Anyone else getting errors with the phone app on Dev Preview 2? App keeps crashing when I have an incoming call. Nexus 6P. Cody Toombs I haven't put the SIM card into my 6P for more than a couple of minutes since the developer previews started going on there, so I can't comment to that exact scenario, but it has been working perfectly on my Pixel running 7.1.2. I've had pretty regular issues with Google apps crashing on DP1 and DP2. It may be a coincidence, but it seems especially bad for any app that uses hardware components like GPS and cellular radio. I'm not complaining since we all should know the deal with bleeding edge releases, but I think the O developer previews have been the buggiest I've used since Google started with KitKat. Andy J "It's not yet clear if attachments will be shown on the screen with incoming calls, but I think it's a pretty safe bet that they will be." Yes - yes it is. All the stuff people are left wondering about is covered in a LOT of depth in the Universal Profile spec - in this particular case, selecting a photo to be shown on the receivers screen when the phone call comes in - is specifically detailed in the spec. It's worth also being aware that as it's also specifically in the spec that the phone book must expose which contacts support Universal Profile - that I'd expect both the contacts app and the dialer app to be opened up to all devices on the Play Store before too much longer - otherwise only Messages supports RCS and people will have phones where they can't actually tell if they can make a video call or send someone a file (or their location) - all they can do is send them a message. Santos Chavez Perhaps the next step is including Google Phone, Android Messages and Google Contacts preloaded on most phones-- some manufacturers have already pledged to include Android Messages as the sole default app so they may expand it to those apps, too, who knows. In the meantime current devices will be able to download the Google dialer and contact apps from the playstore for full RCS capabilities. Like some already have to do for Android Messages currently. mike shwilly Can i just have Swipe to Delete sms feature? Manikandan Guru Working fine on my OP3T. aRvInD Instead of this pretty useless idea, I wish Google places Redial button in same place. Which more people will find relevant and useful... hp-fourtwenty double tap the dial button to redial. tap it once to see the last number dialed. aRvInD No you misunderstood context. I wrote about redial only with call doesn't connect or failed without connecting.. After call disconnects then open dialer - double tap dialer, Simple button there to redial wouldve been great.. F4LL0U7 It's really frustrating that with all of these enhancements, there STILL isn't a way to use your Google Voice number by default instead of your carrier number. You can set the option to place all calls through GV, but if I try to send an SMS follow-up to a rejected call, or send an SMS through Assistant, it still uses the carrier number. Santos Chavez Yeah, I'm hoping for better Voice integration now that Google's revived it. Especially on the sending SMS part; why not have an option of at least routing all SMS through the Google Voice app (which can be done by setting it as the default SMS app, an option that doesn't exist currently). When that is enabled, any background SMS are also sent via that app, for instance when using Assistant. You'd think a Google service would be tightly integrated at the OS level with the whole OS, especially on phones in which Google has full software and hardware control. no? :P I mean, Project Fi is somewhat integrated into the OS, and it uses the same backend as Google Voice... and even then it's not perfect integration either. James Donut In my country, I'm still waiting for the telecommunications companies to implement RCS Sathiya Moorthy Karan Great Regards, Sathiya Moorthy K developeit.net Follow Android Police 1.49M 472k 145k 119k Latest Deals 9 [Deal Alert] Chromecast Ultra is $59.99 ($10 off) at Google Store, Best Buy, B&H and others 2017/06/04 12:16pm PDTJun 4, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] Google Home is $109 ($20 off) at Best Buy, Google Store, B&H, and others 2017/06/04 10:07am PDTJun 4, 2017 12 [Deal Alert] Kick off the weekend with 24 temporarily free and 52 on-sale apps 2017/06/03 6:50pm PDTJun 3, 2017 18 [Deal Alert] Get a Nextbit Robin for $129.99 on eBay 2017/06/03 9:39am PDTJun 3, 2017 33 [Deal Alert] A Stork's Journey is currently free on Google Play Movies & TV 2017/06/01 10:50pm PDTJun 1, 2017 Latest Poll How many photos are on your Google Photos account? Under 100 100-999 1,000-2,499 2,500-4,999 5,000-9,999 10,000-19,999 20,000-39,999 More than 40,000. View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 67 Asus ZenFone 3 Zoom review: A promising phone that falls victim to bad software and cut corners 2017/05/31 2:21pm PDTMay 31, 2017 113 AOSPA (Paranoid Android) review: back from the dead, and we're thrilled 2017/05/31 9:47am PDTMay 31, 2017 29 Tag Heuer Connected Modular 45 review: It seems like $1,500 should get you more 2017/05/29 9:57am PDTMay 29, 2017 74 [Update, G+ Post] Francisco Franco makes his productivity timer 5217 free to try 2017/05/16 10:01am PDTMay 16, 2017 290 HTC U11 hands-on: HTC gets a little closer to the mark 2017/05/16 12:02am PDTMay 16, 2017 Latest Roundups 13 29 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/24/17 - 5/31/17) 2017/05/31 10:20am PDTMay 31, 2017 8 10 new and notable Android apps from the last week (5/23/17 - 5/29/17) 2017/05/29 12:49pm PDTMay 29, 2017 13 31 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/17/17 - 5/23/17) 2017/05/23 3:06pm PDTMay 23, 2017 16 12 new and notable Android apps and live wallpapers from the last week (5/16/17 - 5/22/17) 2017/05/22 12:48pm PDTMay 22, 2017 16 29 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/10/17 - 5/16/17) 2017/05/16 4:22pm PDTMay 16, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 19 Boost for Reddit removed from Play Store for alleged promotion of drugs, still not back after a week 2017/06/04 4:25pm PDTJun 4, 2017 114 Weekend poll: How many photos are synced to your Google Photos account? 2017/06/04 3:44pm PDTJun 4, 2017 28 Tasker beta v5 brings a fresh Material Design look and a huge list of other changes 2017/06/03 7:27pm PDTJun 3, 2017 12 [Deal Alert] Kick off the weekend with 24 temporarily free and 52 on-sale apps 2017/06/03 6:50pm PDTJun 3, 2017 76 Samsung uploads its Device Maintenance tool to the Play Store 2017/06/03 6:01pm PDTJun 3, 2017 Blast from the Past 60 1 Year Ago Today More Motorola Leaks: 'Style Mod' Replaceable Covers For The Moto X/Z And DROID Come In A Variety Of Materials 2016/06/04 12:27pm PDTJun 4, 2016 40 2 Years Ago Today Chrome Beta v44 Comes With Improvements To 'Native App' And 'Add To Homescreen' Banners, New Push API Features, And More [APK Download] 2015/06/04 5:14pm PDTJun 4, 2015 129 3 Years Ago Today YouTube v5.7 For Android Finally Lets You Select Exact Streaming Quality, As Long As It's 720p Or Lower [APK Download] 2014/06/04 6:16pm PDTJun 4, 2014 3 4 Years Ago Today Google Posts Glass XE6 Factory Image For Your Flashing Pleasure 2013/06/04 8:31pm PDTJun 4, 2013 16 5 Years Ago Today [Update: Pre-Orders Are Live] Sprint Announces The Galaxy S III Available June 21, Pre-Orders Start June 5 - $199 For 16GB, $249 For 32GB 2012/06/04 10:55pm PDTJun 4, 2012 327 6 Years Ago Today [Book Giveaway #2] Looking To Get Into Android Development? We're Giving Away "Hello, Android" To A Lucky Reader 2011/06/04 7:16pm PDTJun 4, 2011 2 7 Years Ago Today HTC EVO 4G OTA Update Comes Out In Time For Launch, Fixes SD Card Problems, Patches Security Issues, But Disables Root - Available Via WiFi As Well 2010/06/04 6:44pm PDTJun 4, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 112 Weekend poll: How many photos are synced to your Google Photos account? 2017/06/04 3:44pm PDTJun 4, 2017 35 It's not just you—there's a widespread Google Home outage 2017/06/04 12:04pm PDTJun 4, 2017 61 Samsung opens up its browser to some non-Samsung devices on the Play Store 2017/06/04 10:30am PDTJun 4, 2017 29 Motorola rolling out Android 7.1.1 to the Moto Z Play 2017/06/04 8:45am PDTJun 4, 2017 18 Boost for Reddit removed from Play Store for alleged promotion of drugs, still not back after a week 2017/06/04 4:25pm PDTJun 4, 2017 Last 7 Days 28 Google Photos v2.16 prepares to upgrade the camera shortcut, suggest photos to archive, and more [APK Teardown + Download] 2017/05/31 11:36pm PDTMay 31, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] Here are 38 temporarily free and 72 on-sale apps, plus both 0.10 Apps of the Week 2017/05/31 2:08pm PDTMay 31, 2017 501 [Update: New details plus Andy Rubin interview] The Essential phone is official, with an edge-to-edge display and the world's smallest 360-degree camera accessory 2017/05/30 7:48am PDTMay 30, 2017 76 Samsung uploads its Device Maintenance tool to the Play Store 2017/06/03 6:01pm PDTJun 3, 2017 24 Plex Live TV is now available for all Plex Pass subscribers, tuner required 2017/06/01 6:00am PDTJun 1, 2017 Last 30 Days 78 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 88 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 28 Google Photos v2.16 prepares to upgrade the camera shortcut, suggest photos to archive, and more [APK Teardown + Download] 2017/05/31 11:36pm PDTMay 31, 2017 94 The Play Store adopts new app and notification icons with v7.8.16 [APK Download] 2017/05/10 6:25pm PDTMay 10, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Advertise | Contact 128 queries | 0.382s | forge Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us ... [Update: Now $75 Off] Deal Alert: Pixel 32GB (international version) is $50 off on eBay Scott Scrivens View All Posts 2017/05/26 2:20pm PDTMay 26, 2017 2 Plus 1 on G+ 53 Share on Facebook 57 Share on Twitter Total Shares112 Deals News Pixel Update 1: 2017/05/26 2:32pm PDT It looks like the price has dropped another $25, making this a $75 savings in total. For a device that hasn't seen much in the way of price drops or It's no secret that Google has had some serious supply issues with its flagship Pixel phone. That goes for pretty much any combination of size, color, or storage. Rumors even began to surface alleging that Google had stopped production of the devices altogether. That wasn't the case, but nonetheless, you will still struggle to actually find the Pixel if you wish to buy it. A 32GB Pixel (international version) on eBay for $50 off the list price could be the answer to that problem. This is the entry level 5" Pixel, with 32GB of storage in the color Very Silver - and it's available for $599. That's $50 less than the $649 Google is still charging for it. Beware though, this is the international version of the device. So if you live in the US you'll have to check the bands to see if it works on your network. This version won't play nice with Verizon or Sprint, so if you're on either of those carriers you can rule this out. If you live outside the US then this is definitely for you. Shipping appears to be free in the US, but here in the UK, it's $18.99. That still works out a bargain for me, especially if you account for the exchange rate. You'll have to do the sums from where you are to see if the deal is as good for you. It's worth mentioning that getting your warranty honored might be tough with this type of purchase, so bear that in mind. It's hard to say how many of these they have, other than a "limited quantity," so you'll have to be quick if you want to get your hands on arguably the best Android phone of 2016. Update 1: 2017/05/26 2:32pm PDT It looks like the price has dropped another $25, making this a $75 savings in total. For a device that hasn't seen much in the way of price drops or sales since launch, $75 off isn't bad. Anyone interested in a Pixel that uses a network compatible with this international model should give it a serious think. End of Update Source: eBay Thanks: Moshe Tags deal eBay Google pixel subscribe ... Previous Story Google is now offering four free months of Google Play Music for new subscribers ... Next Story The Android app for ASUS' upcoming Lyra mesh Wi-Fi network system is already available Trending 78 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 88 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 Comments Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ Let me know when it's $100 with a free year of Amazon Prime. Then I'll get one. shamatuu that will never happen james fuston Looks like we found the one guy still using a Fire Phone. Middlefinger As a back up phone yeah, its not reliable enough to be a daily driver. Its problems seem to be a mixture of hardware bugs, and Googles poor software QC. me me "bargain" JL "buggy" Gladysrcrosby Managing director of Google!, is explaining to users to start off "Work at home" method, that People have been doing for about one year now. These days alone, I generated close to $36,000 until now with no more than my home computer as well as some spare time, despite that i have a fulltime 9 to 5 job. Even everyone not used to this, can make $89/per h easily and the earnings can go even higher over time... This is how i started !so184c: ➽➽ ➽➽;➽➽ http://GoogleFinancialCashJobs474MarketConsultantGetPaid$97/Hour... ★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫::::::!so184c:....,.... abc "bezel" Master Yates After handling a S8, OMG those Bezels. Max Johnson "blacklisted" Taylor Hardy I work from convenience of my residence, via hassle-free tasks which only needs only from you a Laptop in addition to on-line connection and I am just more successful than ever before... After six months with this work and therefore managed to get paid in total 36 thousand dollars... Mainly I make close to 80 bucks/h and work for 3 to 4 hours time daily.And fantastic point regarding this work is that you can easily arrange time period whenever you get the job done and for how long as you may wish for and you achieve a check each week.----->>>> learn by clicking here how to do it right now Middlefinger Even at $99 its not worth the bugs. It doesnt matter how 'high end' a device is, if it doesn't work properly, its worthless. jonzey231 $50 is worth a guarantee that Google will honor the warranty....trust me...I wish I would've gotten my 6P direct. Andy What do you mean? jonzey231 If you don't buy the phone from Google, they won't help you. They send you to the manufacturer. I was forced to go to Huawei for my 6P and it was a little over 3 weeks before I got it back....and the problem is still there. Spend the extra $50 and buy it through Google so you're guaranteed to get support through their CS channels. You'll be glad you did in 6 months when something inevitably goes wrong. IMHO get the OnePlus 3T. Costs less but has better overall specs aside from the camera which is still pretty good in its own right. My brother has one and my roommate just got his last week and they both have no intention of going back to a major brand ever again. YaKillaCJ Same happened when I got the OnePlus One. It changed the way I (and many others) view a "budget" device from an unknown brand. needa I felt the same way after using an OPO for nearly three years. Got me an XL in mint condition for $450. Google edition even. Still had 3520 mAh in the batt too. Would have bought the black 3T had they been in stock. Took me three days to hunt down this deal. Andy Got my wife the pixel. Runs great. Just had the microphone problem. Google swapped without question. Wife seems to think it takes horrible selfies. Rod Weird, as it's cameras are regarded among the best currently. Random! @andy maybe you should let her know that the camera isn't the problem... It's actually her face. If you do warn her about this, I promise to visit you at the hospital. Andy Thanks for the tip. VAVAMk_2 Huzzah! Master Yates Agreed with you regarding the 3T. Lets see if the excellent updates and support evaporate when the One Plus 5 is released? That's the real test. IcerC Except in this case Google is the Manufacturer, that might change things. VAVAMk_2 Google didn't make the camera. Uses a Sony made sensor but the camera software is Google's and regarded among the best in post processing, particularly HDR. Roy Ahh so nice call me when the 1+2 will get Nougat and your friend will get or never get Android O. ddevito #Fail Andy S8 release response? AdMoc Does not ship to Poland as fck always -_- Random! Look for some service like Shipito. I believe they have an EU warehouse. Shakil Shaikh $60 shipping? kristin ANY Pixel made by google is compatible with any provider. It doesnt matter if its international or not. This writer is an odiot. Scott Scrivens https://www.techwalls.com/google-pixel-pixel-xl-model-number-differences/ Kevin Davis "Odiot", lmao. 😂 Oh, and you're wrong, too. kristin I called google about this. It would be up your phone company provider whether it worked or not. So it may not work with att or tmobile either. kristin This may or may not work on any provider. Its up to the provider. You want a pixel? Go to swappa.com and get one used in mint condition for much cheaper. Ive gotten a few phones from them since ive been on project fi and had no issues. Ill never buy a new phone again. Random! $50 off? How cute... If they get to $300 off ($350 final price) within a month, I might even convince myself it's worth to stare at those bezels everyday. Other than that (impossible) scenario, I'd rather get the 3T, Axon 7, or even the LG G5. Gjorgi Lazarovski The Pixel is probably not dropping in price anytime soon. iKon The most overrated smartphone of 2016. Only the camera is decent. Ugly ass design, overpriced and dull with no features compared to competition Roy You mean the best smartphone of 2016, best camera rare band front, best software, best updates. Great battery, great display. xyz No, he means "The most overrated smartphone of 2016. Only the camera is decent. Ugly ass design, overpriced and dull with no features compared to competition." Roy No, I'm sure he/she means "the best smartphone of 2016, best camera rare band front, best software, best updates. Great battery, great display". iKon No I meant what I said. The pixel is a flop and even Google knows it. No matter how much money they put into advertising there are alot of better choices out there.. only hard core Google fanboys try and big it up Roy Yes yada yada and still every reviewer said is the best smartphone of 2016. So.. even David here. In the on of the day it's a lots about the UI and I just don't like Samsung software. Ordeith LOL. You're such a Google sycophant, Roy. Roy You feeling really smart? I'm Imagine your ass all over your face. nirmitlamed Google is so off track in figuring out what customers wants and competing against the other monstrous companies. I would very much like to hear how many Pixels Google sold in the last year since they told us they sold more than they expected. Lawrence I can put my coffee cup on the Bezel David Nowicki I'm a big Nexus fan, but why would you pay $749 for the Pixel XL vs the OnePlus 3T at about half the price ? And soon the OnePlus 5 at $450 or so with S8+ specs will be a steal compared to the Pixel 4Ui812 Supply and demand. Limit the supply and you increase demand. It's like P.T. Barnum said , "There's a sucker born every minute". Follow Android Police 1.49M 472k 145k 119k Latest Deals 9 [Deal Alert] Chromecast Ultra is $59.99 ($10 off) at Google Store, Best Buy, B&H and others 2017/06/04 12:16pm PDTJun 4, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] Google Home is $109 ($20 off) at Best Buy, Google Store, B&H, and others 2017/06/04 10:07am PDTJun 4, 2017 12 [Deal Alert] Kick off the weekend with 24 temporarily free and 52 on-sale apps 2017/06/03 6:50pm PDTJun 3, 2017 18 [Deal Alert] Get a Nextbit Robin for $129.99 on eBay 2017/06/03 9:39am PDTJun 3, 2017 33 [Deal Alert] A Stork's Journey is currently free on Google Play Movies & TV 2017/06/01 10:50pm PDTJun 1, 2017 Latest Poll How many photos are on your Google Photos account? Under 100 100-999 1,000-2,499 2,500-4,999 5,000-9,999 10,000-19,999 20,000-39,999 More than 40,000. View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 67 Asus ZenFone 3 Zoom review: A promising phone that falls victim to bad software and cut corners 2017/05/31 2:21pm PDTMay 31, 2017 113 AOSPA (Paranoid Android) review: back from the dead, and we're thrilled 2017/05/31 9:47am PDTMay 31, 2017 29 Tag Heuer Connected Modular 45 review: It seems like $1,500 should get you more 2017/05/29 9:57am PDTMay 29, 2017 74 [Update, G+ Post] Francisco Franco makes his productivity timer 5217 free to try 2017/05/16 10:01am PDTMay 16, 2017 290 HTC U11 hands-on: HTC gets a little closer to the mark 2017/05/16 12:02am PDTMay 16, 2017 Latest Roundups 13 29 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/24/17 - 5/31/17) 2017/05/31 10:20am PDTMay 31, 2017 8 10 new and notable Android apps from the last week (5/23/17 - 5/29/17) 2017/05/29 12:49pm PDTMay 29, 2017 13 31 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/17/17 - 5/23/17) 2017/05/23 3:06pm PDTMay 23, 2017 16 12 new and notable Android apps and live wallpapers from the last week (5/16/17 - 5/22/17) 2017/05/22 12:48pm PDTMay 22, 2017 16 29 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/10/17 - 5/16/17) 2017/05/16 4:22pm PDTMay 16, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 18 Boost for Reddit removed from Play Store for alleged promotion of drugs, still not back after a week 2017/06/04 4:25pm PDTJun 4, 2017 112 Weekend poll: How many photos are synced to your Google Photos account? 2017/06/04 3:44pm PDTJun 4, 2017 28 Tasker beta v5 brings a fresh Material Design look and a huge list of other changes 2017/06/03 7:27pm PDTJun 3, 2017 12 [Deal Alert] Kick off the weekend with 24 temporarily free and 52 on-sale apps 2017/06/03 6:50pm PDTJun 3, 2017 76 Samsung uploads its Device Maintenance tool to the Play Store 2017/06/03 6:01pm PDTJun 3, 2017 Blast from the Past 60 1 Year Ago Today More Motorola Leaks: 'Style Mod' Replaceable Covers For The Moto X/Z And DROID Come In A Variety Of Materials 2016/06/04 12:27pm PDTJun 4, 2016 40 2 Years Ago Today Chrome Beta v44 Comes With Improvements To 'Native App' And 'Add To Homescreen' Banners, New Push API Features, And More [APK Download] 2015/06/04 5:14pm PDTJun 4, 2015 129 3 Years Ago Today YouTube v5.7 For Android Finally Lets You Select Exact Streaming Quality, As Long As It's 720p Or Lower [APK Download] 2014/06/04 6:16pm PDTJun 4, 2014 3 4 Years Ago Today Google Posts Glass XE6 Factory Image For Your Flashing Pleasure 2013/06/04 8:31pm PDTJun 4, 2013 16 5 Years Ago Today [Update: Pre-Orders Are Live] Sprint Announces The Galaxy S III Available June 21, Pre-Orders Start June 5 - $199 For 16GB, $249 For 32GB 2012/06/04 10:55pm PDTJun 4, 2012 327 6 Years Ago Today [Book Giveaway #2] Looking To Get Into Android Development? We're Giving Away "Hello, Android" To A Lucky Reader 2011/06/04 7:16pm PDTJun 4, 2011 2 7 Years Ago Today HTC EVO 4G OTA Update Comes Out In Time For Launch, Fixes SD Card Problems, Patches Security Issues, But Disables Root - Available Via WiFi As Well 2010/06/04 6:44pm PDTJun 4, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 112 Weekend poll: How many photos are synced to your Google Photos account? 2017/06/04 3:44pm PDTJun 4, 2017 35 It's not just you—there's a widespread Google Home outage 2017/06/04 12:04pm PDTJun 4, 2017 61 Samsung opens up its browser to some non-Samsung devices on the Play Store 2017/06/04 10:30am PDTJun 4, 2017 29 Motorola rolling out Android 7.1.1 to the Moto Z Play 2017/06/04 8:45am PDTJun 4, 2017 18 Boost for Reddit removed from Play Store for alleged promotion of drugs, still not back after a week 2017/06/04 4:25pm PDTJun 4, 2017 Last 7 Days 28 Google Photos v2.16 prepares to upgrade the camera shortcut, suggest photos to archive, and more [APK Teardown + Download] 2017/05/31 11:36pm PDTMay 31, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] Here are 38 temporarily free and 72 on-sale apps, plus both 0.10 Apps of the Week 2017/05/31 2:08pm PDTMay 31, 2017 501 [Update: New details plus Andy Rubin interview] The Essential phone is official, with an edge-to-edge display and the world's smallest 360-degree camera accessory 2017/05/30 7:48am PDTMay 30, 2017 76 Samsung uploads its Device Maintenance tool to the Play Store 2017/06/03 6:01pm PDTJun 3, 2017 24 Plex Live TV is now available for all Plex Pass subscribers, tuner required 2017/06/01 6:00am PDTJun 1, 2017 Last 30 Days 78 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 88 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 28 Google Photos v2.16 prepares to upgrade the camera shortcut, suggest photos to archive, and more [APK Teardown + Download] 2017/05/31 11:36pm PDTMay 31, 2017 94 The Play Store adopts new app and notification icons with v7.8.16 [APK Download] 2017/05/10 6:25pm PDTMay 10, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Advertise | Contact 117 queries | 0.413s | nexus2 Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
By using this service and related content, you agree to the use of cookies for analytics, personalised content and ads. Learn more msn back to msn home news web search Sign in Change language and content: América Latina (español) Argentina (español) Australia (English) België (Nederlands) Belgique (français) Brasil (português) Canada (English) Canada (français) Chile (español) Colombia (español) Danmark (Dansk) Deutschland (Deutsch) España (español) France (français) India (English) Indonesia (Bahasa Indonesia) Ireland (English) Italia (italiano) Malaysia (English) México (español) Nederland (Nederlands) New Zealand (English) Norge (norsk, bokmål) Österreich (Deutsch) Perú (español) Philippines (English) Polska (polski) Portugal (Português) Schweiz (Deutsch) Singapore (English) South Africa (English) Suisse (français) Suomi (suomi) Sverige (svenska) Türkiye (Türkçe) United Arab Emirates (English) United Kingdom (English) United States (English) United States (español) Venezuela (español) Việt Nam (Tiếng Việt) Ελλάδα (ελληνικά) Россия (Pусский) ישראל (עברית)‏ الإمارات العربية المتحدة (العربية‏) المملكة العربية السعودية (العربية‏) مصر (العربية‏) ไทย (ไทย) 한국 (한국어) 中华人民共和国 (简体中文) 台灣 (繁體中文) 日本 (日本語) 香港特别行政區 (繁體中文) Feedback Headlines UK News General Election World Report Weird News Video Photos My Topics Home News Weather Entertainment Sport Money Lifestyle Horoscopes Health & Fitness Food & Drink Cars Travel News Sections UK News World Report EU Referendum US News Weird News Photos Videos AdChoices Accused of underpaying women, Google says it's too expensive to get wage data The Guardian Sam Levin in San Francisco 27/05/2017 SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL May under fire for track record of ‘broken promises’ Charles called his marriage to Diana a 'Greek tragedy' © Reuters Google officials testified that it would have to spend up to 500 hours of work and $100,000 to comply with investigators’ ongoing demands for wage data. Google argued that it was too financially burdensome and logistically challenging to compile and hand over salary records that the government has requested, sparking a strong rebuke from the US Department of Labor (DoL), which has accused the Silicon Valley firm of underpaying women.  Google officials testified in federal court on Friday that it would have to spend up to 500 hours of work and $100,000 to comply with investigators’ ongoing demands for wage data that the DoL believes will help explain why the technology corporation appears to be systematically discriminating against women. Noting Google’s nearly $28bn annual income as one of the most profitable companies in the US, DoL attorney Ian Eliasoph scoffed at the company’s defense, saying, “Google would be able to absorb the cost as easy as a dry kitchen sponge could absorb a single drop of water.” The tense exchanges in a small San Francisco courtroom emerged in the final day of testimony in the most high-profile government trial to date surrounding the intensifying debate about the wage gap and gender discrimination in the tech industry. The DoL first publicly accused Google of “systemic compensation disparities” during a hearing in April, saying a preliminary inquiry had found that the Mountain View tech firm underpays women across positions. The current court battle stems from the DoL’s lawsuit filed against Google in January, accusing the company of violating federal laws by refusing to provide salary history and contact information of employees as part of a government audit. As a federal contractor, Google is required to comply with equal opportunity laws and allow investigators to review records. Labor officials have said they uncovered pay disparities in a 2015 snapshot of salaries and that investigators needed an earlier snapshot and compensation history of the employees to better understand the wage gap. The agency has also argued that it needs contact information of employees so it can conduct confidential interviews.  “This is obviously a very time-consuming and burdensome project,” said Lisa Barnett Sween, one of Google’s attorneys, claiming that the company has already worked 2,300 hours at a cost of nearly $500,000 to partially comply with the government’s demands, which she argued were broad and unconstitutional. “Our courts must act to check this abuse of power.” Google has vehemently denied the claims that it underpays women, claiming that it has closed its gender pay gap globally and that in the US it provides equal pay across races. Google has also argued that the DoL’s data request would violate the privacy of employees and fourth amendment rights against unreasonable search and seizure. In one revealing exchange, Frank Wagner, the company’s director of compensation, admitted in court that if women are paid less than men in the same positions, those salary disparities can persist even if the employees perform at the same level. Asked about a hypothetical, Wagner explained that if a female employee starts at a lower salary than a male colleague in the same job at Google, she may continue to make less even if they both excel in their first year and score the same on evaluations. Wagner claimed that eventually, their wages would likely be adjusted to match each other: “There would be convergence over time.” Eliasoph, the DoL attorney, said that it was outrageous for Google to argue that historical salary data was irrelevant to the government’s audit, considering it is widely understood that discriminatory wages lead to continued disparities as women advance in their careers. “This claim requires putting one’s head in the sand with respect to 30 years of law on pay discrimination.” Kristin Zmrhal, Google’s senior legal operations manager, also testified that the process of compiling data for the DoL has required engineers, lawyers and employees across departments to build new systems, conduct extensive quality reviews of files, redact documents and complete other complex tasks. “It became too burdensome,” she said, noting Google was forced to hire a third-party vendor to help. “The team was bogged down.” Eliasoph pointed out that Google has consistently earned millions in lucrative government contracts and has recently announced “with great public fanfare” that it invested $150m in diversity initiatives. “Google cannot claim ... that it now has no money to comply with a federal agency seeking to ensure compliance with equal opportunity laws on behalf of the public.” He also claimed that Google, with more than 21,000 employees, was trying to present itself as “too big to comply” and that the company should not be able to skirt anti-discrimination laws just because it is large and has a complex compensation model: “Google takes routine requests and makes them sound onerous by emphasizing the number of people involved.”  Sween asserted that Google has complied with the “overwhelming majority” of the government’s demands, adding, “The agency has little if any regard for the fourth amendment rights of its contractors.” Earlier this month, the tech firm’s lawyers also unsuccessfully argued that the case should be dismissed altogether, claiming that a DoL official may have violated ethics rules by talking to the Guardian about the federal investigation. In that interview in April, regional solicitor Janet Herold said that the initial data suggested that “discrimination against women in Google is quite extreme, even in this industry”. Surveys have repeatedly found that women are often paid less than men for the same jobs across Silicon Valley. An account of sexual harassment at Uber earlier this year has also sparked a widespread debate about misogyny and misconduct in tech. Google is one of three powerful Silicon Valley firms to face DoL lawsuits related to discrimination claims over the last year.  Go to MSN Home Go to MSN News Join the conversation Report Abuse Report inappropriate content Sorry! There was a problem. Please try again. Help us maintain a healthy and vibrant community by reporting any illegal or inappropriate behaviour that violates MSN’s Code of Conduct. Select a category Spam Child pornography or exploitation Profanity, vulgarity or obscenity Copyright infringement Harassment or threat Threats of suicide Other Who posted the inappropriate comment (Required) Paste the unacceptable comment here submit Leave your comment AdChoices AdChoices More from The Guardian 'Like prisoners of war': North Korean labour behind Russia 2018 World Cup The Guardian 'It was a rampage': witnesses describe horror of London terrorist attacks The Guardian Operation Car Wash: Is this the biggest corruption scandal in history? The Guardian The Guardian View the Full Site Feedback © 2017 Microsoft Privacy & Cookies Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Did you find the story interesting? Like us on Facebook to see similar stories I'm already a fan, don't show this again Send Feedback Provide Feedback Report a Problem We appreciate your input! Select a category: I'm having problems with Top Destinations I'm having issues with searching I'm having problems with Featured Apps My Topics feedback Other How we can improve? Please give an overall site rating: Submit Close Privacy Statement Help Help & Support
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us ... Jide Remix Mini Android Desktop PC Review: Interesting Software Let Down By Bargain-Bin Hardware Michael Crider Follow View All Posts 2015/12/19 9:00am PDTDec 19, 2015 79 Plus 1 on G+ 35 Share on Facebook 0 Share on Twitter Total Shares114 News Reviews Article Contents 1 Specs 1.1 Hardware 1.2 Software 1.3 Applications 1.4 Performance 1.5 Conclusion Android is many things. A mobile operating system, a tool for smart watches and set-top boxes, and much more. But one of the things it most certainly is not is a desktop OS... at least in its current form. That said, it's also the world's biggest piece of open-source software, so when Jide decided to make what it calls "the world's first true Android PC," they were more than free to do so. Whether or not it's a good idea is a subject for discussion... and this review. Specs Processor 1.2GHz quad-core Allwinner A53 RAM 2GB Storage 16GB, MicroSD card slot Wireless Wi-Fi b/g/n, Bluetooth 4.0 Battery AC Adapter OS Android 5.1 Dimensions 124 x 88 x 26mm Price $69.99 Colors Black Buy Amazon With the Remix Mini, you get a tiny Roku-sized box that, at least technically, works like a desktop PC. Plug in a monitor or television via the standard HDMI port, add a mouse and keyboard (either via USB or Bluetooth), connect it to the Internet via Wi-Fi or a standard Ethernet port, and you're good to go. And as odd an idea as an Android-powered desktop might seem like on the surface, the Remix Mini manages to be much more than the sum of its figurative parts, thanks to some impressive work on the software. Jide has successfully adapted Android into a keyboard-and-mouse interface, or at least much more of one than any previous attempts, like ASUS' Transformer tablets. Unfortunately, the Remix Mini is almost exactly the sum of its literal parts - even for its super-cheap $70 price tag, the performance is objectively terrible. It might do for a guest machine or a somewhat underpowered set-top box... but unfortunately, there are other devices that fill both roles effectively, for comparable prices. Hardware The Remix Mini looks quite a lot like a Roku. Or a Nexus Player, or an Amazon Fire TV, or any of the other vaguely interchangeable hockey pucks that hide behind your TV. The difference is that this one is intended to act like a desktop computer. Around back are an HDMI port, two standard USB ports, a headphone/microphone jack (though audio through HDMI works as well), a MicroSD card slot, and a proprietary power port. There's no power button on the device, at least not at first glance. The printed logo on the top hides a capacitive button - just tap it to power the gadget on or off. Other than that, it's extremely nondescript. You can hide it behind a desk or monitor (with a little tape - there's no mounting solution), or even slip it in a pocket for travelling. You'll have to fill the other pocket with the power and HDMI cords, and since you're bringing a bag for the mouse and keyboard, you might as well put it all in there. Crack open the plastic and you'll find specifications that completely fail to wow. The Remix Mini is based on a 1.2GHz quad-core 64-bit SoC from Allwinner - not the most auspicious start. There are two models advertised on Jide's site, one with just 1GB of RAM and 8GB of storage, and the other with 2GB and 16GB, respectively. The only one being sold on Amazon is the latter, for $69.99, and it's the one we were sent to review. You'll also get Wi-Fi, Bluetooth, and Ethernet support. Even for the low price, the specs are underwhelming. With no battery, screen, mobile radio, et cetera, I would have expected some of the more core specs to be better. I understand that Jide was going for the absolute smallest price possible, but it comes at the cost of performance - more on that later. Software Remix OS is what Android would be if you tried to turn it into a PC with a mouse and keyboard UI. And considering that the developers needed to tweak or rewrite very nearly everything at the core of the operating system, it's actually quite impressive. Remix's interface runs on top of Android 5.1, and despite some of the extreme changes, includes full access to the Google Play Store and other Google services. The desktop is, well, a desktop. It's an impressive copy of most of the paradigms that Windows users will be familiar with. Windows is definitely the template here, not OS X, any flavor of Linux, or even Chrome, with the main "start" button on the lower-left corner, a taskbar full of currently-running apps, and a set of tools in the lower-right. Each Android app opens as its own window, which can be dragged around, resized, and generally messed with in a familiar way. My Microsoft keyboard and mouse set played nice with the UI; the Windows key opened the start menu, most of the familiar keyboard shortcuts worked, even the semi-proprietary media controls were functional. Windows can be opened and closed in the usual way, and apps downloaded from the Play Store work as you'd expect them to. Up to a point, anyway - obviously the transition from a touchscreen UI to mouse and keyboard has a few hiccups. Starting up Remix OS for the first time is a bit of a chore. My review unit immediately needed a software update, which took the better part of two hours. And if you have a Bluetooth keyboard and mouse ready and waiting, you might need to grab something else: there's no way to connect Bluetooth accessories before the initial setup for Remix and Google's services, so you must have a USB mouse at the very least. Once you start to actually use the device, everything sort of falls into place. You might almost believe you were using a heavily-skinned version of Google's Chrome OS, but Remix has the advantage of access to the full complement of Play Store apps. Resizing and repositioning, including fullscreen view, is possible in every app. That said, the apps usually launch in their ideal forms (usually utilizing a tablet interface), and manually resizing them is awkward and often results in worse use of space. The intersection between the windowed apps and the total desktop UI can be awkward as well - for instance, clicking the "fullscreen" button in the YouTube app will make the video extend to the edges of the window, but then you have to click the fullscreen button on the window itself to see the video as large as possible. Clicking on the hamburger menu on the far right of the taskbar will open up the notifications in a fashion very similar to Windows 10, though you also get a peek at them as they come in, Lollipop-style. The desktop UI doesn't lend itself well to widgets, which is probably why you can't put any on the main screen - if you want to see them, you'll have to click the Start button, then click the Widgets button, at which point an OS X-style screen used only for the widgets will appear. A final note: at the moment Remix works only at resolutions of 720p or 1080p. That's fine if you're planning on using the Remix Mini with a TV or a cheap monitor, but if you have a 16:10 or 4:3 ratio screen, the image will be stretched out with no real fix. Applications Remix includes only a few apps by default: the Play Store, Play Movies, Docs, Sheets, Slides, Gmail, and Chrome from Google, plus customized versions of a calculator, download manager, file explorer, Settings menu, a user feedback tool, and the aforementioned Widgets screen. There's also an app called simply "RAR" that can compress or decompress files. Other than that, you'll be getting everything from the Play Store or from manual APK installations, even some ubiquitous apps like YouTube and Netflix. And this kind of works, if only because Jide seems to have intentionally made the core operating system as minimalist as possible. Though Remix OS is not too difficult to get into, the usual mishmash of manufacturer bloatware wouldn't help. Performance The Remix Mini runs like its trying to swim through molasses on a high-gravity planet. It's not the only problem with the relatively novel hardware and software, but it's definitely the deal-breaker for me. Just getting Chrome to open a page can be a pain, and just about every action on the device takes several seconds to complete. Video is jittery with errors in sound playback (so forget about using this as a media player), and high-end games simply will not run. Even simple games like 2048 stutter and chug. And keep in mind, this is on the better of the two configurations, with 2GB of RAM - I can only assume that the 1GB version is much worse. The focus on an interface that's more complex than standard Android, and is designed to allow reasonable multi-tasking, is probably the reason for this slow performance. And I don't want to be too hard on the Remix Mini, since it is offering a combination of hardware and software that's fairly unique. But the fact remains that this kind of performance would be damning even for a budget phone, to say nothing of something that bills itself as a desktop PC alternative. Conclusion The Remix Mini is cool. It's like a Raspberry Pi for people (like me) who couldn't program their way through a decoder ring cypher. And Jide deserves points for their software, which expands Android in ways that simply can't be found on any other product. But unfortunately, that software still has a lot of little kinks to work out before it feels like a "real" desktop OS. And on top of that, the bargain bin hardware inside the Remix Mini makes it screech to a halt when it's trying to do, well, pretty much anything. If you're looking for a sub-$100 desktop, you'd be better served by a Chrome-powered gadget like the Asus Chromebit. If you're looking for a set-top box, any of the various Roku designs is an easy pick. If you want a tiny Android-powered desktop machine, you might want to check out Jide's products... in another year or two. The Remix Mini is simply too unfinished and too underpowered to recommend. Jide Remix Mini Tags Android desktop desktop Jide mini pc Remix Mini Remix OS review subscribe ... Previous Story Android Police's Team Picks: Our Favorite And Most Used Apps In 2015 ... Next Story [Hands On] Popular Lip-Sync Music Video App, Triller, Comes To Google Play - It's Actually ... Trending 78 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 88 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 Comments PartySmasher I would buy something like this in a heartbeat and be more than happy to spend $100-$200 if it had specs that were actually up to par. Tomasz Kucza For me it would also need a full browser. Mobile Chrome is very limited. sproc $150 can net you a decent win10 box. Problem is, it is win10 :) -Matoro Zeliph- I like the software interface. This is what it should be like when connecting your android phone to a dock and monitor. Eh well, maybe we'll get that someday. Kawshik Ahmed Actually Motorola had such technology called Webtop which turned Android phones into Desktop like OS when connected into a dock. Google removed Webtop after they bought Motorola. Google shouldn't have done this the technology would have improved much by now. Motorola had desktop and laptop dock before MS Continuum -Matoro Zeliph- Yeah. It's a shame. Daniel Marcus Unfortunately, WebTop was removed well before Google bought Motorola Mobility. Roh_Mish The laptop part actually make for a good Raspberry Pi terminal. I have seen a few people using it online. Aabhas I must say, RpiB2 with a preloaded sd card works very well. Only if someone could optimize the remix Android for that. Ubuntu Mate works fine. Android, being lighter, should work much faster. ethd Remix OS would perform worse on a Raspberry Pi 2 than on this. I'm not just being intentionally difficult, either: This Remix Mini has better hardware in every aspect as compared to the Raspberry Pi 2 and still doesn't work well. I think you don't realize just how incredibly lightweight Ubuntu MATE is, even compared to Android. I’jaaz Tello Well, yeah, Android use compiled code and seems to have memory issues. Something that most of Linux doesn't have an issue with. I mean, I ran a box that had ChromeOS + Ubuntu running side by side on 1 gig of ram and 16 gigs of solid state. It worked just fine ethd Not to sound like a jerk, but I don't think you totally understand what you're talking about. Linux uses code compiled ahead of time and has practically since the beginning. Since Lollipop, Android does too. The memory leak issue is definitely real though. I’jaaz Tello You do sound like a jerk. But yes, I do know. I said compiled as in compiled ahead of time.... Lemme quote myself, I said "compiled code" as in past tense code. I do understand how confusing that could sound, but I did mean "compiled" code. Because that is what happens to the code. The runtime compiler stuff is long gone. What I meant was that programmers might have a better understanding of how memory was allocated if they used C to program their applications. As in, what certain programmers do on Linux. I’jaaz Tello Duh!! Brain fart there. Yeah, me knows all that. I've actually compiled some code me self. But the code is more low level, right? I was pretty sure (I could be wrong) that C had more memory allocation control than Java.... Again, dunno what I was thinking. I must have been half asleep. I mean, I compile things on Linux all the time, and I know that Lollipop finally made that happen. Though the main thing I like about Linux is that I can run something like Arch that gives me more control over what runs as a process. That really makes things snappy, y'know? Though you're right about the memory leaks. That's the biggest bummer. Oh, and the crappy skins certain manufacturers put on android. ethd It's true that code in C is lower level, but it's also worth noting that there's nothing stopping developers from using C or C++ on Android, and in fact many game developers do. Java is just an order of magnitude easier than those two languages, especially for apps simpler than games. Michael Carr Part of Android's heft and relative sluggishness in real-world usage comes from the Google apps. They've been getting heavier over the last few years, and phones that were speedy 12 months ago can feel slower now with the same (fully-updated) list of installed apps. ethd The great thing about Remix OS is that it doesn't let any app run in the background by default, including Google's. You have to explicitly enable it. But on the flipside, that means that this computer's shoddy performance isn't because of Google's apps. OhLongJohnson Many of the Amazon reviews point out they were Kickstarter backers. Even if this isn't a power house, I am glad to see a project actually be completed and shipped out to backers. David Onter Yes, there were no delays at all. There was the Kickstarter campaign which I supported and I got my Remix last month, just like announced. ethd This is disappointing, but I kinda expected this. An Allwinner 1.2GHz 64-bit SoC seemed like a recipe for horrible performance - I'm sure it's the CPU more than anything that is causing such disappointing performance. I've been running Jide's official Remix OS on my Nexus 10 for the past few months and it's pretty awesome. I still kinda want to give this a try despite its lousy performance. Tomasz Kucza It may also be flash. Slow flash can kill any device's performance. ethd True enough. I remember my old (now broken and discarded) Nexus 7 2012 with fantastic SoC performance with its Tegra 3 and utterly horrible flash performance that made the device unusable when it was, for example, installing updates from Google Play. Joeyfrombklyn And a fast stable internet connection, I would think help things move a little smoother. ethd It would help Internet-related stuff of course, but it doesn't sound like a lot of the flaws of the Remix Mini are caused by a bad or mediocre connection. Joeyfrombklyn Yes correct, I was struck by the authors complaint of web pages loading painfully slow and thought about hearing people bitch about devices being slow and a lot of times it can be a slow internet connection. Best. Jfb. David Onter The flash is quite fast, installing Apps is very quick (quicker than on my HTC One M8). Slowpoke Allwinner? I thought they were dead. It's even worse than a MediaTek. Still, the UI seems excellent, and it looks very familiar for a Windows 10 user. someone755 Quite honestly I was impressed by the UI from the screenshots. The disappointment came when I read "Allwinner" for the first time in my life though, and it only went downhill from there. I expected a price this low to pack more punch, since most bells and whistles are removed from its phone/tablet counterpart (most notably the display, mobile radios, and various buttons and sensors), but this kind of performance couldn't justify 20€ in my book. Faheem Ahmed it should be tegra x1 atleast and vga port too ashtonrvancamp ❝my neighbor's aunty is making $98 HOURLY on the internet❞....A few days ago new McLaren F1 subsequent after earning 18,512$,,,this was my previous month's paycheck ,and-a little over, $17k Last month ..3-5 h/r of work a day ..with extra open doors & weekly paychecks.. it's realy the easiest work I have ever Do.. I Joined This 7 months ago and now making over $87, p/h.Learn More right Here... sa......... ➤➤ ➤➤➤ http://GlobalSuperEmploymentVacanciesReportMedia/GetPaid/$98hourly... ❦.❦.❦.❦.❦.❦.❦.❦.❦.❦.❦.❦.❦.❦.❦.❦.❦.❦.❦.❦.❦.❦.❦.❦.❦.❦.❦.❦.❦.❦.❦.❦.❦.❦.❦.❦.❦.❦ Alex Lees Why VGA? Most people have HDMI or displayport and this supports TV's too. Faheem Ahmed NO THEY DONT WHOLE ASIA USES VGA NA DVA Kyle Gospodnetich VGA? Are you poor? No, they shouldn't support ancient and deprecated display standards that can't handle modern HD resolutions like VGA. Faheem Ahmed bro i cant afford a even old hdmi lcd.., :( aex5feiy ❝my neighbor's aunty is making $98 HOURLY on the internet❞....A few days ago new McLaren F1 subsequent after earning 18,512$,,,this was my previous month's paycheck ,and-a little over, $17k Last month ..3-5 h/r of work a day ..with extra open doors & weekly paychecks.. it's realy the easiest work I have ever Do.. I Joined This 7 months ago and now making over $87, p/h.Learn More right Here... hm...... ➤➤ ➤➤➤ http://GlobalSuperEmploymentVacanciesReportMedia/GetPaid/$98hourly... ❦.❦.❦.❦.❦.❦.❦.❦.❦.❦.❦.❦.❦.❦.❦.❦.❦.❦.❦.❦.❦.❦.❦.❦.❦.❦.❦.❦.❦.❦.❦.❦.❦.❦.❦.❦.❦.❦ Tomasz Kucza Allwinner are also in violation of GPL license. Worst SOC makers ever. someone755 So they are in the ranks of MTK and Samsung? Sweet, one more thing to avoid when shopping for phones... Rolo Nieves MediaTek SoCs at least works decently, but Allwinner... F**k. Faheem Ahmed no gps,gyrsoscope.compass Daniel Marcus Interestingly, that sort of UI is not as rare as you might think. I just got a Cube T8 which is backed by a MediaTek processor. It includes a very similar windowing feature, and the processor on this tablet seems to handle it just fine. Alexander Trust It might be and older version of Remix OS because Cube is one of Remix' partners, cf. http://www.jide.com/en/remixos/devices Daniel Marcus Oh, you might be right! I have the Cube T8. Good to see Teclast on there too. Cube and Teclast are both great budget tablet OEMs. TedPhillips remixOS has been on my todo list check out for a while. they seem to have the best 'productivity' implementation of android so far. iirc their tablet was much more powerful, tegra 4 maybe? need to look into if there is any device i already have i can put it on. probably not though. seems like an adt-1 might be a good fit for a sup'ed up remix desktop, though. TedPhillips remind me, did AP do a review on the Jide Ultra (tablet)? Sebastian Gorgon that software is what Chrome OS needs to be, it's what Pixel C was born to run. TedPhillips i agree, gut check would be that they should offer a build for pixel C owners. beat google to the punch on their own hardware. Niels There are already builds available for Nexus 10 and Nexus 9 (http://www.jide.com/en/remixos/devices), so a build for Pixel C is a real possibility. I don't know how unlockable Pixel C's bootloader is though, is it as easy as a Nexus? Roh_Mish Pixel devices were easy to unlock till now. C should be easy to unlock too Deckard_Cain When I select the individual screenshots on this article, the image doesn't zoom in. Increase the resolution so we can see better the screenshots! Caleb Escamilla IV been rocking the remix mini for over a month and a half and yes the softwear is jittery at times but the company is one that actually listen to its end users and is working on updating the softwear as quickly as the can. They truly understand that with out the end users feed back there nothing. I believe that this mini Android PC is going to become an amazing product and would recommend it to anyone willing to be on the edge of technology and willing to send feed back at stress test to the Jedi team to look at and fix Mi II Lo To me that's a big problem Caleb, people more willing to bitch about spending $60 on what in essence is an experimental device and being disappointed; instead of going straight to customer support with the issue and then calmly waiting for a resolution. Jide has answered my 5 issues (only two relate to a device issue) within what I thought was a reasonable time. One device Issue was fixed with the second patch update before I got a written response! So yeah I spent $100 on two of the 2gb devices and both are working good for me. I am also involved in the community because I am hoping it succeeds! Omar F. Rodriguez Morales Mmm maybe this device was ment for regular use like checking social media, emails and so, not anything pretty demanding, i would definitely use like a kiosk just to show a web app using chrome browser Joeyfrombklyn Agreed I think that's what this is meant for, at this point in time, with a fast stable internet connection it should serve people well enough to do the basics. David Onter It is. Just watch some interviews, etc. Their slogan is also "Finally, less can be more". Omar F. Rodriguez Morales It's not a beast like the nvidia shield, maybe it's in the same level with the nexus player, I like NP for the TV although, this could be a good distraction if I really really need a mouse and a keyboard Tsun_Pooka I like that the interface is really similar to Windows 10, and that's impressive on an Android setup. Is there any way to get Remix OS as a dual boot with Windows 10 then? Joeyfrombklyn I have to agree for the most part concerning performance, but for some on tight budgets this may be a viable option for light web browsing, email, I think the concept is fantastic and as others have commented the UI looks very nice, hopefully someone will ( get it ) and get the hardware a bit more robust 1st one to market will sell a shit ton of them. Paul Maybe it's the review kit you have but I don't have any issues playing catch up video or live streaming from my own DLNA box, Google Movies, NOW TV and YouTube (Play Music doesn't work but they are working on a fix for that. Between my Chromecast (which is being used only for Play Music now) and my Remix Mini I have a great media player device. It is hooked up to my TV and works brilliantly far better than I expected, it's hidden out the way, goes to sleep when not in use a simple move of the mouse wakes it up. I bought two of these via the KickStarter project. Gave one to my mother and she loves it, got to grips with it right away as she has an android phone so 99% of it works the same just on a bigger screen (also helps when she has a tech issue I know how to help her out). For basic stuff like email, web browsing (yes a desktop chrome browser would be nice) playing music, listening to the radio, watching tv and movies it's a great little device and hasn't slowed down once for me even when using multiple windows, for example I have used WPS Office and a browser for research, while listening to YouTube music playlists and having email open I didn't see any issues at all. And not forgetting it's very portable so on away trips I simply plug it into the hotels TV HDMI and I have everything as if at home. EzequielBruni Ok, right now I'm using my laptop to run a pseudo-smart TV. While this might not be a great production desktop, do ya'll think it could run a TV just fine? The desktop interface works from me. I need to use it with a VPN, and also want to stream games from my desktop a la Steam In-home streaming. (Yay for the ethernet port!) Think it would work for all of that? David Onter Nah, keep your laptop. bpcooper14 Fill disclosure. I am one of the kickstarter backers. In my experience with the month I have used the mini, I've been impressed with the updates to address some of the issues users have encountered. I think I've gotten 3 updates thus far. Is it a powerhouse desktop replacement? Nope. I've been able to watch movies, browser the web, work within Microsoft documents, and lite gaming. For the $40 I paid, I got my monies worth and it will continue to improve. Version 2 will no doubt address complement concerns people might have. Great first effort in my opinion. Faheem Ahmed wish they launch a launcher in playstore @androidpolice David Onter Running several apps in windows at the same time is not just a launcher... Faheem Ahmed BUT MAN LOOK AT BRIGHT SIDE....HAVE U USED FIREFOXOS DE FOR ANDORID..ITS A LAUNCHER!! @FIREFOX Faheem Ahmed NO VGA,NO TEGRAX1,NO OPENSOUSCE larry9 I love the concept and it sounds like the software part of this product is very sound. Often a "new concept" product is introduced on very capable hardware, soon followed by a budget version. It seems they could now fairly quickly launch the more capable version. For twice the hardware cost the performance should be way way better. David Onter I also received mine a few weeks ago and was honestly suprised by how decent it is software-wise. The hardware on the other hand is pretty bad. The SoC costs 5$, is advertised as "the most cost-efficient 64bit-chipset on the market" and gets a score of 21363 on AnTuTu. The performance is overall alright, even if some glitches have to be expected. I also noticed that the audio chip the Mini uses is really bad (probably the built-in one), even though there's an "output raw audio signal"-option in the settings which I haven't tested yet. If somebody is curious which version of Android is underneath of Remix OS 2.0, it's Android 5.1. I'm not a native speaker and writing longer texts is a pain for me, so I'll write some more things as a list: *) The "RAR" app that is preinstalled is simply the compression app by WinRar from the Play Store which can be installed on about every device. *) The Mini is supposed to support 4k too, but it currently doesn't reliably work. Jide is working with Allwinner on an Update that should address this. *) Jide's support is great and they're normaly very direct. They also have an own forum and regulary ask questions/involve the community in the development on their social channels. *) There have been no informations concerning root or custom development so far, but at least Allwinner isn't known for their dev support. We'll see. *) The company Jide-Tech is a Chinese-based startup founded by 3 Ex-Googlers. *) Jide has forshadowed that they're working on a "Pro"-model several times and are already asking on Facebook what people would expect from it. Gaurav Arora I think their next hardware model will be the one to look out for! Alex Lees I ordered the 2GB model from Kickstarter. Got charged €19 for customs. Probably wouldn't have bought if that was the case although it does state customs charges may apply. I'm selling mine, I haven't even opened it. They sent it with a european adapter even though I asked them to change it for a UK one, they refused. The UK plug was added as an option after I'd pledged so I originally chose European. Lord_Santa If Jide have any sense, they will port Remix OS 2.0 to the Pixel C. Zan Zac Zac I have exactly the same version. i think that performance-wise it is what i had expected. I have installed Kodi and popcorn time and they work flawlessly. Even 1080p does not stutter. The processor does its job for the purpose i bought it for. Which is not 3d gaming or other power user tasks. In my opinion, with the excellent support taken into consideration, it is worth it. wuafri I already use Android OS. as a dekstop with Vysor . Andrew M. Sheppard You just save me 12.00. I was going to purchase another copy of VMLite's VNC Viewer. I'd rather support Koush. Thanks! Mi II Lo I got to say I just did not have the troubles you did Michael. I mean I understand that it is not all they said it would be, and I admit I was hoping for better, but in my usage I have not come across all the lag and other troubles you are pointing out in your piece. Having said that, the forum has plenty of complaints about many things you wrote about, but just as many folks offering workarounds or other solutions. Jide is still pumping fixes and many would say they did rush out their product before it was fully baked. This is their initial offering however and if they can fix everything for everyone and upgrade their device then this should be very promising! There is also plenty of folks posting apps that work great and peripherals that are working. So as with all new devices and UI's mileage will vary! Said Tahsin Dane This customized Android OS would be a great fit for a cheap laptop. erick just get an intel/windows10 based pc/hdmi stick for the real deal. quad core Pentium with HD/4K graphics. Christopher Holly the only issue that I have had, was that the Kickstart unit I got, the capacitive button doesn't work. Sigh. Waiting still on RMA...But the unit works and seems to be totally usable, cruddy processor or not. It will hang occasionally, but my experience with using it for web browsing has been fairly positive. The OS is really usable for the desktop, compared to simply using the Android OS with HID. Gary Deezy I wonder how this would compare to the $100 intel compute sticks with 2GB of RAM and Win10? Tony i have a problem, when i try to reproduce videos on youtube app or instagram even in the main repro de os crash... help. sorry for my english Gugman ...so forget about using this as a media player... now that is a very bold statement, as I just watched mkv file from usb, nba game at 60fps around 5gb big with no issues at all, using Kodi as a player Titus C I do not care who the builder of the hardware is, remix mini works better as a 'smart' addition to my old plasma TV and now is more usable than my new Samsung Smart TV. I only use use Remix mini for reading emails and browsing and watching video streaming either from hbogo, youtube or my Synology nas located at my office (through DS video) and all of them work flawlessly. So for me is perfectly ok as is. Would have liked widgets - at least usual ones like clock and weather just to make the desktop a bit more friendly but not a big deal that they are mising. Bram Stolk Does it do OpenGL ES3 ? Иван Иванов A lot of crashes, the player does not read all the basic codecs or the video goes cracked. Sensor screen emulation is defective, and often the hero moves himself without doing anything. Honestly, I'm pretty disappointed. True, it's kind of cheap, but still ... Follow Android Police 1.49M 472k 145k 119k Latest Deals 9 [Deal Alert] Chromecast Ultra is $59.99 ($10 off) at Google Store, Best Buy, B&H and others 2017/06/04 12:16pm PDTJun 4, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] Google Home is $109 ($20 off) at Best Buy, Google Store, B&H, and others 2017/06/04 10:07am PDTJun 4, 2017 12 [Deal Alert] Kick off the weekend with 24 temporarily free and 52 on-sale apps 2017/06/03 6:50pm PDTJun 3, 2017 18 [Deal Alert] Get a Nextbit Robin for $129.99 on eBay 2017/06/03 9:39am PDTJun 3, 2017 33 [Deal Alert] A Stork's Journey is currently free on Google Play Movies & TV 2017/06/01 10:50pm PDTJun 1, 2017 Latest Poll How many photos are on your Google Photos account? Under 100 100-999 1,000-2,499 2,500-4,999 5,000-9,999 10,000-19,999 20,000-39,999 More than 40,000. View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 67 Asus ZenFone 3 Zoom review: A promising phone that falls victim to bad software and cut corners 2017/05/31 2:21pm PDTMay 31, 2017 113 AOSPA (Paranoid Android) review: back from the dead, and we're thrilled 2017/05/31 9:47am PDTMay 31, 2017 29 Tag Heuer Connected Modular 45 review: It seems like $1,500 should get you more 2017/05/29 9:57am PDTMay 29, 2017 74 [Update, G+ Post] Francisco Franco makes his productivity timer 5217 free to try 2017/05/16 10:01am PDTMay 16, 2017 290 HTC U11 hands-on: HTC gets a little closer to the mark 2017/05/16 12:02am PDTMay 16, 2017 Latest Roundups 13 29 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/24/17 - 5/31/17) 2017/05/31 10:20am PDTMay 31, 2017 8 10 new and notable Android apps from the last week (5/23/17 - 5/29/17) 2017/05/29 12:49pm PDTMay 29, 2017 13 31 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/17/17 - 5/23/17) 2017/05/23 3:06pm PDTMay 23, 2017 16 12 new and notable Android apps and live wallpapers from the last week (5/16/17 - 5/22/17) 2017/05/22 12:48pm PDTMay 22, 2017 16 29 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/10/17 - 5/16/17) 2017/05/16 4:22pm PDTMay 16, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 19 Boost for Reddit removed from Play Store for alleged promotion of drugs, still not back after a week 2017/06/04 4:25pm PDTJun 4, 2017 114 Weekend poll: How many photos are synced to your Google Photos account? 2017/06/04 3:44pm PDTJun 4, 2017 28 Tasker beta v5 brings a fresh Material Design look and a huge list of other changes 2017/06/03 7:27pm PDTJun 3, 2017 12 [Deal Alert] Kick off the weekend with 24 temporarily free and 52 on-sale apps 2017/06/03 6:50pm PDTJun 3, 2017 76 Samsung uploads its Device Maintenance tool to the Play Store 2017/06/03 6:01pm PDTJun 3, 2017 Blast from the Past 60 1 Year Ago Today More Motorola Leaks: 'Style Mod' Replaceable Covers For The Moto X/Z And DROID Come In A Variety Of Materials 2016/06/04 12:27pm PDTJun 4, 2016 40 2 Years Ago Today Chrome Beta v44 Comes With Improvements To 'Native App' And 'Add To Homescreen' Banners, New Push API Features, And More [APK Download] 2015/06/04 5:14pm PDTJun 4, 2015 129 3 Years Ago Today YouTube v5.7 For Android Finally Lets You Select Exact Streaming Quality, As Long As It's 720p Or Lower [APK Download] 2014/06/04 6:16pm PDTJun 4, 2014 3 4 Years Ago Today Google Posts Glass XE6 Factory Image For Your Flashing Pleasure 2013/06/04 8:31pm PDTJun 4, 2013 16 5 Years Ago Today [Update: Pre-Orders Are Live] Sprint Announces The Galaxy S III Available June 21, Pre-Orders Start June 5 - $199 For 16GB, $249 For 32GB 2012/06/04 10:55pm PDTJun 4, 2012 327 6 Years Ago Today [Book Giveaway #2] Looking To Get Into Android Development? We're Giving Away "Hello, Android" To A Lucky Reader 2011/06/04 7:16pm PDTJun 4, 2011 2 7 Years Ago Today HTC EVO 4G OTA Update Comes Out In Time For Launch, Fixes SD Card Problems, Patches Security Issues, But Disables Root - Available Via WiFi As Well 2010/06/04 6:44pm PDTJun 4, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 35 It's not just you—there's a widespread Google Home outage 2017/06/04 12:04pm PDTJun 4, 2017 117 Weekend poll: How many photos are synced to your Google Photos account? 2017/06/04 3:44pm PDTJun 4, 2017 64 Samsung opens up its browser to some non-Samsung devices on the Play Store 2017/06/04 10:30am PDTJun 4, 2017 30 Motorola rolling out Android 7.1.1 to the Moto Z Play 2017/06/04 8:45am PDTJun 4, 2017 19 Boost for Reddit removed from Play Store for alleged promotion of drugs, still not back after a week 2017/06/04 4:25pm PDTJun 4, 2017 Last 7 Days 28 Google Photos v2.16 prepares to upgrade the camera shortcut, suggest photos to archive, and more [APK Teardown + Download] 2017/05/31 11:36pm PDTMay 31, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] Here are 38 temporarily free and 72 on-sale apps, plus both 0.10 Apps of the Week 2017/05/31 2:08pm PDTMay 31, 2017 501 [Update: New details plus Andy Rubin interview] The Essential phone is official, with an edge-to-edge display and the world's smallest 360-degree camera accessory 2017/05/30 7:48am PDTMay 30, 2017 76 Samsung uploads its Device Maintenance tool to the Play Store 2017/06/03 6:01pm PDTJun 3, 2017 24 Plex Live TV is now available for all Plex Pass subscribers, tuner required 2017/06/01 6:00am PDTJun 1, 2017 Last 30 Days 78 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 88 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 28 Google Photos v2.16 prepares to upgrade the camera shortcut, suggest photos to archive, and more [APK Teardown + Download] 2017/05/31 11:36pm PDTMay 31, 2017 94 The Play Store adopts new app and notification icons with v7.8.16 [APK Download] 2017/05/10 6:25pm PDTMay 10, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Advertise | Contact 115 queries | 0.382s | forge Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
Oneindia Classifieds Coupons Education News Movies Buy Insurance Auto Cricket Gadgets Lifestyle Money Travel Menu Home News Mobiles Reviews How to Features Top 10 Mobiles Gadget Finder Menu Tip Us!FacebookTwittergplusYoutube News Mobile Tablet Laptop Computer Gear Camera Reviews How To Features Gadget Finder Photos Videos English हिन्दी ಕನ್ನಡ മലയാളം தமிழ் తెలుగు বাংলা ગુજરાતી Home  |  Mobile  |  News  | Google Pixel with Android O spotted on Geekbench Google Pixel with Android O spotted on Geekbench By: Chandrika Jana Published: Saturday, May 27, 2017, 17:00 [IST] A Google pixel smartphone has just been spotted on the popular benchmark site, GeekBench. The most significant thing about the handset is that it runs on Android O. The listing the phone on Geekbench suggests that it will be a regular variant of Google's 2016 flagship. As you can see from the image, the model has managed to bag 1631 points on the single-core test, while it has received 3876 on the multi-core test. As we know, the average Google Pixel with Android Nougat scores more than 4000 points on the multi-core test. Also Read: Set of things you can do with Google Play Music Google recently announced the Android O at its I/O 2017 developer conference. During the announcement, Google claimed that the successor of Android Nougat will be more useful and deliver Fluid Experiences with features including Picture-in-picture, Notification Dots, Autofill with Google, and Smart Text Selection. Additionally, Android O will also come with TensorFlow Lite tech, some pertinent security enhancements, new developer tools, and a new programming language. Now, coming back to the Google Pixel phone, other features are still the same. This means that it comes equipped with a Snapdragon 821 chipset along with 4GB of LPDDR4 RAM. Android O will likely launch later this year, and we are assuming that it could feature with the upcoming Google Pixel 2. Rumors have it that it will be officially called the Android 8.0 Oreo. It will be made available first to Nexus and Pixel devices. It will then gradually make its way to other Android handsets from the different brands. Source Via Google Pixel 2 61,999(Expected Price) Specs Competitors Images +11 Read More About google | android o | news | android | smartphones Other articles published on May 27, 2017 Please Wait while comments are loading... Meizu Pro 7, Pro 7 Plus specs, launch date and rear cover leak ACT Fibernet upgrades internet broadband plans in Coimbatore Oppo R11 hands-on video leaked online: Watch it here Featured Posts Opinion Poll 34,688 Followers 13,012 Followers 1,41,901 Followers 7,506 Followers GET OUR TOP TECH STORIES DELIVERED TO YOUR INBOX FOR FREE Do not Disturb Gizbot in Other Languages বাংলা ગુજરાતી हिन्दी ಕನ್ನಡ മലയാളം தமிழ் తెలుగు Explore Gizbot News Gear Tablet Laptop Mobile Gadgets Features How-To Computer Gadget Finder Other Greynium Sites Oneindia Filmibeat Boldsky Drivespark Goodreturns Native Planet Careerindia Clickin Download Oneindia App Google Play App Store Follow Gizbot Daily Updates Get Gizbot Alerts Get Push Notifications About Us | Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | Newsletters | Apps | RSS | Advertise with Us | Work for Us | Contact Us | Site Feedback | Sitemap © Greynium Information Technologies Pvt. Ltd. All Rights Reserved.
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us ... Google is now offering four free months of Google Play Music for new subscribers Ryne Hager Follow View All Posts 2017/05/26 2:17pm PDTMay 26, 2017 82 Plus 1 on G+ 614 Share on Facebook 102 Share on Twitter Total Shares798 Google News Right now it looks like Google is running a special offer for Google Play Music. New subscribers that sign up here can get four free months of service instead of the usual three. No telling how long this offer might last, so if you have been considering subscribing, now might be the time to do it. It could save you an extra $10. Again, this particular offer is only for new subscribers. I've been a fan of Play Music for a long time, though the device removal limit does get in the way when you switch between devices and ROMs as often as I do. Being able to mix your own library with those of a service also comes in handy. That way I can continue to support artists I am passionate about, without eschewing the larger selection of a subscription offering for the purposes of content discovery, all while being able to fill the gaps in that library. There are a lot of different music services out there, but if you're interested combining your curated library with music available via a subscription, then your options are limited. Spotify does allow you to play back locally stored files, which is convenient, but it isn't quite the same. Amazon also allows you to upload your music for playback via Amazon Music, and with Amazon Prime membership, you get a small library of streaming music to go along with that. For $10 a month ($8 for Prime members) you can access their full library as well. But, Google Play Music has a great interface and plugs nicely into all the other Google services we love. Maybe with this new offer, it's time you gave Google Play Music a chance? After all, even if it doesn't end up working out, you still got four free months of music out of the deal. Source: Google Play Music Tags google play music play music promo special offer subscription subscription music subscribe ... Previous Story OnePlus starts a referral program just in time for the OnePlus 5 ... Next Story [Update: Now $75 Off] Deal Alert: Pixel 32GB (international version) is $50 off on eBay Trending 78 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 88 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 Comments Ailín Ó’S Tried the code in Ireland, Britain and Greece and it works, glad to see it works in Europe too! Carson Saldanha Wait, wdym 3 different countries? Did you share it with others or something? Ailín Ó’S I live in Ireland, so that's my main account. I have a secondary account based in England as part of a mail forwarder service I use, and my bf is Greek so I had him check the code on his account :) Carson Saldanha Oh wow! Carson Saldanha Hey, since I know it worked for you, are you able to use YouTube Red along with this Play Music free trial? Because my YT Red doesn't seem to be enabled for me. Ailín Ó’S No, unfortunately not as I live in the EU and YouTube Red is only available in USA. Carson Saldanha Weird, I'm in the US though. Ailín Ó’S Ooh that is odd. Sign out of the app then sign back in maybe? Carson Saldanha No luck :( I'm in contact with Google support atm Hopefully they can sort this out Mike Worth it alone for Youtube Red MisterAlex Sweet, I wasn't sure if that was included. Thanks. Should mention that in the main blog post. Ben Still no student membership >:( Ailín Ó’S Spotify is a great alternative @€$£5/month. Ben I know that's what I use just because it's half the price. Ailín Ó’S In Ireland Vodafone have a partnership with Spotify whereby it costs €5 standard instead of €10 regardless of if you're a student or not, they even bundle it with some of their plans. Vodafone do the same in some other countries they operate in (not all). Maybe see if any network in your country has a partnership like that? Worth a shot! Ben Oh yeah I'm on EE in the UK and I've got Apple Music for free for 6 months but like iTunes is a massive stinking turd. Ailín Ó’S I'd rather go back to the days of getting music via Bluetooth from friends than use crApple Music 😂😂 Rahul Krishna In india, we have play music for 1.4 usd/month Umang Ladia I'm only seeing 2 months offer in India.?? Rahul Krishna Well I subscribed to it when it launched here (about 2 months ago), so I can't confirm that. But at this price, there is nothing to be disappointed about. aRvInD I wish Spotify launches soon here. I can't keep using that patched version here...!! Rahul Krishna Me too xyz As it should be, you can't charge European or American prices in India. Rahul Krishna Yes true. There are lots​ of people here with a very cheap Android phone. They cannot pay much money. Julian Coronado That's actually what's keeping me away from Play Music. I've used my free months and I loved the Youtube Red too. But as a student, Spotify for $5 / month is too great to pass up on. Emiliejmosley Google is paying 97$ per hour! Work for few hours & have longer with friends and family! !sm141c: On tuesday I got a great new Land Rover Range Rover from having earned $8752 this last four weeks.. Its the most-financialy rewarding I've had.. Follow this link for more information !sm141c: ➽➽ ➽➽;➽➽ http://GoogleFinancialCashJobs431ShopRichGetPaid$97/Hour... ★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫::::::!sm141c:....,..... Cakefish Spotify ftw ToniCipriani ✓pǝᴉɟᴉɹǝʌ I don't think this is a new offer, got this a while back. In fact my 4 months is expiring next week. Prefer Spotify over it. Song selection a tad bit weaker, and for foreign songs it tries to translate the song names to English and makes it hard to look up. folkrav I like it, it's way cheaper than Spotify for me - my mother, my sister, my wife and myself each pay 30$ a year and we're set - but Jesus do I hate the clients. I don't like the website's interface, I hate the Android app. But yeah, I'll deal with it cause it's cheap, I guess. Carson Saldanha Got it! Yay! Jim I wish I could somehow get it on my Amazon Echo hahaha. I guess if I had paid for a Google Home it would be worth trying out. Forget vega #getEVGA Why google play music isn't available in my country ? Ailín Ó’S Try Apple Music? They seem to be just about everywhere. Iamsecond And this is why Apple continue to dominate, because Apple are truly interested in being an international company whereas Google is just playing at it. Such a shame xyz Because Google sucks. Bartek Juszczak My GPM radio's are so good these days I love that Google is so into AI. Whether It's just "I'm being lucky" or radio from a specific song, band or album they very rarely disappoint me these days. I just make sure to thumbs up if it plays a song I particularly love. I am a student and could go cheaper with spotify but the AI generated playlists have me locked in. If it's £5 cheaper but I'm not gonna enjoy it nearly as much then it's not really a good deal. AndTheWorldMayNeverKnow I used the 3 or 4 months free trial during the holidays then bought the family plan for $14.99 a month. 4 people in my family us it and it works great, the app could use some tweaks but it's really good overall. paev If you listen to main stream music it doesn't really matter what service to use. However, if you like something unusual, weird or other languages then Google is a way to go. I found bands on Google music that Spotify displayed as not found. Google also have new synth bands that Spotify doesn't. I'm for Google too. Daniel I discovered that GPM is kinda like a music label. I once went to a section of Google play explaining how indie artists can use GPM like a music label as long as they own all their rights. Ryne Hager Ultraista (among others) keeps me using Google Play Music as well as Spotify. Carson Saldanha Does anyone else who activated the Play Music trial have YouTube Red working as well? My YT Red doesn't seem to be enabled while my Play Music is. Michael Carr I spotted a similar offer a couple of months ago, and I took it after a day or two's thought. Just last week, I moved directly into a family plan. PewPewYoureDead It's hard to recommend Google Play Music until they revamp the UI. Margaritas Ante Porcos Google Music is the only choice in some markets, like Russia, where no Spotify or Pandora are available. There are too many shortcomings in Google Music and Google never shows interest in making services better than below average. I really wonder why Google refuses to become the best at anything. Real magic here. Pixel syndrome all the way. Yet Google Music is on my phone and I use it because there's no choice whatsoever. Rob You answered your own question. If there's no alternative, then they don't have any incentive to improve the service. SupahNin10doh Stupid Dorito logo... Raymond Berger Huh, I just subscribed to the trial but you youtube red hasn't kicked in yet. Any idea how long it takes? Iamsecond If you live in the UK, about 2 years so far h20ray Google Play Music is currently available in select territories and for select account types. Umang Ladia I'm only seeing 2 months offer in India, anybody can confirm? Mohammad Ovais Yeah, same for me. Maybe it's region limited. Isolde I think you need to open the link in a browser, if you open it in the app it's just the normal 2 months. bligui Confirmed need to open it from link and it works Manoj | Blogging Triggers Is Google Music really worth to it? We have better alternatives Sathiya Moorthy Karan I came across a great post, it seems to be so cool http://developeit.net/android-news-image-scanner-finder/ Zachariah Mann It only shows up as 2 free months for me. I live in Michigan. https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/a19b7e9dddb67bf897c751aedf63c01917048214140db901fd783b2182d8d5c0.png Jefferson Rodrigues https://play.google.com/music/listen?coupon=120DFREE&coupontype=vanity#/sulp Zachariah Mann That link still brought me to the same page on the Play Music App which offers 2 months free. Does it matter if I'm opening it on a computer or web page? Jefferson Rodrigues I don't know. Mikael Jakobsson Should mabye joine premium at Google Music if that coste like $2 max a month dont understand why they should take as mutch as someone some has app or Win32 software to PC so music controllers one they keyboards works. Tab out frome a game for pause music when the round is over is just bad. Arif Gürü And stil isnt available on Turkey xyz "No telling how long this offer might last, so if you have been considering subscribing, now might be the time to do it." No thanks, I'll just use YouTube. Only thing YT needs is an option to play audio only so I can save a wee bit more data when I don't need video. Cai Copley Nope. If it wasn't for the fact work pays for Spotify Premium and the fact Spotify has Crossfade to emulate a DJ system, maybe I'd give it a whirl. bligui Not working any more to bad Follow Android Police 1.49M 472k 145k 119k Latest Deals 9 [Deal Alert] Chromecast Ultra is $59.99 ($10 off) at Google Store, Best Buy, B&H and others 2017/06/04 12:16pm PDTJun 4, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] Google Home is $109 ($20 off) at Best Buy, Google Store, B&H, and others 2017/06/04 10:07am PDTJun 4, 2017 12 [Deal Alert] Kick off the weekend with 24 temporarily free and 52 on-sale apps 2017/06/03 6:50pm PDTJun 3, 2017 18 [Deal Alert] Get a Nextbit Robin for $129.99 on eBay 2017/06/03 9:39am PDTJun 3, 2017 33 [Deal Alert] A Stork's Journey is currently free on Google Play Movies & TV 2017/06/01 10:50pm PDTJun 1, 2017 Latest Poll How many photos are on your Google Photos account? Under 100 100-999 1,000-2,499 2,500-4,999 5,000-9,999 10,000-19,999 20,000-39,999 More than 40,000. View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 67 Asus ZenFone 3 Zoom review: A promising phone that falls victim to bad software and cut corners 2017/05/31 2:21pm PDTMay 31, 2017 113 AOSPA (Paranoid Android) review: back from the dead, and we're thrilled 2017/05/31 9:47am PDTMay 31, 2017 29 Tag Heuer Connected Modular 45 review: It seems like $1,500 should get you more 2017/05/29 9:57am PDTMay 29, 2017 74 [Update, G+ Post] Francisco Franco makes his productivity timer 5217 free to try 2017/05/16 10:01am PDTMay 16, 2017 290 HTC U11 hands-on: HTC gets a little closer to the mark 2017/05/16 12:02am PDTMay 16, 2017 Latest Roundups 13 29 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/24/17 - 5/31/17) 2017/05/31 10:20am PDTMay 31, 2017 8 10 new and notable Android apps from the last week (5/23/17 - 5/29/17) 2017/05/29 12:49pm PDTMay 29, 2017 13 31 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/17/17 - 5/23/17) 2017/05/23 3:06pm PDTMay 23, 2017 16 12 new and notable Android apps and live wallpapers from the last week (5/16/17 - 5/22/17) 2017/05/22 12:48pm PDTMay 22, 2017 16 29 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/10/17 - 5/16/17) 2017/05/16 4:22pm PDTMay 16, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 18 Boost for Reddit removed from Play Store for alleged promotion of drugs, still not back after a week 2017/06/04 4:25pm PDTJun 4, 2017 112 Weekend poll: How many photos are synced to your Google Photos account? 2017/06/04 3:44pm PDTJun 4, 2017 28 Tasker beta v5 brings a fresh Material Design look and a huge list of other changes 2017/06/03 7:27pm PDTJun 3, 2017 12 [Deal Alert] Kick off the weekend with 24 temporarily free and 52 on-sale apps 2017/06/03 6:50pm PDTJun 3, 2017 76 Samsung uploads its Device Maintenance tool to the Play Store 2017/06/03 6:01pm PDTJun 3, 2017 Blast from the Past 60 1 Year Ago Today More Motorola Leaks: 'Style Mod' Replaceable Covers For The Moto X/Z And DROID Come In A Variety Of Materials 2016/06/04 12:27pm PDTJun 4, 2016 40 2 Years Ago Today Chrome Beta v44 Comes With Improvements To 'Native App' And 'Add To Homescreen' Banners, New Push API Features, And More [APK Download] 2015/06/04 5:14pm PDTJun 4, 2015 129 3 Years Ago Today YouTube v5.7 For Android Finally Lets You Select Exact Streaming Quality, As Long As It's 720p Or Lower [APK Download] 2014/06/04 6:16pm PDTJun 4, 2014 3 4 Years Ago Today Google Posts Glass XE6 Factory Image For Your Flashing Pleasure 2013/06/04 8:31pm PDTJun 4, 2013 16 5 Years Ago Today [Update: Pre-Orders Are Live] Sprint Announces The Galaxy S III Available June 21, Pre-Orders Start June 5 - $199 For 16GB, $249 For 32GB 2012/06/04 10:55pm PDTJun 4, 2012 327 6 Years Ago Today [Book Giveaway #2] Looking To Get Into Android Development? We're Giving Away "Hello, Android" To A Lucky Reader 2011/06/04 7:16pm PDTJun 4, 2011 2 7 Years Ago Today HTC EVO 4G OTA Update Comes Out In Time For Launch, Fixes SD Card Problems, Patches Security Issues, But Disables Root - Available Via WiFi As Well 2010/06/04 6:44pm PDTJun 4, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 112 Weekend poll: How many photos are synced to your Google Photos account? 2017/06/04 3:44pm PDTJun 4, 2017 35 It's not just you—there's a widespread Google Home outage 2017/06/04 12:04pm PDTJun 4, 2017 61 Samsung opens up its browser to some non-Samsung devices on the Play Store 2017/06/04 10:30am PDTJun 4, 2017 29 Motorola rolling out Android 7.1.1 to the Moto Z Play 2017/06/04 8:45am PDTJun 4, 2017 18 Boost for Reddit removed from Play Store for alleged promotion of drugs, still not back after a week 2017/06/04 4:25pm PDTJun 4, 2017 Last 7 Days 28 Google Photos v2.16 prepares to upgrade the camera shortcut, suggest photos to archive, and more [APK Teardown + Download] 2017/05/31 11:36pm PDTMay 31, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] Here are 38 temporarily free and 72 on-sale apps, plus both 0.10 Apps of the Week 2017/05/31 2:08pm PDTMay 31, 2017 501 [Update: New details plus Andy Rubin interview] The Essential phone is official, with an edge-to-edge display and the world's smallest 360-degree camera accessory 2017/05/30 7:48am PDTMay 30, 2017 76 Samsung uploads its Device Maintenance tool to the Play Store 2017/06/03 6:01pm PDTJun 3, 2017 24 Plex Live TV is now available for all Plex Pass subscribers, tuner required 2017/06/01 6:00am PDTJun 1, 2017 Last 30 Days 78 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 88 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 28 Google Photos v2.16 prepares to upgrade the camera shortcut, suggest photos to archive, and more [APK Teardown + Download] 2017/05/31 11:36pm PDTMay 31, 2017 94 The Play Store adopts new app and notification icons with v7.8.16 [APK Download] 2017/05/10 6:25pm PDTMay 10, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Advertise | Contact 117 queries | 0.313s | forge Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
Home Markets Companies Opinion Politics Technology Specials PF Portfolio My Page GST Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Editorial Comment Columnists BS Special Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll North East West South Election News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups B2B Connect Sponsored Content BS Special News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists BS Special Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups B2B Connect Sponsored Content BS Special PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists BS Special Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups B2B Connect Sponsored Content BS Special PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists BS Special Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups B2B Connect Sponsored Content BS Special PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST BS APPS iPad iPhone Android Wap BS PRODUCTS Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books Today's Paper BS SPECIALS B2B Connect Power & Energy SME BS E-Paper Bs Learning Hi, Change Password Subscribe Sign out Change Password Manage My Account Sign out SIGN IN Subscribe               TRENDING ON BS #Markets #Demonetisation #BSTech #GST #BSSpecial News Stock Quote Authors  News    Stock Quote    Authors You are here: Home » News-IANS » Business-Economy Duterte under fire over rape comment My dream is to be in world cinema: Radhika Apte Business Standard Google adds 'Personal' tab in search results IANS  |  New York  May 27, 2017 Last Updated at 15:36 IST email this article Message: Recipients' Email: Type address separated by commas Your Email: Enter the characters shown in the image. Send me a copy:   http://mybs.in/2UVod4l ALSO READ LVMH sounds note of caution after turning in record results Dow Chemical's results, forecast benefit as economic growth boosts demand Starbucks results disappoint, new CEO must brew up growth Yahoo results beat; sees Verizon deal closing later than expected Toshiba files results unapproved by auditor; warns of 'going concern' risk Aiming to help people find what they are looking for, Google has added a "Personal" tab in search results to show content from private sources like Gmail account and Google Photos library. "Similar to the Images, News and Maps tabs, the Personal tab narrows down search query and shows results from your Google accounts instead," technology website theverge.com reported. The "Personal" tab can be found behind the "More" menu and will surface results like Gmail messages and calendar events from users signed-in accounts. For photo searches, users can either immediately open an image result or click through to do a deeper search in Google Photos. In March, Google introduced shortcuts on the Google Search app for Android, iOS and Google.com on the mobile web that gives users the ability to explore deeper within topics they care about. With shortcuts right on the home screen, users now have access to in-depth experiences across sports, eat and drink, entertainment and weather sections. Android users will find other useful shortcuts too like translate, nearby attractions, flights, hotels, internet speed test, currency converter and more. --IANS anuj/py/bg (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Read More On Results | News-ians | Business-economy PREVIOUS STORY NEXT STORY RECOMMENDED FOR YOU Advertisements Cover from Natural Calamities. Buy Home Insurance Cover from Earthquake & Floods. Buy Home Insurance Google adds 'Personal' tab in search results Aiming to help people find what they are looking for, Google has added a "Personal" tab in search results to show content from private sources like Gmail account and Google Photos library. Aiming to help people find what they are looking for, Google has added a "Personal" tab in search results to show content from private sources like Gmail account and Google Photos library. "Similar to the Images, News and Maps tabs, the Personal tab narrows down search query and shows results from your Google accounts instead," technology website theverge.com reported. The "Personal" tab can be found behind the "More" menu and will surface results like Gmail messages and calendar events from users signed-in accounts. For photo searches, users can either immediately open an image result or click through to do a deeper search in Google Photos. In March, Google introduced shortcuts on the Google Search app for Android, iOS and Google.com on the mobile web that gives users the ability to explore deeper within topics they care about. With shortcuts right on the home screen, users now have access to in-depth experiences across sports, eat and drink, entertainment and weather sections. Android users will find other useful shortcuts too like translate, nearby attractions, flights, hotels, internet speed test, currency converter and more. --IANS anuj/py/bg (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) IANS Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 Google adds 'Personal' tab in search results Aiming to help people find what they are looking for, Google has added a "Personal" tab in search results to show content from private sources like Gmail account and Google Photos library. "Similar to the Images, News and Maps tabs, the Personal tab narrows down search query and shows results from your Google accounts instead," technology website theverge.com reported. The "Personal" tab can be found behind the "More" menu and will surface results like Gmail messages and calendar events from users signed-in accounts. For photo searches, users can either immediately open an image result or click through to do a deeper search in Google Photos. In March, Google introduced shortcuts on the Google Search app for Android, iOS and Google.com on the mobile web that gives users the ability to explore deeper within topics they care about. With shortcuts right on the home screen, users now have access to in-depth experiences across sports, eat and drink, entertainment and weather sections. Android users will find other useful shortcuts too like translate, nearby attractions, flights, hotels, internet speed test, currency converter and more. --IANS anuj/py/bg (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) IANS Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 MORE ON MARKETS: Quick Links Stock Market Live Portfolio Commodity Market Upcoming IPO Personal Finance Stock Market News Derivatives Mutual Funds Gold Price Sensex Browse STOCK Companies A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Browse Mutual Funds A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Index Stocks ACC Adani Ports Ambuja Cem. Asian Paints Aurobindo Pharma Axis Bank B P C L Bajaj Auto Bank of Baroda Bharti Airtel Bharti Infra. Bosch Cipla Coal India Dr Reddy's Labs Eicher Motors GAIL (India) Grasim Inds H D F C HCL Technologies HDFC Bank Hero Motocorp Hind. Unilever Hindalco Inds. ICICI Bank Indiabulls Housing Finance Indian Oil Corporation Ltd. IndusInd Bank Infosys ITC Kotak Mah. Bank Larsen & Toubro Lupin M & M Maruri Suzuki NTPC O N G C Power Grid Corpn Reliance Inds. St Bk of India Sun Pharma. Inds. Tata Motors Tata Motors-DVR Tata Power Co. Tata Steel TCS Tech Mahindra UltraTech Cement Ltd Wipro Yes Bank Zee Entertainment Copyrights © 2017 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved. From BS Website Home Companies Markets Opinion Politics Technology Specials Personal Finance Budget Latest News Today's Paper RBI Policy General News General Videos General Photo Gallery Events Authors About us About Us Code of Conduct Terms & Conditions Cookie Policy Disclaimer Investor Communication Support & Contact Partner with Us Careers Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback Browser Support Sitemap Subscribe E-Paper BS Magazines Portfolio Tracker BS Products Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books B2B Connect iPhone iPad android wap BS Fund Cafe 2016 Budget Insight Out Budget 2017 Budget 2017 Budget News Budget Connect with BS Facebook Google+ Linkedin Twitter Youtube RSS Upgrade To Premium Services Welcome User Business Standard is happy to inform you of the launch of "Business Standard Premium Services" As a premium subscriber you get an across device unfettered access to a range of services which include: Access Exclusive content - articles, features & opinion pieces Weekly Industry/Genre specific newsletters - Choose multiple industries/genres Access to 17 plus years of content archives Set Stock price alerts for your portfolio and watch list and get them delivered to your e-mail box End of day news alerts on 5 companies (via email) NEW: Get seamless access to WSJ.com at a great price. No additional sign-up required.   Premium Services In Partnership with   Dear Guest,   Welcome to the premium services of Business Standard brought to you courtesy FIS. Kindly visit the Manage my subscription page to discover the benefits of this programme. Enjoy Reading! Team Business Standard  
Toggle navigation Toggle navigation Home Samachar News Finance SPORTS Movies Bawarchi Astrology Videos Gold rates DUBAI GOLD RATES RUPEE Jobs Health Antzill Techtalk Web Sify Search Sify.com News Others Google adds 'Personal' tab in search results Google adds 'Personal' tab in search results Source : Last Updated: Sat, May 27, 2017 16:00 hrs New York, May 27 (IANS) Aiming to help people find what they are looking for, Google has added a "Personal" tab in search results to show content from private sources like Gmail account and Google Photos library. "Similar to the Images, News and Maps tabs, the Personal tab narrows down search query and shows results from your Google accounts instead," technology website theverge.com reported. The "Personal" tab can be found behind the "More" menu and will surface results like Gmail messages and calendar events from users signed-in accounts. For photo searches, users can either immediately open an image result or click through to do a deeper search in Google Photos. In March, Google introduced shortcuts on the Google Search app for Android, iOS and Google.com on the mobile web that gives users the ability to explore deeper within topics they care about. With shortcuts right on the home screen, users now have access to in-depth experiences across sports, eat and drink, entertainment and weather sections. Android users will find other useful shortcuts too like translate, nearby attractions, flights, hotels, internet speed test, currency converter and more. --IANS anuj/py/bg SEARCH More from Sify: talking point on sify news Latest Features Modi-fying bilateral relations: PM's four-nation Europe tour 'Mor' about law! Safety belt for doctors Trump weakened European Union, says Germany All is not okay in Ayodhya! About Us Data Center Cloud Computing Servers Cloud Applications Hosting MPLS VPN Network Services Disclaimer Privacy Policy Careers Feedback Advertise Digital © Copyright Sify Technologies Ltd, 1998-2017. All rights reserved
Join IEEE | IEEE.org | IEEE Xplore Digital Library | IEEE Standards | IEEE Spectrum | More Sites Follow on: Advertisement × Welcome! Please log in or register to continue Login Forgot Password? Do not have an account? Create an account × Create Account Given/First name: Last/Family/Surname: Register Engineering Topics  Special Reports  Blogs  Multimedia  The Magazine  Professional Resources  Search  Automaton Robotics Robot Sensors & Actuators Video Friday: DJI Spark Drone, Google Tango, and 18-DOF Hexapod Robot By Evan Ackerman and Erico Guizzo Posted 26 May 2017 | 17:50 GMT Photo: DJI DJI's Spark drone can be launched by hand. Video Friday is your weekly selection of awesome robotics videos, collected by your Automaton bloggers. We’ll also be posting a weekly calendar of upcoming robotics events for the next two months; here’s what we have so far (send us your events!): IEEE ICRA – May 29-3, 2017 – Singapore University Rover Challenge – June 1-13, 2017 – Hanksville, Utah, USA IEEE World Haptics – June 6-9, 2017 – Munich, Germany NASA SRC Virtual Competition – June 12-16, 2017 – Online ICCV 2017 – June 13-16, 2017 – Venice, Italy RoboBoat 2017 – June 20-20, 2017 – Daytona Beach, Fl., USA Aerial Robotics International Research Symposium – June 21-22, 2017 – Toronto, Canada Hamlyn Symposium on Medical Robotics – June 25-28, 2017 – London, England Autonomous Systems World – June 26-27, 2017 – Berlin, Germany RoboUniverse Seoul – June 28-30, 2017 – Seoul, Korea RobotCraft 2017 – July 3-3, 2017 – Coimbra, Portugal ICAR 2017 – July 10-12, 2017 – Hong Kong RSS 2017 – July 12-16, 2017 – Cambridge, Mass., USA MARSS – July 17-21, 2017 – Montreal, Canada Summer School on Soft Manipulation – July 17-21, 2017 – Lake Chiemsee, Germany Living Machines Conference – July 25-28, 2017 – Stanford, Calif., USA Let us know if you have suggestions for next week, and enjoy today’s videos. With its sensing, mapping, and localization capabilities, the Google Tango platform has a lot of promise for robotics. Here’s an update on some of what Google has been working on with it: And here’s the talk that Johnny Lee from the Tango project gave at Google I/O earlier this month. [ Google Tango ] Flyability’s Elios drone has the ability to fly almost anywhere thanks to the clever design of its roll cage. It’s already been deep down inside glaciers, so the next logical place to send it is a cave: Flyability took part in the scientific expedition (ref article from ESA) organized by the La Venta Association and Commissione Grotte Eugenio Boegan, together with the European Space Agency and astronaut Luca Parmitano, in the La Cucchiara caves near Sciacca, Sicily. Part of ESA’s Cooperative Adventure for Valuing and Exercising human behavior and performance Skills course (CAVES-X1), this expedition was primarily meant to train astronauts in an environment replicating extraterrestrial conditions. It has also been the opportunity to deploy Elios in extreme conditions by performing the exploration of an underground abyss. The known part of the cave consists of a gallery that ends in a 100 m deep abyss. This is as far as humans could go in the exploration and that’s where the collision-tolerant drone was used to continue the journey. With an ambient temperature of 37°C, 100% of humidity and continuous rain from condensation, the Flyability team joining the expedition operated the drone to find potential unexplored paths. Using Elios’ thermal camera to detect hidden hot air sources, the team could very quickly and clearly identify openings of various size. [ Flyability ] via [ ESA ] Thanks Adrien! You should probably not try this with your robot: [ Denso Robotics ] Evezor is a SCARA-type robot arm designed to be able to automate tasks using any tool you decide to strap to it: It’s a compelling vision, certainly, but the early bird price is over $3,000, and the project is looking for $250k. If you know this is for you, you’ll probably jump on it, but it’s a big investment for most makers. [ Evezor ] via [ BBG ] One of the desires with robotic systems is to devise easier ways to setup and program the robots. One potential approach to setup is known as “Programming by Demonstration” in which a human trainer demonstrates the task to the robot, and from that demonstration the robot learns the task which can be performed. During her summer internship at Fetch Robotics, Sarah Elliott worked on a web-based programming by demonstration system for the Fetch. [ Fetch Robotics ] Drone behemoth DJI continues to outdo itself with the launch of Spark, a very compact camera drone with a range of autonomous capabilities, including obstacle sensing, hand-gesture recognition, and pre-programmed flight behaviors like following and circling: One of the most impressive things is that you get all this for just $500. [ DJI ] Introducing Daisy, an 18-DOF hexapod walking robot built from X-Series modular actuators. This robot is now on display the the Chicago Museum of Science and Industry as part of their Robot Revolution exhibit. [ Hebi Robotics ] via [ CMU RI ] I’m not sure that I need my toy racecars to make snarky comments (I do just fine on my own, thank you very much), but the amount of sensing and actuation in Sphero’s latest toy is impressive: The car will run at up to 10 km/h, make it 40 minutes on a charge, and there are all kinds of moves and sounds that you can control with an app. But along with all of that intelligence and sensing and actuation comes a price to match: the toy is now on sale for $300. [ Sphero ] Security robots certainly have value, but the bad guys can probably outrun most of them. That’s not a problem for the O-R3, a security ground robot that can deploy an untethered drone to pursue a suspect: [ Otsaw ] via [ Engadget ] Sweep, the alarmingly affordable high quality lidar sensor from Scanse, is now available with an add-on kit that lets you take 3D scans of very large areas: The kit is $350, and the lidar itself isn’t included. But you have one on pre-order already anyway, right? [ Scanse ] Thanks Tyson! Lockheed Martin successfully launched Vector Hawk, a small, unmanned aerial vehicle (UAV), on command from the Marlin MK2 autonomous underwater vehicle (AUV) during a cross-domain command and control event hosted by the U.S. Navy. In addition to Marlin and Vector Hawk, the Submaran, an unmanned surface vehicle (USV) developed by Ocean Aero, provided surface reconnaissance and surveillance. During the Annual Navy Technology Exercise (ANTX) activities in August, the Submaran relayed instructions to Marlin from a ground control station via underwater acoustic communications. Following these instructions, the Marlin launched the Vector Hawk using a specially-designed canister from the surface of the Narragansett Bay. Following launch, Vector Hawk successfully assumed a mission flight track. All three autonomous vehicles—Marlin, Submaran and Vector Hawk—communicated operational status to the ground control station to maintain situational awareness and provide a means to command and control all assets. The four-pound Vector Hawk can fly for 70-plus minutes, at line-of-sight ranges up to 15 kilometers. Operators can recover and re-launch the Vector Hawk in a matter of minutes (including changing the system’s battery). Vector Hawk is built on an open architecture to enable rapid technology insertion and payload integration. Marlin MK2 is a battery powered, fully autonomous underwater vehicle that is 10 feet long with a 250 pound payload capacity, 18-24 hour endurance, depth rating of 1000 feet and weighs approximately 2,000 pounds. [ Lockheed Martin ] Scientists at Scuola Sant’Anna in Italy and EPFL (Ecole polytechnique fédérale de Lausanne) in Switzerland have built a prototype of a smart, light-weight and easy-to-personalize exoskeleton that counteracts the loss of balance and promotes balance recovery after an accidental slip. This is a first in wearable machines, which are normally used to assist or enhance regular movement, instead of preventing an unexpected event like falling. [ EPFL ] The EduExo is a robotic exoskeleton kit that you assemble and program yourself. It contains the hardware that you need to build an elbow exoskeleton. An accompanying handbook contains a tutorial that will guide you through the different assembly steps. In addition, the handbook provides background information on exoskeleton history, functionality and technology. In the end, you will have a good understanding about exoskeleton technology and its application, together with hands-on experience building and programming your own robotic exoskeleton. The Kickstarter is already funded, but you can pledge $180 towards a kit, or $250 if you want a kit that includes muscle control. [ EduExo ] The Acorn team has deployed a Sawyer collaborative robot operating a band saw, where the robot transfers, aligns and cuts pieces of wood to be used as mounts for rubber stamps. Sawyer cuts, drills and inserts the wooden handles for the stamp mounts, effectively automating a complicated, multi-step process. [ Rethink Robotics ] The Office of Naval Research (ONR) TechSolutions-sponsored Mine Warfare Rapid Assessment Capability (mRAC) is a man-portable threat detection and localization system that utilizes an ultra-sensitive magnetometer sensor package installed onboard a small quadrotor platform. [ ONR ] Elad Inbar CEO & Founder of RobotLAB Inc talking with the Learning Counsel about STEM, robotics and the ways in which schools can use technology to reimagine classroom learning. [ RobotLAB ] Learn More video friday robot videos Comments Comment Policy Please enable JavaScript to view the <a href="http://disqus.com/?ref_noscript">comments powered by Disqus.</a> Comments powered by Disqus Advertisement Automaton IEEE Spectrum’s award-winning robotics blog, featuring news, articles, and videos on robots, humanoids, drones, automation, artificial intelligence, and more. Contact us:  e.guizzo@ieee.org Subscribe to RSS Feed Follow @AutomatonBlog   Editor Erico Guizzo New York City Senior Writer Evan Ackerman Washington, D.C.   Newsletter Sign Up Sign up for the Automaton newsletter and get biweekly updates about robotics, automation, and AI, all delivered directly to your inbox. Sign Up     Robotics This Quadrotor Uses Google's Project Tango to Fly Autonomously Just put this phone on your drone and it will fly itself 22 May 2014   Robotics What 17 Prominent Roboticists Think Google Should Do With Its Robots If you had all the amazing robots Google has, what would you do? Here’s what some leading roboticists say 23 Mar 2016   Robotics DJI Phantom 3 Drone Gets Control Upgrades, Powerful Cameras The world's most popular camera drone, dji phantom 3, is now even easier to fly 13 Apr 2015 Advertisement   Robotics Google Wants Robots to Acquire New Skills by Learning From Each Other Google is combining cloud robotics and deep neural networks to accelerate robot learning 5 Oct 2016   Robotics Video Friday: Robot Dance Teacher, Transformer Drone, and Pneumatic Reel Actuator The best robot videos of the week, ICRA edition 2 Jun   Robotics Draper's Genetically Modified Cyborg DragonflEye Takes Flight A live dragonfly with a cybernetic backpack and optical implants is now airborne 1 Jun   Robotics All the Latest, Most Exciting Robotics Research From ICRA 2017 We're at the IEEE International Conference on Robotics and Automation 2017 in Singapore 29 May   Robotics 3D-Printed Pneumatic Quadruped Robot Adapts to Rough Terrain This little legged robot may one day walk straight out of a 3D printer 24 May   Robotics Parasitic Robot Steers Live Turtle With Tasty Snacks Robot mounted on a turtle uses snacks and LEDs to control the animal's movements, and a fully immersive Matrix for turtles is not far behind 23 May   Robotics Video Friday: Animatronic King Kong, Robot Pilot, and Giant Eyeball Drone Your weekly selection of awesome robot videos 19 May   Robotics Video Friday: Running Robot, Dog vs. Roomba, and BionicCobot Your weekly selection of awesome robot videos 5 May   Robotics Hands-on With TurtleBot 3, a Powerful Little Robot for Learning ROS We take an in-depth look at the new TurtleBot 3 Burger and Waffle from Robotis 2 May   Robotics Video Friday: Friendly Cobot, Drone Swarms, and Robotic Recycling Your weekly selection of awesome robot videos 28 Apr   Transportation Waymo vs. Uber: 8 Things I Learned From Anthony Levandowski Taking the Fifth The questions he was asked spoke volumes about Uber’s suppliers, the secret Spider lidar, Google’s early suspicions, and more 26 Apr   Robotics Cellulo Introduces Classrooms to Tangible Learning With Robots Kid-proof robots are small, cheap, and help turn abstract concepts into interactive lessons 25 Apr   Robotics Video Friday: RoboCup, Drone Magic, and NotBot Is Pedro Your weekly selection of awesome robot videos 21 Apr     Robotics Robot Ray Swims Using High-Voltage Artificial Muscles This transparent, soft robot fish propels itself by flapping fins made of dielectric elastomers 16 Apr   Robotics Video Friday: Volleyball Robots, Bioinspired Design, and Deep Robotic Learning Your weekly selection of awesome robot videos 14 Apr   Robotics Electric and Magnetic Fields Drive Soft, Flexible Robots Two new prototypes tackle the challenge of making soft robots that can move 11 Apr   Robotics Video Friday: Pepper's Fish Mode, Deep Learning in the Warehouse, and Stealing From a Delivery Robot Your weekly selection of awesome robot videos 7 Apr Topics Aerospace At Work Biomedical Computing Energy Gadgets Geek Life Green Tech Robotics Semiconductors Telecom Transportation Connect Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google+ RSS IEEE Spectrum Contact Us About Newsletters Reprints & Permissions IEEE Partners Advertising & Media Center IEEE Job Site Buyer’s Guide The Magazine Subscribe Now Digital Download © Copyright 2017 IEEE Spectrum Terms & Conditions | Privacy & Opting Out of Cookies | Accessibility | Nondiscrimination Policy Join IEEE About IEEE Conferences & Events Education & Careers Membership & Services Publications and Standards Societies & Communities © Copyright 2017 IEEE — All rights reserved. Use of this Web site signifies your agreement to the IEEE Terms and Conditions. A not-for-profit organization, IEEE is the world's largest technical professional organization dedicated to advancing technology for the benefit of humanity.
Toggle navigation Toggle navigation Home Samachar News Finance SPORTS Movies Bawarchi Astrology Videos Gold rates DUBAI GOLD RATES RUPEE Jobs Health Antzill Techtalk Web Sify Search Sify.com News Others Google refuses to share salary data with US government Google refuses to share salary data with US government Source : Last Updated: Sat, May 27, 2017 15:20 hrs San Francisco, May 27 (IANS) Google has refused to share salary information requested by the US Labour Department, saying that it would cost too much to retrieve the data. According to a report in ReCode on Friday, the US Labour Department has sued Google for salary records, arguing it is legally entitled to on grounds that Google is a government contractor. Google has been accused of "systemic compensation disparities against women pretty much across the entire workforce." The search engine giant argued in a US court that it would take 500 hours and $100,000 to fulfil the Labour Department's request. According to Google, the requests from the Office of Federal Contract Compliance Programs (OFCCP), a section of the Labour Department, were "overbroad in scope or reveal confidential data." "We've worked hard to comply with the OFCCP's current audit and have provided hundreds of thousands of records over the last year, including those related to compensation," the report quoted a Google spokesperson as saying. "However, the handful of OFCCP requests that are the subject of the complaint are overbroad in scope, or reveal confidential data, and we've made this clear to the OFCCP, to no avail." The spokesperson added that these requests include thousands of employees' private contract information which they safeguard rigorously. Refuting the claims of the Labour Department, Google claimed that its own analysis of its data showed no gender pay gap, and that its pay model prevented such discrimination. However, not all former employees agreed on this. --IANS qd/ruwa/bg SEARCH More from Sify: talking point on sify news Latest Features Modi-fying bilateral relations: PM's four-nation Europe tour 'Mor' about law! Safety belt for doctors Trump weakened European Union, says Germany All is not okay in Ayodhya! About Us Data Center Cloud Computing Servers Cloud Applications Hosting MPLS VPN Network Services Disclaimer Privacy Policy Careers Feedback Advertise Digital © Copyright Sify Technologies Ltd, 1998-2017. All rights reserved
Home Markets Companies Opinion Politics Technology Specials PF Portfolio My Page GST Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Editorial Comment Columnists BS Special Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll North East West South Election News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups B2B Connect Sponsored Content BS Special News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists BS Special Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups B2B Connect Sponsored Content BS Special PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists BS Special Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups B2B Connect Sponsored Content BS Special PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists BS Special Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups B2B Connect Sponsored Content BS Special PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST BS APPS iPad iPhone Android Wap BS PRODUCTS Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books Today's Paper BS SPECIALS B2B Connect Power & Energy SME BS E-Paper Bs Learning Hi, Change Password Subscribe Sign out Change Password Manage My Account Sign out SIGN IN Subscribe               TRENDING ON BS #Markets #Demonetisation #BSTech #GST #BSSpecial News Stock Quote Authors  News    Stock Quote    Authors You are here: Home » News-IANS » Immigration-Law-Rights Wawrinka to meet Mischa Zverev in Geneva final Business Standard Google refuses to share salary data with US government IANS  |  San Francisco  May 27, 2017 Last Updated at 15:10 IST email this article Message: Recipients' Email: Type address separated by commas Your Email: Enter the characters shown in the image. Send me a copy:   http://mybs.in/2UVod4H ALSO READ Government indifferent as protest is non-violent: Bodo groups Government working for welfare of farmers: Javadekar Varun Gandhi questions own government's accomplishments Government's public debt rises 3% in Q2 Government faces flak over new army chief, defends decision (Roundup) Google has refused to share salary information requested by the US Labour Department, saying that it would cost too much to retrieve the data. According to a report in ReCode on Friday, the US Labour Department has sued Google for salary records, arguing it is legally entitled to on grounds that Google is a government contractor. Google has been accused of "systemic compensation disparities against women pretty much across the entire workforce." The search engine giant argued in a US court that it would take 500 hours and $100,000 to fulfil the Labour Department's request. According to Google, the requests from the Office of Federal Contract Compliance Programs (OFCCP), a section of the Labour Department, were "overbroad in scope or reveal confidential data." "We've worked hard to comply with the OFCCP's current audit and have provided hundreds of thousands of records over the last year, including those related to compensation," the report quoted a Google spokesperson as saying. "However, the handful of OFCCP requests that are the subject of the complaint are overbroad in scope, or reveal confidential data, and we've made this clear to the OFCCP, to no avail." The spokesperson added that these requests include thousands of employees' private contract information which they safeguard rigorously. Refuting the claims of the Labour Department, Google claimed that its own analysis of its data showed no gender pay gap, and that its pay model prevented such discrimination. However, not all former employees agreed on this. --IANS qd/ruwa/bg (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Read More On Government | News-ians | Immigration-law-rights PREVIOUS STORY NEXT STORY RECOMMENDED FOR YOU Advertisements Cover from Natural Calamities. Buy Home Insurance Cover from Earthquake & Floods. Buy Home Insurance Google refuses to share salary data with US government Google has refused to share salary information requested by the US Labour Department, saying that it would cost too much to retrieve the data. Google has refused to share salary information requested by the US Labour Department, saying that it would cost too much to retrieve the data. According to a report in ReCode on Friday, the US Labour Department has sued Google for salary records, arguing it is legally entitled to on grounds that Google is a government contractor. Google has been accused of "systemic compensation disparities against women pretty much across the entire workforce." The search engine giant argued in a US court that it would take 500 hours and $100,000 to fulfil the Labour Department's request. According to Google, the requests from the Office of Federal Contract Compliance Programs (OFCCP), a section of the Labour Department, were "overbroad in scope or reveal confidential data." "We've worked hard to comply with the OFCCP's current audit and have provided hundreds of thousands of records over the last year, including those related to compensation," the report quoted a Google spokesperson as saying. "However, the handful of OFCCP requests that are the subject of the complaint are overbroad in scope, or reveal confidential data, and we've made this clear to the OFCCP, to no avail." The spokesperson added that these requests include thousands of employees' private contract information which they safeguard rigorously. Refuting the claims of the Labour Department, Google claimed that its own analysis of its data showed no gender pay gap, and that its pay model prevented such discrimination. However, not all former employees agreed on this. --IANS qd/ruwa/bg (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) IANS Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 Google refuses to share salary data with US government Google has refused to share salary information requested by the US Labour Department, saying that it would cost too much to retrieve the data. According to a report in ReCode on Friday, the US Labour Department has sued Google for salary records, arguing it is legally entitled to on grounds that Google is a government contractor. Google has been accused of "systemic compensation disparities against women pretty much across the entire workforce." The search engine giant argued in a US court that it would take 500 hours and $100,000 to fulfil the Labour Department's request. According to Google, the requests from the Office of Federal Contract Compliance Programs (OFCCP), a section of the Labour Department, were "overbroad in scope or reveal confidential data." "We've worked hard to comply with the OFCCP's current audit and have provided hundreds of thousands of records over the last year, including those related to compensation," the report quoted a Google spokesperson as saying. "However, the handful of OFCCP requests that are the subject of the complaint are overbroad in scope, or reveal confidential data, and we've made this clear to the OFCCP, to no avail." The spokesperson added that these requests include thousands of employees' private contract information which they safeguard rigorously. Refuting the claims of the Labour Department, Google claimed that its own analysis of its data showed no gender pay gap, and that its pay model prevented such discrimination. However, not all former employees agreed on this. --IANS qd/ruwa/bg (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) IANS Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 MORE ON MARKETS: Quick Links Stock Market Live Portfolio Commodity Market Upcoming IPO Personal Finance Stock Market News Derivatives Mutual Funds Gold Price Sensex Browse STOCK Companies A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Browse Mutual Funds A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Index Stocks ACC Adani Ports Ambuja Cem. Asian Paints Aurobindo Pharma Axis Bank B P C L Bajaj Auto Bank of Baroda Bharti Airtel Bharti Infra. Bosch Cipla Coal India Dr Reddy's Labs Eicher Motors GAIL (India) Grasim Inds H D F C HCL Technologies HDFC Bank Hero Motocorp Hind. Unilever Hindalco Inds. ICICI Bank Indiabulls Housing Finance Indian Oil Corporation Ltd. IndusInd Bank Infosys ITC Kotak Mah. Bank Larsen & Toubro Lupin M & M Maruri Suzuki NTPC O N G C Power Grid Corpn Reliance Inds. St Bk of India Sun Pharma. Inds. Tata Motors Tata Motors-DVR Tata Power Co. Tata Steel TCS Tech Mahindra UltraTech Cement Ltd Wipro Yes Bank Zee Entertainment Copyrights © 2017 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved. From BS Website Home Companies Markets Opinion Politics Technology Specials Personal Finance Budget Latest News Today's Paper RBI Policy General News General Videos General Photo Gallery Events Authors About us About Us Code of Conduct Terms & Conditions Cookie Policy Disclaimer Investor Communication Support & Contact Partner with Us Careers Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback Browser Support Sitemap Subscribe E-Paper BS Magazines Portfolio Tracker BS Products Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books B2B Connect iPhone iPad android wap BS Fund Cafe 2016 Budget Insight Out Budget 2017 Budget 2017 Budget News Budget Connect with BS Facebook Google+ Linkedin Twitter Youtube RSS Upgrade To Premium Services Welcome User Business Standard is happy to inform you of the launch of "Business Standard Premium Services" As a premium subscriber you get an across device unfettered access to a range of services which include: Access Exclusive content - articles, features & opinion pieces Weekly Industry/Genre specific newsletters - Choose multiple industries/genres Access to 17 plus years of content archives Set Stock price alerts for your portfolio and watch list and get them delivered to your e-mail box End of day news alerts on 5 companies (via email) NEW: Get seamless access to WSJ.com at a great price. No additional sign-up required.   Premium Services In Partnership with   Dear Guest,   Welcome to the premium services of Business Standard brought to you courtesy FIS. Kindly visit the Manage my subscription page to discover the benefits of this programme. Enjoy Reading! Team Business Standard  
Advertisement Home News Mobile PC & Tablet Operator Apps Gaming TV & Audio Accessories Home appliance Camera Digital Compare Mobile PC & Tablet Reviews Mobile PC & Tablet Apps TV & Audio Home appliance Camera Accessories Gaming First Cut Gallery Mobile PC & Tablet TV & Audio Home appliance Camera Accessories Videos Mobile PC & Tablet TV & Audio Home appliance Camera Accessories App Web Gaming Product finder Mobiles Tablets Laptop Camera Tv Refrigetator forum Recharge Top 5 Mobile Pc & Tablet TV & Audio Home appliance Camera How To Mobile PC & Tablet TV & Audio Home appliance Camera App हिन्दी Home » News » Applications » Google Opinion Rewards now available in India: Here’s what you need to know Google Opinion Rewards now available in India: Here’s what you need to know By: Rohan Pal, The Mobile Indian, New Delhi Last updated : Wednesday, May 24, 2017 - 14:01 The app is created by Google Surveys team and allows users to answer quick surveys. Google has finally introduced the Google Opinion Rewards app for the Indian market. The app is created by Google Surveys team and allows users to answer quick surveys. The app is now available in India, Singapore and Turkey. The app is available for download from Google Play Store.    The app asks for few surveys, and in turn, users get Google Play credit. The credit can then be used to buy applications or games from Google Play Store. The app is ideal for those who want to buy their favourite games but don’t want to spend real money.      The working of the application is pretty simple. Once you download the app, you need to answer some basic questions about your name, age group, gender and so on. Google will send you surveys around once a week, although it may be more or less frequent. The moment a new survey arrives, you will get a notification on your phone and can receive up to $1.00 ( approx. Rs 64) in Play credit for completing it.   Google is working hard to make the Google Play Store much safer as well. The company, during its annual developer conference, announced a new programme known as Google Play Protect, which safeguard users from malicious and dangerous apps. Play Protect will be built into every device with Google Play and automatically takes action to keep users’ data and device safe. Google says that it scans more than 50 billion apps every day, and the new feature will detect and remove apps that might be harmful. Google Google Opinion Rewards app Google Opinion Rewards Google quick surveys Google Play Store Google Play credits Google app Android First Published : Wednesday, May 24, 2017 - 14:00 Advertisement Similar News Google Assistant is now on iOS: Here’s what it can do and what it can’t Google I/O 2017: Top 5 things Google will launch soon Google I/O 2017: Everything you need to know about Android O Google to introduce a new standalone VR headset at I/O 2017: Report Google Pixel 2 codenamed ‘Taimen’ spotted on Geekbench with 4GB of RAM Google's Fuchsia OS might take on Android and ChromeOS Advertisement Hot Trend on TMI Judy Malware infected as many as 36.5 million Android users: Here’s what you need to know Instagram’s new update brings a bevy of new features nexGTv app made available on Fire TV Top 5 free Android Apps for Photo-Editing Facebook introduces ‘Live Chat With Friends’ and ‘Live With’ features Zomato security breach ends up with 17 million stolen user records Advertisement Advertisement Product Finder Advertisement FOLLOW US ON Facebook Twitter Google Plus Youtube How To on TMI How to find your lost smartphone in India How to enable YouTube's built-in Dark Mode How to use your Android smartphone camera as webcam How to bring back the old WhatsApp Messenger: Step-by-Step Guide How to enable Google Assistant on your Android smartphone Latest on TMI 01 Moto Z2 Play confirmed to launch in India soon 02 Sony Xperia XZ Premium or Samsung Galaxy S8? The catch to match. 03 Exclusive: Yu Yureka Black to get Android 7.1.2 Nougat update immediately after its availability 04 Nokia 6, Nokia 5 and Nokia 3 expected to launch in India on June 13 05 OnePlus 5 latest leaks reveal dual-camera setup and 3300mAh battery The Mobile Indian Latest Mobiles Sony Xperia XZ Premium Rs.59990 Yu Yureka Black Rs.8999 Samsung Galaxy S8+ 6GB Rs.74990 Panasonic Eluga I3 Mega Rs.11490 Samsung Galaxy J7 Prime 32GB Rs.16990 Samsung Galaxy J5 Prime 32GB Rs.14900 Advertisement   Know Us About Us Advertise Contact Us Privacy Policy Articles News Reviews How To Top 5 Device Finder Mobiles Tablets Laptop Camera TV Refrigetator CONTACT US Contact Us Copyright © 2017 the mobile indian.
Close Skip to main content The Guardian - Back to home Become a Supporter news opinion sport arts life Menu news headlines US news world news science US politics business environment money tech obituaries opinion opinion home the guardian view columnists cartoons opinion videos Jill Abramson Jessica Valenti Steven W Thrasher Trevor Timm Rebecca Carroll Chelsea E Manning sport sport home soccer NFL tennis MLB MLS NBA NHL arts culture home film books music art & design tv & radio stage classical games life lifestyle home fashion food recipes love & sex home & garden health & fitness women family travel money What term do you want to search? become a supporter subscribe Sign in/up my account Comment activity Edit profile Email preferences Change password Sign out US edition switch to the UK edition switch to the Australia edition switch to the International edition jobs the guardian app podcasts video pictures newsletters crosswords Facebook Twitter australia sport soccer NFL tennis MLB MLS more sign in Comment activity Edit profile Email preferences Change password Sign out become a supporter subscribe search jobs US edition switch to the UK edition switch to the Australia edition switch to the International edition The Guardian - Back to home home › sports soccer MLS NFL MLB NBA NHL home US politics world opinion sports selected soccer tech arts lifestyle fashion business travel environment browse all sections close Australia sport Australia sportwatch Tigers win Dreamtime clash; Lightning beat Giants and more: Australia sportwatch – as it happened AFL: Tigers beat Bombers | Super Netball: Lightning beat Giants The rest of Saturday’s results in AFL, NRL, Super Rugby and Super Netball Updated The Richmond Tigers line up for their Dreamtime at the ‘G clash with the Essendon Bombers. Photograph: Michael Dodge/Getty Images Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email View more sharing options Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Close Kate O'Halloran @Kate_ohalloran Saturday 27 May 2017 09.05 EDT First published on Saturday 27 May 2017 02.00 EDT Key events Show 9.00am EDT 09:00 The day in summary 9.05am EDT 09:05 Saturday's results in full 8.23am EDT 08:23 AFL: Adelaide beat Fremantle 20.23 (143) to 6.7 (43) 8.16am EDT 08:16 Super Rugby: Crusaders beat Rebels 41-19 8.01am EDT 08:01 AFL: Richmond beat Essendon 11.15 (81) to 10.6 (66) 7.25am EDT 07:25 NRL: Cronulla Sharks beat Canterbury Bulldogs 9-8 6.49am EDT 06:49 Super Netball: Sunshine Coast Lightning beat Giants 56-55 Live feed Show 9.05am EDT 09:05 Saturday's results in full AFL: Demons beat Suns; Bulldogs beat Saints; Crows beat Dockers; Tigers beat Bombers Super Netball: Lightning beat Giants; Firebirds beat Swifts NRL: Sharks beat Bulldogs; Warriors beat Broncos Super Rugby: Highlanders beat Waratahs; Crusaders beat Rebels Updated at 9.11am EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 9.00am EDT 09:00 The day in summary OK I’ll start wrapping up proceedings after a huge day of sport with our usual themes. AFL: Dreamtime at the ‘G was a highlight in its 21st instalment, with over 85,000 packing the MCG for Sir Doug Nicholls’ Indigenous round. The Tigers came out on top in what was a pulsating encounter between these two powerhouse teams. Earlier in the day, the Dees easily accounted for a disappointing Suns after the Suns started brightly in Alice Springs, while the Dogs got back on track with a comfortable win over the Saints. The night ended with a total boilover in Adelaide, with the Crows thumping the Dockers by 100 points. Super Netball: The biggest game of the day lived up to expectation, with the Lightning and Giants playing out a thriller which the Lightning won by the smallest of possible margins. It was a crucial win, which puts the Lightning in the major semi-final against the Vixens, who breezed past the West Coast Fever in the last game of the night, 68-42. Earlier, the Firebirds ended their season on a high with a win over the Swifts. Neither team, however, will play finals this year. Super Rugby: The Rebels were again disappointing, with their loss to the Crusaders compounded by their Wallaby backrower Sean McMahon appearing to break his arm. It’s now 20 matches - including this entire Super Rugby campaign - since an Australian team has beaten a team from New Zealand, heaping more misery on Australian Rugby Union. The Waratahs also lost to the Highlanders, leaving the ‘Tahs second in the Australian conference behind the Brumbies. NRL: The Sharks overran the Bulldogs in the dying minutes, while the Warriors beat a depleted Broncos earlier in the day. Shaun Johnson starred for his side, with two first-half assists and one try to go along with his four conversions. Play of the day: I liked Shai Bolton’s game-saving tackle in the dying minutes of the Dreamtime clash against the Dons. Pressure acts are chronically underrated and this one turned the match. AFL (@AFL) Here's why Tiger fans are enamored with Shai Bolton. #AFLTigersDons pic.twitter.com/wI5bpmm5lV May 27, 2017 Today’s big winners/losers: Hard to go past the Dockers as the big losers of the day. Embarrassing for Ross Lyon who usually prides himself on fielding competitive teams, win or lose. This is clearly tongue in cheek, but David Myers gets a mention for tackling his own team-mate: Andrew McCormack (@_AMcCormack) So...David Myers just tackled his own team mate #AFLTigersDons pic.twitter.com/Gt4HbNjw1s May 27, 2017 The biggest winners were likely the Lightning, with so much on the line in their clash with the Giants. Comeback of the day: Surely the late win by the Sharks over the Bulldogs. As he did for most of the game, Paul Gallen inspired with a 25-metre run in the lead-up to Chad Townsend’s 78th-minute field goal that broke the 8-8 deadlock. rugbyleaguehub.com (@leaguehubcom) #NRLcrocby The run from PaulGallen13. The extra point from chadtownsend10!#NRLSharksBulldogs#NRL pic.twitter.com/jbCbF0jBXX from NRL May 27, 2017 If today were a song: This is not in the usual spirit of this category, but today I kept thinking of Treaty, by Youth Yindi. Hard to believe the song was written in 1991, after Bob Hawke had - in 1988 - promised a treaty by 1990. This week, 27 years later, Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander leaders again called for a treaty, as well as the constitutional enshrinement of Indigenous voices in parliament. The call for treaty was made in explicit comparison to the more ‘mainstream’ desire for constitutional recognition that has been featured in the AFL’s Indigenous Round (with players’ jumpers carrying the ‘Recognise’ symbol). As Calla Wahlquist writes, “the statement said that the high rates of incarceration, youth detention and child removal showed the need for a significant practical change, not a symbolic reform”. Thanks very much to everyone who joined me here on the liveblog tonight, in comments below and on Twitter- I really enjoyed your input. Looking forward to seeing you back here next time, and do join Paul Connolly at midday tomorrow for Sunday’s Australia sportwatch. Updated at 9.14am EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 8.23am EDT 08:23 AFL: Adelaide beat Fremantle 20.23 (143) to 6.7 (43) Absolute thumping by the Crows over the Dockers in Adelaide. Ross Lyon has never coached a side that has lost by 100 points or more - until now. The Crouch brothers set the win up for the Crows, as did Rory Sloane. Eddie Betts was at his scintillating best, kicking three goals while Andy Otten bagged four. Ross Lyon looked to have some stern words with his players after the siren. As in the Dreamtime game, most players swapped guernseys with their opponents after the siren. Eddie Betts kicked three goals as the Crows condemned the Dockers to a three-figure loss. Photograph: David Mariuz/AAP Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 8.16am EDT 08:16 Super Rugby: Crusaders beat Rebels 41-19 This from Wires (AAP) on the Rebels v Crusaders clash at AAMI Park: The Melbourne Rebels have become the latest Super Rugby roadkill for the ladder-leading Crusaders, falling to a 41-19 defeat. Heaping more misery on the hapless Rebels, their Wallaby backrower Sean McMahon appeared to have broken his arm to end his hopes of playing in Australia’s Test series next month. McMahon was playing only his third game of the season after returning from injury but went down after making a tackle in the 73rd minute and was escorted from the field by medical staff. The loss meant it’s now 20 matches - including this entire Super Rugby campaign - since an Australian team has beaten a team from New Zealand. Luke Romano of the Crusaders catches the ball during the round 14 Super Rugby match between the Rebels and the Crusaders. Photograph: Daniel Pockett/Getty Images Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 8.01am EDT 08:01 AFL: Richmond beat Essendon 11.15 (81) to 10.6 (66) After three consecutive losses under a goal, the Tigers are back with a hard-fought win against the Bombers in front of a huge home and away crowd at the MCG. They threatened to lose another tight one after failing to capitalise on the many opportunities, they created, but finally held on as the rain trickled down on the Dreamtime clash. That’s their sixth win after they started with five-straight. The Bombers will be proud of their efforts, but will surely be disappointed after such a convincing win against the Eagles last week. Nice scenes after the siren with some of the players swapping jumpers, including captains Cotchin and Heppell. Cotchin put the red and black for a moment before a club official appeared to tell him to take it off. He replaced it with a Tigers jacket. Jack Riewoldt and the Tigers will be relieved to come away with the win after three consecutive losses under a goal. Photograph: Michael Dodge/Getty Images Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 7.51am EDT 07:51 AFL: Q4 01:50 remaining Tigers 11.15 (81) v Dons 10.6 (66) Nankervis nails a goal from 50m out to put the Tigers up by 15 points. They’re safe from here. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 7.51am EDT 07:51 AFL: Q4 02:08 remaining Tigers 10.15 (75) v Dons 10.6 (66) The Tigers go up by 9 points with just over 2 minutes to go. Surely they can’t lose it from here. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 7.47am EDT 07:47 AFL: Q4 05:32 remaining Tigers 10.12 (72) v Dons 10.6 (66) 85,656 here for this match as it starts to rain. That’s the biggest Saturday night home and away crowd in AFL history. A deliberate out of bounds by Grimes gifts James Stewart a shot at goal. He misses and is caught holding the ball a minute later. Tigers have the ball again. The crowd for the Dreamtime game was the biggest Saturday night home and away crowd in AFL history. Photograph: Michael Dodge/Getty Images Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 7.40am EDT 07:40 AFL: Q4 10:05 remaining Tigers 10.12 (72) v Dons 10.6 (66) The crowd has been waiting for McDonald-Tipungwuti to do something special all night - but he misses from 10m out under pressure. Riewoldt lines up for goal at the other end of the ground and slots his 21st Dreamtime goal. The Tigers are up by a goal. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 7.33am EDT 07:33 AFL: Q4 15:50 remaining Tigers 9.12 (66) v Dons 10.4 (64) Two points in it. This is set up for a thriller. The TIgers can’t lose another one at the death, can they? Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 7.25am EDT 07:25 NRL: Cronulla Sharks beat Canterbury Bulldogs 9-8 This from Wires on the last-minute win by the Sharks: A powerhouse performance from skipper Paul Gallen inspired Cronulla to a thrilling 9-8 comeback NRL win over Canterbury in front of their biggest crowd in half a decade. Gallen twice came up with critical plays to set up Saturday night’s victory, including a 25-metre run in the lead-up to Chad Townsend’s 78th-minute field goal that broke an 8-8 deadlock. The former NSW State of Origin skipper also turned the game when, with his team down by six points with 13 minutes to play, he picked up a grubber in-goal and just managed to force his way back into the field of play. With four stars away on Origin duty, Gallen - playing in his first club game during Origin since 2010 - finished with a team-high 181 metres and three tackle breaks. The win extends Cronulla’s winning streak to three and consolidates their top-four spot, while the defeat for the Bulldogs is compounded by a shoulder injury to skipper James Graham. Here’s the field goal that sealed the win for Cronulla. Unbelievable chase by Sharks captain Paul Gallen who dragged his team over the line. rugbyleaguehub.com (@leaguehubcom) #NRLcrocby The run from PaulGallen13. The extra point from chadtownsend10!#NRLSharksBulldogs#NRL pic.twitter.com/jbCbF0jBXX from NRL May 27, 2017 Updated at 7.37am EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 7.20am EDT 07:20 AFL: Q3 01:47 remaining Tigers 9.12 (66) v Dons 10.3 (63) Guess who? Dustin Martin creates another goal for Brandon Ellis after motoring away from his opponent and pulling the ball back inside 50. Richmond are dominating possession. Hard to believe they are only 3 points in front. Dyson Heppell of the Bombers and Dustin Martin of the Tigers contest the ball. Photograph: Julian Smith/AAP Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 7.11am EDT 07:11 AFL: Q3 06:44 remaining Tigers 8.11 (59) v Dons 10.2 (62) Brilliant chase by Richmond youngster Shai Bolton leads to a Shaun Grigg shot at goal, but it falls just short. Martin finally snaps a goal for the Tigers. He’s up to 25 disposals. Jack Riewoldt of the Tigers chases down Conor McKenna of the Bombers. Photograph: Michael Dodge/Getty Images Updated at 7.12am EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 7.07am EDT 07:07 AFL: Q3 11:03 remaining Tigers 7.11 (53) v Dons 10.2 (62) Excellent goal to David Zaharakis. Essendon’s efficiency with 10.2 is the difference at the moment. The Tigers have had plenty of chances, Caddy and Riewoldt in particular, but they need to start converting to stay in touch with the Bombers. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 7.04am EDT 07:04 AFL: Q3 12:55 remaining Tigers 7.11 (53) v Dons 9.1 (55) David Astbury overruns the ball in the goal-square. Shocking mistake, but think he didn’t want to rush it after the decision against Jayden Short. In any event, it ends with a goal to James Stewart for the Dons. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 6.58am EDT 06:58 AFL: Q3 16:50 remaining Tigers 7.10 (52) v Dons 8.1 (49) A bit of Dustin Martin magic there - bombed away, shanked it and it went straight to Jack Riewoldt. Directly in front, he... misses. Unbelievable. Updated at 6.58am EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 6.57am EDT 06:57 AFL: Q3 18:35 remaining Tigers 7.9 (51) v Dons 8.1 (49) Another goal to Caddy and the Tigers are back in front. Commentators are still debating the rushed deliberate that finished the first half. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 6.53am EDT 06:53 NRL: H2 64:11 Bulldogs 8-2 Sharks No Try for the Sharks in the 58th minute as they try to claw their way back against the Bulldogs. Watch the video below. No score since. NRL Bunker (@NRLBunker) Vision of the @cronulla_sharks No Try Decision in the 58th minute of #NRLSharksBulldogs.#NRL pic.twitter.com/fQa057v2kU May 27, 2017 Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 6.49am EDT 06:49 Super Netball: Sunshine Coast Lightning beat Giants 56-55 Unbelievable game of netball at Quodos Bank Arena. The sides could barely be split all night, and scores were tied at three-quarter-time. A 15-14 final term ensured the Lightning crossed the line by the barest of margins. The win was crucial, as it means the Lightning will finish second and go into the major semi-final against the Vixens. Whoever wins the Major proceeds straight to the grand final, while the loser gets the all-important second-chance. Meanwhile the Giants will now face the Magpies in the minor semi-final. It’s a blow for the Giants, who have lost their last two games. Nonetheless, they took it up to the Lightning, with the game going down to the wire. Stephanie Wood and Caitlin Bassett dominated for the Lightning, with Wood finishing with 17/22 and Bassett with 39/41. Photograph: Matt King/Getty Images Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 6.41am EDT 06:41 AFL: Here’s that rushed behind decision so you can make up your own mind. AFL on 7 (@7AFL) #HaveYourSay: Was Jayden Short hard done by with this one? Vote in our POLL below. #AFLTigersDons #DreamtimeAtTheG pic.twitter.com/UlULR0GPkO May 27, 2017 Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 6.37am EDT 06:37 F1: This just in from Wires (AAP): Ferrari driver and Formula One championship leader Sebastian Vettel has obliterated his own lap record at the circuit de Monaco in Saturday morning practice to again be the fastest man on track ahead of afternoon qualifying. The 29-year-old four-time world champion broke his own lap record late in the session, clocking 1:12.395 to eclipse the time he set on Thursday by three-tenths of a second. In all, four drivers produced laps under the one minute 13 second mark but they did not include Daniel Ricciardo, whose best lap, a 1:13.392, was only good enough for sixth and almost one second off the pace of Vettel. Lewis Hamilton again struggled with his Mercedes and was only fifth fastest at the end of the session. Qualifying begins at 2:00pm on Saturday (10pm AEST). Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 6.33am EDT 06:33 AFL: Half-time Tigers 6.9 (45) v Dons 8.1 (49) Wow. Highly controversial free - and goal - goes to Josh Green just before the siren, after the umpire pays a deliberate rushed behind (with no ‘perceived’ or ‘immediate’ pressure) against the Tigers. Not sure about that one - seemed to be under quite a bit of pressure, perhaps except for Green giving up the chase to plead for a free-kick. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 6.28am EDT 06:28 AFL: Q2 01:55 remaining Tigers 6.8 (44) v Dons 7.1 (43) Shane Edwards - also wearing the number 67 - kicks his second goal for the night after the Tigers have dominated the quarter everywhere except on the scoreboard. He almost kicks two in a minute, but just misses. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 6.25am EDT 06:25 Super Netball: Q4 2:00 Giants 43-43 Lightning Deviating here slightly to give you an update on the Super Netball as it’s a cracker. These two teams have been inseparable all night, and they’re level at 42-42 in the final quarter. Caitlin Bassett is on fire for the Lightning with 29/30 (97%). This is huge for finals. Caitlin Bassett of the Lightning catches the ball during their Round 14 clash against the Giants. Photograph: Matt King/Getty Images Updated at 6.27am EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 6.21am EDT 06:21 AFL: Q2 06:40 remaining Tigers 5.7 (37) v Dons 7.1 (43) Caddy misses another, taking his tally to 1.3. The Tigers can’t afford to be inaccurate in such a tight contest. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 6.19am EDT 06:19 AFL: Q2 9:20 remaining Tigers 5.6 (36) v Dons 7.1 (43) Todd Elton gets one back for the Tigers. They’ve had the most of possession, but haven’t been able to convert. That goal came on the back of a beautiful tackle on Daniher, whose luck finally ran out after trying to dodge too many Tigers’ defenders. Updated at 6.19am EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 6.15am EDT 06:15 AFL: Q2 10:55 remaining Tigers 4.6 (30) v Dons 7.1 (37) A perfect pass from McDonald-Tipungwuti sets up Joe Daniher for his third goal. He’s in a rich vein of form, Daniher. That’s the first goal for the quarter. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 6.08am EDT 06:08 Super Rugby: Highlanders beat NSW Waratahs 44-28 Meanwhile, this from AAP on the Super Rugby clash between the NSW Waratahs and the Highlanders: Poor discipline and defence proved costly for the Waratahs, whose Super Rugby finals hopes have taken another hit with a 44-28 loss to the Highlanders in Dunedin. The Tahs’ hopes of topping the Australian conference dropped on Saturday when they surrendered a 14-13 halftime lead and conceded 17-straight points after the break. The Highlanders scored six tries to four. They capitalised on a one-man advantage early in the second half, when they scored two tries while Waratahs lock Dean Mumm was in the sin-bin. Mumm, who earlier this week announced he would retire at the end of this year, was given a yellow card for a dangerous tackle, but looked a little unlucky. A converted try to replacement halfback Jake Gordon cut the deficit to nine points and lifted the Tahs in their push for a bonus point. Those were quickly extinguished with Daniel Lienert-Brown and Lima Sopoaga touching down for the home team, before Gordon scampered away after taking a quick tap to notch his second five-pointer. The loss leaves the Tahs second in the Australian conference behind the Brumbies, who can stretch that lead by beating the Jaguares on Sunday morning in Buenos Aires. Rob Thompson of the Highlanders dives over to score during the match between the Highlanders and the Waratahs at Forsyth Barr Stadium in Dunedin. Photograph: Dianne Manson/Getty Images Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 6.03am EDT 06:03 AFL: Quarter-time Tigers 4.4 (28) v Dons 6.1 (37) Apologies for my absence, I’m back after some small technical issues. Dons are efficient in their scoring up forward at the moment, but both teams are up for the contest. In case you missed it, there were some incredible scenes during the pre-game entertainment. Indigenous performers take centre-stage in the pre-game entertainment during Dreamtime at the ‘G. Photograph: Michael Dodge/Getty Images Updated at 6.10am EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 5.50am EDT 05:50 AFL Q1 04:35 remaining Tigers 3.3 (21) v Dons 3.0 (18) As predicted, it’s packed out at the ‘G. You can’t deny the unique atmosphere at the Dreamtime game. Martin Gleeson (@MartyJG13) .#DreamtimeAtTheG a genuine recognition & celebration event @MCG perfect venue for the show pic.twitter.com/2tbNJKAYBG May 27, 2017 Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 5.48am EDT 05:48 AFL Q1 06:12 remaining Tigers 3.3 (21) v Dons 3.0 (18) Tigers back in front after a thumping goal from Josh Caddy outside 50m. Caddy proving his worth in Tigers’ colours. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 5.44am EDT 05:44 AFL Q1 09:36 remaining Tigers 2.3 (15) v Dons 3.0 (18) Not sure how he got that much space, but Caddy was all out on his own 5m out. On a tight angle, he misses. The Tigers are back in the game. Updated at 5.45am EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 5.38am EDT 05:38 AFL Q1 13:36 remaining Tigers 1.1 (7) v Dons 3.0 (18) Back to the AFL now for the annual Dreamtime at the ‘G game. Sam Lloyd just slotted a much-needed goal for the Tigers after the Dons blitzed them in the opening minutes. The Tigers will be looking for redemption after a horror couple of weeks. Updated at 5.38am EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 5.36am EDT 05:36 NRL New Zealand Warriors beat Brisbane Broncos 28-10 More on NRL later, but it was a not-unexpected win to the Warriors with so many Broncos missing (a total of 7 were out including State of Origin and injury). Shaun Johnson starred, with two first-half assists and one try to go along with his four conversions. For the Broncos, a pair of tries to James Roberts within ten minutes put a scare through the Warriors, but James Gavet crossed the line five minutes later to assure the Warriors of the win. The loss sees the Broncos drop from second to third, while the Warriors sit two points outside the eight, with five wins from 12 outings. Shaun Johnson was clearly best on ground against the Broncos. Photograph: Hannah Peters/Getty Images Updated at 5.50am EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 5.24am EDT 05:24 America’s Cup: I’ll be back live-blogging Dreamtime at the ‘G shortly, as well as wrapping up rugby league and rugby union results, and checking in on the Super Netball. In the meantime, here’s some reading material in advance of the America’s Cup. The oldest international sporting trophy (dating back to 1851), the America’s Cup is happening in Bermuda this year, and was perhaps one of the most fascinating sources of sporting news this week after claims of espionage ‘like James Bond or the CIA’ emerged. If you know little about the sport (or even if you do), it’s worth reading this feature on how cutting-edge engineering and technology is propelling the sport further into the future. The reigning champions are Oracle Team USA who have Australian Jimmy Spithill at the helm. Another Australian, Nathan Outteridge is steering the hopes of Swedish entry Artemis Racing. The winner of the Louis Vuitton (yes, you read that correctly) Cup Qualifiers will meet Defending Champions Oracle USA. Not sure if it’s just me, but the idea of being out in the water in Bermuda makes me think something extraordinary might happen. For fellow nerds out there, you might want to check out this Guardian article from last year about the ‘mystery’ of the Bermuda Triangle. Updated at 5.32am EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 5.14am EDT 05:14 AFL: Embarassingly, the staff at Alice Springs just cued (and played) the Gold Coast theme song. They fixed it up with abrupt switch of tracks. Jeff Garlett says it’s a “huge honour” to have played so well in Indigenous round. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 5.13am EDT 05:13 AFL: Melbourne beat Gold Coast 18.14 (122) to 13.9 (87) That’s all from Traeger Park, as the sun sets over Alice Springs. The crowd was estimated at around 5,000. Jeff Garlett added another goal in the dying minutes to finish with 5, his best haul for the Demons. In the end it was a comfortable win over the Suns, with Melbourne now sitting at 5-4 (20 points) ahead of their bye next week. It’s also a handy percentage-booster in what is proving to be a difficult AFL season to predict. The sun sets over Traeger park in Alice Springs. Photograph: Dan Himbrechts/AAP Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 5.01am EDT 05:01 AFL Q4 05:24 remaining Dees 16.13 (109) v Suns 11.9 (75) Nathan Jones celebrates another goal to the Demons. Photograph: Quinn Rooney/Getty Images The Demons have put the foot back on the pedal, with a fourth goal to Jeff Garlett. The Suns respond with one to Matera after a 50m penalty against Hunt for creeping over the mark, but it doesn’t matter. Jones replies. Demons to win easily. Updated at 5.02am EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 4.56am EDT 04:56 AFL Q4 08:28 remaining Dees 14.12 (96) v Suns 10.9 (69) And a brilliant right-foot goal from the outside of the boot sees Jeff Garlett join in the small forward party. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 4.54am EDT 04:54 AFL Q4 09:03 remaining Dees 13.12 (90) v Suns 10.9 (69) Mitch Hannan snaps his third in what’s becoming a good day for Melbourne’s small forwards. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 4.51am EDT 04:51 AFL Q4 11:33 remaining Dees 12.11 (83) v Suns 10.9 (69) The Suns get a much-needed goal in return after a beautiful long set-shot from Sexton. Here’s an idea of the scenes currently at Traeger Park. Fiona Cannon (@FiCan) What a beautiful shot of game day in Alice Springs. #AFLDeesSuns pic.twitter.com/jCJ1MsvzdT May 27, 2017 Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 4.48am EDT 04:48 AFL Q4 13:15 remaining Dees 12.11 (83) v Suns 9.9 (63) Another horrendous turnover by the Suns gifts Jack Watts a goal from 15m out. I hate to think what’s happening to Rodney Eade now. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 4.46am EDT 04:46 AFL Q4 14:38 remaining Dees 11.11 (77) v Suns 9.9 (63) We’re back for the final quarter in the Dees v Suns clash. A beautiful sunset hangs over Traeger Park in Alice Springs. Hannan goals all on his own 5m out, and things are falling apart from the Suns. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 4.42am EDT 04:42 Queensland Firebirds beat NSW Swifts 67-48 The Firebirds have finished their season on a high, with a 19-goal victory over the Swifts. Goal-shooter Romelda Aiken was influential with 38/45 (84%) while Goal-Attack Gretel Tippett also scored 29/34 (85%). Strange to think these two teams were the grand finalists in last year’s trans-Tasman Netball League, but neither will feature in the new competition. The Firebirds at least finish on a high after last week’s victory over finalists the Giants and this win over the Swifts. Romelda Aiken of the Firebirds towers over Sarah Klau of the Swifts. Photograph: Matt King/Getty Images Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 4.35am EDT 04:35 NRL H2 44:32 Warriors 22-0 Broncos It’s three-quarter-time in Alice Springs so I’ll take us around the grounds. In the NRL the Warriors are Running all over the Broncos, scoring this try immediately after the resumption of play. NRL (@NRL) The @NZWarriors start the 2nd Half in style! #NRLWarriorsBroncos #NRL pic.twitter.com/U7kT9lkUwc May 27, 2017 Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 4.32am EDT 04:32 AFL Q3 0:20 remaining Dees 9.9 (64) v Suns 9.8 (62) Jones lines up for another one, and slots it from 45m out directly in front. Unbelievable turnaround by the Dees, the Suns have just stopped. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 4.28am EDT 04:28 AFL Q3 03:17 remaining Dees 8.9 (58) v Suns 9.8 (62) Jordan Lewis leads the way with disposals for the Dees with 25 (12 kicks) and is proving influential. So is James Harmes who has just kicked his third goal off the pack. James Harmes has kicked three goals for the Demons with a quarter to play. Photograph: Dan Himbrechts/AAP Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 4.24am EDT 04:24 AFL Q3 05:12 remaining Dees 7.9 (52) v Suns 9.8 (62) That’s three unanswered goals to the Dees now, and the margin is back to 10 points. Dees are playing smart, kicking short and finding targets. They’re against the breeze so doing well this quarter. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 4.21am EDT 04:21 AFL Q3 08:47 remaining Dees 6.9 (45) v Suns 9.8 (62) On cue, Nathan Jones slots a captain’s goal. Reports suggest Rodney Eade needs a lie down. Two Putt Shakur (@twoputtshakur) Rocket just needs the room dark and he's in his element! #AFLDeesSuns pic.twitter.com/KJgrjayzVN May 27, 2017 Updated at 4.21am EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 1 of 2 Newest Newer Older Oldest Topics Australia sport Australia sportwatch NRL Super Rugby AFL Super Netball Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Reuse this content View all comments > Order by newest oldest recommendations Show 25 25 50 100 All Threads collapsed expanded unthreaded Loading comments… Trouble loading? View more comments most viewed The Guardian back to top home US politics world opinion sports selected soccer tech arts lifestyle fashion business travel environment all sections close home US politics world UK europe americas asia middle east africa australia cities development opinion sports selected soccer MLS NFL MLB NBA NHL soccer live scores tables competitions results fixtures clubs tech arts movies tv & radio music games books art & design stage classical lifestyle food recipes health & fitness love & sex family women home & garden fashion business economics sustainable business diversity & equality in business small business travel USA europe UK environment climate change wildlife energy pollution science media crosswords blog editor quick cryptic prize quiptic genius speedy everyman azed weekend video Sports › Australia sport australia sport soccer NFL tennis MLB MLS back to top become a supporter make a contribution Facebook Twitter jobs guardian labs subscribe all topics all contributors solve technical issue about us advertise with us contact us work for us complaints & corrections terms & conditions privacy policy cookie policy securedrop © 2017 Guardian News and Media Limited or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved.
Close Skip to main content The Guardian - Back to home Become a Supporter news opinion sport arts life Menu news headlines US news world news science US politics business environment money tech obituaries opinion opinion home the guardian view columnists cartoons opinion videos Jill Abramson Jessica Valenti Steven W Thrasher Trevor Timm Rebecca Carroll Chelsea E Manning sport sport home soccer NFL tennis MLB MLS NBA NHL arts culture home film books music art & design tv & radio stage classical games life lifestyle home fashion food recipes love & sex home & garden health & fitness women family travel money What term do you want to search? become a supporter subscribe Sign in/up my account Comment activity Edit profile Email preferences Change password Sign out US edition switch to the UK edition switch to the Australia edition switch to the International edition jobs the guardian app podcasts video pictures newsletters crosswords Facebook Twitter cricket soccer NFL tennis MLB MLS more sign in Comment activity Edit profile Email preferences Change password Sign out become a supporter subscribe search jobs US edition switch to the UK edition switch to the Australia edition switch to the International edition The Guardian - Back to home home › sports soccer MLS NFL MLB NBA NHL home US politics world opinion sports selected soccer tech arts lifestyle fashion business travel environment browse all sections close County Championship Division One County cricket: Essex v Surrey, Somerset v Hants and more – as it happened All the action from around the grounds as Kumar Sangakkara made a double-century for Surrey and Somerset v Hampshire heads for a thrilling conclusion Updated Surrey’s Kumar Sangakkara drives the ball for a four on day one against Essex en route to an unbeaten 177 that marked his fifth successive first-class century. Photograph: Nick Wood/Getty Images Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email View more sharing options Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Close Will Macpherson at Chelmsford Saturday 27 May 2017 13.38 EDT First published on Saturday 27 May 2017 05.50 EDT Key events Show 1.38pm EDT 13:38 That's all folks! 10.55am EDT 10:55 Tea! Yer scores 9.43am EDT 09:43 Wickets at Derby! 8.04am EDT 08:04 Lunch! Scores on the doors 7.04am EDT 07:04 Surrey all out for 369! 7.00am EDT 07:00 200 for Kumar Sangakarra! 6.57am EDT 06:57 Somerset 197 all out! Live feed Show 1.38pm EDT 13:38 That's all folks! Thanks again for your company today, which has been a thoroughly enjoyable one. Dan Lawrence batted very nicely indeed here, and the action elsewhere has been excellent too. Here are the scores on the doors. Division One: Essex 215-3 v Surrey 369 Somerset 197 & 39-0 v Hampshire 162 & 293 Division Two: Derbyshire 532-8 v Leicestershire 619 Kent 369 & 116-0 v Sussex 164 Northants 238 & 53-2 v Worcs 434 Glos 149 & 37-1 v Notts 430-9d Glamorgan 225-6 v Durham 342 See you all tomorrow! Updated at 1.40pm EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 1.18pm EDT 13:18 Alex Wakely has been caught hooking three overs from the close at Northants. It’s the Northants way! Tongue the bowler and they are 42 for two and still miles behind. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 1.08pm EDT 13:08 And stumps at Tunbridge Wells, where Kent lead Sussex by 161. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 1.08pm EDT 13:08 That’s stumps at Chelmsford, where Essex are 215 for three. Lawrence has batted very nicely for his 78, while Ravi has been mature in putting together 33. Essex are 154 behind, so I reckon they won’t follow on. Bit of weather about tomorrow, and a new ball due first thing. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 12.59pm EDT 12:59 Lloyds Leach has an early wicket at Northampton. Of course he does. Holden goes and Northants are 24 for one. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 12.54pm EDT 12:54 Lovely. Somerset Cricket 🏏 (@SomersetCCC) SHOT! Trescothick leans into a trademark cover drive! Somerset 12/0#SOMvHAM pic.twitter.com/B2SRjcq7MI May 27, 2017 Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 12.54pm EDT 12:54 Derbyshire are now 506 for eight as Gary Wilson goes for 97. What an exciting game that has been. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 12.47pm EDT 12:47 Notts are on the move with Gloucestershire’s second innings. Dent goes to Fletcher and it’s 12 for one. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 12.46pm EDT 12:46 And now Donald’s gone. There I was thinking my jinxing knife was a little blunt today. He made 51, apparently a superb catch by Jennings off the utterly unpronounceable Weighell. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 12.45pm EDT 12:45 Good to see. Glamorgan Cricket 🏏 (@GlamCricket) 50// Donald brings up the half century off 74 balls with 5 fours and 1 six 160/5 #GlavDur pic.twitter.com/DCHfExm4ju May 27, 2017 Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 12.38pm EDT 12:38 Very pesky last-wicket stand at Taunton, where Crane and Topley put on 36. But Bess has Crane for 30 and ends up with seven in the innings and 10 in the match! 293 the score, 259 the target for Somerset. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 12.35pm EDT 12:35 Nine overs left of what has been a slightly slow day at Chelmsford. Essex 188 for three. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 12.23pm EDT 12:23 Uh oh bad news for Stuie. Notts have enforced the follow on. Stuie Neale (@MrNeale92) @willis_macp oh glos oh dear May 27, 2017 Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 12.16pm EDT 12:16 Gloucestershire 149 all out! Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 12.14pm EDT 12:14 Worcestershire all out for 434, a lead of 198! Sanderson got Leach (for a 35-ball fifty) and Lyon (for a first-ball duck) in consecutive deliveries to finish the job. IVA Shantry ends 30 not out. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 12.12pm EDT 12:12 Two wickets for Steve Mullaney at Trent Bridge, and Glos are nine down! Follow on looms, as they are 281 behind. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 12.07pm EDT 12:07 Kent manoeuvring themselves into a position of utter dominance at Tunbridge Wells. They are 60 without loss. Meanwhile at Chelmsford, Dan Lawrence has fifty. Lovely knock. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 12.00pm EDT 12:00 Full bonus points for the Woosters and Shantry and Leach have put on 44 in five overs... Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 11.51am EDT 11:51 Coughlin gets another and Glammy are five down! Can Durham force their way to their first win? 119 for five. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 11.47am EDT 11:47 The following on is acoming at Trent Bridge. Matt Davies (@MattDavies_NP) Well done Luke Fletcher. Runs back and then dives to get Mustard at mid-on for 53. Wicket for Broad. 136 for 7. May 27, 2017 Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 11.46am EDT 11:46 Joverton gets Abbott and Hampshire are nine down with a lead of 222! Good game at Taunton. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 11.42am EDT 11:42 Nathan Buck has five wickets for Northants! Woosters are 366 for eight, and Shantry has joined Lloyds Leach. Prepare for carnage. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 11.31am EDT 11:31 Another wicket at Taunton! Joverton gets Ervine, caught at third man by Bess. 246 for eight. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 11.24am EDT 11:24 Nathan Buck has a third for Northants and the Woosters are 353 for six. The lead is 115, and Shantry’s not even in yet. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 11.09am EDT 11:09 Kent have chosen not to enforce at Tunbridge Wells so are out for another bat in the final session of the second day. The lead is more than 200. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 11.04am EDT 11:04 Please listen to this. Thanks. FCC cricket podcast: with Jack Shantry, the figure of fun who became a folk hero Read more Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 10.58am EDT 10:58 No danger of that at Chelmsford, where it’s another belting day. Matt Davies (@MattDavies_NP) Bad light stops play again with the score on 110/6. Notts made 430/9 dec. May 27, 2017 Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 10.55am EDT 10:55 Tea! Yer scores Not all of these games have made it to tea, but these are the scores whether you like it or not. Division One: Essex 127-3 v Surrey 369 Hampshire 162 & 225-7 v Somerset 197 Division Two: Derbyshire 394-5 v Leicestershire 619 Sussex 164 v Kent 369 Worcs 346-5 v Northants 238 Glos 110-6 v Notts 430-9d Glamorgan 87-3 v Durham 342 Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 10.49am EDT 10:49 Tea! Essex are 127 for three. 69 for three in that session, which saw Surrey bowl nicely. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 10.48am EDT 10:48 Good from Paul Coughlin, who is a very fine young cricketer. Takes one to get Colin Ingram out right now. Durham CCC 🏏 (@DurhamCricket) @Coughlin92 🎥 Good areas from Coughlin & an excellent low grab from the skipper! Donald joins Bragg (20*) for the hosts #GLAvDUR pic.twitter.com/dBkv8uaUun May 27, 2017 Meanwhile, at Tunbridge Wells... Sussex are all out for 164. Oh dear. Harris gets Wiese and Archer in consecutive balls. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 10.45am EDT 10:45 And now he’s gone! Bad way to go! Just before tea, as well. Two balls after bringing up his 50, he’s drilled a pull off Tracey Meaker straight to midwicket. Good catch by CurranT. 126 for three, RBop in. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 1 of 3 Newest Newer Older Oldest Topics County Championship Division One Cricket County Championship Division Two Essex Surrey Somerset Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Reuse this content View all comments > Order by newest oldest recommendations Show 25 25 50 100 All Threads collapsed expanded unthreaded Loading comments… Trouble loading? View more comments most viewed The Guardian back to top home US politics world opinion sports selected soccer tech arts lifestyle fashion business travel environment all sections close home US politics world UK europe americas asia middle east africa australia cities development opinion sports selected soccer MLS NFL MLB NBA NHL soccer live scores tables competitions results fixtures clubs tech arts movies tv & radio music games books art & design stage classical lifestyle food recipes health & fitness love & sex family women home & garden fashion business economics sustainable business diversity & equality in business small business travel USA europe UK environment climate change wildlife energy pollution science media crosswords blog editor quick cryptic prize quiptic genius speedy everyman azed weekend video Sports › County Championship Division One cricket soccer NFL tennis MLB MLS back to top become a supporter make a contribution Facebook Twitter jobs guardian labs subscribe all topics all contributors solve technical issue about us advertise with us contact us work for us complaints & corrections terms & conditions privacy policy cookie policy securedrop © 2017 Guardian News and Media Limited or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved.
Home Contact Us About Us Advertise     Home Contact Us About Us Advertise Top Home Contact Us About Us Advertise Search Canadian Reviewer     Featured Sponsors -------------------------- DHgate.com  Featured Stories BlackBerry KEYone Motorola Moto G5 Samsung Galaxy S8+ 2017 Cadillac XT5 Platinum 2017 Ford Flex Limited 2016 Hyundai Sonata Hybrid 2017 Mazda CX-9 Signature 2017 Mercedes-Benz C-Class Fitbit Charge 2 2016 Mazda MX-5 2017 GMC Acadia Denali MacBook Pro (late 2016) Google Pixel XL Lenovo Moto Z Apple Watch Series 2, watchOS 3 2017 Canadianreviewer.com REVIEWS BlackBerry KEYone Philips Hue Smart Lighting System insta360 nano 360 camera for iPhone 2017 Cadillac CT6 Luxury UAG Rugged Case for Surface Book Motorola Moto G5 Samsung Galaxy S8 and S8+ 2017 Cadillac XT5 Platinum Linksys VELOP Whole Home Mesh Network Fitbit Alta HR 2016 Range Rover 2016 Ford Flex Limited Timex IQ+ Move fitness tracking watch 2016 Hyundai Sonata Hybrid 2017 Mazda CX-9 Signature 2016 Mazda MX-5 Sennheiser PXC-550 Bluetooth headphones 2017 Mercedes-Benz C-Class 4MATIC Sedan Sudio Regent Bluetooth headphones Samsung Gear S3 Frontier VisionTek SoundTube PRO Bluetooth speaker Fitbit Charge 2 2017 GMC Acadia Denali Apple AirPods Apple MacBook Pro (Late 2016) 808 Game of Thrones Season Six Blu-Ray Michelin Premier all-season tires Tom Tom Spark 3 Cardio + Google Daydream View VR headset ASUS ZenBook 3 Jaybird X3 JBL SoundBoost Speaker Moto Mod Moto Insta-Share Projector for Moto Z Google Pixel XL Apalon's My Alarm Clock app Lenovo Moto Z Apple Watch Series 2 and watchOS 3 iOS 10 Apple iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus Dyson 360 Eye Robot Vacuum Dyson V8 Absolute Cordless vacuum Tablo by Nuvyyo Samsung Gear Fit 2 fitness wearable Ulysses for macOS and iOS Epson SureColor P600 Wide Format inkjet printer HBO's Vinyl Season 1 Apple MacBook (2016) Papago! GoSafe 268 mirror mounted dash-cam Piper all-in-one security JayBird Freedom headphones SF MoMA app Fitbit Blaze fitness tracker UA HealthBox Dyson Pure Cool Link Lola by Blue HTC 10 Apple iPhone SE Apple iPad Pro 9.7-inch 2016 Chevrolet Malibu Dell XPS 12 with 4K Ultra HD display RHA S500i Noise Isolation headphones for iOS « Early LG V30 renders show a secondary slide-out display | Main | Snapchat forces users to replace Snapcode profile pictures with Bitmoji » Saturday May272017 Google Photos now lets US users create photo books on mobile Saturday, May 27, 2017 at 4:16AM If your interest was piqued by the ability to make actual photo books from your Google Photos albums, there’s now an easier way to make these books—at least if you live in the US. Google announced at I/O 2017 that you can make physical photo books from the pictures you have on its Photos app. Initially users could only do it on the desktop browser. Now, Google updated the Photos app on iOS and Android to make it easier for you to make the books. The softcover 7-inch album will cost US$10 for 20 pages, while the hardcover 9-inch version will cost $20 for 20 pages. The downside is this feature is currently only available in the US and Google hasn’t made any announcements if it’ll bring it outside of the country. We’re hoping it makes its way here. Source: Engadget Nicole Batac | Post a Comment | Share Article Print Article Permalink tagged Google Photos Email Article in Android, Android apps, Apple, Google, Mobile, News, Press release, app news, iPad apps, iphone Reader Comments There are no comments for this journal entry. To create a new comment, use the form below. Post a New Comment Enter your information below to add a new comment. My response is on my own website » Author:  (forget stored information) Author Email (optional): Author URL (optional): Post: ↓ | ↑   Some HTML allowed: <a href="" title=""> <abbr title=""> <acronym title=""> <b> <blockquote cite=""> <code> <em> <i> <strike> <strong> Notify me of follow-up comments via email.    Link an External Response Have a response on your own site? You can either use the [Trackback URL] for this entry, or link to your response directly. I want to leave a comment directly on this site » Article Title: Article URL: Article Excerpt (optional): Site Name: Site URL (optional): Author Name: References will be subject to editor approval before appearing. Your reference will not appear until it has been cleared by a website editor. Copyright 2008-2017 @ The Canadian Reviewer and Gadjo Cardenas Sevilla
M³ CLL Events Whitepapers The Next Platform Data Center Software Security Transformation DevOps Business Personal Tech Science Emergent Tech Bootnotes Servers HPC Cloud Storage Networks Virtualization BOFH Azure Backup cuddles up real close to Windows Server Tintri files for US$100m IPO but warns losses will likely keep coming HPE's cloud server wasting away on low calorie Microsoft sales ViaSat lofts world's most powerful communications satellite into orbit Sage flogs North American Payments biz for $260m Whoops! Microsoft accidentally lets out a mobile-'bricking' OS update Google to give 6 months' warning for 2018 Chrome adblockalypse – report Toyota's entertaining the idea of Linux in cars Goodness gracious, great Chinese 'Fireball' malware infects 250m systems worldwide Social media vetting for US visas go live LIGO physicists eyeball a new gravitational wave Crapness of WannaCrypt coding offers hope for ransomware victims Who's going to dig you out of a security hole when the time comes? BA IT systems failure: Uninterruptible Power Supply was interrupted Performance anxiety: A different take on 'hybrid infrastructure' Ransomware realities: In your normal life, strangers don't extort you. But here you are How do you do, fellow kids? Grandpa Puppet gets down with Docker What happened when 300 DevOps experts took over the QE II? Windows is now built on Git, but Microsoft has found some bottlenecks Twilio packages code boilerplate to woo devs Policy The Channel UK PM May's response to London terror attack calls for regulation of internet companies Walmart workers invited to shuttle packages Pai guy not too privacy shy, says your caller ID can't block IP, so anons go bye The Big Blue Chopper video that IBM might want to keep quiet Bixby bailout: Samsungers bailing on lame-duck assistant Your emotionally absent pic-snapping partner's going to look you in the eye again Samsung's Bixby assistant fails English, gets held back a month Qualcomm names its Windows 10 ARM PC partners Geek's Guide Earth resists NASA's attempts to make red and green clouds ESA astronaut deaccelerates from 28,800kph to zero in first bumpy landing Boffins find evidence of strange uranium-producing bacteria lurking underground Gay Dutch vultures become dads Artificial Intelligence Internet of Things Amazon granted patent to put parachutes inside shipping labels The nuclear launch button won't be pressed by a finger but by a bot Virtual reality headsets even less popular than wearable devices Microsoft boosts its AI framework with Cognitive Toolkit 2.0 Verity Stob Utah fights man's attempt to marry laptop German robo-pastor preaches the GNU Testament IBM marketeers rub out chopper after visit from CEO Ginni I'll take the sandtrooper in white: Meet the rebel scum making Star Wars armour sets for a living 30 Emergent Tech Sergey Brin building humanitarian blimp for lifesaving leisure You may have to wait a decade or more to join him aloft A blimp, but not Sergey's 27 May 2017 at 09:20, Thomas Claburn In a few years, Alphabet president and Google cofounder Sergey Brin is expected to have an airship at his disposal for humanitarian missions and ferrying friends, not necessarily in that order. The tech billionaire's blimp, according to The Guardian, is currently under construction at the National Aeronautics and Space Administration's (NASA's) Moffett Field in Santa Clara County, California. The space agency leased a hangar to Alphabet subsidiary Planetary Ventures in 2014 for $1.6bn over the course of 60 years. The helium-fed balloon behemoth will reportedly be almost 200 metres long and is expected to cost $100m to $150m. It is said to have been conceived for use with hydrogen, but evidently someone recalled the fiery fate of the Hindenburg. Moffett Field, just down the road from Google's Mountain View, California, headquarters, previously served a now-defunct commercial zeppelin business, Airship Ventures, which operated sightseeing flights from the facility between 2008 and 2012. Lack of sponsorships and a tenfold increase in the price of helium contributed to the firm's demise, according to the San Francisco Chronicle. The failed company's 75-metre airship, Eureka, has since been disassembled and shipped back to its maker, Zeppelin Luftschifftechnik GmbH, in Germany. Igor Pasternak, CEO of airship company Aeros, expressed optimism about the commercial potential of airships in a phone interview with The Register. Past airship efforts, he suggested, focused too much on niche markets. He described airships as a way to make cargo distribution direct, rather than flowing through an inefficient chain of ports and distribution points. He likened the decentralization airships can bring to the way the internet reshaped information distribution. But it may be a while before airships fill the skies. It will take more than five years, he said. "It took a long time to get from America Online to Gmail," he pointed out. Tech billionaires have shown an affinity for airy ventures. Larry Page, Alphabet's CEO and Google's other founder, owns two flying car companies, Kitty Hawk and Zee.Aero. The two startups are competing to design personal aircraft more appealing than ultralights and more affordable than private planes. Amazon's Jeff Bezos and Tesla's Elon Musk have focused their attention on rocketry, though Musk (who also has an affinity for tunneling) has expressed interest in electric planes. The general public too can look forward to personal air transport, which will probably look more like Uber's Elevate project than Brin's floating folly. But don't expect much for a decade or more, according to a paper published earlier this month by researchers at Duke University and NASA. There may be some outliers – like AeroMobil, which has begun taking pre-orders to deliver a commercially available flying car in 2017. But with a price tag of at least $1.2m, the AeroMobil flying car isn't reaching beyond the traditional private jet market. According to the paper's co-authors – Victoria Chibuogu Nneji, Alexander Stimpson, and Mary (Missy) Cummings from Duke, and Kenneth H Goodrich, from NASA Langley Research Center – the technology necessary for on-demand passenger air travel and the requisite regulatory framework won't be ready for a decade or more. As the paper recounts, prior efforts to democratize air travel have struggled with issues of cost and safety. Faced with low public interest and accidents, New York Airways, which offered helicopter transit in New York City from 1949 to 1979, couldn't make enough money to sustain operations. Then there's the Small Aircraft Transportation System (SATS), a $69m initiative between 2001 and 2005, conceived as a joint partnership between NASA and the Federal Aviation Administration to create a market for low-cost regional aviation using jets like taxis. Its impact was blunted by a decline in the number of private pilots, the limited number and locations of airports that handle general aviation, the challenge of air traffic management, and the high cost of aircraft, the paper explains. Next page: Reality check Page: 1 2 Next → Tips and corrections 30 Comments MORE Google Sergey Brin Alphabet Blimp Sign up to our Newsletter Get IT in your inbox daily Subscribe More from The Register US judges say you can Google Google, but you can't google Google The Chocolate Factory is spared the aspirin treatment by the 9th District Court 59 Comments Google's PHP API client has XSS vulnerability Patch promised 2 Comments Google opens patent pool for Android Protects against trolls maybe. But not Google Cook fights for life after Google summit blaze Google I/O Don't worry, no programmers were harmed, says web ads giant 20 Comments Google launches root certificate authority Cutting out the middle man 25 Comments Google serves Espresso link-ups for Cloud Chocolate Factory's SDN aims for better connections to hosted machines Whitepapers Blending Cloud-native and Conventional Applications This IDC InfoBrief, sponsored by Red Hat, reviews ten lessons from early adopters for successful integration of cloud native and traditional applications. Mobile App Security Program Management Handbook Whether you are starting from square one with a mobile app security initiative, have ad-hoc tasks you want to consolidate, or just want to improve an existing program. Achieving the Dynamic Data Center Examining the emergence of clustering in the enterprise data center, and a set of criteria to consider when evaluating options for managing advanced, clustered IT infrastructure. Top Reasons Veritas is Superior to Dell EMC See how an open software approach from Veritas and NetBackup provides the right foundation for enterprise data management. Most read BA IT systems failure: Uninterruptible Power Supply was interrupted BA CEO blames messaging and networks for grounding IBM marketeers rub out chopper after visit from CEO Ginni The Linux cloud swap that spells trouble for Microsoft and VMware I'll take the sandtrooper in white: Meet the rebel scum making Star Wars armour sets for a living Spotlight 8 out of 10 cats fear statistics – AI doesn't have this problem PAH! Four decades of Star Wars: No lightsabers, no palm-sized video calls Sorry, Dave, I can't code that: AI's prejudice problem Facebook is abusive. It's time to divorce it Washing machine AI? You'll thank AWS, Microsoft, Google (eventually) A bot lingua franca does not exist: Your machine-learning options for walking the talk Switch on your smartphone camera and look how fertile I am Forget robot overlords, humankind will get finished off by IoT Sponsored links Know Your Infrastructure - On Prem and in the Cloud Get The Register's Headlines in your inbox daily - quick signup! Moving to the Cloud? Get a quote on selling IT. Get your cash back. About us Who we are Under the hood Contact us Advertise with us More content Week’s headlines Top 20 stories Alerts Whitepapers Situation Publishing The Next Platform Continuous Lifecycle London M-cubed Webinars The Register - Independent news, views and opinion for the tech sector. Part of Situation Publishing Sign up to our Newsletters Join our daily or weekly newsletters, subscribe to a specific section or set News alerts Subscribe Biting the hand that feeds IT © 1998–2017 Cookies Privacy Ts&Cs
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search 0 Tech Home Follow Us Reviews How To Deals Video Games Pogue Apple Get Android O features on any Android phone right now with this free launcher Jacob Siegal BGR News May 27, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Share We’re likely still a few months out from the release of Android 8.0, but we got a glimpse at some of its most interesting new features and additions at Google I/O earlier this month. One of the features that Google showed off during the event was called Notification Dots, which are small dots that appear on apps when you have a notification. You won’t be able to try notification dots until Android O rolls out later this year, but you can add an unofficial version of the feature to your phone right now. Don't Miss: New report reaffirms the iPhone 8’s most exciting new feature This week, the first beta for Nova Launcher 5.2 arrived on Google Play. Along with some minor fixes and performances improvements, the latest update adds customizable notification dots to the launcher. You can decide where on the app icon they will appear and how large they will be. And just like the real dots, Nova Launcher’s notification dots will match the color scheme of the app icon they appear on. It’s not an exact replica of the notification dots that will appear on Android O, but if you want to take a trial run of the new feature, this might be the best way to do so, other than downloading the Android O beta. Unfortunately, the Android beta is only available on certain phones, while Nova is universal. If you want to try out the latest version of the Nova Launcher, just opt in on Google Play and wait for the update to arrive on your phone or manually download the 5.2 beta from APKMirror. Trending right now: The Nintendo Switch game we’ve been dying for was finally just released Verizon may have just made the world’s most pointless thing New report reaffirms the iPhone 8’s most exciting new feature See the original version of this article on BGR.com Reblog Share Tweet Share What to Read Next Inventor of “Iron Man” jet suit beats his own speed record Yahoo Tech Cleans Better with Fewer Sheets* CharminSponsored How to install Android apps on your Windows computer, the easy way Digital Trends Microsoft's Xbox Game Pass will end your free time forever Yahoo Tech Google's autonomous car company is now testing out self-driving trucks Yahoo Tech An Insane Card Offering A 0% APR Until August 2018 NextAdvisorSponsored Uber posts $708 million loss and says finance head left Yahoo Tech New leak sheds light on Apple’s secretive ‘smart glasses’ project BGR News How the Microsoft Surface Pro compares to Apple's best Yahoo Tech 5 Most Rewarding Travel Card Offers NerdWalletSponsored Microsoft's Skype draws inspiration from Snapchat in big redesign Yahoo Tech How Washington is throwing away its shot at protecting your privacy Yahoo Tech Rumor claims Apple’s MacBook Air line is dead BGR News Wallet-worthy upgrade—Discover Cashback Match Discover CardSponsored Why Amazon let 4,000 dogs into its Seattle headquarters Yahoo Tech Mark Zuckerberg: The most important thing I built at Harvard Yahoo Tech Zuckerberg to Harvard grads: 'You have to create a sense of purpose for others' Yahoo Tech A Card Now Offering a $200 Bonus To New Customers NextAdvisorSponsored Foxconn insider drops avalanche of information about the iPhone 8, new MacBooks, Apple’s smart glasses and more BGR News No, your Apple computer isn't immune from ransomware Yahoo Tech The new Samsung Galaxy does 27 things the iPhone doesn't Yahoo Tech Small space, big style, right price. Pottery BarnSponsored The most important announcements from Google's big developers' conference Yahoo Tech Box office hits and misses: ‘Wonder Woman’ triumphs with record-setting weekend Digital Trends How to avoid the massive WannaCry ransomware attack Yahoo Tech If you own a computer you must try this game! Soldiers Inc.Sponsored A widely praised Supreme Court decision still doesn't fix the broken patent system Yahoo Tech
// IP Marketing video - START// IP Marketing video - END Information: Weather in Armenia Exchange rates RSS feeds: RSS (headlines) RSS (articles) RSS (interviews) More RSS feeds PanARMENIAN Photo: RSS (photowire) RSS (photoblog) USD482.12EUR540.94RUR8.50 Yerevan+13 ... +28 C Home All news World Foreign Policy & Diaspora Politics IT & Technology more... Society Economy Sport Arts & Showbiz Overview    News    Articles    Interviews  Calendar Invalid query Google's “Personal” tab filters out everything but your own content May 27, 2017 - 11:11 AMT PanARMENIAN.Net - Google has long surfaced personalized results from Gmail, Photos, and other services in Search when it is relevant to a query. There is now a new “Personal” tab (via Search Engine Roundtable) on the web and mobile to quickly see these results from your various Google apps, 9to5Google reports. “Personal” is the newest filter in Google Search that helps users fine-tune results by content type, like Images, News, Shopping, etc. Depending on the query, Google usually reorders the tabs to list the most relevant filters first. However, for the moment, it appears that the Personal tab is always the last item in the “More” menu. This is the case through multiple search terms that readily bring up Gmail and Calendar cards in the main “All” tab. The most common result that appears under Personal are messages from Gmail, with around 10 messages appearing in a card. Tapping one will immediately open the full message in a tab, with the option to load in Gmail. Results from Calendar and Photos work similarly, with the latter immediately opening up the image, with a “View all Google Photos results” link at the bottom of the card offering to perform a full search in Photos. Similar to the rest of Google Search, ads do appear in the Personal tab, but at the very bottom underneath cards and results on the web. The Personal tab appears to be widely rolled out, with users first seeing the filter yesterday. Available on the web and mobile, it does not appear in the Google app for Android. Related links: 9to5Google. Google Search adds ‘Personal’ filter/tab to only show results from Gmail, Photos, more  Top stories Modern Nokia 3310 now available to buy You’re not going to be downloading all the latest apps on this device, but it does include a fresh take on the classic Snake game. Tesla to make Autopilot 'smooth as silk' in June update CEO Elon Musk is hoping that the new software will also enable hands-free perpendicular parking and rain sensors. NASA plans emergency spacewalk on Int'l Space Station on May 23 The primary device failed on Saturday, leaving the ISS to depend on a backup system to route commands to its solar power system. Facebook, Messenger and Instagram testing cross-app notifications The pop-over cross-app switcher appears when some users tap the profile icon in the top corners of Facebook, Messenger or Instagram. Partner news Loading...  Articles For little painters Armenian startup creates coloring game for children  Most popular in the section Bitcoin hits record high of $1900 on Asian trading fever YouTube to make new original shows you can watch for free Musk thinks automated software will make Tesla worth as much as Apple Germany's Bosch “to supply motion sensors for Apple's iPhone 8” Home All news Overview: IT & Technology Archive for May 27, 2017 Other news in this section  Latest news Mogwai perform new album in full at secret Primavera show in Barcelona The Scottish group, who release their ninth full-length on September 1 via their own label Rock Action, announced they were performing on the day of the show. Lana Del Rey previews new song with A$AP Rocky Recently Lana Del Rey confirmed the release date of her new album “Lust For Life” as July 21. Residents shield Christians in bold exodus from Philippines city Christians have been killed and taken hostage by the militants, a mix of local fighters from the Maute Group and other Islamist outfits. 19 killed as series of blasts hits Afghan capital One of the most bloody weeks in Kabul for months began with the devastating truck bomb attack in the city's diplomatic zone. About us | Stats | Advertise with us | Terms of service | Privacy policy Copyright © 2000—2017. PanARMENIAN Network Content of this site is licensed under a Creative Commons License
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us ... [Update: False alert] Google says gifting in the Play Store is "Infeasible," marks it as "Won't Fix" in the Issue Tracker Rita El Khoury Follow View All Posts 2017/05/26 4:14am PDTMay 26, 2017 15 Plus 1 on G+ 67 Share on Facebook 45 Share on Twitter Total Shares127 Google News Update 1: 2017/05/26 5:03am PDT False alert. Issue was closed in 2013 because it was submitted to the wrong tracker. You know how almost every app or software store lets you buy apps and gift them to someone else? Well, you better put your dreams of ever doing that on Android to rest. Or burying them under 10 feet of disappointment. Someone at Google recently took a look at the Issue Tracker, saw the issue labeled "Implement Gifts within Android Market," which has been added back in 2010 when the Play Store was still the Android Market and which has gathered over 1100 stars and hundreds of comments from users requesting app gifting, and decided to be the bearer of bad news because you know what, this is "infeasible" and Google "won't fix" it. But the writing has been on the wall for a few days; we could have seen it coming if we had been playing closer attention. Credit gifting disappeared from the US Play Store on May 16, and then the support page for Google Play gift cards and promo codes was updated on May 17 to replace the "Google Play credit gifts" section with "Google Play book gifts." That change clearly shows that credit gifting was completely gone, not a glitch, and that from now on, you can only gift music and books, but definitely not credit. Above: Pre-May 17. Below: Current support page. Put 1 and 1 together and you understand that the future of gifting or buying someone credit on Google Play is grim. You better kill your dreams of purchasing apps/games for your friends or employees, gifting a niece or nephew some Play credit for new games educational apps, or encouraging your parents to use a certain app by buying it for them. I still can't wrap my head around the fact that Google, the behemoth that can make AI understand every word I say and predict the news I want to read and the traffic on my way to work, is saying that app gifting is "Infeasible" when other app stores have clearly managed to make it feasible. I'm sure there's a reason, but I can't think of any that would be unsurmountable for Google but not for others, or any that would apply to apps and games but not to books and music. The latter traditionally carry a lot more licensing and legislative limits than apps/games. As a consolation, you can turn to Google Play gift cards and Family Sharing in the countries where they're available to share or send apps and games to others. Update 1: 2017/05/26 5:03am PDT False alert. Issue was closed in 2013 because it was submitted to the wrong tracker. I apologize for the false alert. It looks like the issue was actually marked as "Infeasible" back in 2013 because it was posted to the wrong issue tracker and couldn't be fixed by the AOSP team but had to be submitted to the Google Product Forums instead. The issue has just picked up a lot of comments recently, which brought it to the attention of our tipster and thus our inbox, and with the recent disappearance of the Play credit gifting option, we incorrectly assumed there was a link there. What remains true though is that credit gifting is completely gone and you can only send music and books now. There's no proof that app/game gifting wouldn't make an appearance at some point, so I suppose there's a silver lining somewhere. End of Update Source: Issue Tracker Thanks: Zsolt Pinter Tags google play no app gifting no game gifting Play Gifts Play Store send credit subscribe ... Previous Story [It's about time] Android Wear 2.0 is now rolling out to the 2nd-generation Moto 360 ... Next Story Nova Launcher beta brings Android O's notification dots Trending 78 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 88 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 Comments Rawhi Mohammad That's my Google cadtek91 But can't you buy Books for people already? Rita El Khoury Yup, as shown in the screenshots, Books and Music gifting is available. But credit buying for others or gifting apps/games is now a dead dream. FaultException It was marked infeasible because it was on the wrong issue tracker, and it was back in 2013, not recently at all. See comment #108 on the issue where it was marked. Suicide_Note Not a big deal, really. demarcmj Agree. Low tech is better... https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/276e854598d2a91aa3a795a84e4ecbec4f4f587c8e3da3c55b968c90ad4ec402.jpg Kristian Ivanov https://gfycat.com/RevolvingEdibleCivet h4rr4r Totally wrong article actually. This issue tracker is not for the play store. Thomas Gladdines If I ever had to implement gifting apps I would make it an in app purchase and then simply show a 100% off coupon. Dirk Google's New Logo Leaked https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/d76f12396d72e618315517d469ee19d7f2a28065b296266f029594216b2e0728.png Taylor Hardy I get the job done from comfort of my property or home, through doing very simple activities which require from you a Computer system and connection to the web and I am more happy than ever before... After six months in this job opportunity and managed to get remunerated totally 36 thousand usd... Normally I acquire almost eighty bucks/h and work for 3 to 4 hrs daily.And tremendous factor regarding this task is the fact you can easily handle your time any time you do the job and for just how long as you may wish for and you earn a paycheck weekly........ learn by clicking here how to do it right now jirka maly Google incopetents are more obvious in 6 apps for communication: Allo, Duo, hangouts, messages, voice, G+ Sorry (not really), but Google is led by complete idiots absolutely without a proper tactic thinking Kristian Ivanov I was thinking of posting a really witty comment about this, but the disappointment level was so low that I kind'a don't feel it's worth the effort. Nicholas Conrad Witty comment status: won't fix. Kristian Ivanov It was going to be awesome though, it involved old people, polar bears and a skateboard...oh well, at some point in the future when this is in the news again I'll post it :c Daniel But there's a good reason for it, it's not just that Google is evil: https://issuetracker.google.com/issues/36916787#comment108 Status: Won't Fix (Infeasible) This report applies to a mobile Google application or service, and the issue tracker where you reported it specializes in issues within the Open Source source code of the Android platform. We are not able to provide support for Google products in this issue tracker. Please report this issue in the appropriate Google Product Forum at https://productforums.google.com/forum/#!forum/en/ God of chaos It all makes sense now! demarcmj Reading!?! What is this sorcery? Rita El Khoury Ugh... My ctrl+F skills failed me, I admit. Also my little knowledge of how the Issue Tracker works. I could see when or why it was marked as Infeasible so I incorrectly assumed it was now, when the comments flared up again. Nicholas Conrad Don't get down on yourself Rita, we all have days like this at work. Even knowing the premise of the article was mistaken, I'd rather read it again than another JRE video summary article. Rita El Khoury Thanks... I guess?! demarcmj The issue tracker is partly at fault. If you hover over the resolution in that side panel, the mouse turns to the finger like it's a link... but clicking on it doesn't do anything. You would think it would take you to the resolution post for more details. But nope. Rita El Khoury Exactly. I was thinking there's something wrong with Chrome or my connection and restarted it, but clicking wouldn't take me anywhere, so I was like... well, seems like this doesn't show an explanation. demarcmj Doesn't work in Firefox or IE either (haven't tried it in Edge, or whatever they're calling the Windows 10 browser). Do they have an issue tracker for the issue tracker? Mark R. Andrachek, Jr. No. But they might have a product forum. Which nobody at google will ever check, and some "community volunteer" will suggest your reboot your PC. Rita El Khoury Arghhhhh... You're right. Many of us here at AndroidPolice looked at this and we failed to see that it was marked as Infeasible in 2013. I'll edit the post to ad that info. In our defense, many of us at AP looked at this tip and thought the status change was new, especially with the way comments were flaring up on it in the past day and with all the changes to Google Play credit gifting. Daniel No problem! :) Thanks for adding the info FaultException It wasn't marked as infeasble recently, it was marked in 2013, because it's the wrong forum (the tracker is for AOSP/Android itself) See comment #108: https://issuetracker.google.com/issues/36916787#comment108 demarcmj Yup... and most of the comments since then are people bickering about not wanting to receive emails every time someone comments on the issue. Real productive thread they have going on over there [eyeroll] Zomby2D I'm guilty of contributing to the email pollution. I had the issue starred but I haven't been getting email notifications for the longest time from this. I don't even remember noticing that it had been closed all that time ago. I just started receiving notifications again last week and figured that the ticket being closed was the reason why people were suddenly complaining. Having the reason for closing it lost in the sea of comments didn't help. Rita El Khoury Right. Fixing the post to reflect that. Dennis Ulijn I can also see the fact that people buy 100 apps with a stolen credit card and sell them on the black market, like G2A or G2play. You talk about a lot of other stores doing this already, but the uplay and steam store have had a lot of problems with this and still have those problems, without a good way to combat it. Besides that, how will you solve the VAT system? Who pays? I can see how a lot of people want it, and of course i don't mind having the possibility, but there are more problems than 'just implement it'. Carson Saldanha I think it's due to security reasons but that sucks... h4rr4r Read the update! couldn't be fixed by the AOSP team but had to be submitted to the Google Product Forums instead. h4rr4r Good retraction, update! Rita El Khoury "because it was posted to the wrong issue tracker and couldn't be fixed by the AOSP team but had to be submitted to the Google Product Forums instead." Isn't that enough of an explanation? h4rr4r I was at first talking about just the update line. But on reading the full explanation I thought it was pretty good. Ideally the update line at the top would say something about why not when. Rita El Khoury That's an automatically truncated blurb that our WordPress theme does at the top. I'll manually change it to clarify that in a bit, I was just in a rush to update the post before we got more comments telling us how wrong we were. h4rr4r YAY! krazyfrog Apple has had App Store gifting for all content since years now and somehow it's "infeasible" for Google. 🙄 Rita El Khoury Refresh your page ;) Peter World Citizen I had seen people got fired for lesser mistakes. ;) Rita El Khoury We'd be firing half the AP team and Artem. Many of us looked at this and didn't notice. Guess the post I/O haziness hasn't dissipated yet. Mark R. Andrachek, Jr. Google's Issue Tracker recently got a re-vamp. They can control, I'm sure, what the closed states are for things in their own tracker. They really need to have a closed/won't fix state that indicates that the issue has been raised in the wrong venue going forward, if they want to keep the issue tracker limited to just AOSP. These kind of things keep coming up in the AOSP issue tracker and _will continue_ to come up in the AOSP tracker if nothing changes. They don't expose issue tracking for anything else. Finding these product forums at all, much less the right one, is an exercise in madness. And then when you do find them, they're typically staffed by unpaid community volunteers. Chances are high that nobody from Google will actually see your issue, much less respond. It's like shouting into the void. Funem They should just make it so you can purchase an item, then chose to install it or create a sort of promo code which you can then just give to someone to use. They could tie it in to the promo code system they have now. Until its claimed you could still retain the option to install it by using the code yourself. prwnd Dear Community, I suggested this and I apologise because I did not find it was changed in 2013. KrisDiss Insurmountable /EndOfRant. Follow Android Police 1.49M 472k 145k 119k Latest Deals 9 [Deal Alert] Chromecast Ultra is $59.99 ($10 off) at Google Store, Best Buy, B&H and others 2017/06/04 12:16pm PDTJun 4, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] Google Home is $109 ($20 off) at Best Buy, Google Store, B&H, and others 2017/06/04 10:07am PDTJun 4, 2017 12 [Deal Alert] Kick off the weekend with 24 temporarily free and 52 on-sale apps 2017/06/03 6:50pm PDTJun 3, 2017 18 [Deal Alert] Get a Nextbit Robin for $129.99 on eBay 2017/06/03 9:39am PDTJun 3, 2017 33 [Deal Alert] A Stork's Journey is currently free on Google Play Movies & TV 2017/06/01 10:50pm PDTJun 1, 2017 Latest Poll How many photos are on your Google Photos account? Under 100 100-999 1,000-2,499 2,500-4,999 5,000-9,999 10,000-19,999 20,000-39,999 More than 40,000. View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 67 Asus ZenFone 3 Zoom review: A promising phone that falls victim to bad software and cut corners 2017/05/31 2:21pm PDTMay 31, 2017 113 AOSPA (Paranoid Android) review: back from the dead, and we're thrilled 2017/05/31 9:47am PDTMay 31, 2017 29 Tag Heuer Connected Modular 45 review: It seems like $1,500 should get you more 2017/05/29 9:57am PDTMay 29, 2017 74 [Update, G+ Post] Francisco Franco makes his productivity timer 5217 free to try 2017/05/16 10:01am PDTMay 16, 2017 290 HTC U11 hands-on: HTC gets a little closer to the mark 2017/05/16 12:02am PDTMay 16, 2017 Latest Roundups 13 29 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/24/17 - 5/31/17) 2017/05/31 10:20am PDTMay 31, 2017 8 10 new and notable Android apps from the last week (5/23/17 - 5/29/17) 2017/05/29 12:49pm PDTMay 29, 2017 13 31 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/17/17 - 5/23/17) 2017/05/23 3:06pm PDTMay 23, 2017 16 12 new and notable Android apps and live wallpapers from the last week (5/16/17 - 5/22/17) 2017/05/22 12:48pm PDTMay 22, 2017 16 29 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/10/17 - 5/16/17) 2017/05/16 4:22pm PDTMay 16, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 19 Boost for Reddit removed from Play Store for alleged promotion of drugs, still not back after a week 2017/06/04 4:25pm PDTJun 4, 2017 114 Weekend poll: How many photos are synced to your Google Photos account? 2017/06/04 3:44pm PDTJun 4, 2017 28 Tasker beta v5 brings a fresh Material Design look and a huge list of other changes 2017/06/03 7:27pm PDTJun 3, 2017 12 [Deal Alert] Kick off the weekend with 24 temporarily free and 52 on-sale apps 2017/06/03 6:50pm PDTJun 3, 2017 76 Samsung uploads its Device Maintenance tool to the Play Store 2017/06/03 6:01pm PDTJun 3, 2017 Blast from the Past 60 1 Year Ago Today More Motorola Leaks: 'Style Mod' Replaceable Covers For The Moto X/Z And DROID Come In A Variety Of Materials 2016/06/04 12:27pm PDTJun 4, 2016 40 2 Years Ago Today Chrome Beta v44 Comes With Improvements To 'Native App' And 'Add To Homescreen' Banners, New Push API Features, And More [APK Download] 2015/06/04 5:14pm PDTJun 4, 2015 129 3 Years Ago Today YouTube v5.7 For Android Finally Lets You Select Exact Streaming Quality, As Long As It's 720p Or Lower [APK Download] 2014/06/04 6:16pm PDTJun 4, 2014 3 4 Years Ago Today Google Posts Glass XE6 Factory Image For Your Flashing Pleasure 2013/06/04 8:31pm PDTJun 4, 2013 16 5 Years Ago Today [Update: Pre-Orders Are Live] Sprint Announces The Galaxy S III Available June 21, Pre-Orders Start June 5 - $199 For 16GB, $249 For 32GB 2012/06/04 10:55pm PDTJun 4, 2012 327 6 Years Ago Today [Book Giveaway #2] Looking To Get Into Android Development? We're Giving Away "Hello, Android" To A Lucky Reader 2011/06/04 7:16pm PDTJun 4, 2011 2 7 Years Ago Today HTC EVO 4G OTA Update Comes Out In Time For Launch, Fixes SD Card Problems, Patches Security Issues, But Disables Root - Available Via WiFi As Well 2010/06/04 6:44pm PDTJun 4, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 35 It's not just you—there's a widespread Google Home outage 2017/06/04 12:04pm PDTJun 4, 2017 117 Weekend poll: How many photos are synced to your Google Photos account? 2017/06/04 3:44pm PDTJun 4, 2017 64 Samsung opens up its browser to some non-Samsung devices on the Play Store 2017/06/04 10:30am PDTJun 4, 2017 30 Motorola rolling out Android 7.1.1 to the Moto Z Play 2017/06/04 8:45am PDTJun 4, 2017 19 Boost for Reddit removed from Play Store for alleged promotion of drugs, still not back after a week 2017/06/04 4:25pm PDTJun 4, 2017 Last 7 Days 28 Google Photos v2.16 prepares to upgrade the camera shortcut, suggest photos to archive, and more [APK Teardown + Download] 2017/05/31 11:36pm PDTMay 31, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] Here are 38 temporarily free and 72 on-sale apps, plus both 0.10 Apps of the Week 2017/05/31 2:08pm PDTMay 31, 2017 501 [Update: New details plus Andy Rubin interview] The Essential phone is official, with an edge-to-edge display and the world's smallest 360-degree camera accessory 2017/05/30 7:48am PDTMay 30, 2017 76 Samsung uploads its Device Maintenance tool to the Play Store 2017/06/03 6:01pm PDTJun 3, 2017 24 Plex Live TV is now available for all Plex Pass subscribers, tuner required 2017/06/01 6:00am PDTJun 1, 2017 Last 30 Days 78 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 88 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 28 Google Photos v2.16 prepares to upgrade the camera shortcut, suggest photos to archive, and more [APK Teardown + Download] 2017/05/31 11:36pm PDTMay 31, 2017 94 The Play Store adopts new app and notification icons with v7.8.16 [APK Download] 2017/05/10 6:25pm PDTMay 10, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Advertise | Contact 119 queries | 0.346s | forge Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us ... Suggested Sharing is going live in Google Photos for some users Corbin Davenport Follow View All Posts 2017/05/25 5:30pm PDTMay 25, 2017 41 Plus 1 on G+ 118 Share on Facebook 77 Share on Twitter Total Shares236 Applications Google News Google Photos is ground zero for the company's crazy machine learning technology. At Google I/O 2017, a number of new features were announced for Photos, including suggested sharing based on who's in a certain photo. But for that to work, Google needs to figure out who is who, and now the Photos web app is asking users to identify what they look like. Upon visiting photos.google.com, you may be welcomed by the above screen. Google already uses machine learning wizardry to match faces to people, so all you have to do is select which face is yours. Once you do that, you'll be able to search for "me" in the Photos search to find pictures of yourself. According to a recent teardown, this option should appear at some point in the Photos app as well, but it didn't for me. Presumably, this will be far more useful once the other features announced at Google I/O show up. Let us know in the comments if you have received the pop-up. Tags face Google google+ photos photos subscribe ... Previous Story Android O feature spotlight: Dev options has new "Window animation scale" and "Force RTL layout ... ... Next Story Xiaomi announces the monstrous Mi Max 2 with a 6.44" screen, 5300mAh battery, and Nougat Trending 78 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 88 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 Comments Christopher Hickman Yep. I got the pop up just the other day. I can search for "me" in addition to others such as my daughter's name. John Doe I did but for some reason it shows a photo of me from over 6 years ago even though I have plenty of recent photos LoL Corbin Davenport Yep, my picture was an awful photo of me from several years ago. John Doe I was able to change it by going to people then clicking on the picture and even when you choose a picture with a lot of people in it figures out which one is you and zooms in...creepy bozzykid It doesn't matter what photo you choose of yourself. The rest are all linked to you anyways. This isn't replacing your profile pic. John Doe No but some photos it has not figured out its me or at least when I click on me it doesn't show all the pictures of me but it is good enough to find pictures of me when I was a child which is crazy because I changed a lot. Stakoman Is this US only? would be great if you guys made a "how to enable face recognition google photos" post Suicide_Note Use a US VPN to start using the face recognition. Once you get things setup, you can stop using the VPN, though face recognition should still work. rndusrnm479461 You can use a VPN (get tunnelbear cause it's free) for Android, then clear cache, open photos and enable grouping of faces in the settings. Then you can disable VPN. I did this about a year ago and I've had it ever since without any problem both on Android and on the web. bozzykid I believe it uses one of the firsts photos you have stored. It has already linked the rest to you anyways. Régis Knechtel Not always, apparently, cause it used a recent photo for me. I think it's random. Brendapdaniels Google is paying 97$ per hour! Work for few hours & have longer with friends and family! !sn150c: On tuesday I got a great new Land Rover Range Rover from having earned $8752 this last four weeks.. Its the most-financialy rewarding I've had.. Follow this link for more information !sn150c: ➽➽ ➽➽;➽➽ http://GoogleFinancialCashJobs450ShopFilesGetPaid$97/Hour... ★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫::::::!sn150c:....,....... LightofHonor Has been there for me for awhile. Useful since I can search multiple names and it shows all the pictures with those people in it. Defenestratus No. Régis Knechtel "his option should appear at some point in the Photos app as well" It asked to chose my face me today in the android app, while I was setting up a new phone. jcopernicus I accidentally closed the prompt...how to I get it back? Corbin Davenport On the web, go to Settings -> Group similar faces, and there should be an option to pick your face. Yatin No, I'm from India Drakenoid Yes, I'm also from India. Naga Sridhar I am from India too, but are you in India? myssi Pop-up recieved, I'm from Pakistan. Tomáš Petrík And I guess we will be left out in the EU, again :/ Indefinite Implosion I'm in NL and got it a few days ago? A day or two after the announcement maybe (crunch time, so days are a blur). I didn't tip because it doesn't do anything right now so hardly seems worthy of a post. roberto.elena Do you already have "group similar faces" activated? If yes, then you will get this update. Tomáš Petrík No, it is disabled for accounts registered in the EU due to some stupid privacy ruling of the EU. roberto.elena I know, but you can activate it using a VPN (or at least that was possible when they launched Google Photos). Once it's activated, you don't need the VPN anymore, and you get all updates related to face recognition features. Nelson Not correct. I'm in Europe and by using Opera VPN plus Google Photos cache clear the feature appeared Amir Instead of copying and pasting your Debbie Downer response on every single comment, go try it with a VPN. Gosh! Tomáš Petrík I don't know who Debbie Downer is and I posted a similar response only due to the fact that I want to react to multiple people and I want them all to get a notification so that they know somebody replied to their post. Suicide_Note Use a US VPN and you can join the party. Tomáš Petrík It's not about VPN this time. Accounts registered in the EU have facial recognition disabled due to some stupid privacy ruling of the EU. Jens Törnblad That's why you activate the feature with a VPN. Suicide_Note Ah, okay. I wasn't aware of that. Definitely sucks. Mr K Nope. I cleaned data from Google Photos and force closed, activated Tunnelbear (it's free for 500MB but you won't use more than 50) in the US and opened Photos. Configured everything (make sure face recognition" is activated in settings) and everything works fine. I just got the notification in Photos for web about this new feature. And you can of course uninstall the VPN when everything is set up. rndusrnm479461 Get tunnelbear for Android. Choose a US vpn. Clear Google Photos cache -> open it -> enable grouping of faces in the settings. You only have to do this once. I did it a year ago and it has worked ever since on all my devices. Tomáš Petrík It's not about VPN this time, though. Accounts registered in the EU have facial recognition disabled due to some stupid privacy ruling of the EU. rndusrnm479461 Really? I registered mine in EU in ~2008 and activated face grouping in early 2016 without problems. henleyb I got it a day or two ago. Was an old photo but searching for 'me' did bring up correct photos for me so that's something. Looking forward to the sharing stuff next. :) Suicide_Note Haven't seen this popup yet, but on a related note, photo books have gone live for me in the Photos app. Taylor Hardy I work from ease of my residence, with the help of easy jobs that merely usually requires from you a Computer system and even on-line connection and I am also more successful than ever before... After six months time in this work and i got paid in total Thirty six Thousand us dollars... Basically I acquire nearly 80 bucks/hour and also work for 3 to 4 hours time day by day.And stunning thing with this work is that you can also control time while you work and for how long as you may like and you earn a check in one week.>>>> learn by clicking here how to do it right now Fresh360 My coworker purchased an iPhone 7+ yesterday and I was setting up her apps and when I installed Photos this option actually popped up. I immediately went to my S7 to see did I have it and nothing. Joao Letelier Ummm... I have been able to search for "me" since last year on the photos app on my phone. https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/6ec05347bcd3f095b697a97df58508cf28a8d34b7fc289baa308796bc81cf2b3.jpg Deeco Skynet. slowly, but surely... JMS I had this pop-up. Problem is I'm an identical twin and it had the pictures of my brother tagged as me. Follow Android Police 1.49M 472k 145k 119k Latest Deals 9 [Deal Alert] Chromecast Ultra is $59.99 ($10 off) at Google Store, Best Buy, B&H and others 2017/06/04 12:16pm PDTJun 4, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] Google Home is $109 ($20 off) at Best Buy, Google Store, B&H, and others 2017/06/04 10:07am PDTJun 4, 2017 12 [Deal Alert] Kick off the weekend with 24 temporarily free and 52 on-sale apps 2017/06/03 6:50pm PDTJun 3, 2017 18 [Deal Alert] Get a Nextbit Robin for $129.99 on eBay 2017/06/03 9:39am PDTJun 3, 2017 33 [Deal Alert] A Stork's Journey is currently free on Google Play Movies & TV 2017/06/01 10:50pm PDTJun 1, 2017 Latest Poll How many photos are on your Google Photos account? Under 100 100-999 1,000-2,499 2,500-4,999 5,000-9,999 10,000-19,999 20,000-39,999 More than 40,000. View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 67 Asus ZenFone 3 Zoom review: A promising phone that falls victim to bad software and cut corners 2017/05/31 2:21pm PDTMay 31, 2017 113 AOSPA (Paranoid Android) review: back from the dead, and we're thrilled 2017/05/31 9:47am PDTMay 31, 2017 29 Tag Heuer Connected Modular 45 review: It seems like $1,500 should get you more 2017/05/29 9:57am PDTMay 29, 2017 74 [Update, G+ Post] Francisco Franco makes his productivity timer 5217 free to try 2017/05/16 10:01am PDTMay 16, 2017 290 HTC U11 hands-on: HTC gets a little closer to the mark 2017/05/16 12:02am PDTMay 16, 2017 Latest Roundups 13 29 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/24/17 - 5/31/17) 2017/05/31 10:20am PDTMay 31, 2017 8 10 new and notable Android apps from the last week (5/23/17 - 5/29/17) 2017/05/29 12:49pm PDTMay 29, 2017 13 31 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/17/17 - 5/23/17) 2017/05/23 3:06pm PDTMay 23, 2017 16 12 new and notable Android apps and live wallpapers from the last week (5/16/17 - 5/22/17) 2017/05/22 12:48pm PDTMay 22, 2017 16 29 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/10/17 - 5/16/17) 2017/05/16 4:22pm PDTMay 16, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 18 Boost for Reddit removed from Play Store for alleged promotion of drugs, still not back after a week 2017/06/04 4:25pm PDTJun 4, 2017 112 Weekend poll: How many photos are synced to your Google Photos account? 2017/06/04 3:44pm PDTJun 4, 2017 28 Tasker beta v5 brings a fresh Material Design look and a huge list of other changes 2017/06/03 7:27pm PDTJun 3, 2017 12 [Deal Alert] Kick off the weekend with 24 temporarily free and 52 on-sale apps 2017/06/03 6:50pm PDTJun 3, 2017 76 Samsung uploads its Device Maintenance tool to the Play Store 2017/06/03 6:01pm PDTJun 3, 2017 Blast from the Past 60 1 Year Ago Today More Motorola Leaks: 'Style Mod' Replaceable Covers For The Moto X/Z And DROID Come In A Variety Of Materials 2016/06/04 12:27pm PDTJun 4, 2016 40 2 Years Ago Today Chrome Beta v44 Comes With Improvements To 'Native App' And 'Add To Homescreen' Banners, New Push API Features, And More [APK Download] 2015/06/04 5:14pm PDTJun 4, 2015 129 3 Years Ago Today YouTube v5.7 For Android Finally Lets You Select Exact Streaming Quality, As Long As It's 720p Or Lower [APK Download] 2014/06/04 6:16pm PDTJun 4, 2014 3 4 Years Ago Today Google Posts Glass XE6 Factory Image For Your Flashing Pleasure 2013/06/04 8:31pm PDTJun 4, 2013 16 5 Years Ago Today [Update: Pre-Orders Are Live] Sprint Announces The Galaxy S III Available June 21, Pre-Orders Start June 5 - $199 For 16GB, $249 For 32GB 2012/06/04 10:55pm PDTJun 4, 2012 327 6 Years Ago Today [Book Giveaway #2] Looking To Get Into Android Development? We're Giving Away "Hello, Android" To A Lucky Reader 2011/06/04 7:16pm PDTJun 4, 2011 2 7 Years Ago Today HTC EVO 4G OTA Update Comes Out In Time For Launch, Fixes SD Card Problems, Patches Security Issues, But Disables Root - Available Via WiFi As Well 2010/06/04 6:44pm PDTJun 4, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 112 Weekend poll: How many photos are synced to your Google Photos account? 2017/06/04 3:44pm PDTJun 4, 2017 35 It's not just you—there's a widespread Google Home outage 2017/06/04 12:04pm PDTJun 4, 2017 61 Samsung opens up its browser to some non-Samsung devices on the Play Store 2017/06/04 10:30am PDTJun 4, 2017 29 Motorola rolling out Android 7.1.1 to the Moto Z Play 2017/06/04 8:45am PDTJun 4, 2017 18 Boost for Reddit removed from Play Store for alleged promotion of drugs, still not back after a week 2017/06/04 4:25pm PDTJun 4, 2017 Last 7 Days 28 Google Photos v2.16 prepares to upgrade the camera shortcut, suggest photos to archive, and more [APK Teardown + Download] 2017/05/31 11:36pm PDTMay 31, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] Here are 38 temporarily free and 72 on-sale apps, plus both 0.10 Apps of the Week 2017/05/31 2:08pm PDTMay 31, 2017 501 [Update: New details plus Andy Rubin interview] The Essential phone is official, with an edge-to-edge display and the world's smallest 360-degree camera accessory 2017/05/30 7:48am PDTMay 30, 2017 76 Samsung uploads its Device Maintenance tool to the Play Store 2017/06/03 6:01pm PDTJun 3, 2017 24 Plex Live TV is now available for all Plex Pass subscribers, tuner required 2017/06/01 6:00am PDTJun 1, 2017 Last 30 Days 78 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 88 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 28 Google Photos v2.16 prepares to upgrade the camera shortcut, suggest photos to archive, and more [APK Teardown + Download] 2017/05/31 11:36pm PDTMay 31, 2017 94 The Play Store adopts new app and notification icons with v7.8.16 [APK Download] 2017/05/10 6:25pm PDTMay 10, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Advertise | Contact 114 queries | 0.593s | hive Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
Skip to main content SIGN IN | REGISTER WEBINARS SOCIAL NETWORKS Facebook Releases Data on Mother's Day Usage Trends [Infographic] Facebook’s Mission To Own The Internet – Which App Will It Take Down Next? 5 New Facebook Updates and Tests Spotted This Week 3 Social Media Hacks that will Help You Land a Job Twitter Adds Secondary 'Requests' Inbox for DMs Facebook Releases New 'Topics to Watch' Report Based on Trending Mentions [Infographic] How to Improve Your Discoverability on LinkedIn Through Skills and Endorsements Facebook Remains the Dominant Social Platform [Infographic] Secrets to Instagram Branded Content [Podcast] Facebook Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest Twitter MARKETING 5 Key Social Media Metrics to Measure 4 Key Steps in Developing a Company Mission (and Why You Need to) Google’s Building an Ad Blocker into Chrome – A Big Step Towards Regulating Online Ad Content 5 Ways to Optimize Your Facebook Videos for Mobile Viewing Why Your Blog Isn't Enough [Infographic] Which Video Platform is Best: Youtube, Wistia or Vimeo? The Key Elements of a Brand Style Guide (and Why You Need One) Growth Hacking for eCommerce: 17 Tactics You Can Try Next Month Google’s Launched a New Data Visualization Tool, With GIFs as a Presentation Option Advertising Content Marketing Ecommerce Influence ROI TECHNOLOGY & DATA 15 Free Tools to Help Track and Improve SEO Performance [Infographic] How Speed Affects Your Website [Infographic] Mary Meeker Internet Trends Report 2017 – The Outlook for Social and Digital Marketing Privacy Shield and the Impact of Data Transparency and Security for Social Media Professionals The Top U.S. Media Publishers on Social Media - April 2017 Google Unveils Next Generation Products at Google I/O Event 4 Tools for Garnering More Social Media Engagement How to Convert Your Website from HTTP to HTTPS - a Step-by-Step Guide Why Virtual Reality will Never be the Future of Marketing and Advertising Analytics Big Data Marketing Automation Security Social Tools Tech and Innovation SOCIAL BUSINESS Instagram Influencer Rates and Engagement [Infographic] How Instagram Stories Could Change Commerce As We Know It Skype Adds Snapchat-Like Features to Keep Up with Messaging Trends How to Get Your First 1,000 Followers on Instagram [Infographic] Facebook's Adding New Click to Messenger Ads in Instagram How to Build a Community Around Your Business with Facebook Groups [Infographic] Twitter Releases Major Events Calendar for June to Help Strategic Planning 12 of the Best Social Media Monitoring Tools to Consider 5 Ways to Repurpose Your Top Social Media Posts and Updates Community Customer Service Employee Advocacy Leadership Small Business Social Organization EVENT NEWSLETTER MY SMT Connect with us: Explore more:  content content creation gifs data visualization Google’s Launched a New Data Visualization Tool, With GIFs as a Presentation Option May 26, 2017 Andrew Hutchinson Here’s an interesting one – Google has announced a new data visualization tool to help content creators showcase insights in a new way. As you can see, the new tool enables you to create a GIF using any data points – Google suggests you can use Google Trends data, but the actual input is manual, so you can use any data you want. You fill in the relevant fields, select the colors for each point, enter in a title, then press ‘Launch Comparisons’ and you'll get a sample of your new GIF, like this. The GIF option provides you with an interesting way to present relevant data – you have to experiment with it a bit to get it exactly how you’d like (note the full title is cut off in the Twitter listing in my example), but it’s an interesting option, especially for those looking for new ways to highlight such insights. As you may have noticed, content creators love to add in Google Trends data to underpin their points - though it can sometimes lead to come misleading stats. Here’s an example (as highlighted by Danny Page in his excellent Medium post on the subject), when the Brexit vote was completed, and the subsequent confusion was in full swing, Google Trends published this tweet: "What is the EU?" is the second top UK question on the EU since the #EURefResults were officially announced pic.twitter.com/1q4VAX3qcm — GoogleTrends (@GoogleTrends) June 24, 2016 Which lead to this article in The Washington Post. But as Page points out, their definition of ‘frantic’ may not quite be accurate – when you put that increased search volume in context, matched against other trends, you can see that while the volume had increased, it wasn't getting massive attention. As such, it’s important to put the data in context – but when used well, Google Trends can provide some great visualizations and data accompaniments, which is what Google’s looking to help boost with their new data tool. GIFs can also help boost content engagement – on Twitter, for example, Tweets with GIFs generate 6X more engagement than basic text updates. It’s a small addition, sure, but an interesting one – an easy to use data visualization tools which you can use in your content.  Author Information Andrew Hutchinson @adhutchinson Sign up for the Social Media Today newsletter You'll get a daily email with the latest news, lessons, and insights on: Social Media Marketing Digital Strategy and more Yes, I'd like to receive Marketing Dive's daily newsletter as well. Preview   Related Items 5 Ways to Repurpose Your Top Social Media Posts and Updates Are Keywords Still Important in 2017? Leading Marketers Discuss Emerging Trends in Video Content [Video] Join The Conversation SIGN IN | REGISTER TO COMMENT Learn More Get Our Newsletter Download White Papers View Latest Infographics Read Marketing News Webinars On Demand How To Build an Engagement-Driven Demand Gen Strategy in 2017 May 09, 2017 With all of the technologies available to marketers today, have we lost that personal touch? Join VP of Content Marketing for ON24, Mark Bornste... Agile Marketing 101 April 05, 2017 In the ever-changing world of digital marketing, operational efficiency, quick turn-around times, testing and adapting to change are crucial to... Whitepapers How to Create Video at the Speed of Social: 6 Ways to Get Video Produced Faster Video is expected to account for three-quarters of all mobile traffic by 2020.  But, creating powerful, effective video requires a significa... Leveraging Psychology in Digital Marketing Marketers are constantly seeking to engage with their buyers and drive actions that help buyers move rapidly through their customer lifecycl... Contact Us If you have an editorial inquiry, please contact us at socialmediatoday@socialmediatoday.com If you have a technical question, please contact us at support_team@socialmediatoday.com For all other inquiries, please see our CONTACT PAGE About Us Contribute Advertise/Sponsor Privacy Policy Terms of Use DMCA Takedown Policy Connect With SMT Twitter Linkedin Facebook Newsletter Google + Pinterest YouTube RSS Feed ©2016 socialmediatoday.com All rights reserved
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us ... [Update: Now $75 Off] Deal Alert: Pixel 32GB (international version) is $50 off on eBay Scott Scrivens View All Posts 2017/05/26 2:20pm PDTMay 26, 2017 2 Plus 1 on G+ 53 Share on Facebook 57 Share on Twitter Total Shares112 Deals News Pixel Update 1: 2017/05/26 2:32pm PDT It looks like the price has dropped another $25, making this a $75 savings in total. For a device that hasn't seen much in the way of price drops or It's no secret that Google has had some serious supply issues with its flagship Pixel phone. That goes for pretty much any combination of size, color, or storage. Rumors even began to surface alleging that Google had stopped production of the devices altogether. That wasn't the case, but nonetheless, you will still struggle to actually find the Pixel if you wish to buy it. A 32GB Pixel (international version) on eBay for $50 off the list price could be the answer to that problem. This is the entry level 5" Pixel, with 32GB of storage in the color Very Silver - and it's available for $599. That's $50 less than the $649 Google is still charging for it. Beware though, this is the international version of the device. So if you live in the US you'll have to check the bands to see if it works on your network. This version won't play nice with Verizon or Sprint, so if you're on either of those carriers you can rule this out. If you live outside the US then this is definitely for you. Shipping appears to be free in the US, but here in the UK, it's $18.99. That still works out a bargain for me, especially if you account for the exchange rate. You'll have to do the sums from where you are to see if the deal is as good for you. It's worth mentioning that getting your warranty honored might be tough with this type of purchase, so bear that in mind. It's hard to say how many of these they have, other than a "limited quantity," so you'll have to be quick if you want to get your hands on arguably the best Android phone of 2016. Update 1: 2017/05/26 2:32pm PDT It looks like the price has dropped another $25, making this a $75 savings in total. For a device that hasn't seen much in the way of price drops or sales since launch, $75 off isn't bad. Anyone interested in a Pixel that uses a network compatible with this international model should give it a serious think. End of Update Source: eBay Thanks: Moshe Tags deal eBay Google pixel subscribe ... Previous Story Google is now offering four free months of Google Play Music for new subscribers ... Next Story The Android app for ASUS' upcoming Lyra mesh Wi-Fi network system is already available Trending 78 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 88 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 Comments Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ Let me know when it's $100 with a free year of Amazon Prime. Then I'll get one. shamatuu that will never happen james fuston Looks like we found the one guy still using a Fire Phone. Middlefinger As a back up phone yeah, its not reliable enough to be a daily driver. Its problems seem to be a mixture of hardware bugs, and Googles poor software QC. me me "bargain" JL "buggy" Gladysrcrosby Managing director of Google!, is explaining to users to start off "Work at home" method, that People have been doing for about one year now. These days alone, I generated close to $36,000 until now with no more than my home computer as well as some spare time, despite that i have a fulltime 9 to 5 job. Even everyone not used to this, can make $89/per h easily and the earnings can go even higher over time... This is how i started !so184c: ➽➽ ➽➽;➽➽ http://GoogleFinancialCashJobs474MarketConsultantGetPaid$97/Hour... ★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫::::::!so184c:....,.... abc "bezel" Master Yates After handling a S8, OMG those Bezels. Max Johnson "blacklisted" Taylor Hardy I work from convenience of my residence, via hassle-free tasks which only needs only from you a Laptop in addition to on-line connection and I am just more successful than ever before... After six months with this work and therefore managed to get paid in total 36 thousand dollars... Mainly I make close to 80 bucks/h and work for 3 to 4 hours time daily.And fantastic point regarding this work is that you can easily arrange time period whenever you get the job done and for how long as you may wish for and you achieve a check each week.----->>>> learn by clicking here how to do it right now Middlefinger Even at $99 its not worth the bugs. It doesnt matter how 'high end' a device is, if it doesn't work properly, its worthless. jonzey231 $50 is worth a guarantee that Google will honor the warranty....trust me...I wish I would've gotten my 6P direct. Andy What do you mean? jonzey231 If you don't buy the phone from Google, they won't help you. They send you to the manufacturer. I was forced to go to Huawei for my 6P and it was a little over 3 weeks before I got it back....and the problem is still there. Spend the extra $50 and buy it through Google so you're guaranteed to get support through their CS channels. You'll be glad you did in 6 months when something inevitably goes wrong. IMHO get the OnePlus 3T. Costs less but has better overall specs aside from the camera which is still pretty good in its own right. My brother has one and my roommate just got his last week and they both have no intention of going back to a major brand ever again. YaKillaCJ Same happened when I got the OnePlus One. It changed the way I (and many others) view a "budget" device from an unknown brand. needa I felt the same way after using an OPO for nearly three years. Got me an XL in mint condition for $450. Google edition even. Still had 3520 mAh in the batt too. Would have bought the black 3T had they been in stock. Took me three days to hunt down this deal. Andy Got my wife the pixel. Runs great. Just had the microphone problem. Google swapped without question. Wife seems to think it takes horrible selfies. Rod Weird, as it's cameras are regarded among the best currently. Random! @andy maybe you should let her know that the camera isn't the problem... It's actually her face. If you do warn her about this, I promise to visit you at the hospital. Andy Thanks for the tip. VAVAMk_2 Huzzah! Master Yates Agreed with you regarding the 3T. Lets see if the excellent updates and support evaporate when the One Plus 5 is released? That's the real test. IcerC Except in this case Google is the Manufacturer, that might change things. VAVAMk_2 Google didn't make the camera. Uses a Sony made sensor but the camera software is Google's and regarded among the best in post processing, particularly HDR. Roy Ahh so nice call me when the 1+2 will get Nougat and your friend will get or never get Android O. ddevito #Fail Andy S8 release response? AdMoc Does not ship to Poland as fck always -_- Random! Look for some service like Shipito. I believe they have an EU warehouse. Shakil Shaikh $60 shipping? kristin ANY Pixel made by google is compatible with any provider. It doesnt matter if its international or not. This writer is an odiot. Scott Scrivens https://www.techwalls.com/google-pixel-pixel-xl-model-number-differences/ Kevin Davis "Odiot", lmao. 😂 Oh, and you're wrong, too. kristin I called google about this. It would be up your phone company provider whether it worked or not. So it may not work with att or tmobile either. kristin This may or may not work on any provider. Its up to the provider. You want a pixel? Go to swappa.com and get one used in mint condition for much cheaper. Ive gotten a few phones from them since ive been on project fi and had no issues. Ill never buy a new phone again. Random! $50 off? How cute... If they get to $300 off ($350 final price) within a month, I might even convince myself it's worth to stare at those bezels everyday. Other than that (impossible) scenario, I'd rather get the 3T, Axon 7, or even the LG G5. Gjorgi Lazarovski The Pixel is probably not dropping in price anytime soon. iKon The most overrated smartphone of 2016. Only the camera is decent. Ugly ass design, overpriced and dull with no features compared to competition Roy You mean the best smartphone of 2016, best camera rare band front, best software, best updates. Great battery, great display. xyz No, he means "The most overrated smartphone of 2016. Only the camera is decent. Ugly ass design, overpriced and dull with no features compared to competition." Roy No, I'm sure he/she means "the best smartphone of 2016, best camera rare band front, best software, best updates. Great battery, great display". iKon No I meant what I said. The pixel is a flop and even Google knows it. No matter how much money they put into advertising there are alot of better choices out there.. only hard core Google fanboys try and big it up Roy Yes yada yada and still every reviewer said is the best smartphone of 2016. So.. even David here. In the on of the day it's a lots about the UI and I just don't like Samsung software. Ordeith LOL. You're such a Google sycophant, Roy. Roy You feeling really smart? I'm Imagine your ass all over your face. nirmitlamed Google is so off track in figuring out what customers wants and competing against the other monstrous companies. I would very much like to hear how many Pixels Google sold in the last year since they told us they sold more than they expected. Lawrence I can put my coffee cup on the Bezel David Nowicki I'm a big Nexus fan, but why would you pay $749 for the Pixel XL vs the OnePlus 3T at about half the price ? And soon the OnePlus 5 at $450 or so with S8+ specs will be a steal compared to the Pixel 4Ui812 Supply and demand. Limit the supply and you increase demand. It's like P.T. Barnum said , "There's a sucker born every minute". Follow Android Police 1.49M 472k 145k 119k Latest Deals 9 [Deal Alert] Chromecast Ultra is $59.99 ($10 off) at Google Store, Best Buy, B&H and others 2017/06/04 12:16pm PDTJun 4, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] Google Home is $109 ($20 off) at Best Buy, Google Store, B&H, and others 2017/06/04 10:07am PDTJun 4, 2017 12 [Deal Alert] Kick off the weekend with 24 temporarily free and 52 on-sale apps 2017/06/03 6:50pm PDTJun 3, 2017 18 [Deal Alert] Get a Nextbit Robin for $129.99 on eBay 2017/06/03 9:39am PDTJun 3, 2017 33 [Deal Alert] A Stork's Journey is currently free on Google Play Movies & TV 2017/06/01 10:50pm PDTJun 1, 2017 Latest Poll How many photos are on your Google Photos account? Under 100 100-999 1,000-2,499 2,500-4,999 5,000-9,999 10,000-19,999 20,000-39,999 More than 40,000. View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 67 Asus ZenFone 3 Zoom review: A promising phone that falls victim to bad software and cut corners 2017/05/31 2:21pm PDTMay 31, 2017 113 AOSPA (Paranoid Android) review: back from the dead, and we're thrilled 2017/05/31 9:47am PDTMay 31, 2017 29 Tag Heuer Connected Modular 45 review: It seems like $1,500 should get you more 2017/05/29 9:57am PDTMay 29, 2017 74 [Update, G+ Post] Francisco Franco makes his productivity timer 5217 free to try 2017/05/16 10:01am PDTMay 16, 2017 290 HTC U11 hands-on: HTC gets a little closer to the mark 2017/05/16 12:02am PDTMay 16, 2017 Latest Roundups 13 29 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/24/17 - 5/31/17) 2017/05/31 10:20am PDTMay 31, 2017 8 10 new and notable Android apps from the last week (5/23/17 - 5/29/17) 2017/05/29 12:49pm PDTMay 29, 2017 13 31 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/17/17 - 5/23/17) 2017/05/23 3:06pm PDTMay 23, 2017 16 12 new and notable Android apps and live wallpapers from the last week (5/16/17 - 5/22/17) 2017/05/22 12:48pm PDTMay 22, 2017 16 29 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/10/17 - 5/16/17) 2017/05/16 4:22pm PDTMay 16, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 18 Boost for Reddit removed from Play Store for alleged promotion of drugs, still not back after a week 2017/06/04 4:25pm PDTJun 4, 2017 112 Weekend poll: How many photos are synced to your Google Photos account? 2017/06/04 3:44pm PDTJun 4, 2017 28 Tasker beta v5 brings a fresh Material Design look and a huge list of other changes 2017/06/03 7:27pm PDTJun 3, 2017 12 [Deal Alert] Kick off the weekend with 24 temporarily free and 52 on-sale apps 2017/06/03 6:50pm PDTJun 3, 2017 76 Samsung uploads its Device Maintenance tool to the Play Store 2017/06/03 6:01pm PDTJun 3, 2017 Blast from the Past 60 1 Year Ago Today More Motorola Leaks: 'Style Mod' Replaceable Covers For The Moto X/Z And DROID Come In A Variety Of Materials 2016/06/04 12:27pm PDTJun 4, 2016 40 2 Years Ago Today Chrome Beta v44 Comes With Improvements To 'Native App' And 'Add To Homescreen' Banners, New Push API Features, And More [APK Download] 2015/06/04 5:14pm PDTJun 4, 2015 129 3 Years Ago Today YouTube v5.7 For Android Finally Lets You Select Exact Streaming Quality, As Long As It's 720p Or Lower [APK Download] 2014/06/04 6:16pm PDTJun 4, 2014 3 4 Years Ago Today Google Posts Glass XE6 Factory Image For Your Flashing Pleasure 2013/06/04 8:31pm PDTJun 4, 2013 16 5 Years Ago Today [Update: Pre-Orders Are Live] Sprint Announces The Galaxy S III Available June 21, Pre-Orders Start June 5 - $199 For 16GB, $249 For 32GB 2012/06/04 10:55pm PDTJun 4, 2012 327 6 Years Ago Today [Book Giveaway #2] Looking To Get Into Android Development? We're Giving Away "Hello, Android" To A Lucky Reader 2011/06/04 7:16pm PDTJun 4, 2011 2 7 Years Ago Today HTC EVO 4G OTA Update Comes Out In Time For Launch, Fixes SD Card Problems, Patches Security Issues, But Disables Root - Available Via WiFi As Well 2010/06/04 6:44pm PDTJun 4, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 112 Weekend poll: How many photos are synced to your Google Photos account? 2017/06/04 3:44pm PDTJun 4, 2017 35 It's not just you—there's a widespread Google Home outage 2017/06/04 12:04pm PDTJun 4, 2017 61 Samsung opens up its browser to some non-Samsung devices on the Play Store 2017/06/04 10:30am PDTJun 4, 2017 29 Motorola rolling out Android 7.1.1 to the Moto Z Play 2017/06/04 8:45am PDTJun 4, 2017 18 Boost for Reddit removed from Play Store for alleged promotion of drugs, still not back after a week 2017/06/04 4:25pm PDTJun 4, 2017 Last 7 Days 28 Google Photos v2.16 prepares to upgrade the camera shortcut, suggest photos to archive, and more [APK Teardown + Download] 2017/05/31 11:36pm PDTMay 31, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] Here are 38 temporarily free and 72 on-sale apps, plus both 0.10 Apps of the Week 2017/05/31 2:08pm PDTMay 31, 2017 501 [Update: New details plus Andy Rubin interview] The Essential phone is official, with an edge-to-edge display and the world's smallest 360-degree camera accessory 2017/05/30 7:48am PDTMay 30, 2017 76 Samsung uploads its Device Maintenance tool to the Play Store 2017/06/03 6:01pm PDTJun 3, 2017 24 Plex Live TV is now available for all Plex Pass subscribers, tuner required 2017/06/01 6:00am PDTJun 1, 2017 Last 30 Days 78 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 88 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 28 Google Photos v2.16 prepares to upgrade the camera shortcut, suggest photos to archive, and more [APK Teardown + Download] 2017/05/31 11:36pm PDTMay 31, 2017 94 The Play Store adopts new app and notification icons with v7.8.16 [APK Download] 2017/05/10 6:25pm PDTMay 10, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Advertise | Contact 117 queries | 0.413s | nexus2 Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
Home Latest News Nation World Business Cities Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Technology Opinion Education Photos Videos Explained Good News Trending Astrology Photo News Today’s Paper See More See Less Search for:   Nation World Cities Opinion Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Technology Viral Photos Videos Blogs ePaper Latest News India dodge rain, crush Pakistan in insipid opener Indian Army to open doors to women in combat roles: General Bipin Rawat Rajiv Gandhi’s statue damaged, Congress declares protest School principal held in Bihar topper case Day two of NIA raids: Hurriyat leader, businessmen’s homes searched London Bridge terror attack live updates: Vehicle rampage in one area, stabbing in Borough market, 7 feared dead Germany will allow protests at G20: Answer is in conversation Mamata Banerjee pens song for West Bengal, designs ‘unique’ state emblem A little fact-check of Honourable Judge’s cow order in Rajasthan My target is to create 5 crore jobs in the future, and add 3 per cent to the nation’s GDP: Nitin Gadkari Home Technology Tech News Apple said to plan dedicated chip to power AI on devices Apple said to plan dedicated chip to power AI on devices Apple is working on a processor devoted specifically to AI-related tasks, according to a person familiar with the matter. By: Bloomberg | Published:May 27, 2017 1:02 pm Apple is working on a processor devoted specifically to AI-related tasks, according to a person familiar with the matter. Related News Apple WWDC 2017 keynote: What time is livestream, how to watch and everything else to note Apple WWDC 2017: Look for signs when Tim Cook takes the stage Apple WWDC 2017: iOS 11 to Siri speaker, everything to be announced Apple Inc. got an early start in artificial intelligence software with the 2011 introduction of Siri, a tool that lets users operate their smartphones with voice commands. Now the electronics giant is bringing artificial intelligence to chips. Apple is working on a processor devoted specifically to AI-related tasks, according to a person familiar with the matter. The chip, known internally as the Apple Neural Engine, would improve the way the company’s devices handle tasks that would otherwise require human intelligence — such as facial recognition and speech recognition, said the person, who requested anonymity discussing a product that hasn’t been made public. Apple declined to comment. Engineers at Apple are racing to catch their peers at Amazon.com Inc. and Alphabet Inc. in the booming field of artificial intelligence. While Siri gave Apple an early advantage in voice-recognition, competitors have since been more aggressive in deploying AI across their product lines, including Amazon’s Echo and Google’s Home digital assistants. An AI-enabled processor would help Cupertino, California-based Apple integrate more advanced capabilities into devices, particularly cars that drive themselves and gadgets that run augmented reality, the technology that superimposes graphics and other information onto a person’s view of the world. “Two of the areas that Apple is betting its future on require AI,” said Gene Munster, former Apple analyst and co-founder of venture capital firm Loup Ventures. “At the core of augmented reality and self-driving cars is artificial intelligence.” Improved Performance Apple devices currently handle complex artificial intelligence processes with two different chips: the main processor and the graphics chip. The new chip would let Apple offload those tasks onto a dedicated module designed specifically for demanding artificial intelligence processing, allowing Apple to improve battery performance. Should Apple bring the chip out of testing and development, it would follow other semiconductor makers that have already introduced dedicated AI chips. Qualcomm Inc.’s latest Snapdragon chip for smartphones has a module for handling artificial intelligence tasks, while Google announced its first chip, called the Tensor Processing Unit (TPU), in 2016. That chip worked in Google’s data centers to power search results and image-recognition. At its I/O conference this year, Google announced a new version that will be available to clients of its cloud business. Nvidia Corp. also sells a similar chip to cloud customers. The Apple AI chip is designed to make significant improvements to Apple’s hardware over time, and the company plans to eventually integrate the chip into many of its devices, including the iPhone and iPad, according to the person with knowledge of the matter. Apple has tested prototypes of future iPhones with the chip, the person said, adding that it’s unclear if the component will be ready this year. Apple’s operating systems and software features would integrate with devices that include the chip. For example, Apple has considered offloading facial recognition in the photos application, some parts of speech recognition, and the iPhone’s predictive keyboard to the chip, the person said. Apple also plans to offer developer access to the chip so third-party apps can also offload artificial intelligence-related tasks, the person said. Developer Conference Apple may choose to discuss some of its latest advancements in AI at its annual developer’s conference in June. At the same conference, Apple plans to introduce iOS 11, its new operating system for iPhones and iPads, with an updated user-interface, people with knowledge of the matter said last month. The company is also said to discuss updated laptops with faster chips from Intel Corp. An AI chip would join a growing list of processors that Apple has created in-house. The company began designing its own main processors for the iPhone and iPad in 2010 with the A4 chip. It has since released dedicated processors to power the Apple Watch, the motion sensors across its products, the wireless components inside of its AirPods, and the fingerprint scanner in the MacBook Pro. The company has also tested a chip to run the low-power mode on Mac laptops. In 2015, Bloomberg reported that Apple’s culture of secrecy stymied the iPhone maker’s ability to attract top AI research talent. Since then, Apple has acquired multiple companies with deep ties to artificial intelligence, has begun publishing papers related to AI research, has joined a key research group and has made hires from the field. In October 2016, Apple hired Russ Salakhutdinov from Carnegie Mellon University as its director of AI research. More Related News Apple WWDC 2017: Refreshed MacBooks, Siri-powered speaker, and more announcements expected Apple set to expand Siri, taking different route from Amazon’s Alexa For all the latest Technology News, download Indian Express App Tags: Apple J Jack Smith May 27, 2017 at 3:39 pm 2015 for Google TensorFlow Processors (TPUs) and NOT 2016. Even today the first generation TPUs beat anything commercially available. But Google now has generation 2 which is just miles ahead of anything else. A TPU pod is able to generate 11.5 peta flops of fp16. No that is NOT a typo. But the key is Google is doing it on a small fraction of the power of any compe or. So Google inference per joule is a tiny fraction of someone like Nvidia. Smart move on Apple to try to copy Google and create something similar. Google shared the details of their generation 1 in a paper that Apple could then just use to build theirs. Reply Most Read India vs Pakistan ICC Champions Trophy 2017: When and where to watch the cricket match, live TV coverage, time in IST India vs Pakistan, ICC Champions Trophy 2017: India beat Pakistan by 124 runs (D/L), Match highlights Kareena Kapoor Khan's son Taimur Ali Khan is gifted with his mom's facial expressions. See these photos to believe Shah Rukh Khan's anger knew no bounds after Ramez Galal's Ramadan TV prank. Watch video MHT CET results 2017 declared at dtemaharashtra.gov.in, check score card now Best of Express Bahrain, Saudi Arabia, Egypt, UAE cut ties with Qatar; say it supports 'terrorism' J-K: Four militants killed in an attack on CRPF camp in Bandipora CBI raids underway at NDTV co-founder Prannoy Roy's residence OpinionIt is delusional to celebrate the Aadhaar tidal wave, and criminal to turn a blind eye OpinionThe class of 2017: They must work to stanch the anger that has thrown up leaders like Trump Buzzing Now EntertainmentKareena's son Taimur Ali Khan is gifted with his mom's facial expressions. See these photos to believe EntertainmentShah Rukh Khan's anger knew no bounds after Ramez Galal's Ramadan TV prank. Watch video EntertainmentRanveer Singh is 'missing' Deepika Padukone. Is this finally an acknowledgement of their relationship? See photo TrendingIndia vs Pakistan: Twitterati in splits over Imad Wasim's new hairstyle TrendingIndia vs Pakistan: This camel predicts Pak will defeat India in ICC Champions Trophy match Top News Modi and Macron will always have Paris Violence against BJP will make more lotuses bloom in Kerala: Amit Shah TechnologyApple WWDC 2017: Look for signs when Tim Cook takes the stage London terror attack: ISIS claims responsibility, 12 arrested SportsIndia vs Pakistan: Mother of all mismatches SportsWATCH: Wild celebrations after India register big win  20 quotes from Arundhati Roy's The God of Small Things that will make you crave for her next book  GQ Best Dressed 2017 red carpet: Shraddha Kapoor, Sayani Gupta, Arjun Kapoor up the style quotient TechnologyApple WWDC 2017: Look for signs when Tim Cook takes the stage TechnologyApple WWDC 2017 keynote: What time is livestream, how to watch and everything else to note Jun 05: Latest News GSLV Mk III, India’s heaviest satellite to be launched today WWE Extreme Rules Results: Samoa Joe becomes no. 1 contender for Brock Lesnar’s WWE Universal Championship CBI raids underway at NDTV co-founder Prannoy Roy’s residence Mexico election: Ruling party has preliminary lead in key state vote Reliance Jio tops chart in 4G download speeds in April again: TRAI report                           The Express Group The Indian Express The Financial Express Loksatta Jansatta inUth Ramnath Goenka Awards Privacy Policy Advertise with Us Contact Us Subscribe Please reload and try again !!! X   Copyright © 2017 The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved
Never miss a great news story! Get instant notifications from Economic Times AllowNot now You can switch off notifications anytime using browser settings. SECTIONS ET APPS ET Android AppET iPhone AppET iPad AppET Wealth Android AppET Blackberry AppET Nokia AppET Markets Android AppET Markets iPhone AppET Money Android App ENGLISH हिन्दीગુજરાતી E-PAPER SIGN-IN FOLLOW US FACEBOOKTWITTERYOUTUBELINKEDINGOOGLE PLUSRSS SME Sector LATEST NEWS Who'll draw inviolable thin line between tolerance, intolerance? Reuters Sports News Summary Show what you can do for America, Aspen tells India JK House sale: Litmus test for new Companies Act A slice of Rabindranath Tagore's Santiniketan, coming up in Houston ​Vijay Mallya spotted with Sunil Gavaskar during India-Pakistan match Not just people, even states profiting from new land law Home MarketsNewsIndustrySmall BizPoliticsWealthMFTech JobsOpinionBlogsNRIMagazinesSlideshowsET NOWET SpeedET Portfolio Small Biz SME Sector Startups Policy & Trends Biz Listings Entrepreneurship Money Security-Tech TechnologySecurity Marketing-Branding BrandingMarketing More HR-LeadershipLeadershipPeopleLegalSmall Biz (USA)E-LearningBusinessData SciencesPersonal Development ET Home›Small Biz›SME Sector 10:46 AM | 05 Junmarket stats SENSEX 31,28410.32 NIFTY 50 9,66713.95 GOLD (MCX) (Rs/10g.) 29,075204.00 USD/INR 64.36-0.08 Portfolio Loading... Select Portfolio and Asset Combination for Display on Market Band Select Portfolio Select Asset Class Stocks MF ETF Show More CREATE PORTFOLIO ADD INVESTMENT Download ET MARKETS APP Get ET Markets in your own language DOWNLOAD THE APP NOW +91 CHOOSE LANGUAGE ENG ENG - English HIN - हिन्दी GUJ - ગુજરાતી MAR - मराठी BEN - বাংলা KAN - ಕನ್ನಡ ORI - ଓଡିଆ TEL - తెలుగు TAM - தமிழ் Drag according to your convenience ET NOW RADIO ET NOW TIMES NOW Seven awesome apps and hacks to improve office productivity By Simar Bedi , ET CONTRIBUTORS | May 27, 2017, 11.47 AM IST Post a Comment With so many distractions, it is easy to get scattered. Everyone wants to get more done in less time, and luckily we have technology tacked to our hands. Generate Enquiries for your Business by Listing on Economictimes.com List Your Business Find Service Near You Whether you are doing a nine-to-five job or running a business, being productive is a must. But with the profusion of technology, information, websites, apps, and work pressure, staying focused and organized is becoming difficult. To put all the right numbers at the right place, one has to dig through messy spreadsheets or log in to different accounts in the search for your data. There are a lot of distractions out there that are all contending for your attention. With so many distractions, it is easy to get scattered. Everyone wants to get more done in less time, and luckily we have technology tacked to our hands. Over the last five years, smartphones and tablets has helped the masses with banking, social networks, grocery shopping, dating, and pretty much anything you can think of. And do you know what? They can also help you get productive. Here are seven apps that will increase your productivity, help you achieve more, and keep you on track: 1. Wunderlist Compatibility: Web, iOS and Android Cost: Free Wunderlist is an amazing app to manage every area of your life. It is free and extremely easy to use. You can make as many separate lists as you want, and file them according to your ease. The reason why Wunderlist stands out from the crowd is because it allows you to access your lists from any device and anywhere. Once you are signed up, any lists you create are saved in the cloud. You can make a list on your desktop at lunchtime and access it in your phone when you get to the supermarket in the evening. How cool is that? 2. Highrise Compatibility: Web, iOS and Android Cost: Free Highrise is a CRM app that helps you manage your tasks and goals as well as of your team members effectively. This app integrates well with all of your email accounts and calendars, keeping track of all your proposals and leads. The most amazing feature is the ability to link photos to client's profile as well as any Twitter or LinkedIn accounts they may have - it enables quick and easy grouping of contacts. Although, the basic plan is free; there are paid plans which allows you to add more users, extra contacts to your account and increased storage. 3. TickTick Compatibility: Web, iOS and Android Cost: Free TickTick is a cross-platform task management tool that supports repeating tasks, calendar subscription, and shared lists. It provides Gmail integration through which you can easily convert an email into a to-do list with Chrome extension. It allows you to set multi-level priorities for the items in your to-do list and helps you customize notifications so that you can receive reminders to meet deadlines. Another striking feature of TickTick is the knack for sending location-based reminders which can be configured when you leave or arrive at a specific location. 4. Google Keep Compatibility: Web, iOS and Android Cost: Free Google Keep offers a range of tools for taking notes, including lists, text, audio, and images. It enables you to capture quickly what is on your mind and remind you later when required. Through Keep, you can attach photos to your lists, notes and also record a voice memo that gets transcribed. The most interesting feature of Google Keep is the ability to color code the notes enabling you to organize them effectively. Other features are universal device access, the option to turn photos into text through optical character recognition and native integration with other Google devices. 5. Buffer Compatibility: Web, iOS and Android Cost: Free Buffer is a smart social media tool which helps you share and schedule posts to Twitter, Facebook, Instagram, Google+, Pinterest and LinkedIn - all from one place. You will get analytics for each update you share: clicks, retweets, likes, shares, repins, mentions and more. Say you found 2 great articles and 5 images you want to share. If you post them in a row, you might flood your followers and friends who are online - and totally miss those who aren't. Instead, add these posts to Buffer and receive great social updates for the next few days. It allows you to customize schedule or 'post now' for specific events or campaigns without worrying about setting a time and date. Just hit "Buffer" and you are all set! 6. RescueTime Compatibility: Web, iOS, Android Cost: Free for Lite, Paid for premium RescueTime is a time-management app that tracks time spent on applications and websites and gives you an accurate picture of your day. While giving accurate automatic time tracking of your mobile apps, it also reports your voice call time. Each week you will receive a detailed data and report based on your activities spent via the Internet. The most interesting feature of RescueTime is that it enables you to set yourself alerts and goals to manage your digital life. If you are taking a premium plan, then you can block certain websites by choosing an amount of time to focus. It also shows you the history productivity reports to see your progress and highlight achievements. 7. Evernote Compatibility: Web, iOS, Android Cost: Free for Basic, Paid for premium Evernote is a to-do list app which helps you stay organized about your personal and professional projects in a daily schedule. It allows you to take notes, create to-do lists, record voice reminders, take pictures, and save things you find online. The coolest feature is the ability to record and take notes at the same time. The app is free, but also has pricing plans. By taking a premium plan, you can have access to more features such as: working offline, added security, creating videos with a full screen layout, and sharing and editing your notes between your team members which makes it easier to work together and collaborate on projects. Procrastinating is a tough wall to break. To replace this bad habit, here are some hacks that can really help you to boost your productivity: - Set a timetable for your tasks: Set up all your tools, emails, browser tabs, coffee, internet etc. and yes a small break time. - Whichever task you are dreading the most is perhaps the one you need to complete at first in the morning. Set a specific time to get the things done in a stipulated time frame. - Social media platforms occupy a major part in our everyday lives and at the same time create distractions with our work. Just turn off your phone notifications or you can check these in your break time. - Keep your goals in sight all the time especially when you're working. When you see your goals many times throughout the day, your motivation level will be up to get things done effectively. - Apply two-minute rule to your life. If any task takes less than two minute, then do it now. This rule gives you a sense of satisfaction as well as fuels your productivity. - Set deadlines for your tasks as they are one of the best hacks to get the things done. Setting a finish time helps you do the task more effectively and efficiently. - Take sleep of 7-8 hours and wake up fresh every day. Technology in itself is a great cause of distraction, but also a great way to combat those distractions. All in all, use these apps and hacks to manage your time, eliminating distractions, and strengthen your mind against the affinity to procrastinate. Comments(0)Add Comments Seven awesome apps and hacks to improve office productivity To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network or Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter Also Read Should you choose women-only banking products? Manpasand Beverages, Parle Products in brand promotion deal Natural gas production no longer profitable business: ONGC Everton eyeing 'productive' players in transfer window READ MORE ONVideostechnologySocial mediaSharesproductivitypremiumplace Stay on top of business news with The Economic Times App.DOWNLOAD NOW FROM AROUND THE WEB The Luxury Crossover SUV that Puts You Confidently in Charge Acura How Companies Are Turning Their Data Into Profit Microsoft Ivanka Trump Praised Female Empowerment in Saudi Arabia ArabiaNowMORE FROM ECONOMIC TIMES Donald Trump backs H-1B reforms bill: US lawmaker Intelenet has an 'Uber' like app to boost your productivity CISF mobile app for jawans, officers gets 22,000 downloads From Around the WebMore from The Economic Times Find Out Why Building Designers Love Wood APA Designers Circle Germantown :  Take $20 Off Your Broken Windshield Replace.. Safelite Check Out Unbelievable List of Safest 2017 Minivans Minivans - Sponsored Ads Watch: Why We Love Emma Stone Fandor Seven countries you must visit in 2017 EPFO issues guidelines to settle death claims in seven days Murthal ‘gang rape’: Delhi woman files FIR against seven Raymond to replace 10,000 jobs with robots in next 3 years Have something to say? Post your comment To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter Most Read Most Shared Most Commented Wipro invests $24.5 million from venture fund over 2 years Ireland keen to woo Indian startups, offers tax benefits Denmark is killing Tesla and other electric cars India, Germany plan pact to help startups thrive Undeterred by high attrition rate, Ola and Uber banking on drivers in their 20s More » Get a Quote Browse CompaniesABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ|123456789 Browse Mutual FundsABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ The Economic Times Live Market News Portfolio Mobile Live TV Newsletter Commodities Speed QnA Blogs Alerts RSS Other Times Group news sitesTimes of India|इकनॉमिक टाइम्स ઈકોનોમિક ટાઈમ્સ|Mumbai Mirror Times Now|Indiatimes नवभारत टाइम्स|महाराष्ट्र टाइम्स ವಿಜಯ ಕರ್ನಾಟಕ|Lifehacker Gizmodo|Eisamay|IGN India NavGujarat Samay Living and entertainmentTimescity|iDiva|Zoom| Luxpresso|Gaana|Happytrips| Cricbuzz|Get Smartapp Networkingitimes|MensXP.com Hot on the WebICC Champions Trophy Live Score|Narendra Modi in Russia Top 10 mutual funds|RERA Xiaomi Redmi 4 Review|BSE Sensex Gold rate today Servicesads2book|Gadgetsnow|Free Business Listings Simplymarry|Astrospeak|Timesjobs|Magicbricks|Zigwheels|Timesdeal| dineout|Filmipop|Remit2india|Gaana|Greetzap|Techradar|Alivear| Google Play | Manage Notifications About us/Advertise with us/Terms of Use & Grievance Redressal/Privacy Policy/Feedback/Sitemap/Code of Ethics//Disclaimer Copyright © 2017 Bennett, Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. BACK TO TOP Digg Google Bookmarks StumbleUpon Reddit Newsvine Live Bookmarks Technorati Yahoo Bookmarks Blogmarks Del.icio.us ApnaCircle Google Plus Pinterest Mail This Article My Saved ArticlesSign inSign up Find this comment offensive? Choose your reason below and click on the Report button. This will alert our moderators to take actionName Reason for reporting:Foul languageSlanderousInciting hatred against a certain communityOthers Your Reason has been Reported to the admin.
SECTIONS Home Market Companies Economy Tech Auto Mutual Funds Stocks Currency Opinions Todays Paper E-Paper Horoscope Photos Video Photo Story Home World news G-7 says Google, Facebook must step up efforts against terror G-7 says Google, Facebook must step up efforts against terror Group of Seven leaders meeting in Sicily on Friday called on Google Inc., Facebook Inc. and other internet companies to do “substantially” more to take extremist material offline. By: Bloomberg | Published: May 27, 2017 12:37 PM Theresa May, who is leaving the summit a day early to return to London, led the push for the changes in the wake of the bombing.(Reuters) Group of Seven leaders meeting in Sicily on Friday called on Google Inc., Facebook Inc. and other internet companies to do “substantially” more to take extremist material offline. The gathering comes just four days after a suicide bomber killed 22 people in Manchester, an attack “that demonstrates that we must now redouble our efforts,” the leaders said in a statement after the first day of talks. They pledged to tackle the risk posed by fighters as they disperse from the battlefields of Syria, Libya and elsewhere. The show of unity comes as the U.K. is still on the highest alert for further terrorist attacks, with thousands of troops taking to the streets to help keep the public safe. U.K. Prime Minister Theresa May, who is leaving the summit a day early to return to London, led the push for the changes in the wake of the bombing. You may also like to watch: “Against the backdrop of Monday’s cowardly attack in Manchester, we have discussed what more we can do together to address the threat from terror,” May said. “Make no mistake, the fight is moving from the battlefield to the internet.” May had pushed for a statement that would urge companies to develop tools to automatically identify material based on what it contains and who has posted it — and help the authorities identify and catch extremists. “While being one of the most important technological achievements in the last decades, the Internet has also proven to be a powerful tool for terrorist purposes,” the G-7 leaders said in a statement. The called on internet service providers and social media companies “to substantially increase their efforts to address terrorist content.” The G-7 leaders also pledged to help create an industry-led forum to work together on the issues. Speaking to reporters, May said that G-7 ministers would soon meet on the issue. “That is a big step forward,” May told reporters. “We have put our full weight behind the creation of this.” No Comments. Don't Miss ISRO GSAT-19 satellite launch on GSLV MkIII: Here are 5 amazing facts about India's monster rocket engine With property prices crashing, is it a good thing to buy a house or go for rent? After NTPC's Rs 28,000 cr capex plan revealed, Centre waives buyback offer that could have netted it Rs 8,000 cr Good news: Under GST regime, your clothes bill unlikely to rise Saudi, Bahrain, Egypt and UAE cut ties with Qatar for supporting terror ISRO to launch India's heaviest satellite GSLV Mk III today; here's what Chinese media is saying Bandipora attack: Four terrorists killed as security forces foil suicide attack on CRPF camp at Sumbal in Jammu and Kashmir Yogi Adityanath government to install statues of OBC, upper caste icons in Mayawati parks in UP IT industry layoffs: For employees, here's what is the need of the hour Uttar Pradesh bus accident: 22 dead, several injured after collision with truck on Bareilly national highway Business Gallery India vs Pakistan ICC Champions Trophy: Virat Kohli, Yuvraj Singh power India to a strong total; check pics London terror attack: 7 people killed at London Bridge and Borough Street; cops gun down 3 terrorists Narendra Modi France visit: From terrorism to climate change, here is what’s on PM’s agenda Narendra Modi in Russia: PM invites Russian companies to invest in India, top 5 quotes Narendra Modi Russia visit: PM meets Vladimir Putin, pays homage at the Piskarovskoye Cemetery; check out photos Technology Gallery China’s solar powered unmanned plane Caihong can stay in air for months; here’s how it looks like Gigantic Stratolaunch makes first rollout to conduct aircraft fueling tests; 7 things to know SpaceX launches Inmarsat-5 F4 communications satellite successfully; here’s a look Meizu M5 smartphone launched in India priced at Rs 10,499; packs 3070mAh battery Secret US space plane lands in Florida after 2 years in orbit: 5 things you need to know Hindi News योगी आदित्य नाथ सरकार का फैसला- मायावती के बनाए दलित पार्कों में ओबीसी और अगड़ी जातियों की विभूतियां भी होंगी विराजमान कश्मीर: सीआरपीएफ कैंप पर हमला, जवाबी कार्रवाई में चार आतंकवादी मारे गए सिपाही ने किया पीसीआर को फोन- अरविंद केजरीवाल की हत्या कर दूंगा, दिल्ली सीएम के घर पर सुरक्षा बढ़ी Go to Top                     The Express Group The Indian Express The Financial Express Loksatta Jansatta inUth Ramnath Goenka Awards Privacy Policy Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback   Copyright © The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved.
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us ... Google is now offering four free months of Google Play Music for new subscribers Ryne Hager Follow View All Posts 2017/05/26 2:17pm PDTMay 26, 2017 82 Plus 1 on G+ 614 Share on Facebook 102 Share on Twitter Total Shares798 Google News Right now it looks like Google is running a special offer for Google Play Music. New subscribers that sign up here can get four free months of service instead of the usual three. No telling how long this offer might last, so if you have been considering subscribing, now might be the time to do it. It could save you an extra $10. Again, this particular offer is only for new subscribers. I've been a fan of Play Music for a long time, though the device removal limit does get in the way when you switch between devices and ROMs as often as I do. Being able to mix your own library with those of a service also comes in handy. That way I can continue to support artists I am passionate about, without eschewing the larger selection of a subscription offering for the purposes of content discovery, all while being able to fill the gaps in that library. There are a lot of different music services out there, but if you're interested combining your curated library with music available via a subscription, then your options are limited. Spotify does allow you to play back locally stored files, which is convenient, but it isn't quite the same. Amazon also allows you to upload your music for playback via Amazon Music, and with Amazon Prime membership, you get a small library of streaming music to go along with that. For $10 a month ($8 for Prime members) you can access their full library as well. But, Google Play Music has a great interface and plugs nicely into all the other Google services we love. Maybe with this new offer, it's time you gave Google Play Music a chance? After all, even if it doesn't end up working out, you still got four free months of music out of the deal. Source: Google Play Music Tags google play music play music promo special offer subscription subscription music subscribe ... Previous Story OnePlus starts a referral program just in time for the OnePlus 5 ... Next Story [Update: Now $75 Off] Deal Alert: Pixel 32GB (international version) is $50 off on eBay Trending 78 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 88 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 Comments Ailín Ó’S Tried the code in Ireland, Britain and Greece and it works, glad to see it works in Europe too! Carson Saldanha Wait, wdym 3 different countries? Did you share it with others or something? Ailín Ó’S I live in Ireland, so that's my main account. I have a secondary account based in England as part of a mail forwarder service I use, and my bf is Greek so I had him check the code on his account :) Carson Saldanha Oh wow! Carson Saldanha Hey, since I know it worked for you, are you able to use YouTube Red along with this Play Music free trial? Because my YT Red doesn't seem to be enabled for me. Ailín Ó’S No, unfortunately not as I live in the EU and YouTube Red is only available in USA. Carson Saldanha Weird, I'm in the US though. Ailín Ó’S Ooh that is odd. Sign out of the app then sign back in maybe? Carson Saldanha No luck :( I'm in contact with Google support atm Hopefully they can sort this out Mike Worth it alone for Youtube Red MisterAlex Sweet, I wasn't sure if that was included. Thanks. Should mention that in the main blog post. Ben Still no student membership >:( Ailín Ó’S Spotify is a great alternative @€$£5/month. Ben I know that's what I use just because it's half the price. Ailín Ó’S In Ireland Vodafone have a partnership with Spotify whereby it costs €5 standard instead of €10 regardless of if you're a student or not, they even bundle it with some of their plans. Vodafone do the same in some other countries they operate in (not all). Maybe see if any network in your country has a partnership like that? Worth a shot! Ben Oh yeah I'm on EE in the UK and I've got Apple Music for free for 6 months but like iTunes is a massive stinking turd. Ailín Ó’S I'd rather go back to the days of getting music via Bluetooth from friends than use crApple Music 😂😂 Rahul Krishna In india, we have play music for 1.4 usd/month Umang Ladia I'm only seeing 2 months offer in India.?? Rahul Krishna Well I subscribed to it when it launched here (about 2 months ago), so I can't confirm that. But at this price, there is nothing to be disappointed about. aRvInD I wish Spotify launches soon here. I can't keep using that patched version here...!! Rahul Krishna Me too xyz As it should be, you can't charge European or American prices in India. Rahul Krishna Yes true. There are lots​ of people here with a very cheap Android phone. They cannot pay much money. Julian Coronado That's actually what's keeping me away from Play Music. I've used my free months and I loved the Youtube Red too. But as a student, Spotify for $5 / month is too great to pass up on. Emiliejmosley Google is paying 97$ per hour! Work for few hours & have longer with friends and family! !sm141c: On tuesday I got a great new Land Rover Range Rover from having earned $8752 this last four weeks.. Its the most-financialy rewarding I've had.. Follow this link for more information !sm141c: ➽➽ ➽➽;➽➽ http://GoogleFinancialCashJobs431ShopRichGetPaid$97/Hour... ★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫::::::!sm141c:....,..... Cakefish Spotify ftw ToniCipriani ✓pǝᴉɟᴉɹǝʌ I don't think this is a new offer, got this a while back. In fact my 4 months is expiring next week. Prefer Spotify over it. Song selection a tad bit weaker, and for foreign songs it tries to translate the song names to English and makes it hard to look up. folkrav I like it, it's way cheaper than Spotify for me - my mother, my sister, my wife and myself each pay 30$ a year and we're set - but Jesus do I hate the clients. I don't like the website's interface, I hate the Android app. But yeah, I'll deal with it cause it's cheap, I guess. Carson Saldanha Got it! Yay! Jim I wish I could somehow get it on my Amazon Echo hahaha. I guess if I had paid for a Google Home it would be worth trying out. Forget vega #getEVGA Why google play music isn't available in my country ? Ailín Ó’S Try Apple Music? They seem to be just about everywhere. Iamsecond And this is why Apple continue to dominate, because Apple are truly interested in being an international company whereas Google is just playing at it. Such a shame xyz Because Google sucks. Bartek Juszczak My GPM radio's are so good these days I love that Google is so into AI. Whether It's just "I'm being lucky" or radio from a specific song, band or album they very rarely disappoint me these days. I just make sure to thumbs up if it plays a song I particularly love. I am a student and could go cheaper with spotify but the AI generated playlists have me locked in. If it's £5 cheaper but I'm not gonna enjoy it nearly as much then it's not really a good deal. AndTheWorldMayNeverKnow I used the 3 or 4 months free trial during the holidays then bought the family plan for $14.99 a month. 4 people in my family us it and it works great, the app could use some tweaks but it's really good overall. paev If you listen to main stream music it doesn't really matter what service to use. However, if you like something unusual, weird or other languages then Google is a way to go. I found bands on Google music that Spotify displayed as not found. Google also have new synth bands that Spotify doesn't. I'm for Google too. Daniel I discovered that GPM is kinda like a music label. I once went to a section of Google play explaining how indie artists can use GPM like a music label as long as they own all their rights. Ryne Hager Ultraista (among others) keeps me using Google Play Music as well as Spotify. Carson Saldanha Does anyone else who activated the Play Music trial have YouTube Red working as well? My YT Red doesn't seem to be enabled while my Play Music is. Michael Carr I spotted a similar offer a couple of months ago, and I took it after a day or two's thought. Just last week, I moved directly into a family plan. PewPewYoureDead It's hard to recommend Google Play Music until they revamp the UI. Margaritas Ante Porcos Google Music is the only choice in some markets, like Russia, where no Spotify or Pandora are available. There are too many shortcomings in Google Music and Google never shows interest in making services better than below average. I really wonder why Google refuses to become the best at anything. Real magic here. Pixel syndrome all the way. Yet Google Music is on my phone and I use it because there's no choice whatsoever. Rob You answered your own question. If there's no alternative, then they don't have any incentive to improve the service. SupahNin10doh Stupid Dorito logo... Raymond Berger Huh, I just subscribed to the trial but you youtube red hasn't kicked in yet. Any idea how long it takes? Iamsecond If you live in the UK, about 2 years so far h20ray Google Play Music is currently available in select territories and for select account types. Umang Ladia I'm only seeing 2 months offer in India, anybody can confirm? Mohammad Ovais Yeah, same for me. Maybe it's region limited. Isolde I think you need to open the link in a browser, if you open it in the app it's just the normal 2 months. bligui Confirmed need to open it from link and it works Manoj | Blogging Triggers Is Google Music really worth to it? We have better alternatives Sathiya Moorthy Karan I came across a great post, it seems to be so cool http://developeit.net/android-news-image-scanner-finder/ Zachariah Mann It only shows up as 2 free months for me. I live in Michigan. https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/a19b7e9dddb67bf897c751aedf63c01917048214140db901fd783b2182d8d5c0.png Jefferson Rodrigues https://play.google.com/music/listen?coupon=120DFREE&coupontype=vanity#/sulp Zachariah Mann That link still brought me to the same page on the Play Music App which offers 2 months free. Does it matter if I'm opening it on a computer or web page? Jefferson Rodrigues I don't know. Mikael Jakobsson Should mabye joine premium at Google Music if that coste like $2 max a month dont understand why they should take as mutch as someone some has app or Win32 software to PC so music controllers one they keyboards works. Tab out frome a game for pause music when the round is over is just bad. Arif Gürü And stil isnt available on Turkey xyz "No telling how long this offer might last, so if you have been considering subscribing, now might be the time to do it." No thanks, I'll just use YouTube. Only thing YT needs is an option to play audio only so I can save a wee bit more data when I don't need video. Cai Copley Nope. If it wasn't for the fact work pays for Spotify Premium and the fact Spotify has Crossfade to emulate a DJ system, maybe I'd give it a whirl. bligui Not working any more to bad Follow Android Police 1.49M 472k 145k 119k Latest Deals 9 [Deal Alert] Chromecast Ultra is $59.99 ($10 off) at Google Store, Best Buy, B&H and others 2017/06/04 12:16pm PDTJun 4, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] Google Home is $109 ($20 off) at Best Buy, Google Store, B&H, and others 2017/06/04 10:07am PDTJun 4, 2017 12 [Deal Alert] Kick off the weekend with 24 temporarily free and 52 on-sale apps 2017/06/03 6:50pm PDTJun 3, 2017 18 [Deal Alert] Get a Nextbit Robin for $129.99 on eBay 2017/06/03 9:39am PDTJun 3, 2017 33 [Deal Alert] A Stork's Journey is currently free on Google Play Movies & TV 2017/06/01 10:50pm PDTJun 1, 2017 Latest Poll How many photos are on your Google Photos account? Under 100 100-999 1,000-2,499 2,500-4,999 5,000-9,999 10,000-19,999 20,000-39,999 More than 40,000. View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 67 Asus ZenFone 3 Zoom review: A promising phone that falls victim to bad software and cut corners 2017/05/31 2:21pm PDTMay 31, 2017 113 AOSPA (Paranoid Android) review: back from the dead, and we're thrilled 2017/05/31 9:47am PDTMay 31, 2017 29 Tag Heuer Connected Modular 45 review: It seems like $1,500 should get you more 2017/05/29 9:57am PDTMay 29, 2017 74 [Update, G+ Post] Francisco Franco makes his productivity timer 5217 free to try 2017/05/16 10:01am PDTMay 16, 2017 290 HTC U11 hands-on: HTC gets a little closer to the mark 2017/05/16 12:02am PDTMay 16, 2017 Latest Roundups 13 29 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/24/17 - 5/31/17) 2017/05/31 10:20am PDTMay 31, 2017 8 10 new and notable Android apps from the last week (5/23/17 - 5/29/17) 2017/05/29 12:49pm PDTMay 29, 2017 13 31 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/17/17 - 5/23/17) 2017/05/23 3:06pm PDTMay 23, 2017 16 12 new and notable Android apps and live wallpapers from the last week (5/16/17 - 5/22/17) 2017/05/22 12:48pm PDTMay 22, 2017 16 29 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/10/17 - 5/16/17) 2017/05/16 4:22pm PDTMay 16, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 18 Boost for Reddit removed from Play Store for alleged promotion of drugs, still not back after a week 2017/06/04 4:25pm PDTJun 4, 2017 112 Weekend poll: How many photos are synced to your Google Photos account? 2017/06/04 3:44pm PDTJun 4, 2017 28 Tasker beta v5 brings a fresh Material Design look and a huge list of other changes 2017/06/03 7:27pm PDTJun 3, 2017 12 [Deal Alert] Kick off the weekend with 24 temporarily free and 52 on-sale apps 2017/06/03 6:50pm PDTJun 3, 2017 76 Samsung uploads its Device Maintenance tool to the Play Store 2017/06/03 6:01pm PDTJun 3, 2017 Blast from the Past 60 1 Year Ago Today More Motorola Leaks: 'Style Mod' Replaceable Covers For The Moto X/Z And DROID Come In A Variety Of Materials 2016/06/04 12:27pm PDTJun 4, 2016 40 2 Years Ago Today Chrome Beta v44 Comes With Improvements To 'Native App' And 'Add To Homescreen' Banners, New Push API Features, And More [APK Download] 2015/06/04 5:14pm PDTJun 4, 2015 129 3 Years Ago Today YouTube v5.7 For Android Finally Lets You Select Exact Streaming Quality, As Long As It's 720p Or Lower [APK Download] 2014/06/04 6:16pm PDTJun 4, 2014 3 4 Years Ago Today Google Posts Glass XE6 Factory Image For Your Flashing Pleasure 2013/06/04 8:31pm PDTJun 4, 2013 16 5 Years Ago Today [Update: Pre-Orders Are Live] Sprint Announces The Galaxy S III Available June 21, Pre-Orders Start June 5 - $199 For 16GB, $249 For 32GB 2012/06/04 10:55pm PDTJun 4, 2012 327 6 Years Ago Today [Book Giveaway #2] Looking To Get Into Android Development? We're Giving Away "Hello, Android" To A Lucky Reader 2011/06/04 7:16pm PDTJun 4, 2011 2 7 Years Ago Today HTC EVO 4G OTA Update Comes Out In Time For Launch, Fixes SD Card Problems, Patches Security Issues, But Disables Root - Available Via WiFi As Well 2010/06/04 6:44pm PDTJun 4, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 112 Weekend poll: How many photos are synced to your Google Photos account? 2017/06/04 3:44pm PDTJun 4, 2017 35 It's not just you—there's a widespread Google Home outage 2017/06/04 12:04pm PDTJun 4, 2017 61 Samsung opens up its browser to some non-Samsung devices on the Play Store 2017/06/04 10:30am PDTJun 4, 2017 29 Motorola rolling out Android 7.1.1 to the Moto Z Play 2017/06/04 8:45am PDTJun 4, 2017 18 Boost for Reddit removed from Play Store for alleged promotion of drugs, still not back after a week 2017/06/04 4:25pm PDTJun 4, 2017 Last 7 Days 28 Google Photos v2.16 prepares to upgrade the camera shortcut, suggest photos to archive, and more [APK Teardown + Download] 2017/05/31 11:36pm PDTMay 31, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] Here are 38 temporarily free and 72 on-sale apps, plus both 0.10 Apps of the Week 2017/05/31 2:08pm PDTMay 31, 2017 501 [Update: New details plus Andy Rubin interview] The Essential phone is official, with an edge-to-edge display and the world's smallest 360-degree camera accessory 2017/05/30 7:48am PDTMay 30, 2017 76 Samsung uploads its Device Maintenance tool to the Play Store 2017/06/03 6:01pm PDTJun 3, 2017 24 Plex Live TV is now available for all Plex Pass subscribers, tuner required 2017/06/01 6:00am PDTJun 1, 2017 Last 30 Days 78 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 88 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 28 Google Photos v2.16 prepares to upgrade the camera shortcut, suggest photos to archive, and more [APK Teardown + Download] 2017/05/31 11:36pm PDTMay 31, 2017 94 The Play Store adopts new app and notification icons with v7.8.16 [APK Download] 2017/05/10 6:25pm PDTMay 10, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Advertise | Contact 117 queries | 0.313s | forge Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
Tech News Home > Tech > Tech News < Back to SMG 45 Saturday, 27 May 2017 | MYT 1:00 PM Google’s employee-run email list tracks bias complaints The “Yes, at Google” newsletter is less than eight months old but has picked up subscribers and interest in the past few months as other companies have faced more public allegations of sexual harassment. — Reuters At most companies, if you think you’ve witnessed sexual harassment, sexism, bigotry or racism, there’s one way to get it addressed: going to human resources.  At Google, there's another way to air your grievance: submitting your complaint to an employee-run message board that's curated into a weekly email.  The list, called “Yes, at Google,” is a grassroots effort to collect anonymous submissions at Google and parent Alphabet Inc and communicate them across the company, according to five current employees who receive the emails.  “Yes, at Google” tracks allegations of unwelcome behaviour at work in an attempt to make the company more inclusive, said the employees, who did not want to be named because they were not authorised to speak about internal company matters. Since starting in October, more than 15,000 employees – 20% of the company's workforce – have subscribed, according to two of those people.  Google management is aware of the list. “We work really hard to promote and preserve a culture of respect and inclusion,” a Google spokesperson said in a statement. “Our employees have numerous ways to raise issues – both negative and positive – with us, including through grassroots transparency efforts like this one. We take concerns seriously and take appropriate measures to address them.”  The list is run by a group of workers across different product areas, according to a person familiar with the list, though it's not clear who runs the list and how or whether the submissions are vetted before being distributed.  Usually, the people in the complaints are not named, though one submission described an instance when, during a large company meeting in late April, Alphabet executive chairman Eric Schmidt allegedly interrupted chief financial officer Ruth Porat when she had a question addressed to her, which the post categorised as a “gender-related” complaint. A person who attended the meeting said Schmidt answered the question to make a joke. Messages sometimes include job titles and other details.  Google, along with other tech companies, is facing growing pressure from diversity advocates and the media to change the gender and racial makeup of its workforce, which is largely white and Asian men. But inside company walls, employees are also speaking up about what they see as unfair treatment. The weekly e-mail – whose title is meant to suggest that yes, these things happen at Google, even if you don't see them – is one way employees are pushing for awareness and change.  Google management doesn't control or influence the content, though the list's organisers sometimes ask teams or particular employees to respond to an item before publication, according to a person familiar with the list who was not authorised to speak about it. Executives have touted the list internally as a way that Google is trying to make its workplace welcome to all kinds of employees.  In February, former Uber engineer Susan Fowler wrote a widely read blog post detailing alleged sexual harassment and other mistreatment at Uber (in response to Fowler's allegations, Uber is conducting an internal investigation into its workplace culture). After her post, a group of Google vice-presidents sent staff an e-mail that listed resources that might help prevent similar things happening at Google. “Yes, at Google” was included as a resource.  A dispatch from early May viewed by Bloomberg listed dozens of alleged incidents. One person reported a manager to HR for allegedly “joking about raping one of his direct reports,” the e-mail said. “He was promoted.”  Another allegation: “A colleague started a meeting off by making a joke that called a woman in the adjacent meeting room '€some random bitch.’”  In another, a writer alleges that a “Noogler” – new Googler – was invited by an engineer to get drinks with a group of colleagues off campus. It was her second week of work. “Upon arriving, discovered there was no group,” the email said. “Subsequently informed by the engineer that she was expected to ‘sleep with everyone' because that's the culture here.”  The message was accompanied by this note from the newsletter operators: “Per the Employee Relations Team, this is an example of the kind of issue that we need and want to look into as this behaviour is unacceptable and contrary to our Code of Conduct and Policy Against Harassment.” The e-mail urged anyone who knows of the identity of the people involved or the time and place it occurred to share it with the company, “so we can look into this matter and address it appropriately.”  The e-mail also refers to some alleged incidents as examples of when employees should formally raise concerns with the company. “A male Googler drank excessively at an offsite event and touched a few different female Googlers in a manner that made them uncomfortable, made inappropriate comments, and followed two women back to their hotel room and told them ‘I'm following you,'” the email said. “Thanks to Googlers who came forward with information about these incidents, we investigated, substantiated the concerns and terminated the Googler's employment.”  Google management will try to respond to some complaints if they are specific enough, according to a person familiar with the list.  A list like “Yes, at Google” introduces business risks, said Peter Cappelli, a management professor at the University of Pennsylvania's Wharton Business School. If a submission were proven libellous, that could be a legal complication for the company. And having a fifth of a company's workforce reading a weekly collection of complaints could amplify discontent among employees, he said.  In 2014, Google became one of the first high-profile tech companies to release employee diversity figures, starting an industry trend. The company's proportions have not improved much in three years – 81% of its technical staff is male, as of last year, and less than 6% are races other than Asian or white. Google runs implicit bias training internally aimed at addressing some of subtle forms of prejudice that persist inside workplaces.  Google is currently under investigation by the US Department of Labour for alleged systemic pay discrimination against its female employees. Google denied the allegations and said that its yearly analysis of pay across men and women found no gender pay gap.  ”Yes, at Google” wouldn't be the first time employees at the search giant organised to raise awareness about perceived inequality. In 2015, Erica Joy Baker, then a site reliability engineer at the company, started a spreadsheet where employees could submit their salaries and titles to compare them against others. She said that she was called into meetings and told that upper managers were not pleased with the spreadsheet's existence. She quit in 2015 for a job at workplace chat service Slack.  “Our policy is not to comment on individual or former employees, but we can confirm that we regularly run analysis of compensation, promotion, and performance to ensure that they are equitable with no pay gap. Employees are free to share their salaries with one another if they choose,” Google said in a statement regarding salary-sharing in 2015.  The “Yes, at Google” newsletter is less than eight months old but has picked up subscribers and interest in the past few months as other companies have faced more public allegations of sexual harassment. Google also faced blowback in February when Uber said it asked for the resignation of Amit Singhal, a senior executive, after discovering he was the subject of a sexual harassment claim when he worked at Google. Singhal denied the allegation.  Not all the complaints in the Google mailing list include allegations of misconduct such as sexual harassment. Other entries allege workplace comments that might not be obviously offensive to everyone but made some employees uncomfortable, said the current employees.  One submission calls out a comment someone wrote in an internal referral that a job candidate "is definite [sic] one of the smartest girls I've met.” Another: “Coworker to me:‘You know why the schools in Pleasanton are so good, right? Because of all the Chinese people.'”  One employee said that the hairdressers who work at the Google campus sometimes say, “I've never encountered hair like yours before,” which the employee said “comes across as code for ‘I'm not trained to cut the hair of people of your race.'"  One employee said that during a one-on-one performance review with a manager, he was told that his rating dropped from “Exceeds” to “Meets” because he didn't get as much done while on paternity leave. In another, a female subordinate said that her manager asked her to do work that he then took credit for when passing on the work to a higher-ranking director. A female employee was allegedly called a “princess” for favouring salad over burgers. Another employee claims that new desks at a particular office location only come designed for right-handed workers.  The mailing list also includes actions or changes that employees found praiseworthy, according to staff that have viewed them. The drinks menu at weekly all-hands meetings were updated to include a wider range of non-alcoholic beverages, and the men's restrooms in the San Francisco offices have menstruation products to accommodate men who have periods. When YouTube rolled out a data tool with a name that some employees outside the US found offensive, the name was quickly changed.   Cappelli, the management professor, said that despite the risks that such a list poses, a collection of complaints from employees is also a valuable resource for management – especially about sensitive topics that employees may be reluctant to talk about.  Keeping an eye on a list similar to Google's “could be a pretty smart thing for an employer to do,” he said. “You can find out stuff that's going on without having to do surveys. Employees don't necessarily trust hotlines, and they certainly don't always trust going to their supervisor with problems.” — Bloomberg Related Stories You May Be Interested Why parents’ tech obsession may mean kids misbehave The need to educate investors on ponzi and pyramid scheme Samsung Galaxy Tab S3: Sleek and stylish 5 superpowers every mum has 6 beautiful cities to add to your bucket list How to avoid dehydration during Ramadan Others Also Read Alize Cornet vs. Caroline Garcia - player profiles Five suspected drug traffickers nabbed in Perak Cycling promotes closer ties advertisement Latest News Apple to software developers: We have new hardware for your apps European telecoms firms pin hopes on Esports video game gladiators China agrees to delay electric car quota by a year Google’s Chrome browser to start blocking annoying ads next year Bansen Labs adapter allows gamers with disabilities to connect with technology Most Viewed in Tech Bentley on Demand is like Uber for the uber rich Here’s how to know if someone’s blocked you on WhatsApp Toyota-supported flying car hopes to light the Tokyo 2020 Olympic flame Samsung Galaxy Tab S3: Sleek and stylish Google’s Chrome browser to start blocking annoying ads next year China agrees to delay electric car quota by a year Microsoft’s weapon in high-stakes cloud-computing battle with Amazon? Freebies Bansen Labs adapter allows gamers with disabilities to connect with technology European telecoms firms pin hopes on Esports video game gladiators Injustice 2: Doing justice to DC Powered by advertisement advertisement site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Lifestyle Tech Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services Magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs Advertising View Our Rate Card Policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu StarProperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com Search The Star Online Connect with us Content Partner Our Radio Stations site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Tech Lifestyle Travel Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs advertising View Our Rate Card policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu starproperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com social media Facebook Twitter Copyright © 1995- Star Media Group Berhad (ROC 10894D)
Everything you need to know about Android Pay - KOAM TV 7 Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY Home News Links Upcoming Events Skywatch WX App Roads VIDEO Program Schedule Watch CBS Shows CBSNews livefeed Local News Monday's Child Pet Vet On Call SPECIAL REPORTS WEB EXTRAS Spotlight on Branson - 2016 Sky Watch Weather Sports 2017 Pigskin Preview - Coaches form Roper Honda Powerhouse Performance of the Week - Vote Now Morning News Morning News Guest Appearance Request Form Submit Birthdays & Anniversaries Crocktober 2015 Health Connections Skywatch WX App @koamnews Facebook @FOX14KFJX About Us Job Openings On Air Personalities Request DVD Email Updates Contests Lifestyle Main Entertainment Money Home/Family Health Food Pets Tech Travel Beauty & Style Auto VideoBytes Press Releases Closings Submit a Cancellation Closings List Roads Select a Topic: Personal Finance Business Small Business Money home Everything you need to know about Android Pay Updated: Friday, May 26, 2017 12:33 PM EDT © Digital Trends From Digital TrendsMore>> Nintendo delays its Switch online service, but gives us pricing and details Nintendo delays its Switch online service, but gives us pricing and details The Switch is riding a wave of momentum, but this online service will shape its future.More >> The Switch is riding a wave of momentum, but this online service will shape its future.More >> Apple’s ‘Siri speaker’ may debut as early as next week Apple’s ‘Siri speaker’ may debut as early as next week If you have a hankering for Apple products and you're after a smart speaker, you may not have too long to wait.More >> If you have a hankering for Apple products and you're after a smart speaker, you may not have too long to wait.More >> As tablet sales tank, Apple finds iPad success from an unlikely source As tablet sales tank, Apple finds iPad success from an unlikely source Apple has long been hailed as a little more consumer friendly than the likes of Android, but as sales of the iPad tumble, it looks like demand for the tablet may be coming from a slightly unexpected source — businesses. More >> Apple has long been hailed as a little more consumer friendly than the likes of Android, but as sales of the iPad tumble, it looks like demand for the tablet may be coming from a slightly unexpected source — businesses.More >> Tidal struggles to gain ground, fires its third CEO in just two years Tidal struggles to gain ground, fires its third CEO in just two years While Tidal may have plenty of celebrity endorsement, it's unclear how well users are buying into the service, and leadership is feeling the heat.More >> While Tidal may have plenty of celebrity endorsement, it's unclear how well users are buying into the service, and leadership is feeling the heat.More >> The Wrangler camping system brings your kitchen to the great outdoors The Wrangler camping system brings your kitchen to the great outdoors Need to cook a full meal while roughing it? The Wrangler Camping System packs everything you need.More >> Need to cook a full meal while roughing it? The Wrangler Camping System packs everything you need.More >> Everything you need to know about Android Pay Everything you need to know about Android Pay Android Pay launches PayPal support, could see Canadian release next weekMore >> Android Pay launches PayPal support, could see Canadian release next weekMore >> 'Injustice 2' review With a story, loot, and leveling, 'Injustice 2' is much more than a fighting game The most expansive solo experience we’ve seen in a fighting game, Injustice 2 compels you to master its fast-paced, combo driven combat.More >> The most expansive solo experience we’ve seen in a fighting game, Injustice 2 compels you to master its fast-paced, combo driven combat.More >> ‘Aquaman’ director reveals a new photo of the Queen of Atlantis ‘Aquaman’ director reveals a new photo of the Queen of Atlantis There's a healthy amount of skepticism surrounding WB's superhero universe, so every new look at one of the upcoming films prompts a lot of debate.More >> There's a healthy amount of skepticism surrounding WB's superhero universe, so every new look at one of the upcoming films prompts a lot of debate.More >> ‘Sonic Forces’ lets you make your own Sonic sidekick ‘Sonic Forces’ lets you make your own Sonic sidekick Sonic Forces’ takes inspiration from recent Sonic games, while adding new features and a darker tone.More >> Sonic Forces’ takes inspiration from recent Sonic games, while adding new features and a darker tone.More >> Kobo's waterproof Aura H2O still survives where any kindle would fizzle Kobo's waterproof Aura H2O still survives where any kindle would fizzle Kobo’s new Aura H2O is a great large-screen Kindle alternative that’s also waterproofMore >> Kobo’s new Aura H2O is a great large-screen Kindle alternative that’s also waterproofMore >>    By Andy Boxall Provided by With Android Pay, you can start leaving your wallet behind. Anyone with the corresponding app on their device can pay for goods and services with a simple tap of their phone against a compatible point-of-sale terminal with near-field communication, or NFC. Here’s everything you need to know about Android Pay, including the places and banks that support it. PayPal joins Android Pay Android Pay is an excellent replacement for your credit or debit cards but what about your PayPal account? Starting May 24, Android Pay users running version 4.4 or higher of the mobile operating system will be able to link PayPal to their profile. Previously, the only way to use the popular web-based payment platform in-store was through a PayPal debit card, or by inputting your phone number and PIN into one of the few compatible terminals out in the wild. To get started paying with PayPal from your Android device, tap the button at the bottom right like you normally would to add a card, then select “Add other payment methods.” PayPal may ask you to load funds to your account if you have not already. If you do not see the option yet, it may take a little while before the update rolls out to your device. Additionally, it is important to note PayPal support is only live for U.S. users at this time. Android Pay is currently only able to pull from your PayPal balance for transactions but eventually, any cards you have saved on your PayPal account will also be supported. International release Android Pay made its debut on the global stage when it launched in the U.K. in May 2016, and the service has slowly continued to expand since. It’s now available in Japan, Ireland, Singapore, Australia, New Zealand, Hong Kong, and Poland. At Google I/O 2017, the company announced the service will arrive in at least another five countries before the end of the year: Brazil, Canada, Russia, Spain, and Taiwan. We don’t have details on specific launch partners for each territory but check back for updates as more information becomes available. Canada Android Pay could launch in Canada as soon as May 31, according to MobileSyrup, which cites anonymous sources. At the moment, it’s not officially known which banks and card companies will support the platform when it debuts. However, some clues dating back to late last year hint at support from Interac, one of Canada’s debit payment processing networks. This was revealed by 9to5Google when it investigated the Android Pay app back in December. At the time, some users also reported they were able to add and complete transactions with certain Visa cards through Android Pay. This caused many to believe the service had officially been launched, but Google elaborated shortly afterward, claiming that it wasn’t quite ready for prime time yet. Since then, some of the cards that were working have had support removed. Russia Prior to Google I/O, four banks were named in relation to Android Pay’s Russian launch: Sberbank, Alfa, Raiffeisen, and Tinkoff. These banks could be the first to receive the service when it launches over the coming months. The report comes courtesy of Russian news sites by way of AndroidPolice, which also relays that Visa recently updated its Russian support pages with references to Android Pay, before removing them from the site. In tandem with Google’s confirmation at I/O, this means launch could be imminent. Belgium Google is officially bringing Android Pay to Belgium. The company announced the news in a blog post, which highlights that the service will be usable in as many as 85,000 institutions. It will work with both MasterCard and Visa and supports three major banks — BNP, Fintro, and Hello Bank. Not only that, but the company says that CBC, KBC, and KBC Brussels are all on the way. Japan Contactless and mobile payments are already widely used in Japan, and on December 12, Android Pay becomes the latest option for shoppers. However, it has launched with Rakuten Edy, an eMoney service accepted in more than 470,000 locations, rather than local banks. Operated through the usual Android Pay app, you create an Edy card or use an existing one, ready to use in supporting stores. In 2017, Google says to expect more payment options, including Visa and Mastercard, through its cooperation with local payment specialists FeliCa Networks. Ireland On December 6, Android Pay made its way to Ireland, and it promises compatibility “at thousands of retail locations throughout Ireland that accept contactless payments.” From McDonald’s to supermarket Tesco to book retailer Eason, there are plenty of places in which Europeans can now use Android Pay. Here is a list of places where Android Pay is now accepted in Ireland. New Zealand In November, New Zealand received access to Android Pay, and according to Google, it will be available at a number of common locations, including The Warehouse, Domino’s, McDonald’s, etc. As of right now, it only supports the BNZ Flexi Debit Visa card, but it will expand to more services as time goes on. Poland Poland got Android Pay in November, and Google says it’s available at more than 400,000 retail locations such as Costa Coffee, Carrefour, and Rossman. You can add your Mastercard or Visa debit or credit cards from the following Polish banks: Alior Bank, Bank Zachodni WBK, and T-Mobile Banking Services. Google says support for mBank will come soon, as well as other banks in the coming months. The payment service will also be available in various apps soon, including Allegro, Ceneo, Fancy, iTaxi.pl, and Uber. Hong Kong In October, Android Pay launched in Hong Kong, with a related blog post announcement noting that the service would be accepted “at over 5,000 locations in Hong Kong where contactless payments are accepted, including stores such as at 7-Eleven, Circle K, Fortress, Mannings, Maxim’s Cakes, MX, McDonald’s, Pacific Coffee, ParknShop, SmarTone, Watsons, Wellcome, and more.” Moreover, it also works in several apps including Boutir Collect, Deliveroo, Kaligo, Klook, Snaptee, and coming soon, Uber. You can check here to see all the supported banks in Hong Kong, including Hang Seng Bank, DBS Bank, Dah Sing Bank, the Bank of East Asia, Standard Chartered Bank, and more. Australia In Australia, Google has listed an impressive number of supported banks — more than 25 including ANZ, Beyond Bank, and Macquarie. Unfortunately, ANZ is the only one out of the top four banks in Australia to support the payment service. To see the list of supported Australian banks, check here. Aussies will also soon be able to use Android Pay within select apps such as Catch of the Day, Deliveroo, Domino’s, EatNow, Hotel Tonight, Kogan.com and more. That means speedier checkout times in apps as you won’t have to type out all your credit card information. Singapore In late June, Singapore became the third country to get Android Pay. It’s compatible with any contactless terminal in the country and supports loyalty cards and credit card rewards programs. The service is compatible with MasterCard and Visa cards from many of the country’s largest institutions, including DBS Bank, Standard Chartered Bank, OCBC Bank, POSB Bank, and UOB. You can check the full list of supported banks in Singapore here. United Kingdom Google’s first financial partners in the U.K. are the Bank of Scotland, First Direct, Halifax, HSBC, Lloyds Bank, Nationwide, MBNA, and M&S Bank. The search giant recently added Santander, RBS, Ulster Bank, and NatWest to the list. Both MasterCard and Visa debit and credit cards from co-operating banks will work, and TSB customers should know only selected account types can use the service. Even though it supports Apple Pay, it doesn’t look like Barclays will ever support Android Pay. The second-largest U.K. bank launched its own NFC payments service called Contactless Mobile. You can check this list to see which banks support Android Pay in the U.K. Retailers that will accept Android Pay payments include Costa Coffee and Starbucks, Boots, Waitrose, Aldi, Superdrug, and KFC. Plus, like Apple Pay, transport for London’s ticketing system will support it. Various shopping apps such as Deliveroo, Fancy, Kickstarter, Zara, Takeaway.com, and Hotel Tonight will offer Android Pay as a payment option. The contactless payment restriction of £30 remains in place, but in some situations, you’ll be able to spend up to £100 provided you authorize the transaction using a fingerprint or PIN code. SUPPORT IN THE U.S. All four major banks in the U.S. support Android Pay — that’s Chase Bank, Wells Fargo, Citibank, and Bank of America. Chase Bank grossly lagged behind the rest of the major U.S. banks, but as of September 2016, it has finally added support for Android Pay. Of course, plenty of other banks are also lagging behind, but now the likes of BMO Harris have finally added support for the service. In addition to adding your credit and debit cards to the service, Bank of America is installing NFC-enabled ATMs around the country — this would allow you to access your bank account to withdraw cash just by tapping your phone. Other U.S. institutions, integrations In May 2017, Google announced support for 71 new banks and credit unions, including 1st Constitution Bank, Central State Bank, and more. If your bank or credit union didn’t already support Android Pay, it may well do so now. You can check out the full list of supported banks and credit unions for yourself here. Before that, Google added 46 new banks to its roster, but they are names many will not recognize, except for Fifth Third Bank. Some of the others, according to Android Police, include the Alaska USA Federal Credit Union, Greenfield Banking Company, and the Peoples Federal Credit Union. You can check to see if your bank supports the service here. Most banks that already support Apple Pay will back Google’s service since both use similar NFC technology for payments — other top institutions include PNC, Capital One, TD Bank, HSBC, American Express, Ally Bank, and USAA. In mid-December, the company added support for 31 additional rural banks and credit unions across the contiguous United States. They include Allegacy Federal Credit Union, the Bank of Walterboro, Canyon State Credit Union, First Piedmont Federal Savings, Jackson Community Federal Credit Union, Northeast Georgia Bank, San Francisco FCU, USC Credit Union, Verve, and Washington Trust Bank. The expanded support comes on the heels of 19 additions earlier in December 2016. These include 1st Advantage Federal Credit Union, ACU of Texas, Alpine Credit Union, Alternatives FCU, Bank of the Ozarks, Union State Bank of Fargo, and Valley Federal Credit Union. MasterCard, Visa, American Express, and Discover support Android Pay. Sites that support Visa Checkout and Masterpass will soon be able to handle Android Pay as well, thanks to a strategic partnership. You’ll be able to use your fingerprint to confirm payments as well, and Visa Checkout and Masterpass customers will be able to link their accounts with Android Pay as well. The integration will roll out in early 2017. Mobile banking app integration Android Pay is now integrating with several banking apps around the world to make it a little easier to use Android Pay. Now, many customers will be able to add cards to Android Pay from their mobile banking apps at the tap of a button. At the launch of the new feature, there are a few banks that are supported, including Bank of America, Discover, Bank of New Zealand, mBank, and USAA. In-App and mobile web purchases Although you’ll probably use Android Pay mostly in shops, it will also let you make in-app purchases. When you’re about to purchase something in an app that supports the service, you’ll see a button that will allow you to pay using Android Pay, eliminating the need to get your wallet and pull out your credit or debit card. At the moment, Google has listed more than a dozen apps that support in-app purchases with Android Pay including Lyft, OpenTable, Hotel Tonight, Instacart, and, most recently, Etsy. If you make purchases via the Chrome Browser app on your phone, you’re in luck. Google is adding support for Android Pay for certain sites, making the checkout process less of a hassle. It currently works with a handful of sites such as Groupon and 1-800-Flowers. The integration with Visa Checkout and Masterpass is sure to boost the number of sites that support Android Pay as well. “Just like in stores and in apps, Android Pay does not share actual account numbers with merchants, so users can shop online with confidence, knowing that Android Pay keeps their card number secure,” according to the Android blog. COMPATIBLE DEVICES AND SECURITY To use Android Pay, you’ll need an NFC-enabled smartphone running Android 4.4 KitKat and above. It will work at stores with NFC contactless payment terminals. Like most NFC payment systems, Android Pay comes with all the necessary security, including a way to shut down devices that have been stolen so nobody can use your card. The system uses tokenization, which processes transactions via individual random account numbers, rather than your actual credit or debit card account number. In-app purchases are as safe as its NFC contactless counterpart. Rewards and loyalty As Android Pay is meant to replace your wallet, it’s expanding to include all those other cards you would typically have on you as well — gift and loyalty cards. Google has been expanding its partnerships, and as such the company says Android Pay is the first mobile wallet to “deeply integrate” with Uber’s Payment Rewards program. Walgreens says its Balance Rewards members can now apply their loyalty account via Android Pay at checkout. If you’re a member, all you need to do is add your Balance Rewards card to the Android Pay app. When you’re at the register, hold up your Android smartphone to the NFC terminal to apply your rewards information — when you’re ready to pay, hold the smartphone up again at the same place. You’ll have to add your credit or debit card beforehand to complete the purchase, of course. Stores with NFC terminals support Android Pay Like all other forms of NFC payment, Android Pay will be accepted in more than one million stores across the United States, including Toys ‘R’ Us, GameStop, Subway, Whole Foods, and more. Walmart does not accept contactless payments, yet. This article was originally posted on Digital Trends Content provided by EMAIL SIGNUP INFORMATIONAL DISCLAIMER The information contained on or provided through this site is intended for general consumer understanding and education only and is not intended to be and is not a substitute for professional financial or accounting advice. Always seek the advice of your accountant or other qualified personal finance advisor for answers to any related questions you may have. Use of this site and any information contained on or provided through this site is at your own risk and any information contained on or provided through this site is provided on an "as is" basis without any representations or warranties. News News Sports Links & Numbers Monday's Child Money Talks Pet Vet Photo Galleries Facebook Twitter RSS Morning News Submit Birthday Recipes Event Calendar Morning Interviews Contests How to be a guest Weather Weather Blog Interactive Radar Current Temps Closings Android app iPad app iPhone app WeatherCall KOAM On Air Schedule Contact Us Job Openings DVD Request Form Advertise With Us FCC Public File Closed Captioning KOAM - Licensed to Pittsburg, Kansas Send tips, ideas and press releases to: tips@koamtv.com Send newsroom questions or comments to: comments@koamtv.com Phone: (417) 624-0233 or (620) 231-0400 Web comments or questions: webmaster@koamtv.com Newsroom Fax: (417) 624-3158 All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 KOAM. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy, and Terms of Service, and Ad Choices.
