Daily Express The Express Tribune Urdu E-Paper English E-Paper Watch Express News Live Wednesday, 29 Mar 2017 Subscribe Express News The Express Tribune Web Chutney Urdu E-Paper English E-Paper Watch Express News Live RSS Today's Paper Subscribe beta 2.1 Wednesday, 29 Mar 2017 Today's Paper Advertise Home Pakistan Business Tech Videos World Opinion Life & Style Sports T.Edit Blogs Jobs Classifieds Labs Events The Express Tribune > Technology   YouTube's bid to grab TV dollars imperiled by advertiser revolt Share Tweet YouTube's bid to grab TV dollars imperiled by advertiser revolt The immedi­ate financ­ial impact of the contro­versy is likely to be limite­d By Reuters Published: March 24, 2017 0SHARES Share Tweet Email The decision by a handful of high-profile consumer brands to pull advertising from Google’s YouTube over offensive content could threaten the site’s long-term strategy of stealing ad dollars from television, analysts and ad industry professionals said Thursday. The immediate financial impact of the controversy is likely to be limited, in part because a big chunk of YouTube revenue comes from smaller advertisers who lack the budget for TV campaigns and do not have easy alternatives. Some analysts also believe that departing advertisers, eager to reach YouTube’s millennial audience, will quickly return. Google apologises to ad clients for YouTube content fiasco But with “brand safety” emerging as a major concern for marketers amid a surge in hate speech and other types of offensive content across the internet, the widespread assumption that major advertisers are ready to shift large chunks of their budgets from TV to digital now looks much more dubious. The timing may also favor television networks as they usually present their fall line-ups and woo big advertisers starting in May, agency executives said. YouTube, part of Alphabet Inc (GOOGL.O), has spent years courting big brands that spend hundreds of millions annually on air time. But over the past week, companies including Verizon Communications Inc (VZ.N), AT&T Inc (T.N) and Johnson & Johnson (JNJ.N) have canceled their YouTube ad deals. “Video is actually a lot more fragile of an ecosystem than the Silicon Valley, software-eats-everything crowd may want to think,” said Joel Espelien, a senior analyst at the Diffusion Group, which studies the future of television. “The point is all content isn’t actually the same, all advertising isn’t actually all the same. There is an element of taste. And when you ruin that, the whole thing does kind of start to fall apart.” Google offers little visibility into YouTube’s financial performance, but analysts view it as a key driver for the company’s growth as its traditional search advertising business matures. Analyst Mark Mahaney of RBC Capital Markets estimates YouTube will bring in about $14 billion in revenue this year. Alphabet shares have fallen more than 3 percent since Monday, closing at $839.65 on Thursday. Vietnam urges firms to stop advertising on YouTube and Facebook Whether the recent events are a mere blip on the radar for Google or a harbinger of bigger problems to come may depend on whether the company can quickly improve its technical tools to give advertisers more control over where their ads appear. YouTube has begun reviewing its advertising policies and will take steps to give advertisers more control, Philipp Schindler, Google’s chief business officer, wrote in a blog post on Tuesday. Google also plans to hire more people for its review team and refine its artificial intelligence – a key step, since much of the ad-serving is handled by automation. Eric Schmidt, executive chairman of Alphabet, acknowledged in a Fox News interview that ads appearing next to videos promoting hate speech or advocating violence had slipped through the digital cracks in Google’s elaborate ad-serving systems. “We match ads and the content, but because we source the ads from everywhere, every once in a while somebody gets underneath the algorithm and they put in something that doesn’t match,” Schmidt said. “We’ve had to tighten our policies and actually increase our manual review time and so I think we’re going to be OK.” But Google’s public statements have done little to assuage advertisers’ fears, said David Cohen, president, North America, for media buying firm Magna Global. Privately, Google has gone into more detail about how it plans to combat the issue, including ratcheting up its algorithms to better categorize content and being more stringent about how content is labeled, Cohen said. But such additional controls would reduce the percentage of content that carries advertising and could disrupt the vibrant community of independent creators on YouTube, who drive traffic to the site and rely on revenue-sharing from advertising. YouTube faces a special imperative to keep creators happy as rivals such as Facebook Inc (FB.O) and Twitter Inc (TWTR.N) try to court talent for their own platforms, said Hank Green, a prominent YouTube creator who runs the VidCon conference. “YouTube has a decade-long head start, but obviously everyone wants a piece of the pie,” he said. This app lets you watch YouTube videos with friends Even before the most recent revelations about YouTube, control over online ad placement had become a hot button topic for advertisers. Social networks and news aggregators came under fire during and after the U.S. presidential election for spreading fake news reports, and advertisers have also sought to avoid having their brands appear beside content that they categorize as hate speech. “Between non-human traffic and fraud, fake news and hate speech, brands are more concerned than ever,” said Marc Goldberg, CEO of Trust Metrics, a New York-based company that addresses ad fraud. Read more: Advertisers , Latest , youtube Read full story Recommended Stories Google apologises to ad clients for YouTube content fiasco Ads of some high-profile firms appeared alongside offensive videos on YouTube This app lets you watch YouTube videos with friends Uptime lets you share and watch YouTube videos together with friends no matter where they are Vietnam urges firms to stop advertising on YouTube and Facebook Communist country is increasing pressure on advertisers to try to get Google to remove 'toxic' content Facebook Conversations Leave Your Reply Below Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Email Location Your comments may appear in The Express Tribune paper. For this reason we encourage you to provide your city. The Express Tribune does not bear any responsibility for user comments. Notify me of followup comments via e-mail Comments are moderated and generally will be posted if they are on-topic and not abusive. For more information, please see our Comments FAQ. Most Read 1 Mahira Khan, Alia Bhatt wore the exact same outfit, but who wore it first? 2 Pakistani man wins right to change religion from Islam to Judaism 3 After KJo, is Kajol anti Rani Mukherji as well? 4 Adnan Sami reveals why he applied for Indian passport 5 Mahira Khan looks like a dream in this off-white sari 6 Noor Bukhari files for divorce from husband Wali Hamid Ali Khan 7 Woman successfully sues Punjab University for error that damaged her reputation 8 After public spat with Kapil Sharma, Sunil Grover invites everyone to his very own show 9 9 places that serve the best french fries in Karachi 10 This new smartphone may give Apple and Samsung a reason to worry Connect With Tribune News Like Us On Facebook Follow Us On Twitter Get news delivered to your inbox Your Email Address Great! You'll get your first email soon. Recent Slideshows Comic Wisdom - by Sabir Nazar (March 2017) Comic Wisdom - by Sabir Nazar (February 2017) Fashion Under One Roof Of Gems and WildFlowers More in TechnologyKhalid Masood: ‘A nice guy’ turned extremist © 2017 The Express Tribune. Technical feedback? [email protected] Pakistan Sindh Punjab Balochistan KP & FATA Jammu & Kashmir Gilgit Baltistan Life & Style Books Music TV & Film Fashion Food Gossip Videos Slideshows Videos Opinion Editorial Letters A -- Z Blogs Business World Sports Technology Magazine WebChutney Others About us Online Advertising RSS Feeds Google+ Subscribe to the Paper Contact us Careers Style Guide Privacy Policy Copyrights Code of ethics This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, redistributed or derived from. Unless otherwise stated, all content is copyrighted © 2017 The Express Tribune. Technical feedback? [email protected] facebook twitter whatsapp
Daily Express The Express Tribune Urdu E-Paper English E-Paper Watch Express News Live Wednesday, 29 Mar 2017 Subscribe Express News The Express Tribune Web Chutney Urdu E-Paper English E-Paper Watch Express News Live RSS Today's Paper Subscribe beta 2.1 Wednesday, 29 Mar 2017 Today's Paper Advertise Home Pakistan Business Tech Videos World Opinion Life & Style Sports T.Edit Blogs Jobs Classifieds Labs Events The Express Tribune > Business   AT&T, Verizon join Google ad boycott Share Tweet AT&T, Verizon join Google ad boycott Brands concer­ned over ads appear­ing alongs­ide undesi­rable websit­es or videos­ By AFP Published: March 24, 2017 0SHARES Share Tweet Email PHOTO: AFP WASHINGTON: AT&T and Verizon have joined global firms pulling ads from Google, saying they did not want their brands associated with inappropriate content on the internet giant. The move by the two US telecom giants came despite a pledge by Google this week to offer new tools for companies to avoid placing ads alongside undesirable websites or videos. “We are deeply concerned that our ads may have appeared alongside YouTube content promoting terrorism and hate,” an emailed statement from AT&T said, indicating it was removing non-search ads from Google. Verizon said it discovered its ads were appearing on “non-sanctioned websites,” and that it takes “careful measures to ensure our brand is not impacted negatively”. Google unveils tools to prevent ads alongside undesirable content A Verizon spokesperson said in an email: “We took immediate action to suspend this type of ad placement and launched an investigation. We are working with all of our digital advertising partners to understand the weak links so we can prevent this from happening in the future.” The announcements follow similar actions from the British arm of Havas, one of the world’s top advertising agencies, as well as banking giant HSBC, retailer Marks & Spencer, the BBC and the Guardian newspaper group. On Monday, Google apologised for the placement of ads on militant content and pledged it would address the concerns.“We know advertisers don’t want their ads next to content that doesn’t align with their values,” Google’s Chief Business Officer Philipp Schindler said in a blog post. Google apologises to ad clients for YouTube content fiasco The boycott began last week after the Times newspaper of London found BBC programmes were promoted alongside videos posted by American white supremacist and former Ku Klux Klan member David Duke as well as videos by Wagdi Ghoneim, a preacher banned from Britain for inciting hatred. Published in The Express Tribune, March 24th, 2017. Like Business on Facebook, follow @TribuneBiz on Twitter to stay informed and join in the conversation. Read more: google ads , Latest Read full story Recommended Stories Google unveils tools to prevent ads alongside undesirable content The move came a day after an apology by a senior Google executive Google apologises to ad clients for YouTube content fiasco Ads of some high-profile firms appeared alongside offensive videos on YouTube Hacked websites on the rise: Google The number of websites hacked rose by 32 per cent compared to last year Facebook Conversations Leave Your Reply Below Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Email Location Your comments may appear in The Express Tribune paper. For this reason we encourage you to provide your city. The Express Tribune does not bear any responsibility for user comments. Notify me of followup comments via e-mail Comments are moderated and generally will be posted if they are on-topic and not abusive. For more information, please see our Comments FAQ. Most Read 1 Mahira Khan, Alia Bhatt wore the exact same outfit, but who wore it first? 2 Pakistani man wins right to change religion from Islam to Judaism 3 After KJo, is Kajol anti Rani Mukherji as well? 4 Adnan Sami reveals why he applied for Indian passport 5 Mahira Khan looks like a dream in this off-white sari 6 Noor Bukhari files for divorce from husband Wali Hamid Ali Khan 7 Woman successfully sues Punjab University for error that damaged her reputation 8 After public spat with Kapil Sharma, Sunil Grover invites everyone to his very own show 9 9 places that serve the best french fries in Karachi 10 This new smartphone may give Apple and Samsung a reason to worry Connect With Tribune News Like Us On Facebook Follow Us On Twitter Get news delivered to your inbox Your Email Address Great! You'll get your first email soon. Recent Slideshows Comic Wisdom - by Sabir Nazar (March 2017) Comic Wisdom - by Sabir Nazar (February 2017) Fashion Under One Roof Of Gems and WildFlowers More in BusinessUber reviews India leasing scheme as driver incomes drop © 2017 The Express Tribune. Technical feedback? [email protected] Pakistan Sindh Punjab Balochistan KP & FATA Jammu & Kashmir Gilgit Baltistan Life & Style Books Music TV & Film Fashion Food Gossip Videos Slideshows Videos Opinion Editorial Letters A -- Z Blogs Business World Sports Technology Magazine WebChutney Others About us Online Advertising RSS Feeds Google+ Subscribe to the Paper Contact us Careers Style Guide Privacy Policy Copyrights Code of ethics This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, redistributed or derived from. Unless otherwise stated, all content is copyrighted © 2017 The Express Tribune. Technical feedback? [email protected] facebook twitter whatsapp
close This ad will auto close in 10 seconds हिन्दी मराठी বাংলা தமிழ் हिन्दी हिन्दी मराठी বাংলা தமிழ் Live TV Live TV Toggle navigation INDIA City Mumbai Kolkata Pune Bengaluru Chennai Hyderabad Ahmedabad STATES Andhra Pradesh Assam Bihar Chhattisgarh Delhi NCR Goa Gujarat Haryana Himachal Pradesh Jammu and Kashmir Jharkhand Karnataka Kerala Madhya Pradesh Maharashtra North East Odisha Punjab Rajasthan Tamil Nadu Telangana Uttar Pradesh Uttarakhand UTs West Bengal World Asia Africa Americas Europe Australia-Oceania Business Economy Markets Personal Finance Companies International Business Real Estate Market Stats Bullion Automobile SPORTS Football Tennis Badminton Other sports Cricket TECHNOLOGY Gadgets Mobiles Gaming Apps Internet & Social Media Science & Environment Space Environment Discoveries Science Entertainment Bollywood Television Music Regional Movie Reviews Hollywood LIFESTYLE People Relationships Travel Food & Recipes Fashion Culture Horoscope Spirituality HEALTH Blogs Photo VIDEO News » Business » International Business ﻿ Google ad boycott could aim ire at ad-serving software Reuters | Last Updated: Friday, March 24, 2017 - 10:57 0 Shares Facebook Twitter Whatsapp  Comment Follow @ZeeNews Google`s money-making foundation is strong enough to endure a current boycott by advertisers, but the movement could rattle the practice of software "programmed" ad placement, analysts said on Thursday.   MUST READ Verizon, AT&T suspend ads from Google over offensive videos The internet giant`s core business of serving up advertising along with online search results appeared to be safe from the boycott, motivated by companies seeking assurances that their marketing messages won`t be displayed along with hateful or outright terrorist content, particularly videos on Google-operated YouTube. The "backlash" could broaden into a rebellion against the market practice of software programming ad placements, slowing not only Google`s revenue but also that of other internet firms, according to Jackdaw chief analyst Jan Dawson. "I would think Google (and parent company Alphabet) would be extremely lucky to emerge from all this with minimal financial impact," he said in a blog post. "I think it`s far more likely it sees both a short-term dent in its revenues and profits from the spreading boycotts and possibly a longer-term impact as brands reconsider their commitments to programmatic advertising in general." California-based Google, which has seen a slew of companies withdraw ads fearing placement alongside extremist content, said this week it is introducing new tools to give firms greater control. "We know advertisers don`t want their ads next to content that doesn`t align with their values," Google`s chief business officer Philipp Schindler said in a blog post. "We`re taking a tougher stance on hateful, offensive and derogatory content." The boycott began last week after the Times newspaper of London found BBC programs were promoted alongside videos posted by American white supremacist and former Ku Klux Klan member David Duke as well as Wagdi Ghoneim, an Islamist preacher banned from Britain for inciting hatred. The analysis found more than 200 anti-Semitic videos, and that Google had failed to remove six of them within the 24-hour period mandated by the European Union after it anonymously signaled their presence. The British government subsequently put its YouTube advertising on hold, saying in a statement, "it is totally unacceptable that taxpayer-funded advertising has appeared next to inappropriate internet content." Others to pull the plug, temporarily at least, include the BBC, The Guardian newspaper group, McDonalds UK and the British arm of the major advertising agency Havas. The movement spread to the United States this week, with AT&T and Verizon pulling ads from Google. Google`s parent Alphabet has lost slightly more than $20 billion in value since the start of this week based on a slip in its share price, in a sign the boycott has made investors nervous.Still, analysts believe the boycott`s overall financial impact should be relatively small given the breadth of Google`s advertising activities. Even a "draconian" estimate of fiscal damage was limited to whittling perhaps a percent off Alphabet`s revenue, Morgan Stanley said in a note to investors. "It is a hit on their revenue, but it is an even bigger hit on their brand; on their reputation," Altimeter Group principal analyst Charlene Li said. "Google hasn`t taken it seriously enough." She recommended that Google engage advertisers directly and openly. A solution may not be easy. Google needs to strike a balance between pleasing advertisers and those who upload videos to YouTube and are free to take their creations elsewhere if unsatisfied with their shares of ad revenue. Google`s setbacks could benefit traditional television networks as ad dollars return there from YouTube or stall a shift to online, Morgan Stanley said. Google rivals such as Facebook could also benefit if they prove safer havens for digital advertising. Above all, the boycott highlights the limits of "programmatic" advertising, the practice of letting software algorithms decide pairing between marketing messages and content sought by online viewers. The technology is broadly used by internet firms, which heavily rely on software and artificial intelligence to figure out what ads will interest people at any given moment. Advertisers can chose "keywords" for targeting their ads, or sometimes use demographic options such as age groups or where people live. Google and the leading social network Facebook stopped publishing ads on websites posting sensational and fabricated stories following controversy about the role "fake news" may have played in the US presidential election last year. In February, YouTube ended an advertising partnership with its biggest star, PewDiePie, who had published videos containing anti-Semitic insults and Nazi references. The boycott will push for programmatic ad software to become more precise and better understand the content offered for pairing in order to reduce risks for advertisers, Li said. First Published: Friday, March 24, 2017 - 10:57 Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus MOST READ TOP NEWS MOST VIEWED These rules will change from April 1 – Know how they will impact you The big online merger: Is Snapdeal going to merge with Flipkart? 'Trump admin may approve major export of natural gas to India' Nissan Terrano Facelift launched at starting price of Rs 9.99 lakh Now, Aadhaar card mandatory for getting driving licence – Know details Premium of Cars, Bikes and health insurance to be increased from April Govt to bring 1-page income tax return filing process from April 1 Govt imposed 10% custom duty on wheat Xiaomi CEO meets Modi, promises more jobs Now unreserved rail tickets on smartphones in 15 more stations India should not bar China in rail sector: Chinese daily Govt to borrow Rs 3.72 lakh crore in Apr-Sept Related News Truecaller, Google tie up to improve video calling YouTube ad boycott may cost Google $750 mn Google introduces shortcuts to its Search Verizon, AT&T suspend ads from Google over offensive videos Google unveils tools to prevent ads with undesirable content TAGS Google Google advertising YouTube Google revenue Jan Dawson Gallery World's Top 10 Oil Producing Countries Union Budget 2017 World Economic Forum Davos 2017 TOP VIDEOS Govt imposed 10% custom duty on wheat Premium of Cars, Bikes and health insurance to be increased from April EPFO may release its notification for housing scheme contact Privacy Policy Legal Disclaimer complaint Our Team investor info Careers WHERE TO WATCH Partner Site: DAILY NEWS AND ANALYSIS news India States World Technology Science & Environment Health Photo entertainment Bollywood television Music Regional Movie Reviews Hollywood lifestyle People Relationships Travel Food & Recipes Fashion Culture Horoscope Spirituality sports Cricket Badminton Football Tennis Other Sports business Automobile Economy Markets Personal Finance Market Stats Companies Real Estate Bullion International Business India City Mumbai Kolkata Pune Bengaluru Chennai Hyderabad Ahmedabad STATES Andhra Pradesh Assam Bihar Chhattisgarh Delhi NCR Goa Gujarat Haryana Himachal Pradesh Jammu and Kashmir Jharkhand Karnataka Kerala Madhya Pradesh Maharashtra North East Odisha Punjab Rajasthan Tamil Nadu Telangana Uttar Pradesh Uttarakhand UTs West Bengal World Asia Africa Americas Europe Australia-Oceania Technology Gadgets Mobiles Gaming Apps Internet & Social Media Science & Environment Space Environment Discoveries Science Hindi Home देश प्रदेश दुनिया खेल-खिलाड़ी कारोबार ज्ञान-विज्ञान मनोरंजन ज़ी स्पेशल सेहत तस्वीरें वीडियो भविष्यफल Marathi Home मुंबई महाराष्ट्र भारत विश्व स्पोर्ट्स बार कल्लाबाजी हेल्थ मंत्रा ब्लॉगर्स पार्क युथ क्लब Exclusive फोटो व्हिडिओ भविष्य Bengali Home Kolkata State Nation World Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Blogs Health Photos Videos Slideshows Weather Inverstors Home About ZMCL Listing Document Shareholding Pattern Presentations & Releases Board of Directors Financials-Annual Financials-Quarterly Q&A Transcripts Code of Conduct Notices © 1998-2017 Zee Media Corporation Ltd (An Essel Group Company), All rights reserved.
Tech News Home > Tech > Tech News < Back to SMG 45 Friday, 24 March 2017 | MYT 12:43 PM YouTube hate videos snare Ikea ads as Google crisis spreads More cracks showing: The controversy over ad placement, now in its second week, is expanding at a pace Alphabet Inc’s Google has struggled to match in its response. — Reuters Major advertisers across Europe are still appearing alongside extremist YouTube videos days after technology giant Google said it was taking steps to protect its clients from inadvertently supporting hate.  An anti-Semitic clip claiming the existence of a “Jewish World Order” was featured alongside advertisements in Germany from insurer AXA SA, oil company Total SA in France, Range Rover vehicles in South Africa, footwear retailer Skopunkten and website Tradera in Sweden, Bloomberg searches of YouTube from each country found on Thursday.  Separately, a sermon by preacher Ahmad Musa Jibril, who according to US prosecutors once took credit for a terrorist bombing in Saudi Arabia, can be viewed alongside advertisements from Nissan in Sweden and wireless carrier MTN Group in South Africa. Meanwhile, the Islamophobic English Defence League gathers support from advertisers Total, Netflix Inc, IBM and watchmaker Tag Heuer International in France.  The controversy over ad placement, now in its second week, is expanding at a pace Alphabet Inc’s Google has struggled to match in its response. On Thursday, as Alphabet Chairman Eric Schmidt said Google could “get pretty close” to guaranteeing companies’ ads won’t be placed near hateful material, advertisers throughout Europe were confronting more than a dozen new examples and scrambling to protect their brands.  “We didn’t know that our ads were played in this context,” Axa spokeswoman Anja Kroll said in an email. “We have immediately arranged for an update of the filters and stopped the delivery” of the ads because “diversity, tolerance and openness are values that are of key importance for us and that we practice daily.”  Awaiting answers  While Axa hasn’t pulled its ads from YouTube, the German unit is using “blacklist” filters to prevent its ads from appearing next to extremist, racist or other undesired content, Kroll said. In this case, she said, the filters apparently failed.  “We don’t comment on individual videos but as announced, we’ve begun an extensive review of our advertising policies and have made a public commitment to put in place changes that give brands more control over where their ads appear,” a Google spokesperson said. “We’re also raising the bar for our ads policies to further safeguard our advertisers’ brands.”  Range Rover said in an email it was suspending its YouTube campaign in South Africa while it investigates. Telenor Sweden, which had an ad showing before a propaganda video from a Swedish neo-Nazi group, also halted all YouTube advertising, according to Aron Samuelsson, a spokesman.  Nissan said it was “urgently reviewing” with Google while Nilson Group AB, owner of Skopunkten, said it had asked its media agency about the ads and is “awaiting answers,” according to Linda Fernell, a spokeswoman. Total, IBM, MTN, Tag Heuer, HBO and Netflix didn’t respond or had no immediate comment. Tradera’s owner, Paypal Holdings Inc, declined to comment.  In Sweden, an Ikea AB spot was found alongside a homophobic and anti-Semitic video entitled: “Gay Pride Parade a Tool of International Jews.” An ad for HBO’s The Young Pope found its way to the pre-roll for “Jewish Hypocrisy – Flooding Europe With Immigrants” in Spain.  “It is completely unacceptable that IKEA appears in a context like this,” spokeswoman Cecilia Nettelbladt Stenberg said by phone. “What we’ve done now is to ask our media agency to immediately investigate the reason behind this.”  Maximum volume  The discomfort highlights the reliance of Google and Facebook Inc on automated computer programs that maximise volume and have helped them dominate online advertising, through their popular sites and their advertising networks. Digital advertising grew by 17% globally to US$178bil (RM788.54bil) in 2016, according to marketing consultant Magna Global, which projects that digital-based ad sales will overtake TV to become the No. 1 media category this year.  The global array of companies caught up in the controversy illustrates the scale of the problem for Google, which risks potential financial and reputational damage. The company was already facing claims in lawsuit by the family of a terror attack victim that it profits from ads linked to terrorist propaganda promoting violence. The latest crisis erupted after a Times of London investigation last week revealed ads running alongside offensive content. Alphabet’s market value has dropped by about US$24bil (RM106.12bil) this week.  “A cascade of major brand boycotts for Google ad spend (mostly non-search) has emerged, raising concerns on first quarter and second quarter results and the future of programmatic advertising,” Justin Post, an analyst with Bank of America Merrill Lynch, wrote in a research note on March 23, referencing the automated software programs Google uses to match advertisers with content online.  JP Morgan Chase & Co and Ford Motor Co suspended their YouTube ads on March 23. AT&T Inc, Johnson & Johnson, GlaxoSmithKline Plc and Verizon Communications Inc joined the boycott earlier this week, after British Broadcasting Corp, Sainsbury Plc, Volkswagen AG and Toyota Motor Corp said they had pulled ads in the UK.  The latest examples show the scope of the Google’s problem isn’t confined to two large markets. It’s global, affecting major advertisers in big European markets including Germany, France and Sweden, as well as South Africa.  At Skopunkten, a major shoe-store chain in Sweden, spokeswoman Fernell said she was unaware of the “Jewish World Order” video but said the company had noticed some unwanted videos popping up in its YouTube campaigns. “I hope they can help us redirect the ads,” she said. “We need to learn more about this.”  While Google’s tools can be incredibly sophisticated, allowing ads to follow users from site to site, the software hasn’t fully matched the human judgment necessary to protect brands from inadvertently funnelling cash to causes their customers would find objectionable. The high number of intermediaries in digital advertising further complicates the problem. So Google’s announced fixes may not completely solve the challenge.  “Google isn’t yet fully addressing advertisers’ concerns and needs to take stronger steps to regain the trust of brands,” Morgan Stanley analyst Brian Nowak wrote in a note to clients on March 23.  Google said on March 21 that it was increasing safeguards to protect advertisers, such as automatically excluding ads from videos deemed “potentially objectionable” and giving advertisers more control over placement. While YouTube revenue isn’t reported separately by Google, analysts estimate the video site brings in billions of dollars each year, and say it’s among Google’s fastest-growing businesses.  Schmidt, in an appearance on Fox Business Network’s Mornings With Maria on March 23, said Google can generally ensure clients that their ads won’t be placed next to “hate” content.  “We match the ads and the content,” Schmidt said, according to a transcript from Fox Business. “But because we source the ads from everywhere, every once in a while somebody gets underneath the algorithm and they put in something that doesn’t match.”  He said that Google had tightened its policies and increased the amount of time it spends manually reviewing the content, “and so I think we’re going to be okay.” — Bloomberg Tags / Keywords: Foreign News , Corporate News , Advertising & Media , Analyst Reports , Technology Related Stories You May Be Interested Pre-orders for Sony Xperia XZs and XA1 start today Chinese court rules in favour of Apple in local design patent disputes Intel tries to fire up high-end PC demand with new memory chips Digi spearheads digital learning trend among employees Staying connected through social media Is technology ruining your relationship? Others Also Read Residents grateful for Duke access road to Taman Koperasi Polis When hijab meets saree Italian police disrupt protest to prevent olive grove removal advertisement Latest News Uber to end services in Denmark after less than three years China's Tencent takes 5 pct stake in electric-car maker Tesla Banks try to calm staff nerves with staggered Brexit shift Chinese automaker BYD's Q1 profit to fall up to 35pct as green car sales slow Facebook adds camera features, moving closer to Snapchat Most Viewed in Tech Uber to end services in Denmark after less than three years Pre-orders for Sony Xperia XZs and XA1 start today Samsung to sell refurbished Galaxy Note 7 smartphones Fujifilm X-T20 and X100F hit store shelves Workflow app is free to download after Apple acquisition Facebook adds camera features, moving closer to Snapchat Stephen Hawking appears as hologram in Hong Kong Elon Musk's new company could allow uploading, downloading thoughts Echonet Consortiums of Japan, Malaysia and India sign a partnership agreement Facebook Messenger gets mentions and reactions, including a 'dislike' button Powered by advertisement advertisement site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Lifestyle Tech Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services Magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs Advertising View Our Rate Card Policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu StarProperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com Search The Star Online   Connect with us Content Partner Our Radio Stations site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Tech Lifestyle Travel Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs advertising View Our Rate Card policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu starproperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com social media Facebook Twitter Copyright © 1995- Star Media Group Berhad (ROC 10894D)
FIRSTPOST TECH2 FAKING NEWS फर्स्टपोस्ट हिंदी News & Analysis Reviews Biztech Startup Gaming Auto News Videos most commented Coolpad Cool 1 review: This is the Le 2 in a new body which offers nothing compelling By Kunal Khullar 9   Comments Airtel now offers 1GB daily data and free calls at Rs 345 a month By tech2 News Staff 3   Comments Airtel Surprise offer for postpaid users gives 30GB free 4G data via the MyAirtel app By tech2 News Staff 2   Comments Fastrack launches ‘Fastrack Reflex’, a wearable aimed at youth for Rs 1,995 By tech2 News Staff 1   Comments Nokia C1 renders and specifications leak: Expect a Snapdragon 830, 4GB RAM and dual-cameras By tech2 News Staff 1   Comments more from #Google YouTube boycott by advertisers could cost Google $750 million in revenue Facebook has added live-location-sharing to Messenger; lets you share location up to 60 minutes Google Play Store gets a 'Free App of the Week' section Top Reviews Pixel XL (32GB) Editor rating : 8 Price: 67,000 iPhone 7 Plus (256GB) Editor rating : 8 Price: 92,000 ThinkPad X1 Carbon (Core i5-6300U) Editor rating : 8 Price: 106,000 XPS 13 Core i7 (Z560035HIN9) Editor rating : 8 Price: 133,000 Z2 Plus (4GB RAM/64GB) Editor rating : 7.5 Price: 19,999 You are here: Home > News & Analysis> Google Hangouts will drop support for SMS in May, suggests leaked email By tech2 News Staff /  24 Mar 2017 , 10:28 #Google Google Hangouts is an odd app in Google’s app stable. It’s one of those things you tend to use because it’s there rather than because you want to. Google itself appears to be confused about the app and have maintained it virtually unchanged for many years now. As a stock app found on most Android devices, Hangouts was always surprisingly limited in design and function. One can even make the argument that Apple’s Messages app offers more. With SMS a dying medium in today’s age, support for the service was just a legacy feature anyway. Also, Google’s own Android Messages app does a far better job at handling SMS than anything else in the Android marketplace. Google sent an email to administrators explaining that the feature will disabled on 22 May. The mail added that users will be informed that they need to switch to a new app well in advance. This email was leaked on Reddit and can be found in its entirety here. As The Verge points out, Google is intent on transforming Hangouts into something akin to Slack, a communication tool for teams and enterprises. If you’re looking for a new SMS app, simply download the aforementioned Android Messages. Allo and Duo are options if you want to try a Google-based messaging (not SMS) and VoIP type service, but of course, you’re already using WhatsApp anyway. Publish date: March 24, 2017 10:28 am| Modified date: March 24, 2017 10:28 am Tags: Google, Google Apps, Google+ Hangouts, Hangouts SMS, SMS app, SMS app for Android Also read Google+ Hangouts on Air to move to YouTube from 12 September Google ‘Hangouts Meet’ tool and Slack lookalike ‘Hangouts Chat’ launched, only for enterprise users X Recommended For You YouTube boycott by advertisers could cost Google $750 million in revenue Facebook has added live-location-sharing to Messenger; lets you share location up to 60 minutes Google Play Store gets a ‘Free App of the Week’ section High court orders Google India and YouTube to remove objectionable videos Subscribe to our newsletter GO You are Now Subscribed to our Newsletter - Stay Tuned ! FOLLOW US ON LAPTOP Reviews Rating : 8 / 10 MSI GT73VR 7RF gaming laptop review: Ludicrous performance at a ludicrous price Rating : 8 / 10 Asus ROG Strix GL553VE laptop review: A well-designed powerhouse Rating : 7.5 / 10 Acer Aspire S13 review: This might just be the best Windows-based Ultrabook in its price range Rating : 7 / 10 Asus ROG G551VW review: An excellent balance of price and performance #Xiaomi Mar 28, 2017 Xiaomi CEO Lei Jun meets Prime Minister Narendara Modi, assures more job in India #OnePlus Mar 28, 2017 OnePlus 3 and 3T bug allows hackers to hack your smartphone using malicious chargers #Artificial Intelligence Mar 28, 2017 Dubai to begin using artificial intelligence in government sector #Panasonic Mar 28, 2017 Panasonic launches Lumix GH5 mirrorless camera with 4K video in India #OnePlus Mar 28, 2017 OxygenOS 4.1.1 and HydrogenOS Beta 10 rollout begins for OnePlus 3 and 3T SMARTPHONE Reviews Rating : 6.5 / 10 Asus ZenFone 3 Laser Review: Borderline decent smartphone, with an unfortunate price tag Rating : 6.5 / 10 Samsung Galaxy J7 Prime: Great battery life; but competition offers better value for money Rating : 5.5 / 10 Karbonn Quattro L52 VR Review: Don’t bother buying this Rating : 7 / 10 Honor 5C review: A well-balanced device that lacks any defining quality T & C Policy Contact Us फर्स्टपोस्ट हिन्दी Copyright © 2017 Tech2.com
News Sports Business Real Estate Sign In Subscribe Sign In Subscribe Home Customer Service Site Information Contact Us About Us Herald Store RSS Feeds Special Sections Advertise Advertise with Us Media Kit Mobile Mobile Apps & eReaders Mobile Alerts Newsletters Social Facebook Twitter Google+ Instagram YouTube Digital Edition News Sections News South Florida Miami-Dade Broward Florida Keys Florida Politics Weird News Weather National & World National World Americas Cuba Guantánamo Haiti Venezuela Local Issues Crime Education Environment Health Care In Depth Issues & Ideas Traffic Sports Sections Sports Blogs & Columnists Pro & College Miami Dolphins Miami Heat Miami Marlins Florida Panthers College Sports University of Miami Florida International University of Florida Florida State University More Sports High School Sports Auto Racing Fighting Golf Horse Racing Outdoors Soccer Tennis Youth Sports Other Sports Politics Politics Elections 2016 Business Sections Business Business Monday Banking International Business National Business Personal Finance Real Estate News Small Business Technology Tourism & Cruises Workplace Business Plan Challenge Blogs & Columnists Cindy Krischer Goodman The Starting Gate Work/Life Balancing Act Movers Living Sections Living Advice Fashion Food & Drink Health & Fitness Home & Garden Pets Recipes Travel Wine Blogs & Columnists Dave Barry Ana Veciana-Suarez Flashback Miami More Living LGBTQ South Florida Palette Magazine Indulge Magazine South Florida Album Broward Album Entertainment Sections Entertainment Books Comics Games & Puzzles Horoscopes Movies Music & Nightlife People Performing Arts Restaurants TV Visual Arts Blogs & Columnists Christine Dolen Jordan Levin Jose Lambiet Lesley Abravanel Rene Rodriguez More Entertainment Events Calendar Miami.com Contests & Promotions Opinion Sections All Opinion Editorials Op-Ed Editorial Cartoons Jim Morin Letters to the Editor From Our Inbox Speak Up Submit a Letter Meet the Editorial Board Blogs & Columnists Blog Directory Columnist Directory Andres Oppenheimer Carl Hiaasen Glenn Garvin Leonard Pitts Jr. Fred Grimm Fabiola Santiago Obituaries Obituaries Obituaries in the News Place an Obituary Classifieds Place an ad All Classifieds Announcements Apartments Auctions/Sales Automotive Commercial Real Estate Employment Garage Sales Legals Merchandise Obituaries Pets Public Notices Real Estate Services Public Notices Cars Jobs Moonlighting Real Estate Shopping el Nuevo Herald Miami.com Business March 23, 2017 7:05 PM Senate votes to kill privacy rules guarding your online info In this photo taken Jan. 11, 2011, the Verizon logo is displayed in New York. The Republican-led Senate moved Thursday, March 23, 2017, to undo Obama-era regulations that would have forced internet service providers like Comcast and Verizon to ask customers’ permission before they could use or sell much of their personal information. Mark Lennihan AP Photo i By TALI ARBEL and RICHARD LARDNER Associated Press LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story NEW YORK The Senate voted to kill Obama-era online privacy regulations , a first step toward allowing internet providers such as Comcast, AT&T and Verizon to sell your browsing habits and other personal information as they expand their own online ad businesses. Those rules, not yet in effect, would have required internet providers to ask your permission before sharing your personal information. That's a much stronger privacy-protection weapon than letting them use your data until you tell them to stop. As anyone who has ever tried to stop getting targeted ads on the internet knows, opting out is hard. Without those protections, consumer advocates fear that broadband providers will be able to do what they like with people's data. "Advertisers and marketers are lining up to get access to all the information that's now available about us," said Jeff Chester of the Center for Digital Democracy, which advocates for tougher internet privacy measures. ONLINE PRIVACY? WHAT ONLINE PRIVACY? Of course, Google and Facebook already track you. But proponents of the privacy measure argued that the company that sells you your internet connection can see even more about you: every website you visit, every app that sends or receives data, everyone you email and many that you message. Telecom companies argue that companies like Google know far more about users than they do. Consumer advocates also point out that it can be hard, in many areas of the country, to dump your cable or phone company for another one if you don't like its practices. Of course, it's also hard to stop using Google or Facebook. Undoing the Federal Communications Commission's regulation leaves people's online information in a murky area. Today, you can tell a broadband provider not to use your data. Experts say federal law still requires broadband providers to protect customer information — but it doesn't spell out how or what companies must do. That's what the now endangered rules from the Federal Communications Commission aimed to do. "There's kind of a void," said Perkins Coie telecom attorney Marc Martin. BUIDLING DIGITAL-AD BUSINESSESES Cable companies, cellphone carriers and the advertising industry attacked the FCC rules as an overreach. Having to get permission from customers to use their browsing and app histories would likely make it more difficult to build stronger ad businesses, as telecomcompanies want to do. Internet companies like Google operate under laxer requirements and don't have to ask users' permission before tracking what sites they visit. Republicans and industry groups have blasted that discrepancy, saying it was unfair and confusing for consumers. REGULATORY TUSSLE If the just-passed measure also clears the House and is signed by President Donald Trump, no future FCC could pass the broadband privacy rules again without further change to U.S. law. The Trump-appointed chairman of the FCC, Ajit Pai, is a critic of the broadband privacy rules and has said he wants to roll them back , along with other Obama-era policies meant to protect consumers and promote competition. He and other Republicans want a different federal agency, the Federal Trade Commission, to police privacy for both broadband companies like AT&T and internet companies like Google. But broadband providers don't currently fall under FTC jurisdiction, and advocates say the FTC has historically been a weaker agency than the FCC. "At the FCC, consumers are much more protected with strong privacy rules that give (internet service providers) clear rules as to what's fair and what's foul," Dallas Harris, a policy fellow with consumer advocacy group Public Knowledge, said last month. "The FCC is a stronger entity with a bit more teeth to hold ISPs' feet to the fire." Related content LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Business Suggested for you Comments Videos facebook twitter email Share More Videos 1:10 Cruise ship's wake destroys Italian marina Pause 11:35 Family film clips shows one of the last U.S.-Cuba cruises 1:55 Virgin makes surprise announcement 1:22 Two Miami-Dade police detectives ambushed and shot Monday night 1:51 Stunning and removing non-native fish stocks in the Everglades 2:23 Last call for Miami Heat at the Palace of Auburn Hills 2:53 Ultra Music Festival Day 3 2:42 Miami Dolphins coach Adam Gase meets the press at combine 0:56 Armed robbery suspect forgets to put on mask 0:26 Key deer infected with screwworm on road to recovery Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email 4 days ago Busch Gardens Food and Wine festival 1:01 4 days ago Busch Gardens Food and Wine festival 4:24 4 days ago Universal Orlando's Homemade Jambalaya 4:17 4 days ago Epcot International Food & Wine Festival View more video Business Greater Miami’s high-skilled workforce is fueled largely by immigrant talent, too American Airlines buys stake in China Southern Airlines Stonegate Bank to be acquired by Home BancShares What it’s like to run a billion-dollar startup — at age 28 Florida’s former top federal prosecutor, Wifredo Ferrer, joins Holland & Knight Editor's Choice Videos Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Digital Edition Home Delivery Vacation Hold Report a Delivery Error Miami Herald Rewards Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us NewsMedia in Education Public Insight Network Reader Panel Social, Mobile & More Facebook Twitter Google+ Mobile Apps & eReaders Mobile Alerts Newsletters Advertising Place a Classified Media Kit Commercial Printing Public Notices Shopping Copyright Commenting Policy Privacy Policy Terms of Service Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Digital Edition Home Delivery Vacation Hold Report a Delivery Error Miami Herald Rewards Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us NewsMedia in Education Public Insight Network Reader Panel Social, Mobile & More Facebook Twitter Google+ Mobile Apps & eReaders Mobile Alerts Newsletters Advertising Place a Classified Media Kit Commercial Printing Public Notices Shopping More Copyright Commenting Policy Privacy Policy Terms of Service
News Deals Apps & Games Reviews Cell Phone Plans The Best Forums more Giveaways Features How To Android Development About Contact Jobs Advertise Privacy Policy VRSource SoundGuys TabTimes Charged Trending Android O LG G6 Galaxy S8 Pixel XL OnePlus 3T Android Authority newsletter The best way to stay connected to the Android pulse. Our main newsletter is the Android Weekly which is sent every Sunday and contains all the top Android news, reviews and features from the past week. The best way to stay connected to the Android pulse. Android Weekly Breaking News Alerts Trending Articles Review Alerts Deals Alerts View previous campaigns 100% Privacy, No Spam Policy: We value privacy and your email address will be 100% secure. We hate spam just like you do and will never send you too much email, nor will we ever share your information with anyone. Buy now! Name: Subject: Message: Why Google Hangouts is irreplaceable to me Featuresby Jonathan Feist5 days ago 18 505 45 Google is making some big changes to their messaging services. Android’s Messenger is now Android Messages. Hangouts is now Hangouts plus some chat and meet options. What ever happened to keeping things simple? Am I really in the minority in liking Hangouts just the way it is? Just what is going on with Google Hangouts? Let’s explore, and then let me make something clear, Hangouts is irreplaceable for me, for now. Related Articles   Google Home and Google Wi-Fi hitting UK on April 6 for £1299 hours ago   Google Duo “audio-only” call functionality ro...10 hours ago Google Hangouts – a brief history Don’t worry, I don’t want to recall the entire Hangouts history either, let’s be brief. Hangouts began its life as a section of Google+ on the web, but let’s pick up with a different beginning, Google Hangouts for Android launched in May of 2013. In the big picture, the app has not really changed much since launch. Not all features were in place from the beginning, but at this stage Hangouts mimics most of the web functionality. Users get one-to-one chat, group chat, audio calling and video calling with up to ten users. Make that up to twenty five users at work or in school, but you and I at home get ten. Hangouts can also handle SMS messaging. Despite a rocky start with a troublesome interface that let down those hoping for an iMessage killer, Hangouts became the default messaging app on some phones, like my Nexus 5. Of course, Hangouts is not as integrated into Android these days. On the technical side, Hangouts uses a proprietary protocol, which means you can’t plug it into an old-school XMPP messaging handler. If you don’t know what I just said, don’t worry, not to discredit the folks behind XMPP and supporting tools, but they’re a thing of the past, even if the tech is still valid. Sorry. As a proprietary service, Google offered up an API to tie in, but, what is worrying people like me today, that API access is being discontinued in April of 2017. That’s a month from now. Should we be worried that Hangouts, as we know it today, is on the verge of shutting down as well? We don’t know, but we’re afraid of what the answer might be. Why I need Hangouts To use Google Hangouts, you must sign in with a Google Account. Simple enough, we’ve all got one of those, right? This is where the magic begins, Google syncs all of your Hangouts messages across all of your devices. Not to mention that it pulls your contact info from your Google Account, so you have all your people immediately at your finger tips. Better than syncing across just your mobile devices, Hangouts syncs everywhere you go. Log in at hangouts.google.com, all your chats will be there. Use the Chat tool in Gmail on the web, that’s Hangouts as well. You know how your messages go and disappear when you use Snapchat, or you have to sometimes copy and paste info from your other chat software into an email or over to Maps? You’ll still have some of that with Hangouts, but a lot less. Hangouts can display maps and more based on your location or addresses you enter into a chat, making it a one-click action to get to navigation and more. The same one-click action will get you into web pages, phone calls and more. In short, Hangouts, at least for Android, is a less personal personal assistant, but only for a few things. These are perks, not requirements, and certainly not unique to Hangouts, though. Unique to Hangouts is the one-stop shop of communication, and the ease with which users can get involved. This is what makes Hangouts priceless to me, I am never more than a click away from chat, audio and video calls with nearly anyone in my life. Google Allo and Duo, announced at Google I/O 2016, appeared to be promising apps, but my people never bothered with them. It is not that they are bad services, it is that they didn’t make a difference. My parents have never heard of Duo, I can almost guarantee that, and since they use a smartphone as a feature phone and connect to the world via PC, Allo’s need to be set up with a mobile number will never happen. Easy to use, cross platform services will win out over cool features in the end. This exact concept is accurate for most of the people in my life, they either do not want to use their phone as a computing device for communication, or they don’t use Android. The idea of getting them onto WhatsApp or any of the other chat services is laughable as well, unless they can access exclusively from a PC. The people in my life are a little bit different than the tech enthusiasts that build the top chat apps today, and this is exactly why I need Hangouts. This could also be a wake up call to many services: cross platform and easy to use services will win out over cool features in the end. The fact that I can grab absolutely any computing device that I own and pick up an ongoing conversation is priceless. More importantly, as boring as Hangouts may seem to most users, I can connect with anyone that has ever used a Google service. Hangouts Chat and Hangouts Meet Google released Hangouts Meet, a business focused video conferencing app for Android that is extremely easy to use. Good on them for making a video conferencing tool dedicated to G Suite (Google Apps) business users. With Meet meetings tied into Calendar events, and one-click access to join a meeting, this could be huge if it ever leaves the education and work space. I just used my G Suite to setup and host a Hangouts Meet video call. It worked fine within the organization, but when I used my normal Google Account to join the call it launched in regular Hangouts. Yes, I had Meet open on my screen, but Hangouts took the call. Sorry, why do I have Meet? What is it doing exactly? Particularly with a basic Google user account, Meet is certainly not meeting my expectations at this stage. Now, actively communicating within Meet, I want to type something out, where do I do that? I head over to Hangouts Chat to, say, send a link to a project we’re video chatting about…. No, wait, Chat isn’t out yet, so I have to use Hangouts. Google, what’s up with this? Just as important, Duo and Allo never once crossed my mind in the active workflow. In the end, I spent 25 minutes today semi-unsuccessfully trying to figure out how to use Meet, Duo and Allo to do something that people do almost by accident on Hangouts, communicate without the tech getting in the way. To be fair I am not really giving Google time to play all their cards here, I know this. In fact, with the idea that Hangouts Chat has Slack in their headlights, I am very excited to see what comes of it. Slack is a fantastic communications tool, organizing one-to-one chat, group chat and audio calling into a single, cross-platform and fully syncing communications tool. Sound familiar? Before we wrap things up, I should probably give some credit to Skype and Facebook Messenger. As far as being able to sit down to any computing device and communicate, they have a far reaching user base and decent platforms. Each only tick a portion of my ‘must have’ features, but they’re still good services. Is it fair to mention that I do not at all use Facebook? This article may have played out different if I did. David Imel urged me to think analytically about this all, instead of just reacting with anger that Hangouts might be changing or even shutting down. He asked me to consider iMessage as well, which is a fair comparison to the SMS and text chat experience through Hangouts on Android. Wait, did I just say that iMessage offers just one half of the functionality, and only on a limited set of devices? Sorry David, iMessage may be a solid tool, but it just does not compare for me. David was absolutely right about one thing, iMessage is super easy to get up and running. If you have an Apple account, iMessage just works and everything syncs across devices etc. Other messaging services   Samsung bringing RCS messaging to its phones with Marshma...4 weeks ago   Google expands Android RCS messaging to more carriersFebruary 25, 2017   Google Allo vs. iMessage: Which one does it best?February 14, 2017   Twitter introduces new measures to try and curb abusive m...February 7, 2017   WhatsApp may soon let you edit and delete sent messagesDecember 19, 2016   Snapchat World Lenses update brings augmented reality to ...November 9, 2016 Wrap up There are many great text chat tools out there. There are a good handful of solid video conferencing tools making the rounds and there are many wonderful audio chat apps and programs to choose from. There are even a few services that combine some or all of the above. We each have our own needs, desires and circles of people that prefer differing services as well. The automatic sync between all devices, cross-platform support and storage of all messages into a log in Gmail may also not be for everyone. Google Hangouts offers a simplistic user experience, which is not uncommon, but with all of the capabilities built in, I’m not sure many other services can compare. Most importantly, I feel people spread themselves too thin if they attempt to use even just the most popular services on the daily, never mind all of the services. It is entirely unfair to say that one communication tool rules them all, but for me, in my world, with my people, nothing comes close to the existing Google Hangouts. If you had to choose just one communications app on your Android device, what would it be? Update: SMS integration to be removed in May 2017 That’s it guys, Hangouts is falling apart. The ability to mindlessly respond to SMS messages from my PC will soon require a new tool. Not entirely, mind you, as Google Voice numbers will still work and I am one of the relatively few that also use Project Fi, so we’ll see how that plays out, perhaps all my Hangouts functionality will remain. Bottom line, however, most of us are out of luck, SMS is the first to go, hopefully that doesn’t kill Hangouts. Starting March 27th, as the news goes, expect to see a message from Google on your Android device, it’s pretty simple, we are welcome to use another SMS app on our phones after May 22nd. Lucky us. Stay tuned for more on this, the news just broke, we have to figure out the details yet. Features Google, Opinions, Google Hangouts Google, Google Hangouts, Opinions Jonathan Feist Android purist and enthusiast, rarely more than arms reach from a stock Nexus 7. Often accused of being a Google fanboy, proud of it. Proponent for Android customization and personalization, if you can change it, make it your own! Show 18 comments The Best   Best Android phones androidauthority   Best Drones charged   Best Wireless Bluetooth Earbuds soundguys   Best Headphones of 2017 soundguys Sunday Giveaway   Google Pixel XL International Giveaway! 3 days ago59 comments Subscribe to Our Weekly Newsletter SUBSCRIBE The field is required Please enter a valid email address Latest News Moto X Pure Edition slated to begin Nougat soak tests in US soon 57 minutes ago Google’s official Android O Developer Preview video walks us through it... 2 hours ago Flexible OLED panel revenues to surpass those of rigid OLED panels 3 hours ago T-Mobile is giving away a free subscription to MLB.TV Premium 3 hours ago New HTC U “Ocean” rumors claim it will have sensors embedded in i... 4 hours ago Android Authority APP Get it on About Contact Jobs Advertise Privacy Policy Your source for all things Android! About Contact Jobs Advertise Privacy Policy © 2017 Android Authority | All Rights Reserved.
Skip to content Founded by Bob Livingston ® 0M 4.6K Menu Trending Donald Trump MSM Obamacare Preparedness health Exclusive Free E-Book Claim The Ultimate Privacy Guide (a $79.95 value) FREE when you subscribe to Personal Liberty Digest™ today. We will not sell or rent your email address to anyone for any reason. You can un-subscribe at any time. This insane search warrant illustrates a new era of surveillance Posted on March 24, 2017March 23, 2017 by Sam Rolley Views: 1,438 139 Shares In a small town just outside of Minneapolis, a judge granted police a court order demanding that Google hand over the identity of anyone who searched for the name of a financial fraud victim. The warrant granted to the Edina Police Department to solve a wire-fraud crime worth less than $30,000 is likely to be one of the broadest and most Orwellian attempts by a smaller law enforcement agency to demand internet user information, according to ArsTechnica. From the tech website: Investigators are focusing their probe on an online photo of someone with the same name of a local financial fraud victim. The image turned up on a fake passport used to trick a credit union to fraudulently transfer $28,500 out of an Edina man’s account, police said. The bogus passport was faxed to the credit union using a spoofed phone number to mimic the victim’s phone, according to the warrant application. (To protect the victim’s privacy, Ars is not publishing his name that was listed throughout the warrant signed February 1 by Hennepin County Senior Judge Gary Larson.) The warrant demands Google to help police determine who searched for variations of the victim’s name between December 1 of last year through January 7, 2017. A Google search, the warrant application says, reveals the photo used on the bogus passport. The image was not rendered on Yahoo or Bing, according to the documents. The warrant commands Google to divulge “any/all user or subscriber information”—including e-mail addresses, payment information, MAC addresses, social security numbers, dates of birth, and IP addresses—of anybody who conducted a search for the victim’s name. The obvious problem here is that, if Google is forced to comply with the warrant, it could potentially yield all sorts of information about innocent Americans who have nothing to do with the case in question. As Privacy News Online noted: “While the search terms are fairly specific – the fraud victim’s name – it’s also guaranteed to catch any person who considered dating them, employing them, and so on, at a bare minimum.” This entry was posted in Privacy. Bookmark the permalink. Post navigation ← No safe space for you Obama’s Watergate → Sam Rolley Sam Rolley began a career in journalism working for a small town newspaper while seeking a B.A. in English. After covering community news and politics, Rolley took a position at Personal Liberty Media Group where could better hone his focus on his true passions: national politics and liberty issues. In his daily columns and reports, Rolley works to help readers understand which lies are perpetuated by the mainstream media and to stay on top of issues ignored by more conventional media outlets. Join the Discussion Comment Policy: We encourage an open discussion with a wide range of viewpoints, even extreme ones, but we will not tolerate racism, profanity or slanderous comments toward the author(s) or comment participants. Make your case passionately, but civilly. Please don't stoop to name calling. We use filters for spam protection. If your comment does not appear, it is likely because it violates the above policy or contains links or language typical of spam. We reserve the right to remove comments at our discretion. Exclusive Free E-Book Claim your FREE copy of The Ultimate Privacy Guide (a $79.95 value) and your FREE subscription to Personal Liberty Digest™ when you sign up today! We will not sell or rent your email address to anyone for any reason. You can un-subscribe at any time. Look Inside! Recent Polls Exercise your right to vote. Do you believe the AHCA was a good bill that should have passed? Should Jeff Sessions forget about legal weed? Are you disappointed with the GOP's failure to fully repeal Obamacare? Should Obama officials go to jail for hacking Trump? Do you have a will? Full repeal and replace or the American Health Care Act? Should dragnet government surveillance end? Should you be able to modify the products you buy? Should all gun owners receive basic safety training? Are you prepared for disaster? Today's Issue The Latest From Personal Liberty Digest™ Today's cartoon You will never hear these truths discussed in the mainstream Contributors Voices of Personal Liberty™ Brandon Smith: You will never hear these truths discussed in the mainstream Bob Livingston: The medical establishment’s culture of death Ben Crystal: No safe space for you GS Early: The best days are gone Dome Watch Daily Congressional Updates Trump should thank, not blame the Freedom Caucus for killing Trumpcare Establishment intensifies attacks on Freedom Caucus Trump’s Washington sees the establishment turn on conservative voters Is Trumpcare dead in the water? Bell Ringer Chronicling Corruption And Threats To Liberty And The Constitution Trump should end illegal Obamacare exemption EPA official hid cancer study for Monsanto, lawsuit reveals On immigration, Trump should quit playing ‘their’ game Obama’s massive federal land grabs Taxpayer Dimes Where Does The Money Go? Trump’s first budget to offer look at his vision for dismantling ‘administrative state’ If Trump has his way, what do sanctuary cities stand to lose? Bob Livingston: Trumponomics Healthcare.gov still registering, granting ‘subsidies’ to fake people Medialogue On The Media And Around The Internet Reason editor: Trump’s AG can’t kill marijuana reform Bob Woodward predicts criminal charges for Obama officials FEC Democrats want to silence conservative media Google moves to flag ‘upsetting-offensive’ content in searches Election Informer Personal Liberty’s Campaign Headquaters Lawmaker: Trump ‘amazingly accessible’ Hillary lost because America is conservative… Top 11 ‘Russian-hack’ questions the ‘rogue-electors’ should ask the CIA Once again, there were no Russians involved in the DNC email leak 2nd Amendment Under Fire Issues And Actions Involving Gun Rights Gun sales way up, accidents down Constitutional concealed carry bills introduced Trump ATF poised to weaken gun regs Florida lawmaker wants to hold businesses accountable for gun-free zones Power Of The State Documenting Abuses By Government Agents Bob Livingston: SCOTUS legalizes theft by police Bob Livingston: Amish farmer facing life in prison over herbal product labels Police body cams are becoming powerful surveillance state assets Bob Livingston: A coup is underway On Your Own Helping You Prepare For Emergency Situations It’s over… or is it? Thomas Miller: Disaster intelligence for emergency preparedness Gaye Levy: What you need to know about animal snares for survival Frank Bates: How to cook food when the grid goes down Hillary Files Chronicling the antics of the most corrupt woman in American politics An update on Hillary Clinton and her lawyers Fair weather friends say goodbye to Clinton Here she comes again Could Hillary Clinton still face prosecution? Hot Topics A deeper look at important issues Did the government spy on Trump? Of course. It spies on all of us! Trump government slowly filling with neocons An update on Hillary Clinton and her lawyers The Bill of Rights at the border: The First Amendment and the right to anonymous speech Financial Foresight Advice to help you protect your assets GS Early: New realities are upon us Forget taxes — This is worse… GS Early: The government’s worthless numbers GS Early: Hard asset cage match: Bitcoin vs Gold Top Advertise With Us Contact Us Privacy Policy The Bob Livingston Letter White List Us Who is Bob Livingston? Unsubscribe from Personal Liberty Alerts © 2017 Personal Liberty ® Trending Donald Trump MSM Obamacare Preparedness health Exclusive Free E-Book Claim The Ultimate Privacy Guide (a $79.95 value) FREE when you subscribe to Personal Liberty Digest™ today. Thegovernment’s assault on your personal liberties, including transgressions by the NSA and IRS, proves NOTHING IS OFF-LIMITS!  But they’re not your only enemy. In your FREE copy of The Ultimate Privacy Guide discover simple, effective strategies for making Big Business and Big Government BUTT OUT of your personal life! We will not sell or rent your email address to anyone for any reason. You can un-subscribe at any time. Look Inside The Ultimate Privacy Guide The unconstitutional assault on America's civil liberties is continuing with fanatical vigor thanks to the government's gross misuse of power, including transgressions by the NSA and IRS. NOTHING IS OFF-LIMITS! Government SPYING and MANIPULATION is now becoming the American way. But they’re not your only enemy. In your FREE copy of The Ultimate Privacy Guide you'll discover how to: Keep your home secure and private! Avoid online identity theft! Keep financial information secure and private! Avoid harassing phone calls! Keep snoops out of your personal communications including emails! And much, much more!
e-paper India Follow us: Today in New Delhi, India Mar 28, 2017-Tuesday -°C New Delhi Humidity - Wind - select city Metro cities - Delhi Mumbai Chennai Kolkata Other cities - Noida Gurgaon Bengaluru Hyderabad Bhopal Chandigarh Dehradun Indore Jaipur Lucknow Patna Ranchi Powered by Close india world cities opinion cricket sports entertainment lifestyle business tech education whatnow photos videos jaago re Livemint Livehindustan Shine HTcampus Mycollegesabroad Desimartini YouTube’s bid to grab TV dollars imperiled by advertiser revolt tech Updated: Mar 25, 2017 07:47 IST Reuters As more and more advertisers pull ads from YouTube over offensive content, the site’s long term strategy of stealing ad revenue from TV may suffer.(REUTERS File Photo) The decision by a handful of high-profile consumer brands to pull advertising from Google’s YouTube over offensive content could threaten the site’s long-term strategy of stealing ad dollars from television, analysts and ad industry professionals said Thursday. The immediate financial impact of the controversy is likely to be limited, in part because a big chunk of YouTube revenue comes from smaller advertisers who lack the budget for TV campaigns and do not have easy alternatives. Some analysts also believe that departing advertisers, eager to reach YouTube’s millennial audience, will quickly return. But with “brand safety” emerging as a major concern for marketers amid a surge in hate speech and other types of offensive content across the internet, the widespread assumption that major advertisers are ready to shift large chunks of their budgets from TV to digital now looks much more dubious. The timing may also favour television networks as they usually present their fall line-ups and woo big advertisers starting in May, agency executives said. Read more YouTube challenges cable TV with streaming service Google unveils tools to prevent ads with undesirable content YouTube, part of Alphabet Inc, has spent years courting big brands that spend hundreds of millions annually on air time. But over the past week, companies including Verizon Communications Inc, AT&T Inc and Johnson & Johnson have cancelled their YouTube ad deals. “Video is actually a lot more fragile of an ecosystem than the Silicon Valley, software-eats-everything crowd may want to think,” said Joel Espelien, a senior analyst at the Diffusion Group, which studies the future of television. “The point is all content isn’t actually the same, all advertising isn’t actually all the same. There is an element of taste. And when you ruin that, the whole thing does kind of start to fall apart.” Google offers little visibility into YouTube’s financial performance, but analysts view it as a key driver for the company’s growth as its traditional search advertising business matures. Analyst Mark Mahaney of RBC Capital Markets estimates YouTube will bring in about $14 billion in revenue this year. Alphabet shares have fallen more than 3 percent since Monday, closing at $839.65 on Thursday. Whether the recent events are a mere blip on the radar for Google or a harbinger of bigger problems to come may depend on whether the company can quickly improve its technical tools to give advertisers more control over where their ads appear. YouTube has begun reviewing its advertising policies and will take steps to give advertisers more control, Philipp Schindler, Google’s chief business officer, wrote in a blog post on Tuesday. Google also plans to hire more people for its review team and refine its artificial intelligence – a key step, since much of the ad-serving is handled by automation. Read more Facebook to put ads amid live videos Xbox announces Netflix style subscription, over 100 games for Rs 699 a month Eric Schmidt, executive chairman of Alphabet, acknowledged in a Fox News interview that ads appearing next to videos promoting hate speech or advocating violence had slipped through the digital cracks in Google’s elaborate ad-serving systems. “We match ads and the content, but because we source the ads from everywhere, every once in a while somebody gets underneath the algorithm and they put in something that doesn’t match,” Schmidt said. “We’ve had to tighten our policies and actually increase our manual review time and so I think we’re going to be OK.” But Google’s public statements have done little to assuage advertisers’ fears, said David Cohen, president, North America, for media buying firm Magna Global. Privately, Google has gone into more detail about how it plans to combat the issue, including ratcheting up its algorithms to better categorize content and being more stringent about how content is labeled, Cohen said. But such additional controls would reduce the percentage of content that carries advertising and could disrupt the vibrant community of independent creators on YouTube, who drive traffic to the site and rely on revenue-sharing from advertising. YouTube faces a special imperative to keep creators happy as rivals such as Facebook Inc and Twitter Inc try to court talent for their own platforms, said Hank Green, a prominent YouTube creator who runs the VidCon conference. “YouTube has a decade-long head start, but obviously everyone wants a piece of the pie,” he said. Even before the most recent revelations about YouTube, control over online ad placement had become a hot button topic for advertisers. Social networks and news aggregators came under fire during and after the U.S. presidential election for spreading fake news reports, and advertisers have also sought to avoid having their brands appear beside content that they categorize as hate speech. “Between non-human traffic and fraud, fake news and hate speech, brands are more concerned than ever,” said Marc Goldberg, CEO of Trust Metrics, a New York-based company that addresses ad fraud. tags YouTube Online TV offensive content online advertising advertising revenue more from tech ICICI Bank partners with Truecaller for UPI-based mobile payment Mar 28, 2017 18:48 IST Vietnam may emulate Digital India, seeks cooperation on e-governance Mar 28, 2017 17:22 IST FD vs Stocks: Which One Should You Choose? Promotional Feature Recommended for you India World Business Education Autos Real estate Opinion Analysis Columns Editorials Blogs Authors Cities Delhi Gurgaon Noida Mumbai Bhopal Chandigarh Dehradun Indore Jaipur Kolkata Lucknow Patna Ranchi Sports Cricket Football Tennis Others Entertainment Movie reviews Bollywood Hollywood Regional movies World cinema TV Music Tabloid Lifestyle Sex & relationship Health & fitness Fashion & trends Art & culture Travel Books Brunch Tech Tech Reviews Gadgets Photos Videos Epaper HT Indepth Punjab Livemint Livehindustan Shine HTcampus Desimartini HTsyndication Follow us on: Newsletter Register with Hindustan Times to get best news and articles Copyright © HT Media Limited All rights reserved. About us Contact us Privacy policy Disclaimer Print Ad rates Jobs 16-year-old girl gangraped by five in forest in Odisha’s Ganjam Mar 28, 2017 22:34 IST J-K: Grenades filled with ‘spicy jelly’ may be used by forces, pellet guns to s... Mar 28, 2017 22:29 IST Rivals gaining ground in Odisha due to dynamic leadership: BJD’s Baijayant Panda Mar 28, 2017 22:23 IST Bengaluru court remands IISc attack suspect in judicial custody Mar 28, 2017 22:12 IST 344 paramilitary personnel committed suicide in 3 years: Govt Mar 28, 2017 21:53 IST Can’t appoint lokpal till law changes, govt tells Supreme Court Mar 28, 2017 22:09 IST Self-inflicted isolation? Ex-IIT professor, wife locked themselves in flat for 4... Mar 28, 2017 21:43 IST Donald Trump, China’s Xi Jinping to meet in Florida on April 6, 7: Sources Mar 28, 2017 22:37 IST “You can still stop Brexit,” EU lawmakers to tell Britons Mar 28, 2017 22:33 IST UK government rejects Scotland’s bid for second independence referendum Mar 28, 2017 22:27 IST UK announces new consultation on outlawing caste-based discrimination Mar 28, 2017 22:10 IST Trump set to roll back Obama’s climate plan Mar 28, 2017 21:38 IST RBI to limit exchange facilities for Nepalese nationals to Rs 4,500 Mar 28, 2017 21:35 IST Amnesty: US-led coalition not protecting Mosul civilians Mar 28, 2017 20:54 IST delhi gurgaon noida mumbai bhopal chandigarh dehradun indore jaipur kolkata lucknow patna ranchi Ghaziabad: UP government seeks property details of GDA officials, staff Mar 28, 2017 22:56 IST As parents protest fee hike, Gurgaon schools asked to discuss hike beforehand Mar 28, 2017 22:54 IST Brace for blackouts this summer as Delhi power demand may peak to record high Mar 28, 2017 22:53 IST Ghaziabad will start issuing online licences to meat shops Mar 28, 2017 22:51 IST Gurgaon civic body initiates steps for safe disposal of animal carcasses Mar 28, 2017 22:48 IST All meat shops in Noida are illegal, says food safety department Mar 28, 2017 22:49 IST Gurgaon: Senior town planner warns developers on possession delay Mar 28, 2017 22:47 IST No sale of uniforms, books on campus: Education dept tells Gurgaon schools Mar 28, 2017 22:45 IST On SC’s directions, 59 liquor shops near highways in Ghaziabad to close down Mar 28, 2017 22:42 IST analysis columns editorials blogs authors It does matter if you’re black or white: Racism entrenched in India’s pop culture, with help from Bollywood | Opinion Mar 28, 2017 18:16 IST A tiger called TB who never ate grass . Mar 28, 2017 16:07 IST New mental health care bill takes a humane look at those on the brink Mar 28, 2017 15:55 IST Whether in UP or Northeast, BJP should not dictate people’s eating habits Mar 28, 2017 21:53 IST UGC’s archaic rules will destroy potential ‘world class’ universities like JNU Mar 28, 2017 21:54 IST Gautam Gambhir says pressure of IPL will make Kuldeep Yadav a better cricketer Mar 28, 2017 22:57 IST MS Dhoni’s personal info from Aadhar Card form leaked, wife Sakshi complains Mar 28, 2017 22:49 IST India vs Australia: A look at the positives for Steve Smith’s team Mar 28, 2017 22:35 IST Pakistani cricketer who brutally beat wife spared jail time in UK Mar 28, 2017 21:10 IST Mitchell Johnson taunts Virat Kohli again, says Ajinkya Rahane should be skipper Mar 28, 2017 21:07 IST football tennis other sports ht gifa Gautam Gambhir says pressure of IPL will make Kuldeep Yadav a better cricketer Mar 28, 2017 22:57 IST MS Dhoni’s personal info from Aadhar Card form leaked, wife Sakshi complains Mar 28, 2017 22:49 IST India vs Australia: A look at the positives for Steve Smith’s team Mar 28, 2017 22:35 IST Pakistani cricketer who brutally beat wife spared jail time in UK Mar 28, 2017 21:10 IST Mitchell Johnson taunts Virat Kohli again, says Ajinkya Rahane should be skipper Mar 28, 2017 21:07 IST movie reviews bollywood hollywood regional movies world cinema tv music tabloid Sonakshi Sinha: I’m looking at Ittefaq as new film Mar 28, 2017 21:10 IST 108-kg actor refuses to gain more weight for Star Plus’s new TV show Mar 28, 2017 20:39 IST Invisibility on Twitter is giving you the power to misbehave: Swara Bhaskar Mar 28, 2017 20:30 IST Will Smith and the cast of Fresh Prince of Bel-Air reunite for cool new photo Mar 28, 2017 20:24 IST Spider-Man: Homecoming new trailer shows an eager Peter, disappointed Tony Stark Mar 28, 2017 20:09 IST sex & relationships health & fitness fashion & trends art & culture travel books more from lifestyle brunch Here are five wedding jewellery trends to follow this summer Mar 28, 2017 21:35 IST Entertainment TV exposure leads to rise of populist politicians: Study Mar 28, 2017 21:06 IST Children who lack vitamin B12 also perform poorly in cognitive tests: Study Mar 28, 2017 20:38 IST Chinese artist Ai Weiwei to build fence installations in New York Mar 28, 2017 20:14 IST Catmoms and dads take note: Your pet appreciates human interaction more than fo... Mar 28, 2017 20:01 IST End of Five Year Plans: Niti Aayog to launch 3-year action plan from April 1 Mar 28, 2017 22:47 IST Minimum balance penalty imposed by banks must be reasonable, says govt Mar 28, 2017 20:53 IST I-T dept seizes Rs 600-crore in cash, valuables post note ban Mar 28, 2017 19:32 IST Monsanto meets its match as Hindu nationalists assert power in Modi’s India Mar 28, 2017 19:30 IST No high quality fake notes recovered since demonetisation, Meghwal says Mar 28, 2017 18:57 IST ICICI Bank partners with Truecaller for UPI-based mobile payment Mar 28, 2017 18:48 IST India govt to borrow more in H1 to retire old debt, step up spending Mar 28, 2017 18:42 IST ICICI Bank partners with Truecaller for UPI-based mobile payment Mar 28, 2017 18:48 IST Vietnam may emulate Digital India, seeks cooperation on e-governance Mar 28, 2017 17:22 IST Noida: Protests outside Oppo office after Chinese national ‘tears’ Indian flag,... Mar 28, 2017 22:47 IST YouTube ad boycott may cost Google $750 million Mar 28, 2017 18:45 IST Apple’s secret augmented reality project Mar 28, 2017 16:11 IST Samsung plans to sell refurbished Galaxy Note 7s Mar 28, 2017 16:05 IST Xiaomi aims to create 20,000 jobs in India Mar 28, 2017 15:41 IST Can Yamuna be saved? At University of Virginia, the answer is yes Mar 28, 2017 18:28 IST No dearth of funds for centres of excellence, says HRD minister Javadekar Mar 28, 2017 17:39 IST LU alumna tops state higher education commission exam Mar 28, 2017 18:03 IST UP Board exam 2017: English paper cancelled at two Mathura centres due to mass ... Mar 28, 2017 18:03 IST CSIR UGC NET exam December 2016: Results declared, check them here Mar 28, 2017 18:03 IST Kashmir encounter: 3 civilians killed in Chadoora Mar 28, 2017 18:43 IST Gudi Padwa: Welcoming the Maharashtrian new year Mar 28, 2017 21:38 IST Country’s longest all-weather road tunnel makes Kashmir more... Mar 28, 2017 09:20 IST Bright and beautiful: Kashmir blooms with Almond blossom Mar 25, 2017 15:15 IST In pictures | First day of new Punjab assembly’s maiden... Mar 24, 2017 19:17 IST Unusual innovation wins village teen Japanese exchange programme Mar 28, 2017 17:12 IST Nigerian nationals attacked by locals in Greater Noida; 5 people detained Mar 28, 2017 15:08 IST Aadhaar woes: People are caught in the unique number web Mar 28, 2017 14:47 IST Protest for PM Modi’s attention: TN Farmers try skulls, corpses & rats Mar 28, 2017 12:48 IST At this Mumbai restaurant, differently abled keep the business running Mar 28, 2017 08:17 IST ht-indepth real-estate autos punjab epaper ht-brand stories weekend
M³ CLL Events Whitepapers The Next Platform Data Center Software Security Transformation DevOps Business Personal Tech Science Emergent Tech Bootnotes Alerts Newsletters Your internet history on sale to highest bidder: US Congress votes to shred ISP privacy rules I need an ISP that offers IPv6. Virgin Media: Whatevs, nerd Red Hat: OpenStack big, getting bigger, OpenShift fatter than Linux RIP: Antivirus veteran Raimund Genes, 54 Servers HPC Cloud Storage Networks Virtualization BOFH I need an ISP that offers IPv6. Virgin Media: Whatevs, nerd Ex-broadband biz 186k hit by major outage Supermicro rack-wrangles a fix for a few data centre PITAs Google and pals plough $27m into tiery-eyed storage startup Avere Microsoft beefs up Skype for Business as Amazon Chimes in Firefox Quantum: BIG browser project, huh? I share your concern Redmond takes a small step towards opening Service Fabric Green software blacked out Australian State RIP: Antivirus veteran Raimund Genes, 54 Apple squashes cert-handling bug affecting macOS and iOS World+dog had 1.4 BEEEELLION of its data records exposed last year As of today, iThings are even harder for police to probe The 'data driven enterprise' is actually just the enterprise Converged systems market is so hot it just went backwards Defence in Depth: A 'layered' strategy can repel cold attackers Surprise! Thanks to the cloud, you've got a hybrid infrastructure DevOps hype? Sometimes a pizza really is just a pizza DevOps brings your teams to delivery faster and with better quality CoreOS Tectonic shift: Now you can run it on Azure and OpenStack Carnegie-Mellon Uni emits 'don't be stupid' list for C++ developers Policy The Channel Your internet history on sale to highest bidder: US Congress votes to shred ISP privacy rules Red Hat: OpenStack big, getting bigger, OpenShift fatter than Linux EE scrap connection fee... to hike broadband and telly packages Oracle doing due diligence on Accenture. Yep, you read that right Samsung plans Galaxy Note 7 fire sale Bloke whose drone was blasted out of sky by angry dad loses another court battle for compo Ofcom wants automatic compensation for the people when ISPs fail US Senate votes to let broadband ISPs sell your browser histories SPB Geek's Guide Astroboffins clock thriving stellar nursery nestled in violent supermassive black hole Boffins name 12 new types of cloud in first Cloud Atlas since 1986 Boffins crowdsource hunt for 'Planet 9' Trump's America looks like a lousy launchpad, so can you dig Darwin? Artificial Intelligence Internet of Things Mobile network Three inks Cisco Jasper deal, eyes the IoT market If you can't beat AI, join it: Boffinry biz baron Elon Musk backs brain-machine interface biz Cheap, flimsy, breakable and replaceable – yup, Ikea, you'll be right at home in the IoT world How Ford has slammed the door on Silicon Valley's autonomous vehicles drive Verity Stob Nuns left in limbo after phone line transfer hell Miss Misery on hacking Mr Robot and the Missing Sense of Fun Disney plotting 15 more years of Star Wars Good news, everyone! Two pints a day keep heart problems at bay More like this Google Symantec Https Security Google slaps Symantec for sloppy certs, slow show of SNAFUs Certs will keep working, but Chrome will be suspicious, soon 24 Mar 2017 at 04:58, Simon Sharwood Updated Google's Chrome development team has posted a stinging criticism of Symantec's certificate-issuance practices, saying it has lost confidence in the company's practices and therefore in the safety of sessions hopefully-secured by Symantec-issued certificates. Google's post says “Since January 19, the Google Chrome team has been investigating a series of failures by Symantec Corporation to properly validate certificates. Over the course of this investigation, the explanations provided by Symantec have revealed a continually increasing scope of misissuance with each set of questions from members of the Google Chrome team; an initial set of reportedly 127 certificates has expanded to include at least 30,000 certificates, issued over a period spanning several years.” Googler Ryan Sleevi unloads on Symantec as follows: Symantec allowed at least four parties access to their infrastructure in a way to cause certificate issuance, did not sufficiently oversee these capabilities as required and expected, and when presented with evidence of these organizations’ failure to abide to the appropriate standard of care, failed to disclose such information in a timely manner or to identify the significance of the issues reported to them. These issues, and the corresponding failure of appropriate oversight, spanned a period of several years, and were trivially identifiable from the information publicly available or that Symantec shared. The post gets worse, for Symantec: The full disclosure of these issues has taken more than a month. Symantec has failed to provide timely updates to the community regarding these issues. Despite having knowledge of these issues, Symantec has repeatedly failed to proactively disclose them.  Further, even after issues have become public, Symantec failed to provide the information that the community required to  assess the significance of these issues until they had been specifically questioned. The proposed remediation steps offered by Symantec have involved relying on known-problematic information or using practices insufficient to provide the level of assurance required under the Baseline Requirements and expected by the Chrome Root CA Policy. The upshot is that Google feels it can “no longer have confidence in the certificate issuance policies and practices of Symantec over the past several years” and it therefore proposes three remedies: A reduction in the accepted validity period of newly issued Symantec-issued certificates to nine months or less, in order to minimize any impact to Google Chrome users from any further misissuances that may arise. An incremental distrust, spanning a series of Google Chrome releases, of all currently-trusted Symantec-issued certificates, requiring they be revalidated and replaced. Removal of recognition of the Extended Validation status of Symantec issued certificates, until such a time as the community can be assured in the policies and practices of Symantec, but no sooner than one year. What do we mean by Extended Validation? It's a little feature that allows the browser to confidently show the owner of a HTTPS-secured website next to the green padlock in the address bar. Google Chrome is going to stop showing that text string for Symantec-issued SSL/TLS certificates. In other words, websites that have paid Symantec for certs with Extended Validation won't see the feature in Chrome. A normal certificate without the Extended Validation string A certificate with its Extended Validation text shown in the browser As for the "reduction in the accepted validity period," that means various different versions of Chrome will stop trusting Symantec-issued certificates older than the times listed below. Once a Symantec-issued cert is older than the validity period listed, Chrome will stop trusting it, forcing the certificate's owner to renew it. Chrome version Cert validity period Chrome 59 (Dev, Beta, Stable) 33 months (1023 days) Chrome 60 (Dev, Beta, Stable) 27 months (837 days) Chrome 61 (Dev, Beta, Stable) 21 months (651 days) Chrome 62 (Dev, Beta, Stable) 15 months (465 days) Chrome 63 (Dev, Beta) 9 months (279 days) Chrome 63 (Stable) 15 months (465 days) Chrome 64 (Dev, Beta, Stable) 9 months (279 days) "We propose to require that all newly-issued certificates must have validity periods of no greater than 9 months (279 days) in order to be trusted in Google Chrome, effective Chrome 61," the search giant added. "This ensures that the risk of any further misissuance is, at most, limited to nine months, and more importantly, that if any further action is warranted or necessary, that the entire ecosystem can migrate within that time period, thus minimizing the risk of further compatibility issues." Google reckons this plan will mean “web developers are aware of the risk and potential of future distrust of Symantec-issued certificates, should additional misissuance events occur, while also allowing them the flexibility to continue using such certificates should it be necessary.” And of course it also gives developers time to arrange new certificates from whatever issuer pleases them most. Symantec has told The Register it is developing a response to Google's allegations. We will add it to this story as soon as we receive it. ® Updated to add Symantec has hit back at Google's claims, saying they are “exaggerated and misleading.” “We strongly object to the action Google has taken to target Symantec SSL/TLS certificates in the Chrome browser,” Symantec said in a blog post. “This action was unexpected, and we believe the blog post was irresponsible. We hope it was not calculated to create uncertainty and doubt within the Internet community about our SSL/TLS certificates.” The company said that while yes, it had mis-issued 127 certificates, that 30,000 figure was “not true,” and no consumer harm had been done. It claims to operate “in accordance with industry standards,” and will defend its reputation. Symantec is now in discussions with Google to resolve the issue. Tips and corrections 10 Comments More from The Register Google launches root certificate authority Cutting out the middle man 22 Comments Google punts WoSign, StartCom from good guy certificate club Joins Mozilla, Apple in ban on less-than-optimally-rigorous certifiers 4 Comments Kaspersky fixing serious certificate slip Updated Security smashed for 400 MEEELLION users 17 Comments Google publishes list of Certificate Authorities it doesn't trust Thawte experiment aims to expose issuers of dodgy creds 25 Comments Firefox certificate cache leaks user information Mozilla devs debate whether this is a bug or a feature 5 Comments Heads roll as Qihoo 360 moves to end WoSign, StartCom certificate row Two CAs get new bosses, operations to be split 8 Comments Whitepapers Penn State enhances research computing with Red Hat cloud Infrastructure On the main campus of Pennsylvania State University, a bronze statue of the Nittany Lion proudly stands guard. Supermicro MicroBlade Powers One of the World’s Most Energy Efficient Data Centers A Fortune 100 Company has deployed over 30,000 Supermicro MicroBlade disaggregated Intel Xeon Customer Communication Management in the Cloud In 2016, the world of customer communications management (CCM), one of the core operational areas for enterprises in the financial sector. Technology as a catalyst for cultural change IT departments can do a lot to improve performance by optimising the infrastructure and the way they work internally Most read Dishwasher has directory traversal bug How Ford has slammed the door on Silicon Valley's autonomous vehicles drive LastPass scrambles to fix another major flaw – once again spotted by Google's bugfinders USA can afford golf for Trump. Can't afford .com for FBI infosec service UK Home Sec: Give us a snoop-around for WhatApp encryption. Don't worry, we won't go into the cloud Spotlight UK vuln 'fessing pilot's great but who's going to give a FoI? MAC randomization: A massive failure that leaves iPhones, Android mobes open to tracking Next Generation Security: No, Dorothy, there is no magic wand Speaking in Tech: A chat with Web 2.0 MySpace worm dude Samy Kamkar The Register's guide to protecting your data when visiting the US Despite the spiel, we're still some decades from true anti-malware AI Honeypots: Free psy-ops weapons that can protect your network before defences fail Cyber-spying, leaking to meddle in foreign politics is the New Normal Sponsored links Get The Register's Headlines in your inbox daily - quick signup! New from Avere - Cloud-Enabled Data Center for Dummies. Download now About us Who we are Contact us Advertise with us More content Under the hood Week’s headlines Top 20 stories Whitepapers Situation Publishing The Next Platform Continuous Lifecycle London M-cubed Webinars The Register - Independent news, views and opinion for the tech sector. Part of Situation Publishing Sign up to our Newsletters Join our daily or weekly newsletters, subscribe to a specific section or set News alerts Subscribe Biting the hand that feeds IT © 1998–2017 Cookies Privacy Ts&Cs
Cell Phones & Plans Business Phone Home Phone Internet Television Deals Find the Best Cell Phone and Plan for You PhoneDog's innovative comparison tool can help you save on cell phones and plans. Find the best phone and plan for you today with PhoneDog! Compare Phones and Plans Compare Cell Phones Compare Cell Plans CREDO Mobile Tello Ting T-Mobile Sprint Pix Wireless The People's Operator Republic Wireless Boost Mobile Straight Talk AT&T Virgin Mobile Verizon Wireless Net10 No Contract Plans See all carriers Phone Categories Smartphone Basic Phones Waterproof/Rugged Phablets Free Phones Phone Manufacturers Apple HTC Motorola LG Samsung See All Manufacturers Cell Phone Reviews Cell Phone News Phone vs Phone Cell Phone Videos App Reviews Official Smartphone Rankings VoIP Long Distance Residential VoIP Holiday Deals Trending: iPhone 7 Google Pixel Official Smartphone Rankings Login Register Search Enter your keywords f g+ t Follow @phonedog yt         Google killing SMS support in Hangouts for Android on May 22 Android Alex Wagner Editorial Director of News and Content | March 23, 2017 32 shares 30 1 0 0 0 0 0 0 1               Hangouts users on Android, we’ve got some bad news for you. Google is warning G Suite users that it will remove SMS support from Hangouts on May 22. The message that you see above is slated to begin appearing to Hangouts users on March 27, so we should see it start to pop up next week. In the same email, Google says that Google Voice users won’t be affected, so you Voice folk don’t have anything to worry about for now. Google has been placing a focus on Android Messages as its texting app of choice while Hangouts recently gained more of an enterprise focus, so it should come as no surprise that Google is removing SMS support from Hangouts.  Still, it’s kind of a bummer for anyone that’s been using Hangouts for SMS and Hangouts messages, as they’ll now have to begin using two separate apps when they previously only had to use one. Do you use Hangouts for SMS? Source:  Android Police Android Apps Google Previous ArticleMoto G5 Plus and Alcatel A30 launching at Amazon as discounted Prime Exclusive phones Next ArticleT-Mobile begins delivering LG G6 to pre-sale customers Don't forget to VOTE! Each week, PhoneDog Fans vote for their #1 smartphone in the Official Smartphone Rankings. Vote now and contribute to the industry's most relevant weekly ranking charts. Related Posts Moto G5 Plus and Alcatel A30 launching at Amazon as discounted Prime Exclusive phones T-Mobile Scam ID and Scam Block will help you avoid scammers Red iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus, new iPad launch today Movado, Hugo Boss, and Tommy Hilfiger reveal new Android Wear smartwatches View the discussion thread. Select a phone: (optional) + - Any - Acer Liquid M220 Airave 2.5 Plus Alcatel 510A Alcatel 768 Alcatel 871A GoPhone Alcatel A206G Alcatel A30 Alcatel A382G Big Easy Alcatel A392G Alcatel A394C Alcatel Authority Alcatel Big Easy Flip Black Alcatel Cinch Alcatel Dawn Alcatel Fling Black Alcatel GO FLIP Alcatel Ideal Alcatel Idol 4 Alcatel Idol 4S Alcatel Idol 4S with Windows 10 Alcatel One Touch 991 Alcatel One Touch Evolve Alcatel One Touch Idol Alcatel One Touch Scribe HD Alcatel One Touch Shockwave Alcatel One Touch Ultra Alcatel One Touch Yaris Black Alcatel OneTouch B3G Alcatel OneTouch Conquest Alcatel OneTouch Elevate Alcatel OneTouch Evolve 2 Alcatel OneTouch Evolve 2 ALCATEL ONETOUCH Fierce Alcatel OneTouch Fierce 2 Alcatel OneTouch Fierce 2 Alcatel OneTouch Fierce XL Alcatel ONETOUCH Fling Alcatel Onetouch Idol 3 (4.7") Alcatel Onetouch Idol 3 (5.5") Alcatel ONETOUCH Pixi Avion Alcatel Onetouch Pixi Bond Alcatel onetouch Pixi Charm Alcatel onetouch Pixi ECLIPSE Alcatel onetouch Pixi GLITZ Alcatel onetouch Pixi Glory LTE Alcatel onetouch Pixi PULSAR Alcatel OneTouch Pop 7 Alcatel ONETOUCH POP Astro Alcatel OneTouch Pop Icon Alcatel OneTouch Pop Icon 2 Alcatel OneTouch Pop Mega Alcatel OneTouch Pop Nova Alcatel OneTouch Pop Star 2 Alcatel OneTouch Pop Star LTE Alcatel OneTouch Retro Alcatel OneTouch Retro ALCATEL OneTouch Sonic LTE Alcatel ONETOUCH Speakeasy Alcatel Pixi Unite Alcatel Pop C9 Alcatel Pop D3 Alcatel Sparq II Alcatel Sparq II Alcatel Venture Amazon Fire HD Kids Edition 6 inch Blue Amazon Fire Phone Amazon Kindle Fire 7 inch Black Amazon Kindle Fire HD 6 (2014) Amazon Kindle Fire HD 7 Amazon Kindle Fire HDX 7 inch Black 16GB Amazon Kindle Fire HDX 8.9 Black 16GB Amoi CS6 Silver Anna Sui Mobile by Samsung ANS H450R Apple iPad Apple iPad 2 Apple iPad 2 16GB Apple iPad 2 WiFi and 3G 16GB Black Apple iPad 4th Gen Apple iPad Air Apple iPad Air Apple iPad Air 2 Apple iPad Air 2 Apple iPad Air 2 16GB Space Gray Apple iPad Mini Apple iPad Mini Apple iPad mini 2 Apple iPad mini 3 Apple iPad Mini 3 Apple iPad mini 3 16GB Space Gray Apple iPad mini 4 Apple iPad mini with Retina Display Apple iPad mini with Retina display 16GB Silver Apple iPad Pro Apple iPad Pro 9.7 Apple iPad with Retina Display Apple iPhone Apple iPhone 16 GB Apple iPhone 3G 16 GB Apple iPhone 3GS Apple iPhone 4 Apple iPhone 4 32GB Black Apple iPhone 4S Apple iPhone 4S 64GB White Apple iPhone 5 Apple iPhone 5c Apple iPhone 5s Apple iPhone 6 Apple iPhone 6 Plus Apple iPhone 6s Apple iPhone 6s Plus Apple iPhone 7 Apple iPhone 7 Plus Apple iPhone SE Apple iPod Touch - 8GB Apple new iPad Apple new iPad WiFi and 4G 16GB Black Apple Watch Asus Eee Pad Memo ME370T Asus Eee Slate Asus Google Nexus 7 Asus Memo Pad 10 inch Black ASUS MeMO Pad 7 LTE ASUS MeMO Pad FHD 10 LTE Asus PadFone Black Asus Padfone mini Asus PadFone X ASUS PadFone X mini Asus Transformer Asus Transformer Prime TF700T ASUS ZenFone 2 ASUS ZenFone 2E Asus ZenFone 4 Asus ZenFone 5 Asus ZenFone 6 ASUS ZenFone Zoom Asus ZenWatch ASUS ZenWatch 2 AT&T Cingular Flip AT&T Mobile Hotspot Elevate 4G AT&T Mobile Hotspot MiFi 2372 AT&T Radiant GoPhone AT&T Unite AT&T Unite Pro AT&T USBConnect Adrenaline AT&T USBConnect Momentum 4G AT&T USBConnect Turbo AT&T USBConnect Velocity AT&T Z222 GoPhone AT&T Z223 GoPhone AT&T Z998 GoPhone Audiovox 8425 Audiovox 9200 Audiovox CDM-105 / CDM-7000 Audiovox CDM-120 Audiovox CDM-8100 Audiovox CDM-8150X Audiovox CDM-8200 Audiovox CDM-8300 Audiovox CDM-8400 / CDM-8410 Audiovox CDM-8450 / CDM-8455 / VI600 Audiovox CDM-8500 Audiovox CDM-8600 Audiovox CDM-8615 Audiovox CDM-8900 Audiovox CDM-8910 / FLASHER V7/PM-8912 Audiovox CDM-8915 / Snapper Audiovox CDM-8930 Audiovox CDM-8940 Audiovox CDM-8940 Audiovox CDM-9100 Audiovox CDM-9150X Audiovox CDM-9155GPX Audiovox CDM-9200X Audiovox CDM-9500 Audiovox CDM-9600 Audiovox CDM-9900 Audiovox CDM-9950 Audiovox HTC-Apache / PPC-6700 Audiovox PC-3320 Audiovox PC-5220 Audiovox PC5740 EVDO PC Card Audiovox PM-8920 Audiovox PPC 4100 Audiovox PPC-5050-Falcon Audiovox PPC-6600/6601 Audiovox SMT-5600 Audiovox THERA / 2032 Audiovox VI600 Audiovox VOX-8610 Audiovox XV6600 B-Mobile B1+ B-Mobile C240 3G Flip Barnes & Noble Nook 16GB Silver BenQ P50 BenQ T60 Betsey Johnson Mobile by Samsung Big Button Flip Alcatel A392G BlackBerry 6210 / 6230 BlackBerry 6280 BlackBerry 6510 BlackBerry 6710 BlackBerry 6750 BlackBerry 7100g BlackBerry 7100i BlackBerry 7100r BlackBerry 7100t BlackBerry 7100v BlackBerry 7100x BlackBerry 7105t BlackBerry 7130c BlackBerry 7130e BlackBerry 7130e BlackBerry 7230 / 7210 BlackBerry 7250 BlackBerry 7250 BlackBerry 7270 BlackBerry 7280 BlackBerry 7290 BlackBerry 7510 BlackBerry 7520 BlackBerry 7750 BlackBerry 7780 / 7730 BlackBerry 8700c BlackBerry 8700g BlackBerry 8703e BlackBerry 8703e BlackBerry 8800 BlackBerry 8820 BlackBerry 8830 BlackBerry 9000-Bold BlackBerry 9330 Titanium BlackBerry 9720 White BlackBerry Apollo BlackBerry Bold 9650 BlackBerry Bold 9650 BlackBerry Bold 9700 BlackBerry Bold 9780 BlackBerry Bold 9900 BlackBerry Bold 9930 BlackBerry Classic BlackBerry Curve 3G 9300 BlackBerry Curve 3G 9330 Charcoal BlackBerry Curve 8320 BlackBerry Curve 8330 BlackBerry Curve 8350i BlackBerry Curve 8520 BlackBerry Curve 8530 BlackBerry Curve 8530 BlackBerry Curve 8530 Black BlackBerry Curve 8900 BlackBerry Curve 9300 Black BlackBerry Curve 9310 BlackBerry Curve 9315 BlackBerry Curve 9320 BlackBerry Curve 9330 BlackBerry Curve 9350 BlackBerry Curve 9360 BlackBerry Curve 9370 BlackBerry Curve-8300 BlackBerry Curve-8310 Red BlackBerry DTEK50 BlackBerry Javelin BlackBerry KEYone BlackBerry Leap BlackBerry Passport BlackBerry Pearl 3G 9100 Black BlackBerry Pearl 3G 9105 Black BlackBerry Pearl 8110 BlackBerry Pearl 8120 BlackBerry Pearl 8130 BlackBerry Pearl 8130 White BlackBerry Pearl Flip 8220 BlackBerry Pearl Flip 8230 BlackBerry Pearl-8100 Blue BlackBerry PlayBook BlackBerry Priv BlackBerry Q10 BlackBerry Q5 White BlackBerry Storm BlackBerry Storm2 BlackBerry Style BlackBerry Thunder-9500 BlackBerry Torch 9800 BlackBerry Torch 9810 BlackBerry Torch 9860 BlackBerry Tour BlackBerry Z10 BlackBerry Z30 Blackphone 2 BLU Advance 4.0 BLU Dash 5.0+ BLU Dash X BLU Life One M Blu Life One X BLU Life One X BLU Life One X2 BLU Life One X2 Mini BLU Life Play S BLU Life Play X BLU LIFE PRO BLU Life Pure BLU Life View BLU Life View Tab BLU Neo 4.5 BLU Pure XR BLU Studio 5.0 BLU Studio 5.0 C BLU Studio 5.0 C HD Black BLU Studio 5.0 II BLU Studio 5.0 II BLU Studio 5.0C BLU Studio 6.0 HD BLU Studio C 8+8 BLU Studio C Mini BLU Studio C Mini BLU Studio Energy BLU Studio J5 BLU Studio Mini LTE BLU Studio Selfie LTE BLU Vivo 4.8 HD BLU Vivo IV BLU Vivo XL BLU Win HD Neon Green BLU Win JR White Boost MAX by ZTE Boost Warp 4G by ZTE Brigadier by Kyocera Casio EXILIM Casio G'zOne Boulder - Black & Silver CASIO G'zONE Ravine 2 (Non-Camera) Casio GzOne Brigade Casio GzOne Commando Casio GzOne Ravine Casio GzOne Ravine 2 Casio GzOne Rock CAT B15Q CAT S40 Compal AR-11 Red E SC1100 Coolpad Arise Coolpad Avail Coolpad Catalyst Coolpad Flo Coolpad Flo Black Coolpad Rogue Curitel Identity Curitel TX-110C Curitel TX-115C Curitel TX-120C Curitel TX-30B Curitel TX-50C Curitel TX-55C Curitel TX-60B/TX-61B Curitel TX-65B Curitel TX-95C Danger HIPTOP / SIDEKICK Color Danger HIPTOP / T-MOBILE SIDEKICK Danger HIPTOP 2 / SIDEKICK II Danger Sidekick-3 Danger Sidekick-iD Grey Dell Aero Dell Inspiron 14z Laptop Dell Inspiron Mini 10 with T-Mobile webConnect Dell Inspiron Mini 1012 Dell Streak 7 Dell Venue Dell Venue Pro Digital Chocolate Inc. Crazy Penguin Catapult Digix Tab 730 Double Power Nobis 7 Inch 8GB White DROID 2 by Motorola DROID 3 by Motorola DROID 4 by Motorola DROID BIONIC 4G by Motorola DROID by Motorola DROID CHARGE by Samsung Droid DNA by HTC DROID ERIS by HTC DROID INCREDIBLE 2 by HTC DROID Incredible 4G LTE by HTC DROID INCREDIBLE by HTC DROID Pro by Motorola DROID R2 D2 by Motorola DROID RAZR by Motorola DROID RAZR HD by Motorola DROID RAZR M by Motorola DROID RAZR MAXX by Motorola DROID RAZR MAXX HD by Motorola DROID Turbo DROID X by Motorola DROID X2 by Motorola Ematic 7 Inch HD quad-core Ematic EGD 170 Black Enact by LG Ericsson A1228C Ericsson A1228D / A1228LX Ericsson A2218Z Ericsson c905a Ericsson Equinox Ericsson R278D Ericsson R280 / R289 Ericsson R300D / R300LX Ericsson R300Z Ericsson R380 WORLD Ericsson R520 Ericsson T28-World Ericsson T39 Ericsson T60D / T60LX Ericsson T66 Ericsson T68 Ericsson TM506 Ericsson Vivaz Ericsson W350 Ericsson W518a Ericsson Z750a Eten Glofiish-X500 Firefly FireFly Franklin 3G-4G USB U600 Franklin CDU-550AL Franklin Ellipsis Jetpack Black Franklin U300 Aircard Franklin U301 USB Device Franklin U600 4G USB Stick Black Galaxy Nexus by Samsung Garmin Garminfone Garmin nuvifone G60 Garmin-Asus nuvifone M20 Generic Manufacturer Sample Giveaway Item Generic Manufacturer VK-530 Google Nexus 10 16GB Google Nexus 4 Google Nexus 4 Google Nexus 5 Google Nexus 6 Google Nexus 7 Google Nexus 9 Google Nexus One Google Pixel Google Pixel C Google Pixel XL Hitachi G1000 Hitachi SH-P300 Honor 6X HP H6315 / H6310 HP iPAQ Glisten HP iPAQ hw6510 / hw6515 HP iPAQ-510-Voice-Messenger HP iPAQ-610-Business-Navigator HP IPAQ-6320 HP iPAQ-6325 HP iPAQ-6945 HP iPAQ-910c-Business-Messenger HP iPAQ-hw6915 HP iPAQ-hw6940 HP Mini 210-1076NR Netbook HP Mini 311-1037NR Netbook HP Netbook 9.7 inch Black HP Palm Pre 2 HP Pre 3 HP Slate 7 HP Slate10 HD HP Slate7 Extreme HP Slate7 Plus HP Slate8 Pro HP TouchPad HP Veer 4G HTC 10 HTC 3125 HTC 5800 HTC 7 Pro HTC 8125 HTC 8525 HTC 8925-Tilt HTC 8XT HTC A11 White HTC A5 Max Gray HTC Accord Black HTC All New One HTC Amaze HTC Aria HTC Arrive HTC BLUE ANGEL / MDA III / XDA IIS HTC Bolt HTC CANARY / SPV HTC Cedar HTC Dash HTC Dash 3G HTC Desire HTC Desire 510 HTC Desire 526 HTC Desire 530 HTC Desire 601 Black HTC Desire 610 HTC Desire 610 HTC Desire 612 HTC Desire 626 HTC Desire 626s HTC Desire 816 HTC Desire 826 HTC Desire C Black HTC Desire EYE HTC Desire Eye HTC Dream HTC Droid DNA HTC EVO 3D HTC EVO 3D HTC EVO 4G HTC EVO 4G LTE HTC EVO Design 4G HTC EVO Shift 4G HTC EVO V 4G Black HTC EVO View 4G HTC Excalibur HTC Faraday / 2100 / 2125 HTC First HTC Flyer HTC Freestyle HTC FUZE HTC G1 HTC HD 7 HTC HD Mini HTC HD2 HTC HD7S HTC Hero HTC Hero S HTC HIMALAYAS / XDA II / MDA II HTC Imagio HTC Inspire 4G HTC Jetstream HTC Lancaster HTC Legend HTC M7 (Beta) HTC Magic HTC Magician / MDA Compact HTC Max 4G HTC MDA HTC MDA Basic HTC Merge HTC Merge HTC Mogul HTC Mogul Pocket PC 6800 HTC myTouch 3G 3.5mm Jack White HTC myTouch 3G Slide Black HTC myTouch 3G White HTC Nexus 9 HTC One (E8) HTC One (M8) HTC One (M8) For Windows HTC One A9 HTC One Google Play edition HTC One M7 HTC One M9 HTC One Max HTC One mini HTC One mini 2 HTC One remix HTC One S HTC One SV HTC One V HTC One VX White HTC One X HTC One X global HTC One X+ HTC Ozone HTC P3300 HTC P4300 HTC P4350 HTC P6500 HTC PPC6800 HTC Prophet/i-mate JAMin HTC Pure HTC Radar HTC Rezound HTC Rhodium HTC Rhyme HTC S621 Excalibur HTC S630 Cavalier HTC S710 HTC S720 HTC S730 HTC S740 HTC S743 HTC Salsa HTC SDA HTC Sensation HTC Shadow HTC Shift HTC SMT5800 HTC Snap HTC Space Needle/Pocket PC Phone HTC Star Trek/8500 HTC Status HTC Surround HTC TANAGER / SPV E100 / QTEK 7070 HTC Tattoo HTC Thunderbolt HTC Tilt 2 HTC Titan HTC Titan II HTC Tornado/SDA HTC Touch HTC Touch Cruise HTC Touch Diamond HTC Touch Diamond2 HTC Touch HD HTC Touch Pro HTC Touch Pro 2 HTC Touch Pro 6850 HTC Touch Viva HTC Touch-Cruise HTC Touch-DUAL HTC Touch-XV6900 HTC Trophy HTC TyTN HTC TyTN-II-Kaiser HTC U Play HTC U Ultra HTC Vivid HTC VOYAGER / SPV E200 / XPHONE HTC Warhawk HTC Wildfire S HTC Wing HTC X7500 HTC XV6800 Huawei Activa 4G Huawei Ascend Huawei Ascend 5W HUAWEI Ascend II Huawei Ascend Mate 2 Huawei Ascend Mate2 Huawei Ascend P1 S Huawei Ascend Plus Huawei Ascend Q Huawei Ascend W1 Huawei Ascend Y Huawei EC-3360 Huawei EC228 Huawei Express Huawei Express Mobile Hotspot Huawei Fusion 2 Black Huawei Fusion U8652 Blue Huawei Glory Huawei GX8 Huawei H110C Huawei H110C Huawei H210C Huawei H215G Huawei H866C Huawei H881 Black Huawei Honor 5X Huawei Honor 6 Huawei Honor 6 Plus Huawei Honor 8 Huawei Impulse 4G Huawei Inspira Huawei M318 Huawei M328 Huawei M735 Huawei M750 Huawei M835 Huawei M865 Huawei Magna Huawei Mate 8 Huawei Mate 9 Huawei Mate S Huawei Mercury Huawei Mercury Ice Huawei NET10 Home Phone Huawei Nexus 6P Huawei P10 Huawei P10 Plus Huawei P8 lite Huawei P9 Huawei P9 Plus Huawei Pal Huawei Pillar Huawei Pinnacle Huawei Pinnacle Huawei Pinnacle 2 Huawei Premia 4G Huawei Premia 4G Huawei Pronto Huawei Raven Huawei SENSA Huawei SnapTo Huawei Summit Huawei Summit Huawei Tap Berry Huawei Tap Midnight Blue Huawei U2800A Pal Black Huawei U3900 Black Huawei U8651T Prism Huawei UMG181 Huawei Union Huawei USBConnect Force 4G Huawei Valiant Huawei Valiant Huawei Verge Huawei Verge Huawei Vitria Huawei W1 Huawei Watch Huawei Watch 2 i-mate JAM i-mate JAQ i-mate JAQ3 i-mate JASJAR 3G PDA i-mate K-JAM i-mate PDAL i-mate Smartflip i-mate SP3i i-mate SPL i-mate Ultimate 6150 i-mate Ultimate 8150 i-mate Ultimate-8502 i-mate Ultimate-9502 innostream INNO A11 innostream INNO-30 innostream INNO-55 innostream INNO-89 innostream INNO-90 innostream INNO-98 / 99 Jolla Tablet KIN One Kyocera 1135 Kyocera 1155 Kyocera 126C Kyocera 2119 Kyocera 2135 Kyocera 2235 Kyocera 2255 Kyocera 2325 Kyocera 2345 Kyocera 3225 Kyocera 323 Kyocera 3245 Kyocera 3250 Kyocera 5135 Kyocera 7135 Kyocera Adreno-S240 Black Kyocera AKTIV-K480 Kyocera Brigadier Kyocera Brio Kyocera Coast Kyocera Contact Kyocera Cyclops-K312 Kyocera Cyclops-K325 Kyocera Deco-E1000 Kyocera Domino Kyocera Dorado-KX13 Kyocera DuraCore Kyocera DuraForce Kyocera DuraForce Pro Kyocera DuraForce XD Kyocera DuraMax Kyocera DuraPlus Kyocera DuraPro Kyocera DuraShock Kyocera DuraShock Kyocera DuraXE Kyocera DuraXT Kyocera DuraXTP Kyocera DuraXV Kyocera Echo Kyocera ENERGI-K490 Kyocera ENERGI-K493 Kyocera Event Kyocera Hydro Kyocera Hydro Air Kyocera Hydro Edge Kyocera Hydro Elite Kyocera Hydro Icon Kyocera Hydro Icon Kyocera Hydro Life Kyocera Hydro REACH Kyocera Hydro Vibe Kyocera Hydro View Kyocera Hydro Wave Kyocera Hydro XTRM Kyocera K10 Royale Kyocera K132 Kyocera K322 Kyocera K323 Kyocera K342 Kyocera K404 Kyocera K822 Kyocera K9 Kyocera KE413 / KE414 Phantom Kyocera KE424C / KX424 Blade Kyocera KE433 / K7 Rave Kyocera Kona Kyocera KPC-650 Kyocera KPC650 EVDO PC Card Kyocera KPC680-ExpressCard Kyocera KX1-SOHO Kyocera KX12 Kyocera KX16-Candid Kyocera KX18-ANGEL Kyocera KX18-JET Kyocera KX2 Kyocera KX2-KOI Kyocera KX414 Phantom Kyocera KX433 / KX434 Rave Kyocera KX440 / KX444 Kyocera KX9A Kyocera Laylo M1400 Kyocera Lingo-M1000 Kyocera Loft S2300 Black Kyocera Luno Kyocera Mako-S4000 Black Kyocera Melo S1300 Kyocera Milan-KX9B / KX9C Kyocera Milano Kyocera Neo E1100 Kyocera Oystr-KX9d Kyocera Presto Kyocera Presto Kyocera QCP-2035 Kyocera QCP-3035 Kyocera QCP-6035 Kyocera Rally Kyocera Rio Kyocera Rise Kyocera S14-Opal Kyocera S2100 Black Kyocera SE47 / SE44 / V5 Slider Kyocera SE47 Slider Kyocera Slider-Remix-KX5 Kyocera Slider-Sonic Kyocera Strobe-K612B Kyocera Switch-Back Kyocera Tempo-E2000 Kyocera TNT Kyocera Torino Kyocera Torino Kyocera Torque Kyocera TorqueXT Kyocera Verve Kyocera Wild-Card Kyocera X-tc M2000 Kyocera Xcursion-KX160 LeapFrog Tic-Talk LeEco Le Pro3 LeEco Le S3 Lenovo Phab 2 Pro LG 221C LG 101 LG 1010 LG 108C LG 109C LG 1500 LG 200 LG 220C LG 231C LG 235C LG 236C LG 237C LG 238C LG 290c LG 305C LG 306G LG 306G LG 320G LG 329G LG 400G LG 4015 LG 4050 LG 410G LG 420G Black LG 440G Black LG 441G LG 442BG LG 450 LG 4NE1 LG 500G LG 505C LG 511C LG 5450 LG 600G LG 6190 LG 620G LG 800G LG 840G LG 900G LG A340 LG A380 LG A7110 LG Access LTE LG Accolade LG Ally LG Apex LG Arena LG Aristo LG Aspire LG Attune LG AX-145 LG AX-245 LG AX-275 Silver LG AX-355 LG AX-390 LG AX-4270 LG AX-490 LG AX-8600 Silver LG AX155 LG AX300 LG AX4750 LG AX5000 / UX5000 LG AX565 LG AX8600 LG B470 LG Banter LG Banter Touch LG Beacon LG Beacon LG Bliss LG C1300i LG C2000 LG C900 LG CE110 LG CE500 LG CF360 LG CG180 LG CG225 LG CG300 LG Chocolate 3 LG Chocolate Touch LG Chocolate VX8550 LG Chocolate White LG Classic LG Clout LG Connect 4G LG Connect 4G LG Converse LG Cosmos LG Cosmos 2 LG Cosmos 2 Black LG Cosmos 3 LG Cosmos Touch LG CP150 LG CU320 LG CU400 LG CU500 LG CU500v LG CU515 LG Dare LG Decoy LG Destiny LG dLite LG Doubleplay LG Enact LG Encore LG Enlighten LG enV Touch LG enV VX11000 LG enV VX9900 LG enV-VX-9900 LG enV2 LG enV3 LG Envoy LG Envoy II LG Escape LG Escape 2 LG Esteem LG Esteem LG Exalt LG Exceed Black LG Exchange LG eXpo LG Extravert LG Extravert 2 LG F7200 LG F9100 LG F9200 LG Fathom LG Flare LG Freedom LG Fusic-LX550 LG G Flex LG G Flex 2 LG G Pad 10.1 LTE LG G Pad 10.1 LTE LG G Pad 7.0 LTE LG G Pad 7.0 LTE LG G Pad 8.3 LG G Pad 8.3 LG G Pad 8.3 Google Play edition LG G Pad F7.0 LG G Pad X 8.0 LG G Pro 2 LG G Stylo LG G Vista LG G Vista 2 LG G Watch LG G Watch R LG G2 LG G3 LG G3 Vigor LG G4 LG G4010 / G4011 LG G4020 LG G5 LG G6 LG Genesis LG Glance LG Glimmer LG GM730 LG GS170 LG GU295 LG HB620T LG Helix UX310 Orange LG Ignite LG Imprint LG INCITE LG Intuition LG Intuition LG Invision LG K10 LG K20 plus LG K3 LG K4 LG K7 LG K8 V LG KE850-Prada LG KE970-Shine LG KF900-Prada LG KP265 LG KP500 Cookie LG KU990-Viewty LG L1150 / L1100 LG L1200 LG L1400 LG L1400i LG L34C LG L35G SIM4 LG L39C LG Lancet LG Leon LTE LG LG 530G LG LG-AX-140 LG Lotus LG Lotus Elite LG Lucid LG Lucid 2 LG Lucid 2 LG Lucid 3 LG Lucky LG LX-150 LG LX-5550 / VX-5550 LG LX1200 LG LX150 LG LX160 LG LX290 LG LX350 LG LX350 LG LX370 LG LX400 LG LX400 LG LX535 LG LX5350 LG LX550 LG Lyric LG M4410 LG Mach LG Marquee LG Migo LG Migo (sm) LG MM-535 LG Motion 4G LG Motion 4G LG Muziq LX570 LG Muziq-LX-570 Black LG Mystique LG Neon LG Neon II LG Nexus 5X LG Nitro HD LG Octane LG Optimus 2X LG Optimus 4X HD LG Optimus Black LG Optimus C LG Optimus Dynamic LG Optimus Dynamic II LG Optimus Elite LG Optimus Exceed 2 LG Optimus Extreme LG Optimus F3 LG Optimus F3Q LG Optimus F5 LG Optimus F6 LG Optimus F7 LG Optimus Fuel LG Optimus G LG Optimus G Pro LG Optimus L70 LG Optimus L9 LG Optimus L90 LG Optimus Logic LG Optimus M LG Optimus M LG Optimus M Plus LG Optimus M+ LG Optimus Net LG Optimus Plus LG Optimus Q LG Optimus Regard LG Optimus S LG Optimus S Purple LG Optimus SHOWTIME LG Optimus Slider LG Optimus U LG Optimus Ultimate LG Optimus V LG Optimus V LG Optimus Zip LG Optimus Zone LG Optimus Zone 2 LG Optimus Zone 3 LG Phoenix LG Phoenix 2 LG Phoenix 3 LG PM-225 LG PM-225 LG PM-325 LG Power L22C LG Premier LG Prestige LG Prime LG Quantum LG Realm LG Realm Black LG Rebel LG Remarq LG Renoir-KC910 LG Revere LG Revere LG Revere 2 LG Revere 3 LG Revolution LG Rhythm LG Risio LG Rumor LG Rumor 2 LG Rumor Black LG Rumor Reflex LG Rumor Reflex S LG Rumor Touch LG Saber LG Scoop LG Select LG Sentio LG Shine CU720 LG Shine II LG Shine-CU720 LG Spirit LG Spirit 4G LG Splendor LG Spree LG Spyder 830 LG Star Black LG Stylo 2 LG Stylo 2 PLUS LG Stylo 2 V LG Stylo 3 LG Sunrise LG Sunset LG Swift LG Thrive LG TM-220 LG TM-510 LG TP-1100 LG TP-5200 LG TP-5250 LG Transpyre LG Trax-CU575 LG Treasure LTE LG Tribute LG Tribute 2 LG Tribute 5 LG Tribute HD LG Tritan LG U8150 LG Ultimate 2 LG UX-210 LG UX-245 LG UX-355 LG UX-390 LG UX220 LG UX4750 LG V10 LG V20 LG Venice LG Venus LG Versa LG VI-125 LG VI-125 LG VI-5225 LG VI5225 / 5400A LG Viper LG VL600 4G USB Modem LG Volt LG Volt 2 LG Vortex LG Voyager LG Vu CU915 LG Vu CU920 LG Vu Plus LG VX-1 / TM-520 LG VX-10 LG VX-2000 LG VX-3100 / 3100A / TM250 LG VX-3200 LG VX-3450 LG VX-4100 LG VX-4270 LG VX-4400 LG VX-4500 LG VX-4600 LG VX-4700 LG VX-5200 LG VX-5200 LG VX-5400 LG VX-6000 LG VX-6100 LG VX-7000 LG VX-8000 LG VX-8100 LG VX-8300 LG VX-8350 LG VX-8500-Chocolate LG VX-8550-Chocolate Black LG VX-8600 LG VX-8700 LG VX-9000 LG VX-9400 LG VX-9800 LG VX3100 LG VX3300 LG VX3300 LG VX3400 LG VX3400 LG VX3450 LG VX3450L LG VX4400 LG VX4500 LG VX4650 LG VX5200 LG VX5300 LG VX5400 LG VX5500 LG VX7000 LG VX8000 LG VX8300 LG VX8350 LG VX8350 Red LG VX8360 LG VX8600 LG VX9800 LG Watch Urbane LG Wave-AX380 LG Wine II UN430 Titanium Gray LG X Power LG X Style LG Xenon LG Xpression LG Xpression 2 LG Xpression 2 Blue LG100C LG200C LG225 LG300G LG400G LG501C LG620G LG900G Linksys Hi Port Router Lucid 3 by LG Mach Speed Trio Stealth G4 Mach Speed Trio Stealth Pro Mach Speed Trio Stealth Pro G2 MEEP Children's Android Tablet Meizu M2 Note Meta M1 MW4003 Microsoft Lumia 535 Microsoft Lumia 550 Microsoft Lumia 640 Microsoft Lumia 640 XL Microsoft Lumia 650 Microsoft Lumia 735 Microsoft Lumia 950 Microsoft Lumia 950 XL MiFi 2200 Mobile Hotspot MiFi 3G/4G Mobile Hotspot MiFi 3G/4G Mobile Hotspot by Novatel Wireless MiFi 500 LTE by Novatel Wireless MiTAC MIO-8380 MiTAC MIO-8390 Mitsubishi G310 Mitsubishi G360 Mitsubishi G410 Mitsubishi M900/M430i Moto 360 (2nd Gen) 42mm Moto 360 (2nd Gen) 46mm Moto 360 Sport Moto E3 Moto G4 Moto G4 Play Moto G4 Plus Moto G5 Moto G5 Plus Moto Z Force Moto Z Play Motorola HOLLYWOOD/ E815 Motorola 2004-Nascar-Nextel-Cup-Series-Dale-Jarrett Motorola 388C Motorola 408 Motorola A009 Motorola A1200 Ming Motorola A1200/MING Black Motorola A388 Motorola A6288 Motorola A630 Motorola A630 Motorola A668 Motorola A780 Motorola A810 Motorola A830 Motorola A835 Motorola A840 Motorola A845 Motorola A855 Motorola A920 Motorola Admiral Motorola Adventure V750 Motorola Atrix 2 Motorola Atrix 4G Motorola Atrix HD Motorola AURA Motorola Backflip Motorola Barrage Motorola Bravo Motorola Brute i680 Motorola Buzz ic502 Motorola Buzz-ic502 Black Motorola C139 Motorola C155 Motorola C168i Motorola C186i Motorola C250 / C256 Motorola C261 Motorola C290 Motorola C331T Motorola C332 / C331G / C333 Motorola C343 / C343A / C341 Motorola C350G / C353 / C359 GSM Motorola C353T Motorola C370 / C450 Motorola C380 Motorola C381p Motorola C650 Motorola Charm Motorola Citrus Motorola CLIQ Motorola CLIQ 2 Motorola CLIQ XT Motorola Clutch i465 Motorola Clutch Plus i475 Motorola Crush Motorola Debut i856 Motorola Defy Motorola Defy XT Motorola Devour Motorola DROID MAXX Motorola DROID Maxx 2 Motorola DROID Mini Motorola DROID Turbo 2 Motorola DROID TURBO Black Motorola DROID Ultra Motorola Droid Xyboard 10.1 Motorola Droid Xyboard 8.2 Motorola e1000 Motorola E310 Motorola E380 Motorola E398 Motorola E680 Motorola E815 Motorola Electrify Motorola Electrify 2 Motorola Electrify M Motorola EM326g Motorola EM330 Motorola Entice Motorola Evoke Motorola EX124G Motorola EX431G Motorola Flipout Motorola Flipside Motorola Grasp Motorola Heron Motorola Hint QA30 Motorola Hollywood-E816 Black Motorola i1 Motorola I2000PLUS Motorola i205 Motorola i215 Motorola i265 Motorola i275 Motorola i285 Motorola i290 Motorola i296 Black Motorola i305 Motorola I30SX Motorola i315 Motorola i325 Motorola i335 Motorola i355 Motorola I35S Motorola i365 Motorola i415 Motorola i425 Motorola i450 Motorola I50SX Motorola i530 Motorola i530b Motorola i530y Motorola i530y Motorola I55SR / I58SR Motorola i560 Motorola i570 Motorola i576 Motorola i580 Motorola i605 Motorola i605 Motorola I60C Motorola i670 Motorola i710 Motorola i710 Motorola i720 Motorola i730 / i733 Motorola i736-2004-Nascar-Nextel-Cup-Series-Jeff-Gordon Motorola i736-2004-Nascar-Nextel-Cup-Series-Tony-Stewart Motorola i760 Motorola i776 Motorola i776W Motorola I80S Motorola i830 Motorola i830 Silver Motorola i835 Motorola i836 Motorola i850 Motorola i855 Motorola I85S / I88S Motorola i860 Motorola i870 Motorola i880 Motorola i880 Motorola i885 Motorola i886 Motorola i890 Motorola I90C Motorola i920 Motorola i930 Motorola I95CL / I99CL Motorola ic402-Blend Motorola ic602-Buzz Motorola ic902 Motorola Karma QA1 Motorola Krave ZN4 Motorola KRZR-K1 Cosmic Blue Motorola KRZR-K1m Motorola L2 Motorola L6 Motorola Luge Motorola Luge Black Motorola Milestone 3 Motorola Milestone Plus Motorola Moto 360 Motorola Moto E (1st Gen) Motorola Moto E (2nd Gen) Motorola Moto E Black Motorola Moto G Motorola Moto G (2nd Gen.) Black Motorola Moto G (3rd Gen) Motorola Moto G 4G LTE Motorola Moto G Play Motorola MOTO VE66 Motorola Moto X Motorola Moto X (2014) Motorola Moto X (2nd Gen.) Black Motorola Moto X Play Motorola Moto X Pure Motorola Moto Z Motorola MOTO Z10 Motorola MOTO ZN200 Motorola MOTO-ACTV-W450 Yellow Motorola MOTOMING-A1600 Motorola MOTOMING-A1800 Motorola MOTOROKR-EM25 Motorola MOTOROKR-EM28 Motorola MOTOROKR-EM30 Motorola MPx Motorola MPX100 Motorola MPX200 Motorola MPX220 Motorola PEBL Motorola PEBL Motorola PHOTON 4G Motorola Photon Q Motorola Q Motorola Q-11 Motorola Q9 Motorola Q9c Motorola Q9h-Global Motorola Q9m Motorola Quantico W845 Motorola Rapture VU30 Motorola Razr V3 Motorola RAZR V3 Dolce & Gabbana Motorola RAZR V3m Motorola RAZR VE20 Motorola RAZR-maxx-Ve Motorola RAZR-V3 Silver Motorola RAZR-V3a Motorola RAZR-V3c Motorola RAZR-V3i Motorola RAZR-V3m Motorola RAZR-V3r Fire Red Motorola RAZR-V3s Motorola RAZR-V3t Black Motorola RAZR-V3x Dark Blue Motorola RAZR-V3xx Grey Motorola RAZR2 V9m Motorola RAZR2-V8 Motorola RAZR2-V9 Motorola RAZR2-V9x Black Motorola Renegade V950 Motorola Renew Motorola Rival Motorola RIZR Z3 Motorola RIZR-Z3 Black Motorola RIZR-Z6c Motorola RIZR-Z6tv Motorola RIZR-Z8 Motorola ROKR E8 Motorola ROKR EM35 Motorola ROKR U9 Motorola ROKR Z6 Motorola ROKR-E1 Motorola ROKR-E2 Motorola ROKR-E6 Motorola ROKR-Z6 Black Motorola ROKR-Z6m Motorola Roxy-i830 Motorola Sidekick-Slide Motorola SLVR-L7 Motorola SLVR-L7c Black Motorola SLVR-L7e Motorola SLVR-L7i Motorola SLVR-L9 Motorola Stature i9 Motorola Surf A3100 Motorola T191 Motorola T280I Motorola T300P Motorola T720 / T721 Motorola T720I / T722I GSM Motorola T722i Motorola T725E Motorola T730 / T731C Motorola TALKABOUT-T193 / T193M Motorola Theory Motorola TIMEPORT P7382I Motorola TIMEPORT-270C Motorola TIMEPORT-P280 Motorola Titanium Motorola Triumph Motorola Tundra Motorola U9 Black Motorola v100 Motorola v120C Motorola v120e Motorola v120T Motorola v120X Motorola V171 Motorola V173 Motorola V176 Motorola V177 Motorola v180 Motorola V188 Motorola V190 Motorola V195 Motorola V195 Motorola v200 Motorola v220 Motorola V226 Motorola V235 Motorola V260 Motorola V260 / V262 Motorola v265 Motorola V266 Motorola V276 Motorola v300 Motorola v323 Motorola V325 Motorola V330 Motorola V360 Motorola V365 Motorola V3a Fire red Motorola v400 Motorola V400p Motorola v500 / v525 / v505 Motorola v535 / v545 / v550 / e550 Motorola V540 Motorola V551 Motorola V555 Motorola V557 Motorola v600 Motorola V600 Motorola v60C Motorola v60G Motorola v60I-TDMA / v60TI Motorola v60P / v60S Motorola v60T Motorola v60V Motorola V60X Motorola v620 Motorola v635 Motorola V65p Motorola v66 Motorola v66I Motorola v690 Motorola v70 Motorola v710 Motorola v80 Motorola v810 Motorola V872 Motorola v878 Motorola V980 Motorola VE240 Motorola VE465 Motorola VE75 Black Motorola VU204 Motorola W160 Motorola W175 Motorola W180 Motorola W206 Motorola W213 Motorola W230 Motorola W270 Motorola W315 Black Motorola W370 Motorola W375 Motorola W375g Motorola W376g Motorola W380 Motorola W385 Motorola W395 Motorola W408g Motorola W409G Motorola W418G Motorola W419G Black Motorola W490 Motorola W490 Motorola W510 Motorola W510 Motorola W755 Motorola XOOM Motorola XPRT Motorola Z6w Motorola Z9 Motorola Zine ZN5 myTouch 4G NEC 232E NEC 515 NEC 525 NEC 535 NEC Terrain Neonode Freerunner Neonode N1 Neonode N2 Netgear 341U USB Modem Netgear Mingle Mobile Hotspot NETGEAR Unite Netgear Zing NETGEAR Zing Netgear Zing Mobile Hotspot Nextbit Robin NextBook NEXT 10P12 9.7 inch Nexus S 4G Nexus S from Google Nixxo NXG-7300 Nixxo NXG-9230 Nokia 1006 Nokia 1100 Nokia 1101 Nokia 1108 Apple Silver Nokia 1110 Nokia 1208 Nokia 1208 Nokia 1221 Nokia 1260 / 1261 Nokia 1600 Nokia 1606 Nokia 1616 Nokia 1661 Nokia 1661 Nokia 1680 Nokia 2115i/2116i Nokia 2125i/2126i/2128i Nokia 2128 Nokia 2135 Nokia 216 Nokia 2260 Nokia 2270 Nokia 2285 / 2275 Nokia 2330 Nokia 2365i Nokia 2366i Nokia 2600 Nokia 2608 Nokia 2610 Nokia 2630 Nokia 2650 Nokia 2651 Nokia 2680 Nokia 2700 Classic Nokia 2855 Nokia 2865 Nokia 3100 Nokia 3108 Nokia 3120 Blue Nokia 3128 Nokia 3155i / VI3155 Nokia 3200 Nokia 3205 Nokia 3220 Nokia 3220 Nokia 3230 Nokia 3250 Black Nokia 3285 Nokia 3300 Nokia 3360 / 3361 Nokia 3390 Nokia 3395 Nokia 3500-classic Nokia 3555 Nokia 3560 Nokia 3570 Nokia 3585 / 3585I Nokia 3586I / 3588I Nokia 3588i Nokia 3589I / 3587I Nokia 3590 Nokia 3595 Nokia 3600 Nokia 3600-Slide Wine Nokia 3606 Nokia 3610 Nokia 3620 Nokia 3650 Nokia 3660 Nokia 3660 Nokia 3711 Nokia 5100 Nokia 5130 Nokia 5140 Nokia 5165 Nokia 5185I Nokia 5220-XpressMusic Nokia 5300 Red Nokia 5310 XpressMusic Nokia 5320-XpressMusic Nokia 5500-Sport Nokia 5530 XpressMusic Black Nokia 5610 Nokia 5630 XpressMusic Red Nokia 5700-XpressMusic Nokia 5800-XpressMusic Blue Nokia 6010 Nokia 6015i Nokia 6015i Nokia 6016i Nokia 6020 Nokia 6021 Nokia 6030 Nokia 6030 Nokia 6060 Nokia 6061 Nokia 6085 Nokia 6086 Nokia 6100 Nokia 6101 Nokia 6101/6102 Nokia 6102i Nokia 6103 Nokia 6108 Nokia 6110 Nokia 6111 Nokia 6120-classic Nokia 6121-classic Nokia 6125 Nokia 6126 Nokia 6131 Nokia 6133 Nokia 6133 Nokia 6136 Nokia 6155i Nokia 6165i Nokia 6165i Nokia 6170 Nokia 6200 Nokia 6205 Nokia 6215i Nokia 6215i Nokia 6220 Nokia 6225 / PM6225 Nokia 6230 Nokia 6230i Nokia 6233 Black Nokia 6235i/6236i Nokia 6255i Nokia 6256i Nokia 6260 Nokia 6260 slide Black Nokia 6263 Nokia 6265 Nokia 6267 Nokia 6270 Mist Blue Nokia 6275i Nokia 6280 Grey Nokia 6282 Nokia 6290 Nokia 6300 Nokia 6301 Nokia 6303 Classic Silver Nokia 6305i Nokia 6310I Nokia 6315i Nokia 6340 Nokia 6340I Nokia 6350 Nokia 6360 Nokia 6370 Nokia 6385 Nokia 6500-Slide Nokia 6555 Nokia 6560 Nokia 6585 Nokia 6590 / 6590I Nokia 6600 Nokia 6600-fold Nokia 6600-Slide Nokia 6610 Nokia 6610I Nokia 6620 Nokia 6630 Nokia 6650 Nokia 6651 Nokia 6670 Nokia 6680 Nokia 6682/6681 Nokia 6700 Classic Sliver Nokia 6708 Nokia 6800 Nokia 6800 Nokia 6810 Nokia 6820/6820i Nokia 6822 Nokia 7160 Nokia 7190 Nokia 7200 Nokia 7210 Nokia 7250 / 7250I Nokia 7260 Nokia 7270 Nokia 7280 Nokia 7360 White Amber Nokia 7370 Brown Nokia 7380 Nokia 7510 Nokia 7600 Nokia 7610 Nokia 7610 Supernova Nokia 7700 Nokia 7710 Nokia 7900-Prism Nokia 8260 Nokia 8265 / 8265I Nokia 8270 Nokia 8290 Nokia 8390 Nokia 8600-Luna Nokia 8800 / 8801 Nokia 8800 Arte Nokia 8890 Nokia 9290 Nokia 9300 Nokia 9300i Nokia 9500 Nokia Astound Nokia C6 White Nokia E50 Nokia E51 Nokia E55 Black Aluminium Nokia E61 Nokia E61i Nokia E62 Nokia E63 Ruby Red Nokia E65 Mocca Silver Nokia E66 Nokia E70 Nokia E71 Nokia E71x Nokia E72 Nokia E73 Mode Nokia E75 Red Nokia E90 Nokia Intrigue 7205 Silver Keypad Nokia Lumia 1020 Nokia Lumia 1320 Nokia Lumia 1520 Nokia Lumia 2520 Nokia Lumia 2520 Red Nokia Lumia 520 Nokia Lumia 520 Black Nokia Lumia 521 Nokia Lumia 530 Nokia Lumia 620 Cyan Nokia Lumia 625 Nokia Lumia 635 Nokia Lumia 710 Nokia Lumia 800 Magenta Nokia Lumia 810 Nokia Lumia 810 Nokia Lumia 820 Nokia Lumia 822 Nokia Lumia 830 Nokia Lumia 830 Nokia Lumia 900 Nokia Lumia 920 Nokia Lumia 925 Nokia Lumia 928 Nokia Lumia Icon Nokia Mirage 2605 Nokia Mural Nokia N-Gage Nokia N-GAGE QD Nokia N1 Nokia N70 Nokia n71 Nokia N72 Nokia N73 Nokia N73 Deep Plum Silver Nokia N75 Nokia N76 Red Nokia N78 Nokia N79 Nokia N8 Black Nokia N80 Nokia N81-8GB Nokia N810 Silver Nokia N810 WiMax edition Nokia N82 Nokia N85 Nokia N86 Black Nokia N90 Nokia N900 Nokia N91 Light Chrome Nokia N93 Nokia N95 Nokia N95 8GB Nokia N96 Nokia N97 Nokia N97 Mini Nokia NGage Nokia Nuron 5230 Nokia Nuron 5230 Nokia Shade 2705 Nokia Shorty Nokia Supernova-7210 Nokia Supernova-7310 Nokia Supernova-7510 Nokia Surge Nokia Tiger White Nokia Twist 7705 Nokia VI-3155 Nokia X2 Nokia X2 Novatel Broadband2Go Novatel EX720 Express PC Card Novatel EX720 ExpressCard Novatel Merlin C777 Novatel Merlin S620 Novatel MiFi 5580 Novatel MiFi Liberate Novatel Ovation U727 Novatel Ovation U760 Novatel Ovation-U727 Novatel S720 Novatel S720-Wireless-PC-Card Novatel U720 PC/Mac Card Novatel U760 Novatel USB1000 Global Modem Novatel USB720 Novatel USB727-Modem Novatel V620 EVDO PC Card Novatel V620-EV-DO-PC-card Novatel V640 PC/Mac USB Broadband Card Novatel V640-PC-Card Novatel V740 Express Card Novatel V740 PC/Mac Wireless Broadband Card o2 XDA Ignito o2 XDA-Stealth OnePlus 2 OnePlus 3 OnePlus 3T OnePlus One OnePlus One OnePlus X Oppo N1 Option GT-Max-3.6-Express Option GT-Max-Wireless-Card Option GT-Ultra Option GT-Ultra-Express Overdrive 3G 4G Mobile Hotspot Palm 680 Palm 700p Palm 700w-CDMA Palm 700wx Palm 750 Palm 755p Blue Palm Centro Palm M500 Palm Pixi Palm Pixi Plus Palm Pre Palm Pre Plus Palm Pro Palm Treo 650 Palm Treo 700wx Palm Treo 800w Palm Treo Pro Palm TREO-180 Palm Treo-270 Palm TREO-300 Palm TREO-600-GSM Palm TREO-650 Panasonic ALLURE-EB-TX310 Panasonic DURAMAX-EB-TX220 Panasonic G50 / G51 Panasonic G51U Panasonic G60U Panasonic G70 Panasonic GD55 / A100 Panasonic GD87 / GU87 Panasonic VERSIO-EB-TX320 Panasonic VS7 Panasonic X11 Panasonic X300 Panasonic X500 Panasonic X70 Panasonic X700 Panasonic X800 Pantech Breakout Pantech Breeze II Pantech Breeze III Pantech Breeze IV Black Pantech Breeze-C520 Pantech Burst Pantech C150 Pantech C3b Pantech C610 Pantech C630 Pantech Caper Pantech CDM-180 Pantech CDM8635 Pantech Crossover Pantech Crux Pantech Discover Pantech Duo-C810 Pantech Ease Pantech Element Pantech Flex Pantech Hero/PN-8300 Pantech Hotshot Pantech Impact Pantech Jest Pantech Jest 2 Pantech Laser Pantech Link Pantech Link II Pantech Marauder Pantech Matrix Pantech Matrix Pro Pantech Ocean Pantech Ocean 2 Pantech P7040p Pantech Perception Pantech Perception Pantech PG-8000 Pantech PG-C120 Pantech PG-C300 Pantech PN-215 Pantech PN-218 Pantech PN-320 Pantech PN-3200 Pantech PN-820 Pantech Pocket Pantech Pursuit Pantech Pursuit II Pantech PX-500 Pantech Renue Pantech Renue Pantech Reveal Pantech Slate Pantech Snapper Pantech Swift Pantech UML290 4G USB Modem Pantech UML295 LTE USB Modem Pantech UMW190 Global USB Modem Pantech Vybe PCD CDM 8950 PCD CDM-8975 PCD Chaser PCD Escapade PCD Razzle PCD Sprint Phone Connect Black PCD TXTM8 PCD Venture Black Pebble Steel Black Phone Connect 3 Plum Might Z513 Polaroid A4 Polaroid A5 Polaroid A6 Que 4.5 Que 5.0 REEF RIM BlackBerry 6710 RIM BlackBerry 7100t RIM BlackBerry 7105t RIM BlackBerry 7130e RIM BlackBerry 7230 RIM BlackBerry 8700g Rugged CAT S50 S275G Sagem MY-X-5P Sagem my301L Samsung 4G Mobile Hotspot LC11 Samsung A157 Gray Samsung A177 Samsung A580 Samsung Access Samsung Acclaim SCH-r880 Samsung Admire Samsung Admire Samsung Alias 2 Samsung Array Samsung ATIV Odyssey Samsung ATIV S Neo Samsung ATIV SE Samsung Axle Samsung Beam Samsung Beat Samsung Beat DJ M7600 Samsung Beat-SGH-T539 Samsung Behold Samsung Behold II Samsung BlackJack II i617 Samsung Blackjack-2-SGH-617 Black Samsung BlackJack-SGH-i607 Samsung Blast-SGH-T729 Samsung Brightside Samsung Byline R310 Samsung Caliber SCH-r850 Samsung Captivate Samsung Captivate Glide Samsung Character Gray Samsung Chianti Samsung Chrono Samsung Chrono 2 Samsung Cobra M320-Burgundy Samsung Code Samsung Comeback Samsung Comment Samsung Comment 2 Samsung Conquer 4G Samsung Continuum Samsung Contour 2 Samsung Contour 2 Samsung Convoy Samsung Convoy 2 Samsung Convoy 3 Samsung Craft Samsung Craft SCH-r900 Samsung D415 Samsung D510 Samsung D900 Samsung Dart Samsung Dart Samsung Delve Samsung Diane-Von-Furstenberg-Mobile Samsung DoubleTime Samsung Drift Samsung E105 Samsung E315 Samsung E335 Samsung E350 Samsung E635 Samsung E715 Samsung Emporio-Armani-M7500 Samsung Entro Samsung Epic Samsung Epic 4G Touch Samsung Epix Samsung Eternity Samsung Eternity II Samsung Evergreen Samsung Exclaim Samsung Exec SCH-i225 Samsung Exhibit 4G Samsung Exhibit II 4G Samsung F110-Adidas-miCoach Samsung F700 Samsung Factor Samsung Fascinate Samsung Fin Samsung Finesse r810 Samsung Flight Samsung Flight II Samsung FlipShot-U900 Black Samsung Focus Samsung Focus 2 Samsung Focus Flash Samsung Focus S Samsung Freeform Samsung Freeform 4 Samsung Freeform 5 Samsung Freeform II Samsung Freeform II Samsung Freeform III Samsung Freeform III Samsung Freeform M Samsung G800 Samsung Galaxy 4 mini White Samsung Galaxy A3 (2017) Samsung Galaxy A5 Samsung Galaxy A5 (2017) Samsung Galaxy A7 (2017) Samsung Galaxy Ace Samsung Galaxy Ace 3 4G LTE Samsung Galaxy Ace 4 LTE Samsung Galaxy Ace Style Samsung Galaxy Admire 4G Samsung Galaxy Alpha Samsung Galaxy Alpha Samsung Galaxy Amp Samsung Galaxy Appeal Samsung Galaxy Attain 4G Samsung Galaxy Attain 4G Samsung Galaxy Avant Samsung Galaxy Axiom Samsung Galaxy Centura Samsung Galaxy Core Samsung Galaxy Core Prime Samsung Galaxy Discover Samsung Galaxy E5 Samsung Galaxy Exhibit Samsung Galaxy Exhilarate Samsung Galaxy Express 3 Samsung Galaxy Express GoPhone Samsung Galaxy Express Prime Samsung Galaxy Gear Samsung Galaxy Go Prime Samsung Galaxy Grand Prime Samsung Galaxy i7500 Samsung Galaxy Indulge Samsung Galaxy Indulge Samsung Galaxy J1 Ace Samsung Galaxy J1 LTE Samsung Galaxy J1 Mini Samsung Galaxy J2 Samsung Galaxy J2 Prime Samsung Galaxy J3 (2016) Samsung Galaxy J3 Emerge Samsung Galaxy J3 V Samsung Galaxy J5 Samsung Galaxy J7 Samsung Galaxy K zoom Samsung Galaxy Legend Samsung Galaxy Light Samsung Galaxy Luna Samsung Galaxy Mega 2 Samsung Galaxy Mega 2 Samsung Galaxy Mega 5.8 Samsung Galaxy Mega 6.3 Samsung Galaxy Metrix 4G Samsung Galaxy Note Samsung Galaxy Note 10.1 Samsung Galaxy Note 3 Samsung Galaxy Note 4 Samsung Galaxy Note 5 Samsung Galaxy Note 8.0 Samsung Galaxy Note Edge Samsung Galaxy Note II Samsung Galaxy Note Pro Samsung Galaxy Note Pro Samsung Galaxy Note5 Samsung Galaxy Note7 Samsung Galaxy On5 Samsung Galaxy Precedent Samsung Galaxy Premier Samsung Galaxy Prevail Samsung Galaxy Prevail Samsung Galaxy Prevail 2 Samsung Galaxy Prevail 2 White Samsung Galaxy Proclaim Samsung Galaxy Proclaim Samsung Galaxy Reverb Samsung Galaxy Ring Samsung Galaxy Rugby Pro Samsung Galaxy Rush Samsung Galaxy S 4 zoom Samsung Galaxy S 4G Samsung Galaxy S Aviator Samsung Galaxy S Blaze Samsung Galaxy S II Samsung Galaxy S II Skyrocket HD Samsung Galaxy S III Samsung Galaxy S III Mini Samsung Galaxy S Lightray 4G Samsung Galaxy S Lightray 4G Samsung Galaxy S Relay 4G Samsung Galaxy S WiFi 4.2 White Samsung Galaxy S4 Samsung Galaxy S4 Active Samsung Galaxy S4 Mini Samsung Galaxy S5 Samsung Galaxy S5 Active Samsung Galaxy S5 mini Samsung Galaxy S5 Sport Samsung Galaxy S6 Samsung Galaxy S6 Active Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge Samsung Galaxy S6 edge+ Samsung Galaxy S6 edge+ Samsung Galaxy S7 Samsung Galaxy S7 Active Samsung Galaxy S7 edge Samsung Galaxy Sky Samsung Galaxy Stardust Samsung Galaxy Stellar Samsung Galaxy Stratosphere II Samsung Galaxy Tab Samsung Galaxy Tab 2 Samsung Galaxy Tab 3 Samsung Galaxy Tab 3 7.0 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 10.1 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 8.0 Samsung Galaxy Tab S Samsung Galaxy Tab S 10.5 Samsung Galaxy Tab S 10.5 Samsung Galaxy Tab S 8.4 Samsung Galaxy Tab S White Samsung Galaxy Tab S2 9.7 Samsung Galaxy Tab4 7.0 White Samsung Galaxy TabPRO Samsung Galaxy Victory 4G LTE Samsung Galaxy View Samsung Gear 2 Samsung Gear Live Samsung Gear S Samsung Gear S2 Samsung Gear S3 Classic Samsung Gear S3 Frontier Samsung Gem Samsung Gleam-U700 Samsung Glint Pink Samsung Gloss SCH-U440 Samsung Glyde Samsung Gravity 2 Samsung Gravity 3 Samsung Gravity Q Samsung Gravity SMART Samsung Gravity T Samsung Gravity TXT Samsung GT2 Samsung Gusto Samsung Gusto 2 Samsung Gusto 3 Samsung Gusto 3 Blue Samsung Haven Samsung Heat Samsung Highlight Samsung Highlight T749 Ice Samsung Highnote Samsung Hue II Samsung i400 Samsung i740 Samsung i8510 Samsung i900-Omnia Samsung Illusion Samsung Impact Samsung Impression Samsung Indulge Samsung Infinity Samsung Infuse 4G Samsung Instinct Samsung Instinct HD Samsung Instinct S30 Samsung Instinct s30 Touch of Copper Samsung Intensity Samsung Intensity II Samsung Intensity III Samsung Intercept Samsung Intrepid Samsung IP-830w Samsung IP-A790 Samsung Jack Samsung JetSet-R550 Samsung Jitterbug-SPH-A110 Samsung Katalyst T739 Samsung Katalyst-SGH-T739 Samsung Knack U310 Samsung LTE MiFi Samsung LTE Mobile HotSpot Pro Samsung Lucello Samsung M140 Samsung M220 Samsung M240 Samsung M300 Samsung M3200-Beat-S Samsung M330 Samsung M370 Samsung M400 Samsung M500 Samsung M510 Samsung M510 Pink Samsung M520 Samsung M575 Samsung M610 Samsung Magnet Samsung Mantra M340 Samsung Memoir Samsung Mesmerize Samsung Messager II R560 Samsung Messager III Samsung Messager R450 Samsung Messager Touch SCH-r630 Blue Samsung Mirage-i907 Samsung MM-A700 Samsung MM-A800 Samsung MM-A880 Samsung MM-A900 Samsung MM-A920 Samsung MM-A920 Samsung MM-A940 Samsung Moment Samsung Mondi WiMAX SWD-M100 Samsung Montage Samsung Muse Samsung MyShot Samsung MyShot II R460 Samsung Mysto Samsung Mythic Samsung Omnia Samsung Omnia HD i8910 Samsung Omnia II Samsung P300 Samsung Pivot Samsung Pixon-M8800 Samsung PM-A740 Samsung PM-A840 Samsung Precedent Samsung Profile Samsung Propel Samsung Propel Pro Samsung R225m Samsung R335C Samsung R375C Samsung R451C Samsung R455C Samsung Rant Samsung Reality Samsung Reclaim Samsung Renown Samsung Replenish Samsung Repp Samsung Restore Samsung Rogue Samsung Rugby Samsung Rugby 4 Samsung Rugby II Samsung Rugby III Samsung Rugby Smart Samsung S125 Black Samsung S150G Black Samsung S275G Samsung S336C Samsung S380C Samsung S390G Samsung S425G Samsung Saga Samsung SCH r451c Samsung SCH-A220 Samsung SCH-A310 Samsung SCH-A530 Samsung SCH-A570 Samsung SCH-A610 Samsung SCH-A630 Samsung SCH-a645 Samsung SCH-A650 Samsung SCH-A670 Samsung SCH-A690 Samsung SCH-A770 Samsung SCH-A790 Samsung SCH-A850 Samsung SCH-A870 Samsung SCH-A890 Samsung SCH-A930 Samsung SCH-A950 Samsung SCH-A970 Samsung SCH-A990 Samsung SCH-I600 / SP-I600 Samsung SCH-i730 Samsung SCH-i760 Samsung SCH-i830 Samsung SCH-N150 Samsung SCH-N330 Samsung SCH-N370 Samsung SCH-R200 Samsung SCH-R300 Samsung SCH-R400 Samsung SCH-R410 Samsung SCH-r470 Red Samsung SCH-r500 Hue Samsung SCH-R610 Samsung SCH-T300 Samsung SCH-U340 Samsung SCH-U340-Snap Samsung SCH-U410 Samsung SCH-U420 Samsung SCH-u430 Black Samsung SCH-U470-Juke Navy Samsung SCH-U520 Samsung SCH-U540 Samsung SCH-U550 Samsung SCH-U620 Samsung SCH-U740 Samsung SCH-U740 Alias Samsung Seek Samsung SGH A237-Blue Samsung SGH A777 Blue Samsung SGH T429 Samsung SGH-A107 Samsung SGH-a127 Samsung SGH-A137 Samsung SGH-A167 Samsung SGH-A187 Blue Samsung SGH-A197 Black Samsung SGH-A226 Samsung SGH-A227 Samsung SGH-A437 Red Samsung SGH-A517 Samsung SGH-A637 Samsung SGH-a657 Samsung SGH-A717 Samsung SGH-A727 Samsung SGH-A736 Samsung SGH-A737 Blue Samsung SGH-C207 Samsung SGH-C225 Samsung SGH-C416 Black Samsung SGH-C417 Grey Samsung SGH-D100 Samsung SGH-D307 Samsung SGH-D357 Samsung SGH-D407 Samsung SGH-D415 / SGH-D410 Samsung SGH-D500 Samsung SGH-D520 Samsung SGH-D600 Samsung SGH-D700 Samsung SGH-D720 Samsung SGH-d800 Samsung SGH-D806 Black Samsung SGH-D807 Grey Samsung SGH-D820 Samsung SGH-D840 Samsung SGH-D900 Samsung SGH-E105 Samsung SGH-E315 Samsung SGH-E316 / SGH-E317 Samsung SGH-E335 Samsung SGH-E360 Samsung SGH-E400 Samsung SGH-E600 Samsung SGH-E610 Samsung SGH-E630 Samsung SGH-E635 Samsung SGH-E640 Samsung SGH-E715 Samsung SGH-E720 Samsung SGH-E730 Samsung SGH-E760 Samsung SGH-E770 Samsung SGH-E840 Samsung SGH-E870 Samsung SGH-E880 Samsung SGH-E900 Samsung SGH-i250 Samsung SGH-i300 Samsung SGH-i320 Samsung SGH-I505 / SGH-I500 Samsung SGH-I700 Samsung SGH-N105 Samsung SGH-N625 Samsung SGH-P100 Samsung SGH-P107 Samsung SGH-P207 Samsung SGH-P400 / SGH-P408 Samsung SGH-P500 Samsung SGH-P705 Samsung SGH-P716 / SGH-P710 Samsung SGH-P735 / SGH-P730 Samsung SGH-P777 Samsung SGH-P850 Samsung SGH-Q105 Samsung SGH-R225 / SGH-R225M Samsung SGH-S105 / SGH-S100 Samsung SGH-S200 Samsung SGH-S300 / SGH-S300M Samsung SGH-S307 Samsung SGH-T101G Samsung SGH-T139 Samsung SGH-T199 Samsung SGH-T201G Samsung SGH-T209 Red Samsung SGH-T219 Chocolate Samsung SGH-T229 Samsung SGH-T239 Maroon Samsung SGH-T249 Blue Samsung SGH-T259 Samsung SGH-T301G Samsung SGH-t309 Samsung SGH-t319 Samsung SGH-t349 Samsung SGH-T369 Samsung SGH-T409 Samsung SGH-T439 Samsung SGH-T509 Silver Samsung SGH-T509s Plum Samsung SGH-T519 Trace Samsung SGH-T609 Samsung SGH-T619 Samsung SGH-T629 Samsung SGH-T639 Samsung SGH-t659 Samsung SGH-T709 Samsung SGH-T719 Samsung SGH-T809 Samsung SGH-t819 Samsung SGH-V100 Samsung SGH-V205 / V200 / V206 Samsung SGH-X105 Samsung SGH-X400 Samsung SGH-X426 / SGH-X427 Samsung SGH-X450 Samsung SGH-X475 Samsung SGH-X480 Samsung SGH-X495 Samsung SGH-X496 Samsung SGH-X497 Samsung SGH-X506 Samsung SGH-X507 Samsung SGH-X640 Grey Samsung SGH-X660 Samsung SGH-X820 Samsung SGH-X830 Black Samsung SGH-ZX10 Samsung SGH-ZX20 Samsung Showcase Samsung Sidekick 4G Samsung Slash Samsung SLM-SGH-A747 Blue Samsung Smiley Samsung Smooth Samsung Socializer B3310 Pink Samsung Solstice Samsung Solstice II Samsung SP-i600 Samsung SPH-A250 Samsung SPH-A400 Samsung SPH-A420 Samsung SPH-A460 Samsung SPH-A500 Samsung SPH-A520 Samsung SPH-A540 Samsung SPH-A560 Samsung SPH-A580 Samsung SPH-A600 Samsung SPH-A620 / VGA1000 Samsung SPH-A640 Samsung SPH-A660 / VI660 Samsung SPH-A680 / VM-A680 Samsung SPH-A740 Samsung SPH-A760 Samsung SPH-A820 Samsung SPH-A860 Samsung SPH-A960 Samsung SPH-I300 Samsung SPH-i325-Ace Samsung SPH-I330 Samsung SPH-I500 Samsung SPH-I550 Samsung SPH-I700 Samsung SPH-M300 Silver Samsung SPH-M500 Red Samsung SPH-M610 Samsung SPH-N200 Samsung SPH-N240 Samsung SPH-N270 Matrix Samsung SPH-N290 Samsung SPH-N400 Samsung SPH-P9000 Samsung SPH-S100 Samsung SPH-Z400 Samsung SPH/SCH-N300 Samsung Stratosphere Samsung Stratosphere II Black Samsung Stride R335 Samsung Strike T459 Lime Samsung Stripe T329 Samsung Stripe-SGH-T329 Black Samsung Strive Samsung Stunt Samsung Suede Samsung Sunburst Samsung Sway Samsung SYNC-SGH-A707 Samsung T105G Black Samsung T109 Samsung T119 Samsung T139 Samsung T159 Samsung T201G Samsung T209 Samsung T219 Samsung T245G Gray Samsung T309 Samsung T319 Samsung T339 Samsung T369 Samsung T401G Samsung T404G Samsung T439 Samsung T509 Samsung T519 Trace Samsung T528G Samsung T609 Samsung T619 Samsung T629 Samsung T719 Samsung T809 Samsung Tocco T919 Samsung Trance Samsung Transfix SCH-R730 Samsung Transform Samsung Transform Ultra Samsung Trender Samsung Trill SCH-r520 Samsung Trinity Samsung U370 Black Samsung U430 Samsung Ultra Touch S8300 Samsung Upstage M620 Samsung UpStage-M620 Samsung VI660 Samsung Vibrant Samsung Vitality Samsung Wafer-R510 Samsung Wave S8500 Samsung X495 Samsung Z500 Samsung Z510 Samsung Z540 Samsung Z700 Samsung Zeal Sanyo 7050 Sanyo 8400 Sanyo Incognito Sanyo Innuendo Sanyo Innuendo by Kyocera Sanyo Juno SCP2700 Deep Blue Sanyo Katana Sanyo Katana Blue Sanyo Katana DLX Sanyo Katana Eclipse Sanyo Katana Eclipse X Sanyo Katana II Sanyo Katana LX Sanyo Katana-DLX Champagne Sanyo Katana-II Cosmic Black Sanyo M1 Sanyo M1 Sanyo Mirro SCP3810 Sanyo MM-5600 Sanyo MM-7500 Sanyo MM-8300 Sanyo MM-8300 Red Sanyo MM-9000 Sanyo MM7400 Sanyo MVP Sanyo PM8200 / SCP-8200 Sanyo PRO-200 Sanyo RL-4930 Sanyo RL4920 Sanyo S1 Sanyo SCP-200 Pink Sanyo SCP-2400 Sanyo SCP-2400 Misty Rose Sanyo SCP-2700 Sanyo SCP-3100 Sanyo SCP-3100 Pure Silver Sanyo SCP-3200 Sanyo SCP-3200 Black Sanyo SCP-3810 Sanyo SCP-4700 Sanyo SCP-4900 Sanyo SCP-5150 Sanyo SCP-5300 Sanyo SCP-5400 / RL2500 Sanyo SCP-5500 / VM4500 Sanyo SCP-6000 Sanyo SCP-6200 Sanyo SCP-6400 Sanyo SCP-7000 Black Sanyo SCP-7050 Sanyo SCP-7200 / RL2000 Sanyo SCP-7300 / RL7300 Sanyo SCP-8100 Sanyo SCP-8400 Midnight Black Sanyo Taho by Kyocera Sanyo Vero by Kyocera Sanyo VI-2300 Pink Sanyo Zio Saygus V2 Sendo M551 Sendo S-251 Sendo X Sendo Z100 Sharp 903 Sharp Aquos Crystal Sharp Aquos Crystal White Sharp FX Sharp FX PLUS Sharp GX-10 / GX-10I Sharp GX-15 / GZ100 Sharp GX-20 / GX-22 Sharp GX-25 Sharp GX-30 / GX-32 Sharp Sidekick 3 Sharp Sidekick-LX Blue Sharp T-Mobile Sidekick - Tony Hawk Edition Sharp TM-100 Sharp TM-150 Sharp TM-200 Sharp Z-800-Audiovox-7900 Siemens A56 / A56I Siemens A60 Siemens A65 Siemens C56 Siemens C60 Siemens C61 Siemens C62 Siemens CF62T Siemens CF63 / CF62/CF62t Siemens CT56 Siemens CT66 / C66 / C65 Siemens CX66 / CX65 Siemens M46 Siemens M55 Siemens M56 Siemens M65 Siemens MC60 Siemens S40 Siemens S46 Siemens S55 Siemens S56 Siemens S66 Siemens SK65 Siemens SL55 Siemens SL56 Siemens SL65 Siemens SX1 Siemens SX56 Siemens SX66 Siemens U10 Siemens U15 Sierra 598 USB Modem Sierra USB Lightning 305 Sierra Wireless 250U Aircard Silver Sierra Wireless 4G LTE Tri-Fi Hotspot Sierra Wireless AC595 PC Wireless Card Sierra Wireless AC595 PC/Mac Wireless Card Sierra Wireless AC595 PCMCIA Wireless Card Sierra Wireless AC595U Sierra Wireless AC595U USB PC/Mac Card Sierra Wireless AC597 ExpressCard PC/Mac Card Sierra Wireless AC597E-PC-Card Sierra Wireless Air-Card-875 Sierra Wireless AirCard 402 Sierra Wireless Aircard-860 Sierra Wireless Aircard-875u Sierra Wireless AirCard-881 Sierra Wireless Mercury USB Modem Sierra Wireless Overdrive Pro Sierra Wireless Overdrive Pro Mobile Hotspot Sierra Wireless U597 Aircard Sierra Wireless Unite Sierra Wireless USBConnect Shockwave Sierra Wireless USBConnect-881 Sierra Wireless VOQ-A11 SKY 4.0 Sky 5.0L Sonim XP STRIKE Sonim XP5 Sonim XP6 Sony C1904 Xperia M Sony Ericsson C510 Silver Sony Ericsson C702a Sony Ericsson C901 Noble Black Sony Ericsson C902 Red Sony Ericsson C903 Red Sony Ericsson C905 Sony Ericsson D750 Sony Ericsson Equinox Sony Ericsson G700 Business Edition Sony Ericsson GC79 Sony Ericsson GC79 Cellular and WiFi PC Card Sony Ericsson GC82 Sony Ericsson GC83 Sony Ericsson GC89 Sony Ericsson GC89 PCMCIA PC Cell WiFi Card Sony Ericsson GC99 Sony Ericsson Idou Sony Ericsson J220 Sony Ericsson J300a Sony Ericsson K500 Sony Ericsson K510a Sony Ericsson K550 Sony Ericsson K550 Sony Ericsson K600i Sony Ericsson K660i Red Sony Ericsson K700I Sony Ericsson K750i Sony Ericsson K770 Truffle Brown Sony Ericsson K790 Sony Ericsson K790a Sony Ericsson K800-Euro Sony Ericsson K850i Sony Ericsson M600i Sony Ericsson Mix Walkman Sony Ericsson P800 Sony Ericsson P900 Sony Ericsson P910 Sony Ericsson P990i Sony Ericsson R300 Antique Copper Sony Ericsson R306a Sony Ericsson S312 Dawn Blue Sony Ericsson S500 Sony Ericsson S700I Sony Ericsson S710A Sony Ericsson T106 Sony Ericsson T200 Sony Ericsson T206 Sony Ericsson T226 Sony Ericsson T237 Sony Ericsson T280a Sony Ericsson T290 Sony Ericsson T300 Sony Ericsson T306 Sony Ericsson T310 Sony Ericsson T316 Sony Ericsson T600 Sony Ericsson T606 Sony Ericsson T608 Sony Ericsson T610 Sony Ericsson T610 Sony Ericsson T616 Sony Ericsson T61C Sony Ericsson T61D / T61LX Sony Ericsson T61Z Sony Ericsson T62U Sony Ericsson T630 Sony Ericsson T637 Sony Ericsson T68I Sony Ericsson T700 Sony Ericsson T707 Mysterious Black Sony Ericsson TM506 Sony Ericsson txt pro Sony Ericsson V800 Sony Ericsson W200 Sony Ericsson W300i Sony Ericsson W302 White Sony Ericsson W380a electric purple Sony Ericsson W395 Blush Titanium Sony Ericsson W508 Sony Ericsson W580i White Sony Ericsson W595 Sony Ericsson W600i Sony Ericsson W610 Sony Ericsson W705 Sony Ericsson W710i Sony Ericsson W715 Sony Ericsson W760 Black Sony Ericsson W800i Sony Ericsson W810 Sony Ericsson W850 Sony Ericsson w850i Sony Ericsson W890i Black Sony Ericsson W900i White Sony Ericsson W902 Sony Ericsson W910 Black Sony Ericsson W950 Sony Ericsson W980 Sony Ericsson W995 Progressive Black Sony Ericsson Xperia Arc Misty Silver Sony Ericsson Xperia PLAY Sony Ericsson Xperia X10 Mini Sony Ericsson Xperia X10 Mini Pro Sony Ericsson Xperia X2 Sony Ericsson XPERIA-X1 Sony Ericsson Z200 Sony Ericsson Z300a Sony Ericsson Z310a Jet Black Sony Ericsson Z500 / Z500a Sony Ericsson Z520a Sony Ericsson Z525a Sony Ericsson Z550a Sterling Sony Ericsson Z555a Black Sony Ericsson Z600 Sony Ericsson Z610 Airy Blue Sony Ericsson Z780 Sony Ericsson Z780 Grand Onyx Sony SmartWatch 3 Sony Xperia acro S Black Sony Xperia E3 Sony Xperia E4 Sony Xperia L Red Sony Xperia M Yellow Sony Xperia M4 Aqua Sony Xperia P Sony Xperia PLAY 4G Sony Xperia S Sony Xperia SP Sony Xperia SP White Sony Xperia T3 LTE Sony Xperia Tablet Z Sony Xperia tipo dual Classic Black Sony Xperia tipo Serene Black Sony Xperia TL Sony Xperia U Sony Xperia X Sony Xperia X Performance Sony Xperia X10 Sony Xperia XA Sony Xperia XA Ultra Sony Xperia XT Sony Xperia XZ Sony Xperia Z Sony Xperia Z Ultra Sony Xperia Z1 Sony Xperia Z1 Compact Sony Xperia Z1S Sony Xperia Z2 Sony Xperia Z2 Sony Xperia Z2 tablet Sony Xperia Z3 Sony Xperia Z3 Compact Sony Xperia Z3+ Sony Xperia Z3v Sony Xperia Z3v White Sony Xperia Z4 Sony Xperia Z4 Tablet Sony Xperia Z4v Sony Xperia Z5 Sony Xperia Z5 Compact Sony Xperia Z5 Premium Sony Z Ultra Google Play edition SpareOne Emergency Phone Spectrum 2 by LG Spectrum by LG Sprint 3G/4G Plug-in Connect USB Sprint Flash Sprint Force Sprint LivePro Sprint Phone Connect 2 Sprint Plug-in-Connect Trimode Sprint Pocket WiFi Sprint PPC 6700 Sprint Vital Sprint WeGo T-Mobile 4G LTE HotSpot Z915 T-Mobile 4G Mobile Hotspot T-Mobile 665 T-Mobile 665 Navy Blue T-Mobile 768 T-Mobile Comet T-Mobile Concord T-Mobile Concord T-Mobile Concord II T-Mobile Dash T-Mobile G-Slate with Google T-Mobile G2 T-Mobile G2x T-Mobile Jet 2.0 4G Stick T-Mobile MDA T-Mobile myTouch T-Mobile myTouch 4G T-Mobile myTouch 4G Slide T-Mobile myTouch Q T-Mobile Prism T-Mobile Prism II T-Mobile Rocket 3.0 4G Laptop T-Mobile SDA T-Mobile Sidekick 3 T-Mobile Sidekick iD T-Mobile Sidekick II T-Mobile Sonic 2.0 Mobile Hotspot T-Mobile Sonic 4G T-Mobile Sparq T-Mobile Sparq T-Mobile Wing Telson TDC-8100 Toshiba CDM-9950 / VM4050 Toshiba Excite 10 LE Toshiba Excite Pro Toshiba Excite Pure Toshiba Excite Write Toshiba TG01 Toshiba Thrive 16GB Toshiba VM-4050 Turing Phone UNIMAX MAXBravo UNIMAX MAXPatriot Unimax MXE-675 Unimax U671C Black UT Starcom PC-5740 UTStarcom 5740-PC-Card UTStarcom Arc-CDM-8074 UTStarcom Blitz UTStarcom Casio-G'zOne-Type-S UTStarcom CDM-220 UTStarcom CDM-7025 UTStarcom CDM-7026 UTStarcom CDM-7075 UTStarcom CDM-7126 UTStarcom CDM-8945 UTStarcom Coupe UTStarcom G'zOne UTStarcom Knick UTStarcom PC5750 PCMCIA PC Broadband Card UTStarcom PC5750-PC-Card UTStarcom PCS-1450 / CDM-1450 UTStarcom Quickfire Gray UTStarcom Shuttle UTStarcom Slice-PCS-1400 UTStarcom UM150-USB-Modem UTStarcom UM175 USB Velocity Micro Cruz 10 inch 4GB Black Velocity Micro Cruz 7 inch 4GB Black Velocity Micro Cruz T510 10 inch Verizon 4G LTE Broadband Router with Voice Verizon 4G LTE MiFi 4510L Verizon 4G LTE USB Modem 551L Verizon 4G LTE USB Modem UML295 Verizon Adamant Verizon Ellipsis 8 Verizon Ellipsis Jetpack MHS800L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot - MiFi MHS291L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot MHS291L Verizon Jetpack MiFi 4620LE 4G LTE Verizon Jetpack MiFi 5510L 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot Verizon Jetpack MiFi 6620L Verizon Wireless 4G LTE USB Modem 551L Verizon Wireless Ellipsis Black 7 Inch Verizon Wireless Fivespot Global Ready 3G Mobile Hotspot Verizon Wireless Home Phone Connect Verizon Wireless Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot MiFi 5510L Verizon Wireless Turbine 7.0 Verizon Wireless USB551L Virgin Mobile Awe Visual Land Prestige 7Q Black Vizio VIA Phone Vizio VIA Tablet VK Mobile Kickflip vtech A700 Wikipad 7 inch tablet Windows Phone 8S Windows Phone 8X Xiaomi Mi 3 Xiaomi Mi 4i Xiaomi Redmi 2 Xperia ion by Sony YotaPhone 2 Zenum International Mobile Hotspot ZTE 4G LTE Router with Voice ZTE Agent ZTE Allstar ZTE Anthem 4G ZTE Anthem 4G ZTE Aspect ZTE AT&T Home Phone Connect ZTE Atrium ZTE Avail ZTE Avail 2 ZTE Avid 4G ZTE Avid 4G ZTE Avid Plus ZTE Avid Trio ZTE AWE ZTE Axon 7 ZTE Axon Pro ZTE Boost Max+ ZTE C78 ZTE C79 ZTE Chorus ZTE Citrine ZTE Compel ZTE Compel Black ZTE Concord ZTE Concord II ZTE Cymbal Z-320 ZTE Cymbal-T ZTE Director ZTE Engage ZTE Engage LT ZTE Flash ZTE Force ZTE Fury ZTE Grand S ZTE Grand S II ZTE Grand S Pro ZTE Grand S3 ZTE Grand X 3 ZTE Grand X Max+ ZTE Groove Black ZTE Illustra ZTE Imperial ZTE Jetpack ZTE Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot EuFi890 ZTE Lever ZTE LivePro ZTE Majesty ZTE Maven ZTE Maven 2 ZTE Max Duo ZTE Memo ZTE Merit ZTE Midnight ZTE MSGM8 II ZTE Mustang ZTE Mustang ZTE Nubia 5S Mini ZTE Nubia Z11 ZTE Nubia Z5 ZTE Obsidian ZTE Optik ZTE Optik ZTE Overture ZTE Overture 2 ZTE Paragon ZTE Prelude ZTE Prestige ZTE Quartz ZTE Rapido LTE ZTE Reef ZTE Salute ZTE Savvy ZTE Scend ZTE Score ZTE Score M ZTE Solar ZTE Sonata 4G White ZTE Source Black ZTE Speed ZTE Stratos ZTE Supreme ZTE Supreme ZTE Tempo ZTE Unico LTE ZTE Unite ZTE Valet ZTE Velocity ZTE Vital ZTE Warp ZTE Warp 7 ZTE Warp Elite ZTE Warp Sequent ZTE Warp Sync ZTE Warp Sync ZTE Whirl ZTE Whirl 2 ZTE Whirl 2 Black ZTE Z221 Black ZTE Z222 ZTE Z331 Black ZTE Z431 Black ZTE Z432 ZTE Z432 Black ZTE Z667 ZTE Z768 Midnight Blue ZTE Z990 ZTE Z992 Black ZTE Zephyr ZTE Zinger ZTE ZMAX ZTE ZMAX 2 ZTE ZMax Pro ALLTEL U Prepaid Pay-per-day cell phone plan details ALLTEL U Prepaid Pay-per-minute cell phone plan details ALLTEL U Prepaid pay-per-month 200 cell phone plan details ALLTEL U Prepaid pay-per-month 400 cell phone plan details ALLTEL U Prepaid Pay-per-month 700 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Family Choice Plan cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 1000 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 1200 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 1600 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 2200 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 4500 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 6500 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 700 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless My Circle Family Choice Plus 1000 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless My Circle Family Choice Plus 2000 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless MyCircle Family Choice Premier 2200 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless MyCircle Smart Choice 500 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 1400 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 2100 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 4000 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 500 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 6000 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 750 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 900 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom Unlimited cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Smart Choice Pack 1200 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Smart Choice Pack 2000 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Smart Choice Pack 500 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Smart Choice Pack 5500 cell phone plan details amp'd $100 National 3000 cell phone plan details amp'd $150 National Unlimited cell phone plan details amp'd $30 National 500 cell phone plan details amp'd $70 National 1500 cell phone plan details amp'd End The Boredom cell phone plan details amp'd Unlimited Forever Overdose cell phone plan details amp'd Unlimited Forever Overload cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 200 MB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 250MB 2YR cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 250MB for 4G LTE Tablets cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 3GB 2YR cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 3GB for 4G LTE Tablets cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 3GB for Tablets cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 5GB 2YR cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 5GB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 5GB for 4G cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 5GB for 4G LTE cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 5GB for 4G LTE Tablets cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for 3GB for Tablets cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for iPad 250MB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for iPad 3GB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for iPad 5GB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for Tablets 250MB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for Tablets 3GB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for Tablets 5GB cell phone plan details AT&T DataPlus 300MB for BlackBerry cell phone plan details AT&T DataPlus 300MB for BlackBerry for 4G cell phone plan details AT&T DataPlus 300MB for iPhone 4S cell phone plan details AT&T DataPlus 300MB for iPhone cell phone plan details AT&T DataPlus 300MB for Smartphones 4G cell phone plan details AT&T DataPlus 300MB for Smartphones cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 3GB for BlackBerry cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 3GB for BlackBerry for 4G cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 3GB for iPhone 4S cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 3GB for iPhone cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 3GB for Smartphones 4G cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 3GB for Smartphones cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 5GB for BlackBerry for 4G Tethering cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 5GB for BlackBerry Tethering cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 5GB for iPhone 4S Personal Hotspot cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 5GB for iPhone Personal Hotspot cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 5GB for Smartphones 4G Tethering cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 5GB for Smartphones Tethering cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone $2 Daily Unlimited cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone $25 Monthly cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone $30 Monthly Plan for Smartphones AT&T GoPhone $35 Monthly cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone $40 Monthly Plan for Smartphones AT&T GoPhone $45 Monthly cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone $45 Smartphone Monthly Plan with Data AT&T GoPhone $60 Smartphone Monthly Plan with Data AT&T GoPhone 10¢ per Minute cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone 250MB of data for tablets cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone 3GB of data for tablets cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone 5GB of data for tablets cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone 6GB AT&T GoPhone Smartphone $2 day Unlimited Talk and Text cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone Smartphone 10¢ per minute cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone Unlimited AT&T Mobile Share 10GB AT&T Mobile Share 15GB AT&T Mobile Share 2GB AT&T Mobile Share 300MB AT&T Mobile Share 50GB AT&T Mobile Share 6GB AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (10GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (15GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (1GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (20GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (2GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (300MB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (30GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (40GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (4GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (50GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (6GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 100GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 10GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 16GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 1GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 25GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 30GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 3GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 40GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 50GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 60GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 6GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 80GB AT&T Mobile Share Data 20GB cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Data 40GB cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Data 4GB cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value 10GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 15GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 1GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 20GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 25GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 2GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 300MB AT&T Mobile Share Value 30GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 3GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 40GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 50GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 5GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 60GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 6GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 7GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 8GB AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Basic or Messaging 10GB-50GB plans cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Basic or Messaging 300MB-6GB plans cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Broadband cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Smartphone No annual service contract 10GB-50GB plans cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Smartphone No annual service contract 300MB-6GB plans cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Smartphone Two-year agreement 10GB-50GB plans cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Smartphone Two-year agreement 300MB-6GB plans cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Tablet cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Wireless Home Phone cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share with Unlimited Talk & Text 1GB cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share with Unlimited Talk & Text 8GB cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 1350 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 2000 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 4000 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 450 w/ Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 450 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 6000 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 900 w/ Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 900 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family 1400 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family 2100 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family 3000 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family 4000 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family 6000 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family 700 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family Talk Additional Line $49.99 cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family Talk Additional Line $9.99 cell phone plan details AT&T Nation FamilyTalk 1400 w/ Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation FamilyTalk 2100 w/ Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation FamilyTalk 550 w/ Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation FamilyTalk 700 w/ Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation FamilyTalk Unlimited cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Unlimited cell phone plan details AT&T Nation with Canada FamilyTalk 1400 - NWCFT1400 - Additional Line cell phone plan details AT&T Nation with Canada FamilyTalk 2100 - NWCFT2100 - Additional Line cell phone plan details AT&T Nation with Canada FamilyTalk 3000 - NWCFT3000 - Additional Line cell phone plan details AT&T Nation with Canada FamilyTalk 4000 - NWCFT4000 - Additional Line cell phone plan details AT&T Nation with Canada FamilyTalk 6000 - NWCFT6000 - Additional Line cell phone plan details AT&T Nation with Canada FamilyTalk 700 - NWCFT700 - Additional Line cell phone plan details AT&T Senior Nation 200 cell phone plan details AT&T Unlimited AT&T Unlimited Choice AT&T Unlimited Data with DIRECTV AT&T Unlimited Home Phone Calling cell phone plan details AT&T Unlimited Plus AT&T Viva Mexico 1350 and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico 1400 FamilyTalk cell phone plan details | PhoneDog AT&T Viva Mexico 2000 and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico 2100 FamilyTalk cell phone plan details | PhoneDog AT&T Viva Mexico 3000 FamilyTalk cell phone plan details | PhoneDog AT&T Viva Mexico 4000 and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico 4000 FamilyTalk cell phone plan details | PhoneDog AT&T Viva Mexico 450 and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico 6000 and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico 6000 FamilyTalk cell phone plan details | PhoneDog AT&T Viva Mexico 700 FamilyTalk cell phone plan details | PhoneDog AT&T Viva Mexico 900 and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico Additional Line cell phone plan details | PhoneDog BOOM! Mobile Unlimited Talk & Text 250MB BOOM! Mobile Unlimited Talk & Text 2GB BOOM! Mobile Unlimited Talk & Text 5GB Boost Mobile $35 Data Boost Plan cell phone plan details Boost Mobile $45 Data Boost Plan cell phone plan details Boost Mobile $50 Monthly Unlimited cell phone plan details Boost Mobile $55 Data Boost Plan cell phone plan details Boost Mobile $55 Monthly Unlimited cell phone plan details Boost Mobile BlackBerry Daily Unlimited $3 cell phone plan details Boost Mobile BlackBerry Monthly Unlimited cell phone plan details Boost Mobile Daily Unlimited $2 cell phone plan details Boost Mobile Daily Unlimited $3 cell phone plan details Boost Mobile Data Boost Boost Mobile Family Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited Plan with Shrinking Payments Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited Select Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited with Growing Data Boost Mobile Pay As You Go Phone 20¢ per minute cell phone plan details Boost Mobile Unlimited Starter Boost Mobile Unlimited Unhook'd Cellular One Local 3000 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 1000 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 1500 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 1600 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 2200 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 4000 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 500 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 6000 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 9000 cell phone plan details Cellular One National Workday cell phone plan details Cellular One Regional 2600 cell phone plan details Cellular One Statewide 400 cell phone plan details Cellular One Stop Counting Minutes - National Anytime cell phone plan details Cellular One Stop Counting Minutes - Statewide cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Nation 1400 cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Nation 1800 cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Nation 400 cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Nation 800 cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Region 1000 cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Region 1500 cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Region 600 cell phone plan details CREDO Mobile 10GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 15GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 1GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 2GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 3GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 4GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 6GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 8GB Shared Data Plan Cricket $25 Talk & Text cell phone plan details Cricket $40 Basic Plan or $35 after Auto Pay credit cell phone plan details Cricket $50 Smart plan or $45 after Auto Pay credit cell phone plan details Cricket $60 Pro plan or $55 after Auto Pay credit cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Alpha $30 monthly cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Battalion $160 4 member family plan cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Bravo $35 monthly cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Brigade $240 6 member family plan cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Charlie $45 monthly cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Delta $60 monthly cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Platoon $145 3 member family plan cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Regiment $195 5 member family plan cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Squad $110 2 member family plan cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Xray $80 monthly cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Yankee $100 monthly cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Zulu $110 monthly cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalCarryover 1000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalCarryover 1200 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalCarryover 1500 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalCarryover 800 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 10000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 1100 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 1500 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 2000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 3000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 3500 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 6000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 800 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalCarryover 1000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalCarryover 1250 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalCarryover 600 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalCarryover 800 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalEdge 1300 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalEdge 2000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalEdge 3000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalEdge 450 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalEdge 750 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalEdge 900 cell phone plan details Einstein Basic cell phone plan details Einstein Extreme cell phone plan details Einstein Plus cell phone plan details Einstein Value cell phone plan details Einstein Wisconsin 1000 cell phone plan details Einstein Wisconsin 500 cell phone plan details FreedomPop Unlimited Talk & Text 1GB FreedomPop Unlimited Talk & Text 500MB GIV Mobile The 20 Plan GIV Mobile The 25 Plan GIV Mobile The 30 Plan GIV Mobile The 40 Plan GIV Mobile The 60 Plan Liberty Wireless 10 Cents A Minute Flat Rate cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless Anytime 2000 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless Anytime 800 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless My TopTwo Anytime 800 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless My TopTwo Unlimited N&W 350 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless Nights & Weekends 200 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless Nights & Weekends 350 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless Nights & Weekends 650 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless True Liberty cell phone plan details MetroPCS $40 Unlimited Data, Talk and Text cell phone plan details MetroPCS $45 Unlimited cell phone plan details MetroPCS $50 Unlimited Data, Talk and Text cell phone plan details MetroPCS $60 Unlimited Talk, Text and Data MetroPCS Additional Lines 3-5 for the $40 plan cell phone plan details MetroPCS Additional Lines 3-5 for the $50 plan cell phone plan details MetroPCS Additional Lines 3-5 for the $60 plan cell phone plan details Net10 $35 Unlimited Talk and Text cell phone plan details Net10 $40 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data cell phone plan details Net10 $60 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data cell phone plan details Net10 $65 Unlimited International Talk, Text, Data cell phone plan details Net10 $75 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data cell phone plan details Net10 1000 Minutes 30 Day Monthly Plan cell phone plan details Net10 200 Minutes 30 Day Monthly Plan cell phone plan details Net10 500 Minutes 30 Day Monthly Plan cell phone plan details Net10 Family Plan Four People cell phone plan details Net10 Family Plan Three People cell phone plan details Net10 Family Plan Two People cell phone plan details Net10 Unlimited International Talk, Text, Data 30 Day Monthly Plan cell phone plan details Net10 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data Net10 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data Family (2+ Lines) Net10 Wireless Home Phone Unlimited Nationwide calling cell phone plan details Net10 Wireless Home Phone Unlimited Nationwide plus International calling cell phone plan details NTelos $39.99 Unlimited Regional cell phone plan details NTelos $49.99 Unlimited Regional cell phone plan details NTelos $59.99 Unlimited Regional cell phone plan details NTelos $69.99 Unlimited Regional cell phone plan details NTelos $99.99 Unlimited Regional cell phone plan details NTelos Nation - $29.99 cell phone plan details NTelos Nation - $39.99 cell phone plan details NTelos Nation - $49.99 cell phone plan details NTelos Nation - $59.99 cell phone plan details NTelos Nation - $79.99 cell phone plan details NTelos Nation - $99.99 cell phone plan details NTelos NTELOS HomeFree Region - $55.99 cell phone plan details NTelos NTELOS HomeFree Region - $75.99 cell phone plan details Opex Wireless Nationwide 100 cell phone plan details Opex Wireless On-The-Fly cell phone plan details Pix Wireless $10 CDMA Pay GO Pix Wireless $10 GSM Pay GO Pix Wireless $100 GSM Pay GO Pix Wireless $11 GSM Weekly Pix Wireless $12 CDMA Weekly Pix Wireless $12 GSM Weekly Pix Wireless $125 GSM Pay GO Pix Wireless $13 GSM Weekly Pix Wireless $15 CDMA Weekly Pix Wireless $15 GSM Blue Pix Wireless $15 GSM Weekly Pix Wireless $20 CDMA Monthly Pix Wireless $20 CDMA Pay GO Pix Wireless $20 GSM Blue Pix Wireless $20 GSM Pay GO Pix Wireless $25 CDMA Monthly Pix Wireless $25 GSM Blue Pix Wireless $30 CDMA Monthly Pix Wireless $30 CDMA Pay GO Pix Wireless $30 GSM Blue Pix Wireless $30 GSM Pay GO Pix Wireless $35 GSM Blue Pix Wireless $40 CDMA Monthly Pix Wireless $40 GSM Blue Pix Wireless $50 CDMA Pay GO Pix Wireless $50 GSM Blue Pix Wireless $50 GSM Pay GO Pix Wireless $55 CDMA Monthly Pix Wireless $65 CDMA Monthly Pix Wireless $65 GSM Blue Pix Wireless $75 CDMA Pay GO Pix Wireless $75 GSM Pay GO Pix Wireless $9 CDMA Weekly Pix Wireless $9 GSM Weekly Qwest Wireless Cross Country 1000 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 1500 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 200 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 2000 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 2500 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 3000 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 500 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 750 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 1000 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 1500 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 200 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 2000 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 2500 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 3000 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 500 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 750 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Unlimited cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract $55 Mexico Plan cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract $55 Smartphone Plan cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract $65 Global Plan cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract Feature Plan $25 cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract Feature Plan $35 cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract Muve Music Plan $50 cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract Muve Music Plan $60 cell phone plan details Republic Refund Plan with 0.5 GB Republic Refund Plan with 1 GB Republic Refund Plan with 2 GB Republic Refund Plan with 3 GB Republic Refund Plan with 4 GB Republic Refund Plan with 5 GB Republic Wireless $10 Plan Republic Wireless $25 Plan Republic Wireless $40 Plan Republic Wireless $5 Plan (WiFi Only) Republic Wireless Base Plan Republic Wireless Clear Choice Republic Wireless Unlimited Talk & Text 10GB Data Republic Wireless Unlimited Talk & Text 1GB Data Republic Wireless Unlimited Talk & Text 2GB Data Republic Wireless Unlimited Talk & Text 4GB Data Republic Wireless Unlimited Talk & Text 6GB Data ROK Mobile Ultimate Unlimited Scratch Wireless Free Plan Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $1.99 Voice Pass Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $14.99 Voice Pass Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $6.99 Voice Pass Solavei Prepaid Unlimited SpeedTalk Mobile PayGo $10 SpeedTalk Mobile PayGo $100 SpeedTalk Mobile PayGo $25 SpeedTalk Mobile PayGo $5 SpeedTalk Mobile PayGo $50 SpeedTalk Mobile Special $15 SpeedTalk Mobile Special $18 SpeedTalk Mobile Special $5 SpeedTalk Mobile Special $80 SpeedTalk Mobile Special $9 Sprint 100MB Tablet plan cell phone plan details Sprint 12GB Tablet plan cell phone plan details Sprint 1GB Tablet plan cell phone plan details Sprint 3G or 4G Mobile Broadband Connection 12GB cell phone plan details Sprint 3G or 4G Mobile Broadband Connection 6GB cell phone plan details Sprint 3G or 4G Mobile Hotspot Connection 3GB cell phone plan details Sprint 3GB Tablet plan cell phone plan details Sprint 6GB Tablet plan cell phone plan details Sprint All-In Wireless Smartphone + Unlimited Sprint Basic Plan cell phone plan details Sprint Better Choice L Sprint Better Choice M Sprint Better Choice S Sprint Better Choice XL Sprint Better Choice XS Sprint Better Choice XXL Sprint Family Share Pack 10GB Sprint Family Share Pack 12GB Sprint Family Share Pack 16GB Sprint Family Share Pack 1GB Sprint Family Share Pack 20GB Sprint Family Share Pack 2GB Sprint Family Share Pack 32GB Sprint Family Share Pack 40GB Sprint Family Share Pack 4GB Sprint Family Share Pack 60GB Sprint Family Share Pack 8GB Sprint Family Share Pack Additional Line $15 per non-discounted phone 20BB-60GB options cell phone plan details Sprint Family Share Pack Additional Line $25 per non-discounted phone 600MB-16GB options cell phone plan details Sprint Family Share Pack Additional Line $40 per discounted phone all data options cell phone plan details Sprint Family Share Pack Mobile Broadband $20 per non-discounted all data options cell phone plan details Sprint Family Share Pack Tablet $10 per non-discounted all data options cell phone plan details Sprint My All-in cell phone plan details Sprint Phone Connect cell phone plan details Sprint Premium Data add-on cell phone plan details Sprint PrePaid $35 unlimited talk & text with 1GB data cell phone plan details Sprint PrePaid $45 unlimited talk & text with 3GB data cell phone plan details Sprint PrePaid $55 unlimited talk & text with 6GB data cell phone plan details Sprint Prepaid $60 Unlimited Talk, Text & Data Sprint Prepaid Unlimited Data, Talk & Text Sprint Simply Unlimited Plan for iPhone 6 & iPhone 6 Plus Sprint Unlimited Freedom Sprint Unlimited Freedom Premium Sprint Unlimited My Way cell phone plan details Sprint Unlimited My Way Family cell phone plan details Sprint Unlimited Single Line Sprint Unlimited Talk, Text & High Speed Data Straight Talk All You Need Straight Talk Unlimited Straight Talk Unlimited Plus International SunCom now T-Mobile America 1200 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile America 1800 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile America 2300 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile America 300 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile America 800 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile America Unlimited cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile Regional 1250 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile Regional 2500 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile Regional 500 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile Regional UnPlan cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile SunCom NEW cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile UnPlan Tri-Cities 2000 cell phone plan details SureWest Local Value - 2yr. - $29.00 cell phone plan details SureWest Unlimited - 2yr. - $33.00 cell phone plan details SureWest Unlimited California - 1yr. - $45.00 cell phone plan details SureWest Unlimited California - 2yr. - $39.00 cell phone plan details SureWest Unlimited USA - 1yr. - $49.00 cell phone plan details SureWest Unlimited USA - 2yr. - $44.00 cell phone plan details T-Mobile Additional Line Simple Choice 2.5GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Additional Line Simple Choice 500MB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Additional Line Simple Choice Unlimited cell phone plan details T-Mobile Old Family plan cell phone plan details T-Mobile ONE T-Mobile ONE No Credit Check T-Mobile ONE Plus T-Mobile ONE Plus International T-Mobile ONE Plus International No Credit Check T-Mobile ONE Plus No Credit Check T-Mobile ONE Prepaid T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 10.5GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 12GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 2.5GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 4.5GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 500MB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 6.5GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 8.5GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Pay As You Go T-Mobile PrePaid 1000 Whenever minutes $100 cell phone plan details T-Mobile PrePaid 1500 Talk & Text (with 30MB of data) cell phone plan details T-Mobile PrePaid Unlimited Talk, Text and High Speed Internet (first 5GB at up to 4G speeds) cell phone plan details T-Mobile PrePaid Unlimited Talk, Text and Web (first 100 MB up to 4G speeds) cell phone plan details T-Mobile PrePaid Unlimited Text and 10¢/minute cell phone plan details T-Mobile PrePaid Unlimited Text and 10¢/minute cell phone plan details T-Mobile Simple Choice T-Mobile Simple Choice 1GB 4G LTE Data plan cell phone plan details T-Mobile Simple Choice 2.5GB Family cell phone plan details T-Mobile Simple Choice 500MB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Simple Choice 500MB Family cell phone plan details T-Mobile Simple Choice No Credit Check T-Mobile Simple Choice Prepaid T-Mobile Simple Choice Unlimited Family cell phone plan details T-Mobile Simple Starter Plan T-Mobile Simply Prepaid T-Mobile Unlimited Family T-Mobile Unlimited Family T-Mobile Unlimited Talk and Text T-Mobile Unlimited Web and Text Telcel America 30 Days Basic International $29 cell phone plan details Telcel America 30 Days Plus Plan Unlimited $60 cell phone plan details Telcel America 30 Days Unlimited International Service $40 cell phone plan details Telcel America 30 Days Unlimited International Service $50 cell phone plan details Telcel America 7 Days Unlimited Plus Plan $20 cell phone plan details Tello $10 Pay As You Go Tello $10 Talk & Text Tello $10 Talk Only Tello $10 Talk-Text-Data Tello $11 Data Only Tello $12 Talk-Text-Data Tello $13 Talk-Text-Data Tello $14 Talk-Text-Data Tello $16 Talk-Text-500MB Tello $16 Talk-Text-Data Tello $17 Talk-Text-Data Tello $18 Talk-Text-1GB Tello $18 Talk-Text-Data Tello $19 Talk-Text-Data Tello $20 Pay As You Go Tello $20 Talk-Text-Data Tello $21 Data Only Tello $21 Talk-Text-1GB Tello $21 Talk-Text-Data Tello $24 Talk-Text-Data Tello $27 Talk-Text-Data Tello $45 Data Only Tello $5 Pay As You Go Tello $5 Talk & Text Tello $5 Talk Only Tello $50 Pay As You Go Tello $6 Talk & Text Tello $7 Talk Only Tello $8 Talk & Text Tello $9 Talk-Text-Data Tello Unlimited Talk & Text Tello Unlimited Talk & Text 1GB Tello Unlimited Talk & Text 200MB Tello Unlimited Talk & Text 2GB Tello Unlimited Talk Only TextNow Wireless Grande Plan TextNow Wireless Quattro Plan TextNow Wireless Tall Plan TextNow Wireless Venti Plan The Verizon Plan - 100GB The Verizon Plan - 12GB The Verizon Plan - 20GB The Verizon Plan - 25GB The Verizon Plan - 30GB The Verizon Plan - 40GB The Verizon Plan - 50GB The Verizon Plan - 60GB The Verizon Plan - 80GB The Verizon Plan - L The Verizon Plan - M The Verizon Plan - S The Verizon Plan - XL The Verizon Plan - XXL Ting L Plan Ting M Plan Ting S Plan Ting XL Plan TPO Gentle TPO Goodness to Go Big TPO Goodness to Go Low TPO Goodness to Go Mega TPO Goodness to Go More TPO Goodness to Go Plus TPO Goodness to Go Pro TPO Infinity TPO Unlimited Goodness Caring TPO Unlimited Goodness Global TPO Unlimited Goodness Gracious TPO Unlimited Goodness Hero TPO Unlimited Goodness Kind TPO Unlimited Goodness Noble TPO Unlimited Goodness North America TPO Unlimited Goodness People's TPO Unlimited Monthly Goodness 30 TPO Unlimited Monthly Goodness 40 TPO Unlimited Monthly Goodness 50 TPO Unlimited Monthly Goodness 65 Tracfone $19.99 plan - 60 units cell phone plan details Tracfone $29.99 plan - 120 units cell phone plan details TracFone 120 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan Tracfone 125 Value Plan cell phone plan details TracFone 200 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan Tracfone 200 Value Plan cell phone plan details TracFone 450 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan Tracfone 50 Family Value Plan cell phone plan details Tracfone 50 Value Plan cell phone plan details Twigby 1000 Minutes and Unlimited Texts Twigby 200 Minutes and Unlimited Texts Twigby 500 Minutes and Unlimited Texts Twigby Unlimited Talk and Text U.S. Cellular 10GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 10GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 12GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 12GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 14GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 14GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 16GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 16GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 18GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 18GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 1GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 1GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 20GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 20GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 2GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 2GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 300MB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 300MB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 30GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 30GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 3GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 40GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 40GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 4GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 4GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 50GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 50GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 6GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 6GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 75GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 8GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 8GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Family Talk & Text Additional Line cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Family Talk 1000 & Unlimited Text Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Prepaid Simple Connect 2GB Data, Unlimited Talk & Text cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Prepaid Simple Connect 500MB Data, Unlimited Talk & Text cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Prepaid Simple Connect Unlimited Data for Basic Phones cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Prepaid Talk Only Pay-As-You-Go-Minutes cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Prepaid Unlimited Data, Talk & Text cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Basic Phone cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Home Phone cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Mobile Hotspot cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Smartphone cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Tablet cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Vehicle Monitoring cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Wireless Modem cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Talk 450 & Unlimited Text Plan cell phone plan details US Mobile 100 Mins Talk US Mobile 1500 Mins Talk US Mobile 250 Mins Talk US Mobile 5000 Mins Talk US Mobile 750 Mins Talk Verizon 100GB More Everything Verizon 10GB More Everything Verizon 14GB More Everything Verizon 15GB More Everything Verizon 16GB More Everything Verizon 20GB More Everything Verizon 2GB More Everything Verizon 30GB More Everything Verizon 40GB More Everything Verizon 4GB More Everything Verizon 500MB More Everything Verizon 50GB More Everything Verizon 5GB Verizon 60GB More Everything Verizon 80GB More Everything Verizon 8GB More Everything Verizon Prepaid Smartphone Plan Verizon Unlimited Verizon Wireless $60 Single Line Plan cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless 150 MB Email & Web for BlackBerry cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless 150 MB Email & Web for Smartphones cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless 25 MB Data & Web with Mobile Email cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Basic 700 Minutes cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Basic cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Broadband cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Camera cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line plus Canada Family cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Smartphone cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Tablets cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Talk and Text Family cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Talk and Text Unlimited Family cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Talk Family cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Talk Unlimited Family cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Data Only 10GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Data Only 8GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Home Phone Connect cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband 10 GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband 5 GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband for iPad 2 10GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband for iPad 2 2GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband for iPad 2 5GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband for Tablets 10GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband for Tablets 2GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband for Tablets 5GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless More Everything Basic 700 Minutes cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless More Everything Basic Unlimited cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless More Everything Tablet Plan cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless More Everything USB Modem or Jetpack Plan cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide 65 Plus cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide 65 Plus Two-Line SharePlan cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Messaging Unlimited cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada 1350 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada 2000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada 4000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada 450 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada 6000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada 900 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada Family SharePlan 1400 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada Family SharePlan 2000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada Family SharePlan 3000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada Family SharePlan 4000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada Family SharePlan 6000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada Family SharePlan 700 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Premium Family SharePlan 6000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk 900 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text 450 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text 900 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text Family SharePlan 1400 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text Family SharePlan 2000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text Family SharePlan 700 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text Family SharePlan Unlimited cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text Unlimited cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk Family SharePlan 1400 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk Family SharePlan 2000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk Family SharePlan 700 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk Family SharePlan Unlimited cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk Unlimited cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Unlimited Push-To-Talk cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $0.00 Daily cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $0.99 Daily cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $1.99 Daily cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $15 for 250 MB of data weekly cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $35 ALLSET Plan (Basic Phones) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $45 ALLSET Plan (Basic Phones) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $60 for 3 GB of data monthly cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $60 Monthly Unlimited Talk, Text, and 2GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $70 Monthly Unlimited Talk, Text, and 4GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $90 for 10 GB of data monthly cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid 3G Monthly 450 (Smartphones and BlackBerrys) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid 3G Monthly 900 (Smartphones and BlackBerrys) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid 3G Monthly Talk and Text 450 (Smartphones and BlackBerrys) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid 3G Monthly Talk and Text 900 (Smartphones and BlackBerrys) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid 3G Monthly Talk and Text Unlimited (Smartphones and BlackBerrys) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid 3G Monthly Unlimited (Smartphones and BlackBerrys) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid Verizon Prepaid cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid Verizon PrePaid cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Smartphone Single Line Plan Verizon Wireless Smartphone Unlimited Corporate Email & Web cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Unlimited Corporate Email & Web for BlackBerry cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Unlimited Corporate Email & Web for Smartphones cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Unlimited Data & Web with Mobile Email cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Unlimited Email & Web for BlackBerry cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Unlimited Email & Web for Smartphones cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Beyond Talk BlackBerry $50 cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Beyond Talk for BlackBerry $35 cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Beyond Talk for BlackBerry $70 cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Broadband2Go $25 cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Broadband2Go $55 cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Broadband2Go 100 MB for 10 days cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Data Love Virgin Mobile payLo 1500 Talk & Text Virgin Mobile payLo 400 Minutes Virgin Mobile payLo Basic Rate cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile payLo Unlimited Talk & Text Virgin Mobile Unlimited + International + Extra Virgin Mobile Unlimited + More Data Virgin Mobile Unlimited Data & Text Plus 300 minutes cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Unlimited Data, Talk, & Text cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Unlimited Everything + International Virgin Mobile Unlimited Everything plus International cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Unlimited plus International plus Extra cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Virgin mobile #5 cell phone plan details Number of Lines: - Any - 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 Minutes 500 Messages Data Select the amount of total data you need for the entire plan. For example, if you need 2 lines with 1 GB of data each, you would select 2 GB of data with the data slider below. - Any -05KB50MB30MB100MB125MB150MB200MB250MB300MB334MB375MB400MB500MB600MB625MB700MB800MB834MB900MB938MB2083MB1250MB1667MB1GB1.5GB2GB2.5GB3GB4GB5GB6GB7GB8GB10GB12GB14GB15GB16GB18GB20GB24GB25GB30GB32GB35GB40GB50GB60GB80GB100GB120GBUnlimited - Plans Featured (RED) iPhone: Should you buy or donate? Marco Hanna 1 day 15 hours ago LG G6 Unboxing! Marco Hanna 3 days 16 hours ago 4 shares 2 0 0 1 0 0 1 0 0 Apple AirPods Revisited Marco Hanna 1 week 2 days ago 5 shares 3 1 0 1 0 0 0 0 0 BLU Life One X2 Mini Review Beau Hamilton 1 week 4 days ago 11 shares 9 1 0 0 0 0 0 0 1 More Featured Articles Official Smartphone Rankings People's Choice Expert's Choice HTC 10 22 Votes Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote × Samsung Galaxy S7 edge 22 Votes Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote × LG V20 9 Votes Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote × Google Pixel 7 Votes Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote × Apple iPhone 7 3 Votes Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote × More People's Choice Latest Videos Samsung Galaxy S7 edge: One Year Later 9 shares 2 5 0 0 0 0 1 0 1 Android 7.0 Nougat on OnePlus 3T 10 shares 2 3 0 0 0 0 2 2 1 Best Tech of January 2017! 13 shares 10 1 0 0 0 0 0 1 1 More Videos This Week's "People's Choice Rankings" Best Smartphone   HTC 10 Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote ×   Samsung Galaxy S7 edge Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote ×   LG V20 Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote ×   Google Pixel Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote ×   Apple iPhone 7 Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote × Recent news from our top carriers: AT&T News Red iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus, Samsung Gear S3 Classic with 4G AT&T GoPhone unlimited data AT&T announces LG G6 launch AT&T GoPhone launching new AT&T giving DirecTV Now Android 7.0 updates now rolling Sprint News Red iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus, Sprint Direct 2 You phone setup Sprint LG G6 launching on April 7 Cell Phone Deals March 2017 Digest Sprint improving Unlimited Freedom Sprint HTC 10 and AT&T LG G5 Sprint giving HD video streaming T-Mobile News T-Mobile launches a trio of new T-Mobile adds AppleCare to JUMP! Red iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus, T-Mobile Scam ID and Scam Block Samsung Gear S3 Classic with 4G T-Mobile begins delivering LG G6 T-Mobile launching the LG G6 on Verizon Wireless Red iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus, Samsung Gear S3 Classic with 4G Verizon launching Samsung Galaxy Verizon LG G6 arriving on March 30 Verizon LG G6 pre-order and Verizon now offering data-free Android 7.0 updates now rolling PHONEDOG PhoneDog Media is home to PhoneDog, Android & Me, TmoNews, and TodaysiPhone. The network receives 2.5 million unique visitors and 10 million pageviews each month, along with a combined three million video views on YouTube. While the name is jovial, the PhoneDog Media network offers up a wealth of written and video content to help readers make important decisions about mobile technology. Established in 2001, PhoneDog Media is a privately owned and operated company. PHONEDOG MEDIA FAMILY Phonedog - Cell Phone News TmoNews - The Unofficial T-Mobile Blog AndroidAndMe - Everything Android TodaysiPhone - iPhone News & Rumors Company Home Privacy Policy Term of Use Contact About Us Sitemap In-Depth Reviews Phone vs Phone Video Unboxings Apps & Games New Phones Phone Finder Compare Plans Phone Specials Long Distance © 2001-2017 PhoneDog, LLC. Reproduction without explicit permission is prohibited. All Rights Reserved.
Droid Life Menu Skip to content Home Topics Accessories Apps Beginners’ Guide Contests Deals News Polls Reviews Root Videos Podcast Deals Contact Search Post navigation Previous StoryNova Launcher Beta Update Introduces Dynamic Badges, an Alternate to Notification Counts Next StoryRogue One is Now Available on Google Play! by Kellex on Mar 23, 2017 @droid_life Apps News Home Share this Story Hangouts is Losing SMS Integration on May 22 With Google Voice back in action, Android Messages getting a major push as the RCS client of the future, Allo out here doing nothing but acting as a punchline, and Hangouts transforming into a 2-piece enterprise solution going forward, we have some clarity on Google’s messaging direction for the first time in years.  . . . . LOLZ. No we don’t. We have no idea what Google is doing. What we do know is that Google appears to be making the situation worse these days by ripping SMS support out of Hangouts on May 22, at least according to emails being sent to GSuite (Google for Work) customers. I wish that was a joke, but it’s not! The emails being sent state that by May 22, those who use Hangouts for SMS purposes with a carrier phone number will have to find a new solution. That means if you use SMS with Hangouts from your Verizon, AT&T, Sprint, T-Mobile, etc. phone number, that you won’t be able to do so come May 22. You should see a notification by March 27 that tells you about the upcoming change. Of course, Android Messages is a perfectly good (if not borderline great) SMS solution and will do you right. Unfortunately, that means you’ll now have to use separate applications for Hangouts and SMS, a task you probably want no part of after spending years with a single messaging application. Oh, we’d also imagine that you won’t be able to send SMS through Hangouts on desktop either. Cool, right? Yikes. Pushbullet is an app that offers a solution there, though. There are others as well. As for Google Voice users who integrate with Hangouts, you are still good as long as you use your Google Voice number for SMS purposes. I should point out that this could just be for GSuite customers and that regular Hangouts users will be fine. But yeah, I wouldn’t put my money on that. We’ll likely have more to say in the morning. For now, grab a beer or some tequila and take in the letter below. Hangouts SMS Death Letter Hello Administrator, Last year, we announced several improvements to the most popular features of Google Hangouts, such as the new video meetings experience and better group chat messaging. As part of that ongoing effort, we will be removing carrier SMS text messaging from Hangouts on Android after May 22, 2017. Note: Google Voice numbers will continue to be supported after May 22. This change only applies to SMS text messages sent and received from carrier phone numbers. We will prepare users for this change by showing an in-app message beginning March 27, 2017. Here is what users will see: For SMS users on Hangouts on Android (not including Google Voice) Users will be prompted to choose another default messaging app already installed on their phone. If none exists, they will be directed to the Google Play store to find a new SMS messaging app. Choosing a new messaging app will not impact existing SMS messages. All messages will be accessible in the new messaging app. For SMS users using Google Voice on Hangouts on Android Google Voice users who also send carrier SMS messages will need to choose another default messaging app. Their Google Voice messages will be unaffected and will still be available in Google Hangouts. For Google Voice users on Hangouts on Android Google Voice users who do not use carrier SMS text messaging will not be affected and no notification will be shown. For non-SMS users on Hangouts on Android No notification will be shown to users who do not have Hangouts enabled as the default SMS messenger app on their device. What you should do As a result of this change, you may receive questions from affected users. We’ve identified the users (copied below) who will be affected at your domain xxxxxx.com. You can share this Help Center article if users have any questions. If you have additional questions or need assistance, please contact G Suite support. Sincerely, The G Suite Team Via: reddit Post navigation Previous StoryNova Launcher Beta Update Introduces Dynamic Badges, an Alternate to Notification Counts Next StoryRogue One is Now Available on Google Play! Julio Morales I contacted Project Fi, and this doesn’t apply to their customers. SMS will still be a part of the app, for Project Fi customers. jdrch LMFAO. Unlike some people in this thread, I knew Hangouts was a loser from day 1. I got everyone on FB Messenger instead. Ben I honestly don’t care what app i use on my phone. my biggest issue is they don’t even mention what happens for Google Fi users. I LOOOOOVVVE texting from my desktop. I don’t want that to go away. And i’m not about to shell out extra money for a monthly pushbullet plan or any hackery like that. Martin JoFX Who uses sms’ in 2017? VAVAMk_2 SMS coming to Allo? Turb0wned Google is so lost these days it keeps making stay with Apple. KleenDroid Does that even make sense? Jason so then what will be the point of hangouts? just to have an ugly green app? Jeff Kellen…might want to add that it *appears* very likely that Project Fi subscribers won’t be affected either. https://support.google.com/fi/answer/6159953?hl=en&ref_topic=4596407 Mushy Waffle It makes NO SENSE to remove an option that millions use just for the sake of removing it. Raven ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ Apparently they have been planning this since at least January of 2016 with Hangouts 7.0: https://arstechnica.com/gadgets/2016/01/google-hangouts-7-0-for-android-asks-users-to-stop-using-it-for-sms/ Charles Rogers Uh, someone quick. I need a Rageface. Sincerely-1/10. Bill B Several Android Auto users (me included) have run up against a problem, where Google Assistant fails to reply to SMS messages saying the needed chat application hasn’t been installed (thread is provided below). Turns out a work-around (fix?) is to enable the Hangouts app. Sure enough, I had disabled Hangouts on my device, and once I re-enabled it, it Google Assistant in Android Auto started working again for replying to SMS messages. https://productforums.google.com/forum/#!msg/android-auto/Kxb3deoJU_Y/qXTvN9qvBQAJ I have to wonder how losing SMS integration would affect this work around. Is Google going to fix the problem Android Auto users are experiencing? Joe Paul What about ProjectFi users. Is that considered a Google Voice number? I went all-in with google and moved my whole company and my whole family over to ProjectFi. Tom S I was wondering that myself, being a Fi user. Jeff Fi numbers are not considered Google Voice numbers but they receive the same benefits as GV numbers. This might help clear up confusion. https://support.google.com/fi/answer/6159953?hl=en&ref_topic=4596407 paul_cus This is exactly why I won’t jump onto any of Google’s messaging platforms. They’re just too fickle. Kris V This is why I switched to Pushbullet. And the fact I can send files and links from my laptop directly to my phone with a right click has been awesome. Well worth the $40 a year. Gumption24 Eh. I stopped using Hangouts for SMS once they separated my conversations into individual threads for chat and SMS. Too much clutter. That was the best feature (and text from desktop). The fragmentation is out of control. PeacedOut This is 3 days after IO, wondering if it ties to some announcement they will make at that time. Paul At least it better…!!! Disappointing if not. Carson Since no one understands what Google is thinking here, myself included, can’t we reach out to the company for some sort of explanation? JP Wow wtf is Google doing. If Apple just opened up their OS a bit with things like adding a file manager I could see a lot of people switching over. Android and most of Google’s apps are a mess from the top down. BoFiS Booo, Allo and Duo are NOT remotely good replacements, this is dumb, it was nice that Hangouts could do everything all in one app, and between devices, with a common chat history that’s searchable in gmail… MrOrange645 I still don’t understand this direction. I’m a GV user, so I won’t be affected FOR NOW, but I see that going away as well. It made so much more sense to have an integrated messaging service. I understand it wasn’t perfect, but I love hangouts for the integration. Want to know how many messaging services I have on my home screen? One. Hangouts. Cause it does (did) everything I need. I guess I need to accept that I’ll be forced to migrate to the GV app, which sucks because you can’t make it the default messaging app. I really like Android Messages app, but it’s carrier number only. And Allo is okay, but no one uses it. If it got true GV integration like Hangouts has, then it would be much better and would be a viable option. Duo sucks, because we have five kids, and sometimes we do group video chats, now we can only viceo chat with one person at a time. But taking away features somehow “improves” the user experience? I love Android, and iOS mostly frustrates me, but this is one are that Apple nailed it. SMS and messaging completely integrated and video calls integrated with the stock dialer. Google had nailed it but is now blowing it all up. If Google can integrate GV calling with the stock dialer, why can’t they integrate GV texting with the stock Android Messages app? Eric Long As a Project Fi user, I sincerely hope that this is not going to happen. Using Hangouts as my messaging app is a core feature when on project fi. Joel Hardman I don’t think we’ll be affected. I believe our numbers were converted to Google Voice numbers when we switched to project fi. I could be wrong though. Eric Long They may have been, but that is confusing as well, as I do not need the gv app installed on my device. Honestly, Google is getting more confusing. I do love my Project Fi though! Joel Hardman Agreed, it’s quite the cluster. It wouldn’t be so bad if Allo supported SMS and desktop messaging. I’m all for the RCS changeover, but until that’s adopted by all carriers, they need to support legacy technology. Jeff Guys, this link basically states that Project Fi numbers are not GVoice numbers. https://support.google.com/fi/answer/6246240?hl=en Based on this, I would expect to receive the same notice as any other non-GVoice number. I’m short of all but confirming this with a support tech (if they even know LOL). Jeff aaaannnd this particular tech said Fi numbers are NOT affected and will be able to send/receive SMS in Hangouts beyond May 22. b_boogey_xl Seriously. Why is this a shock? What is so hard to understand about this? The only thing I do understand is that this what people think they don’t want so you act shock and confused by it all. bogy25 First of all it ALREADY doesn’t work! I can’t tell you how many service requests I have put in because either I can’t receive and SMS or a group SMS or a picture MMS – it is a mess! I use hangouts for my wife as she is on Android. The I use the default messenger for everyone else. Not by choice but because Hangouts just doesn’t work. Glad to see it go! Decibel_NV MMS didn’t initially work for a while on various carriers. Verizon, which I’m on, was way down on the list for MMS integration a few years ago. I infer from that that it is an integration part (Read: negotiation$) on various carriers due to “technology” hurdles. But MMS is an industry standard protocol that already worked across carriers? J. Carter I honestly don’t miss android very much. This SMS from desktop feature is baked into Apples ecosystem. My company forced me onto an iPhone a couple of years ago and at first I was pissed. I left an HTC M8, Note 4, Nexus 6 rotation and had an iPhone 5S. But as soon as Apple rolled out the 6Plus i started to turn around. I had a high res screen and great battery and camera. I was sending texts from my iPad and Macbook to android users and iMessage users. And the google apps are great. Better than Androids google apps at times. In fact, i’d said before recently that other than the Pixel and the Nexus, the iPhone is probably the best Google phone on the market. I dunno, i still miss android at times but it just seems a little lost. Michael Pahl do you enjoy having all your apps on your homescreen? not being able to drag things around the way you prefer? J. Carter I wouldn’t say I enjoy it but I kind of got over the customized home screen. I have folders set up how I like them and my most used apps on my home screen. I liked the minimal approach anyway. I find I actually use apps more instead of just fiddling with customizations. Turb0wned You get over that pretty quickly when everything just works perfectly together. Everything is also more polished and fits with the OS. Android is a complete mess. How many things still don’t have that material design look. How many different shaped icons do I need to have, and no I don’t want to have to use a launcher. Bobb you can send non-iMessage texts (SMS) via wifi? pappy53 Absolutely. Bobb how? I don’t understand how that would work (Tech wise) because its not imessage and SMS can’t be done via WFI Can i do this with my Ipad even if I have an android phone? Chris On the Android side, you could download something like AirDroid and you can send and receive texts with WiFi. The iPhone needs to be on the same WiFi network as the MacBook to be able to send SMS over WiFi. If the iPhone doesn’t have WiFi on, I would assume this would not be possible. J. Carter Yeah i think if you have Cortana installed you can actually do this with the default messaging app on Windows 10. I havent tried it but i’m sure it’s not as reliable as iOS/MacOS Drew Is this Google courage? Howard Stern ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ next up….sms integration for allo?? doubtful sinfoman I saw this headline and thought, “I can’t wait to hear Howard’s response.” I think I agree with Drew above. This looks more and more like Google ahem, Alphabet, trying to push their RCS agenda. For the record, I’M OK WITH THAT, but just dropping SMS cold is not the answer, a la Apple and their headphone jack debacle. To that end, I think it is more likely that they will continue with Messages for MMS/RCS (with MMS eventually sunsetting there) and keep Allo as their “cutesy” (?) solution to.. what? Integrate assistant with messages and call it a day. Jeez. Howard Stern ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ such a great viewpoint to be honest…I dont think its the right move either. I personally say they use hangouts for professional use, but keep SMS. The market it different. Then integrate SMS into Allo, add Duo INTO it and be ABOVE iMessage. I mean, lets be honest, Apple has iMessage on LOCK. Its probably the best stock message app out there Dan It’s the best as long as you only communicate with other iPeople. Howard Stern ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ of course….i tried switching, and its a pain going back to android after. sinfoman It’s THE reason Apple is where they is. Hands down the only real item going for them v. Android. Howard Stern ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ Totally agree. I almost wish I could get it on Android Jesse Blacklock Oh ffs, why? It was bad enough when they removed merged conversations, that should have been a clue they would remove SMS I guess… I don’t like using 2 apps for conversations Good_Ole_Pinocchio Can’t wait for the next podcast where Tim will now have to explain to all his family and friends that he was wrong about switching them to Hangouts. DanSan If you switched all your friends and family to hangouts, you can still use hangouts to talk to them. hopefully if they are using hangouts core instant messaging and not using it as an SMS replacement. Jérôme Besnard When I was about to give up on Picassa and G+ photos, Google pulled Photos and I forgot the years of not liking Google for messing up with photos, pictures and gallery. I hope Google has something up its sleeve and reconcile me with its messaging apps. Loosing the web app is big for me. Sure, I can use a 3rd party app but come on, Allo is going to get it. Just announce that Allo is getting SMS support on May 22nd and I will like you again Google. Otherwise, not cool at all. Jeff How does Project Fi play into this? My phone number is the same from my carrier days, but can I assume that my number is considered a Google Voice number? Jan Lavicka Google imbeciles dont know what to do: Hangouts, Allo, Duo, Messages instead of JUST ONE APP incompetent iDiots at Google in charge. So I dont use any, ony FB messenger and stock sms Samsung app. john lens Since the last update, Google Voice is now similar to Hangout, Voice is the only app I use now instead of Hangout. Jérôme Besnard Unless, like me, and you are on Fi: can’t use Gvoice. droidify Sometimes I hate google. I don’t understand why they always split one app into two and then try and tell you it’s better. Jan Lavicka Because Google is overwhelmed by iDiots Geoff Johnson Except Apple uses one messaging platform, so I don’t get how calling them iDiots is appropriate. sc0rch3d A diot is a sausage from the French region of Savoy (La Savoie) which comes in several varieties (according to Google). so maybe @janlavicka:disqus was calling Google an apple version of french sausages! /s Dan I like sausage. Turb0wned That’s what she said. Jan Lavicka No, I mean iDiots from Apple have moved to Google product management, unfortunately. Keith Matocha Luckily for me I never jumped on the Hangouts train. Been using Verizon message+. Can use it on my Android phone, computer, iPad, iPod & whatever else I might have laying around. Works great. I was actually surprised when I first started using it that Verizon actually made a useful app. CapnShiner If Hangouts was as good as third party apps, like Textra, for SMS, maybe more people would use it. Even if it was as good as Android Messages more people would use it. Hangouts was supposed to be the all-in-one tool for messaging and chat- Google’s answer to iMessage and FaceTime. They just did such a terrible job with the apps that it never took off the same way Apple’s apps did. Then they made it worse with all the integrating and deintegrating of various services. I think Google Voice should have remained separate. Integrating it with Hangouts just made it confusing and messy. I think they need to make the experience as seamless as iMessage. Let Hangouts and SMS be integrated but use the Android Messages app. Have it be installed by default. Let it automatically choose whether to send messages via Hangouts or SMS/MMS based on the recipient and the size of the message(but also let users switch to manual selection). Make video Hangouts sessions as easy to establish as FaceTime. Then people would use it. Make it link to Google Drive and Google Photos for quick sharing, add support in Google Assistant, and maybe add support for VR video chat and it could be better than what Apple has. Art Ramirez So I will still be able to send MMS/ SMS messages using my GV number on Hangouts right? Cuz that’s what I currently do. The only number I tell people is my GV number. Thanks admmck That’s my question too! Mathew Call THANKS GOODNESS I don’t use carrier SMS, only Google Voice SMS. (I never even give out my Verizon number.) I tried switching over to GV for SMS recently and it was fine on my phone but NOT on my computer! I never realized how absolutely crucial it had become for me to be able to receive and send SMS from the Gmail Hangouts interface. If that ever goes away, I’ma get on a BART train to Mountain View and start a protest on the lawn. MrOrange645 I use GV exclusively as well for calls and texts. I have no issues using GV for texting from the desktop app. What issues are you having? Mathew Call Well it’s just having to keep another tab open and dealing with different visual and audible notifications and overall dealing with it in a different way than I already have set up now. You mention “desktop app”. So you aren’t doing everything from just the web interface? Are you using the Chrome extension or is there some other desktop app that makes things easier? O’Malley (Deplorable) The fact that you know BART might imply you’re from California. However, BART does not run all they way down to Mountain View. Haha. You could ride it as far as Millbrae and ride a bus from there. Mathew Call YOU ARE RIGHT. I’m in the Sacramento area so I know of BART and have used it on a few occasions but didn’t know it didn’t go all the way to Mountain View LOL. Baseer btw….BART doesn’t go down to Mountain View…you’d need to get on CALTrain 😛 Mathew Call Doh deskjob So Mathew, not sure if you got the memo, but BART won’t get you to Mountain View. I’ll make sure you get another memo, mmmmkay? 😀 #TPSreports XgudwilX This is how I’ve used Hangouts from day one. Carrier- SMS/MMS with Google Messenger & phone app for calls. (Mobile line) Hangouts SMS/MMS & calls with my Google Voice number.(Office line) Whats the big deal? Dan Yup, this is how I use them as well, I actually like to keep them seperate. JXD This is extremely terrible news. I’d say I’m also “one of the 10” but… I personally know more than 10 people who I’ve convinced to use Hangouts over the years. It’s absolutely perfect for an office environment! I hate texting, tapping or swiping across a mini keyboard when you have to write an entire paragraph is ridiculous. I love voice-to-text but talking to your phone while you’re in the office makes you look like an idiot. Being able to text someone from your computer is PERFECT. And the main issue is that many people in today’s technical industry don’t have a single unified channel of communication. My wife & I use Hangouts, while some of my immediate co-workers are on iPhones… lastly, some less tech savvy (usually older) use either Android with no idea of which text app they’re using or still even have a work provided Blackberry. Thus far, Hangouts has been my one form of communication that worked for everyone, from my PC, laptop, phone, tablet no matter where I’m at or what I’m doing. I love Google! Have been a fanboy since Android was less than 1% of the marketshare. Probably because I’ve been working and programming on a linux backbone since I was young. But I can’t honestly say that I haven’t at least considered the idea of making the jump to iPhone in the recent year or two mostly because Google can’t get their s**t straight when it comes to this texting trainwreck they’ve created. I don’t like more apps than necessary on my phone, it runs slim, fast and I don’t have to worry about unnecessary wake locks due to some crappy app that I don’t need. Please Google, Hangouts with merged SMS conversations was perfect … get your stuff together. I don’t care which app it is or what it’s called, but the second I have to use 2+ diff apps for communication is the second iMessage starts to make Google look like a fool … not to mention, most of G-Apps are available for Apple now AND they often get updates first! LOL what a joke… please Google, don’t make me regret being a die hard Android fan. lol had to edit this and repost because DL kept declining my comment… anti wall of text? 😛 sorry for the ramble, just sorta heart broken by this news, thanks to anyone who took the time to skim it 😀 Joel Marshall I was paid 104000 dollars past 12 months by doing an online work and also I was able to do it by w­orking in my own time f­o­r quite a few hours during the day. I used work opportunity I found over the internet and I am excited that I was capable to make such decent money. It is seriously newbie-friendly and I am so delighted that I discovered out regarding it. Go and visit what I do… I was paid 104000 bucks previous 12 months by doing an internet work moreover I was able to do it by w­orking in my own time f­o­r quite a few hours regularly. I used work opportunity I came across over the internet and I am excited that I was in a position to make such decent cash. It is really newbie-friendly and I’m so pleased that I discovered out about it. Have a look at exactly what I do… http://s.id/272 Janicescortez Google is paying 97$ per hour! Work for few hours and have longer with friends & family! !mj205d: On tuesday I got a great new Land Rover Range Rover from having earned $8752 this last four weeks.. Its the most-financialy rewarding I’ve had.. It sounds unbelievable but you wont forgive yourself if you don’t check it !mj205d: ➽➽ ➽➽;➽➽ http://GoogleFinancialJobsCash205DirectBankGetPay$97Hour… ★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★:::::!mj205d:….,…. Tyler Marshall I was paid 104000 dollars past 12 month period by doing an internet task and also I was able to do it by w­orking in my own time f­o­r several hours each day. I applied work opportunity I stumbled upon over the internet and also I am thrilled that I was capable of to earn such decent earnings. It is actually newbie-friendly and I’m so blessed that I discovered out regarding it. Go and visit what I do… http://s.id/1dR Jim Foskett NNNNNOOOOOOOO!!!!!!!!!!!!! Caleb Martin I’m not surprised. I use Google Voice for text messages instead of carrier SMS, but I moved back to the GV app as soon as they released the overhaul update because I was certain they would be dumping it from Hangouts in the near future. It looks even more like they are heading in that direction now. Chris you had one job, Google (a subsidiary of Alphabet)…ONE JOB! Voltism Twitch plays: Google application management Crazydog WHAT. We didn’t want to use Allo, so maybe they’re forcing us to use a separate SMS app so we get used to using 5 different messaging apps. Elizabethmruiz Google is paying 97$ per hour! Work for few hours and have longer with friends & family! !mj179d: On tuesday I got a great new Land Rover Range Rover from having earned $8752 this last four weeks.. Its the most-financialy rewarding I’ve had.. It sounds unbelievable but you wont forgive yourself if you don’t check it !mj179d: ➽➽ ➽➽;➽➽ http://GoogleFinancialJobsCash179HomeLineGetPay$97Hour… ★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★:::::!mj179d:….,…… Raven ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ This is my tinfoil hat theory. People aren’t adopting Allo because they still use Hangouts because of SMS, so someone gets the brilliant idea that hey, if they remove SMS from Hangouts, maybe more people will try Allo. sinfoman Sadly, you may be onto something. Apple called it “courage.” JoeInMO THIS SUCKS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! disastrousrainbow I’m sure this will upset the ten people who still use it. Kellex B 10M? Tomek G I never used Hangouts + SMS integration. There was really no real point. Conversations weren’t portable between clients. And I actually prefer separate clients because each has unique required features. I think last great integration I got on my old blackberry. Matt I’m with K. I want one stupid app to do it all not 6 to do nothing. disastrousrainbow No. The ten people that actually use it and not the 10 million whose phone came pre-installed with it and accidentally opened it thinking it’d be useful. Google honestly just needs to stop this Android Messages, Allo, Hangouts, etc. nonsense and get with the program. Lift the best parts of iMessage, make it better, and make Android users feel like it’s as integral to their Android phone as that Google search bar. Eddie Jr Lmao you funny MGardnerDA1235 Other than general Hangouts crappiness, it lose me when they split the SMS and ‘g chat’ conversations. ushneb I guess I’m one of those 10 who will have to look for an alternative. I really liked Hangouts + SMS. disastrousrainbow https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/9cd08a9fd9637923552f2966203e9652f7b67bd3f118ca46b1d91d2e614e2591.gif john lens Since the last update, Google Voice is now similar to Hangouts. About Droid Life We consider ourselves to have the greatest Android community in the world, here at Droid Life. We talk general news, feature apps, review phones, and even teach you how to hack a little. But most importantly, there is no place on the internet that has the reader participation that we do and consider ourselves to be completely community driven. If you were looking for the best place to learn about Android and talk with like-minded folks about all things tech, then Droid Life is for you. Follow Us Facebook Google+ YouTube Twitter Subscribe © DRD Life Inc. About Contact Advertise Privacy Policy Handcrafted by Coulee Creative.
Education NewsSports News | E-Paper Sections Home Companies Industry Politics Money Opinion Lounge Consumer Elections 2017 More... MultimediaScienceEducationSportsSpecials People Results Management Start-ups Financial Services Manufacturing Retail Telecom Infotech Infrastructure Education World Reports Agriculture Marketinfo Mint 50 Mark to Market Markets Ask Mint Money Calculators Mediclaim Ratings Views Online Views Columns Quick Edit Blogs Lounge Business of Life Slideshows Videos Technology Videos Marketing Research Personal Tech Media Advertising Reclaiming safe public spaces 2017: New year, new beginnings The year of surprise Home » Consumer Last Modified: Fri, Mar 24 2017. 09 32 AM IST YouTube’s bid to grab TV ads imperiled by advertiser revolt A handful of high-profile consumer brands have decided to pull ads from Google’s YouTube over offensive content Subscribe to our newsletter. To continue reading, we request you to support us by disabling your Ad Blocker OR by signing up In order to serve content on our website, we rely on advertising revenue which helps us to ensure that we continue to serve high quality, unbiased journalism. To learn how to disable your Ad Blocker, please click here x Steps to disable Ad Blocker on your browser In order to serve content on our website, we rely on advertising revenue which helps us ensure that we continue to serve high quality, unbiased journalism. From our end, we will aim to show clean and unobtrusive ads to provide you with a great browsing experience. Please follow the steps below, and once done, please refresh your page. Google Chrome Using AdBlock Plus Click on the AdBlock Plus icon on the top right of your browser A drop-down menu will appear with a check mark followed by Enabled on this site Click the button to until the text reads Disabled on this site Refresh the page or click Refresh, to access LiveMint.com Using Chrome adblock extension Click on the hand icon for adblock extension, on the top right corner of your browser A drop-down menu will appear Click the Don't run on pages on this domain option on the drop down Once clicked a settings popup will appear. Click Exclude Refresh the page or click Refresh, to access LiveMint.com Firefox Using AdBlock Plus Click on the AdBlock Plus icon on the top right of your browser A drop-down menu will appear Click the Disabled on LiveMint.com option on the drop down Refresh the page or click Refresh, to access Times of India Firefox "Private Window" runs its own version of adblock. You will receive an adblock detection screen on private window, even if you are not running any adblock plugins. In this case, you will need to open LiveMint.com on your standard Firefox window. Safari Go to the Settings app on the main screen Click on the Safari button From Menu click Content Blockers You will see your blocker enabled. Slide button to the left to disable. Return to your Safari browser and refresh the page or click Refresh, to access LiveMint.com Internet Explorer Click on the AdBlock Plus icon on the bottom right hand side of your browser A drop-down menu will appear Click the Disable on LiveMint.com option on the drop down Refresh the page or click Refresh, to access LiveMint.com iOS 9 and above Go to the Settings app on the main screen Click on the Safari button From Menu click Content Blockers You will see your blocker enabled. Slide button to the left to disable Return to the Safari browser and refresh the page or click Refresh, to access LiveMint.com Please refresh your page, once Ad Blocker is disabled OR To sign up, please click here x Sign Up Email: First Name: Last Name: Julia LoveJessica ToonkelTim Baysinger The immediate financial impact of the controversy is likely to be limited, in part because a big chunk of YouTube revenue comes from smaller advertisers who lack the budget for TV campaigns. Photo: Reuters San Francisco/ New York: The decision by a handful of high-profile consumer brands to pull advertising from Google’s YouTube over offensive content could threaten the site’s long-term strategy of stealing ad dollars from television, analysts and ad industry professionals said Thursday. The immediate financial impact of the controversy is likely to be limited, in part because a big chunk of YouTube revenue comes from smaller advertisers who lack the budget for TV campaigns and do not have easy alternatives. Some analysts also believe that departing advertisers, eager to reach YouTube’s millennial audience, will quickly return. But with “brand safety” emerging as a major concern for marketers amid a surge in hate speech and other types of offensive content across the internet, the widespread assumption that major advertisers are ready to shift large chunks of their budgets from TV to digital now looks much more dubious. The timing may also favour television networks as they usually present their fall line-ups and woo big advertisers starting in May, agency executives said. YouTube, part of Alphabet Inc, has spent years courting big brands that spend hundreds of millions annually on air time. But over the past week, companies including Verizon Communications Inc, AT&T Inc and Johnson & Johnson have canceled their YouTube ad deals. “Video is actually a lot more fragile of an ecosystem than the Silicon Valley, software-eats-everything crowd may want to think,” said Joel Espelien, a senior analyst at the Diffusion Group, which studies the future of television. “The point is all content isn’t actually the same, all advertising isn’t actually all the same. There is an element of taste. And when you ruin that, the whole thing does kind of start to fall apart.” Google offers little visibility into YouTube’s financial performance, but analysts view it as a key driver for the company’s growth as its traditional search advertising business matures. Analyst Mark Mahaney of RBC Capital Markets estimates YouTube will bring in about $14 billion in revenue this year. Alphabet shares have fallen more than 3% since Monday, closing at $839.65 on Thursday. Whether the recent events are a mere blip on the radar for Google or a harbinger of bigger problems to come may depend on whether the company can quickly improve its technical tools to give advertisers more control over where their ads appear. Also Read| Google apologizes to ad clients for YouTube content fiasco YouTube has begun reviewing its advertising policies and will take steps to give advertisers more control, Philipp Schindler, Google’s chief business officer, wrote in a blog post on Tuesday. Google also plans to hire more people for its review team and refine its artificial intelligence – a key step, since much of the ad-serving is handled by automation. Eric Schmidt, executive chairman of Alphabet, acknowledged in a Fox News interview that ads appearing next to videos promoting hate speech or advocating violence had slipped through the digital cracks in Google’s elaborate ad-serving systems. “We match ads and the content, but because we source the ads from everywhere, every once in a while somebody gets underneath the algorithm and they put in something that doesn’t match,” Schmidt said. “We’ve had to tighten our policies and actually increase our manual review time and so I think we’re going to be OK.” But Google’s public statements have done little to assuage advertisers’ fears, said David Cohen, president, North America, for media buying firm Magna Global. Privately, Google has gone into more detail about how it plans to combat the issue, including ratcheting up its algorithms to better categorize content and being more stringent about how content is labeled, Cohen said. But such additional controls would reduce the percentage of content that carries advertising and could disrupt the vibrant community of independent creators on YouTube, who drive traffic to the site and rely on revenue-sharing from advertising. YouTube faces a special imperative to keep creators happy as rivals such as Facebook Inc and Twitter Inc try to court talent for their own platforms, said Hank Green, a prominent YouTube creator who runs the VidCon conference. “YouTube has a decade-long head start, but obviously everyone wants a piece of the pie,” he said. Even before the most recent revelations about YouTube, control over online ad placement had become a hot button topic for advertisers. Social networks and news aggregators came under fire during and after the US presidential election for spreading fake news reports, and advertisers have also sought to avoid having their brands appear beside content that they categorize as hate speech. “Between non-human traffic and fraud, fake news and hate speech, brands are more concerned than ever,” said Marc Goldberg, CEO of Trust Metrics, a New York-based company that addresses ad fraud. Reuters Julia LoveJessica ToonkelTim Baysinger Topics: You Tube ads advertisers Google small advertisers More From Livemint READ MORE Market roundup | Bullish sentiment on crude oil disappears Donald Trump invites Narendra Modi to Washington, says White House 2016-17 in review: note ban, debt woes, inflation First Published: Fri, Mar 24 2017. 09 32 AM IST Editor's Picks Airtel sells 10.3% stake in Bharti Infratel to KKR, Canada’s CPPIB, others Snapdeal’s woes show e-commerce isn’t doing enough Ola pilot project: Electric cabs across major cities in three months Latest News 2016-17 in review: note ban, debt woes, inflation Limerick: On the HUL-Amul battle Why less is more Leading out for new growth The changing attitudes towards corporate social responsibility Mint On Sunday When songs from rural grind mills make it online Musings from the IISc Open Day: Bringing science to the masses How to get rich like Warren Buffett Secrets from the highest-grossing restaurant in New York Letter from... a biennale TOP GAINERSTOP MUTUAL FUNDSMOST ACTIVE VALUE AND VOLUME Home Companies Opinion Industry Politics Consumer Lounge Multimedia Money Sitemap Subscribe Contact Us Mint Code Privacy policy Terms of Use Advertising Mint Apps About Us Syndication Mint on Sunday RSS Hindustan Times Desimartini Copyright © 2017 HT Media Ltd. All Rights Reserved Close Home Companies Industry Politics Money Opinion Lounge Elections 2017 Multimedia Consumer Science Education Sports Specials Close
Google+ Singapore Weather Min. 24° | Max. 32° Air Quality: PSI 38-55 We set you thinking Wednesday 29 March 2017 Read the PDF print edition Main menu hot news Commentary Voices Singapore daily focus China & India World Business Tech Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Blogs Photos Videos Print Edition Management Impact SME Property newstream Singapore GrabTaxi driver under investigation for assaulting passenger 1490618880 World Hong Kong lifts ban on Brazil meat imports, EU urges action 1490724110 World Former Nigerian state governor given bail after graft conviction 1490724508 World IATA criticizes Trump administration electronics ban as ineffective 1490725481 World Turkish bank executive charged in Iran sanctions case in U.S. 1490727455 World U.S.-led strike should not have collapsed Mosul building: U.S. commander 1490722438 World Investigators probe Mosul blast as Iraqi forces push into Old City 1490721491 Business Exclusive: ECB replaces Brussels head, annuls four hires after rule breach 1490726228 Business U.S. hospital shares drop as Republicans weigh healthcare repeal 1490724530 Business SEC denies a 2nd application to list a Bitcoin product 1490723926 World Scottish parliament backs bid for new independence referendum 1490722310 Business U.S. House committee approves bill to increase scrutiny of Fed 1490721717 World North Korea could be in final stages of nuclear test preparations: report 1490725606 Business Toshiba's Westinghouse to file for U.S. bankruptcy Tuesday: sources 1490722136 Business GM rebuffs two-class share plan from Einhorn's Greenlight Capital 1490726480 World U.S. says not seeking Venezuela's immediate suspension from bloc 1490725443 Business Wall Street jumps, fueled by strong consumer data 1490727424 World Man with knife arrested trying to enter Tunisian parliament 1490722191 Business Trump signs order sweeping away Obama-era climate policies 1490726939 Business Tesla deal boosts Chinese presence in U.S. auto tech 1490725110 World Congo forces fire shots to ward off protests after talks fizzle 1490726571 World South Africa's Gordhan breaks off roadshow, says he's still finance minister 1490726007 World Trump signs executive order unwinding Obama climate policies 1490726820 Singapore Train signalling trial goes smoothly; SMRT to hold another on Thursday 1490714100 Singapore What world needs is regulated globalisation: Hollande 1490644920 World Bodies of two U.N. investigators found in Congo: government 1490721270 World Central European leaders vow not to be blackmailed by EU on migration 1490720791 World Italian police disrupt protest to prevent olive grove removal 1490720765 World UK government rejects Scotland's bid for second independence referendum 1490719065 World Germany launches second probe into suspected Turkish spying 1490720592 World U.S. probably had role in Mosul blast that killed civilians: U.S. general 1490720088 World One soldier killed, one wounded by roadside bomb in Somalia's Puntland 1490718930 World Aid groups deny rescue ships in Mediterranean are abetting migrant smugglers 1490718697 World Paraguay Congress wrestles again with presidential re-election law 1490720548 World Nigeria 'ransacking' recaptured Boko Haram territory for elusive leader: defense minister 1490720346 Business Wells Fargo failed test of community lending, bank says 1490721201 Business Monsanto loses legal battle with Indian seed producer 1490720214 Business Fed's Yellen: Education and skills key to improving jobs prospects 1490720016 Business Trump to offer federal coal to industry awash in reserves 1490720725 Business Goods trade deficit narrows in February; inventories rise 1490719504 Business Consumer confidence hits 16-year high; house prices rise 1490719504 Business Trump applauds Ford's previous planned investment in Michigan plants 1490720337 World Poll shows Macron win in French election in shadow of 'Penelopegate' 1490721036 Singapore Pet shops, farms to face tighter licensing conditions 1490702520 Singapore ‘More could have been done’ to inform commuters of test 1490720460 Singapore Trio arrested for impersonating police officers in S$70k scam 1490716920 Singapore Man arrested for possessing airsoft guns 1490708640 Singapore NSL signalling fault; LRT train breaks down on Tuesday night 1490707740 World Congolese police fire bullets, tear gas to disperse opposition supporters 1490717429 World Britons in Berlin look for ways to stay put as Brexit looms 1490716803 Business YouTube's bid to grab TV dollars imperiled by advertiser revolt mail print View all comments Tweet Published: 11:10 AM, March 24, 2017 The decision by a handful of high-profile consumer brands to pull advertising from Google’s YouTube over offensive content could threaten the site’s long-term strategy of stealing ad dollars from television, analysts and ad industry professionals said Thursday. The immediate financial impact of the controversy is likely to be limited, in part because a big chunk of YouTube revenue comes from smaller advertisers who lack the budget for TV campaigns and do not have easy alternatives. Some analysts also believe that departing advertisers, eager to reach YouTube's millennial audience, will quickly return. But with "brand safety" emerging as a major concern for marketers amid a surge in hate speech and other types of offensive content across the internet, the widespread assumption that major advertisers are ready to shift large chunks of their budgets from TV to digital now looks much more dubious. The timing may also favor television networks as they usually present their fall line-ups and woo big advertisers starting in May, agency executives said. YouTube, part of Alphabet Inc <GOOGL.O>, has spent years courting big brands that spend hundreds of millions annually on air time. But over the past week, companies including Verizon Communications Inc <VZ.N>, AT&T Inc <T.N> and Johnson & Johnson <JNJ.N> have canceled their YouTube ad deals. “Video is actually a lot more fragile of an ecosystem than the Silicon Valley, software-eats-everything crowd may want to think," said Joel Espelien, a senior analyst at the Diffusion Group, which studies the future of television. "The point is all content isn’t actually the same, all advertising isn’t actually all the same. There is an element of taste. And when you ruin that, the whole thing does kind of start to fall apart.” Google offers little visibility into YouTube’s financial performance, but analysts view it as a key driver for the company’s growth as its traditional search advertising business matures. Analyst Mark Mahaney of RBC Capital Markets estimates YouTube will bring in about $14 billion in revenue this year. Alphabet shares have fallen more than 3 percent since Monday, closing at $839.65 on Thursday. Whether the recent events are a mere blip on the radar for Google or a harbinger of bigger problems to come may depend on whether the company can quickly improve its technical tools to give advertisers more control over where their ads appear. YouTube has begun reviewing its advertising policies and will take steps to give advertisers more control, Philipp Schindler, Google's chief business officer, wrote in a blog post on Tuesday. Google also plans to hire more people for its review team and refine its artificial intelligence – a key step, since much of the ad-serving is handled by automation. Eric Schmidt, executive chairman of Alphabet, acknowledged in a Fox News interview that ads appearing next to videos promoting hate speech or advocating violence had slipped through the digital cracks in Google's elaborate ad-serving systems. "We match ads and the content, but because we source the ads from everywhere, every once in a while somebody gets underneath the algorithm and they put in something that doesn’t match," Schmidt said. "We’ve had to tighten our policies and actually increase our manual review time and so I think we’re going to be OK.” But Google's public statements have done little to assuage advertisers’ fears, said David Cohen, president, North America, for media buying firm Magna Global. Privately, Google has gone into more detail about how it plans to combat the issue, including ratcheting up its algorithms to better categorize content and being more stringent about how content is labeled, Cohen said. But such additional controls would reduce the percentage of content that carries advertising and could disrupt the vibrant community of independent creators on YouTube, who drive traffic to the site and rely on revenue-sharing from advertising. YouTube faces a special imperative to keep creators happy as rivals such as Facebook Inc <FB.O> and Twitter Inc <TWTR.N> try to court talent for their own platforms, said Hank Green, a prominent YouTube creator who runs the VidCon conference. “YouTube has a decade-long head start, but obviously everyone wants a piece of the pie,” he said. Even before the most recent revelations about YouTube, control over online ad placement had become a hot button topic for advertisers. Social networks and news aggregators came under fire during and after the U.S. presidential election for spreading fake news reports, and advertisers have also sought to avoid having their brands appear beside content that they categorize as hate speech. “Between non-human traffic and fraud, fake news and hate speech, brands are more concerned than ever,” said Marc Goldberg, CEO of Trust Metrics, a New York-based company that addresses ad fraud. REUTERS mail print View all comments Tweet Recommended For You   More Stories For You The Most Business READ COMMENTED “India really means business”: Iswaran ’appy iPhone users as WhatsApp Web goes iOS ‘Your fried rice’s ready, Chef’ ‘Unicorns’ face up to reality of new dotcom bubble ‘Tweaks' to property cooling measures worth exploring, say industry players YouTube's bid to grab TV dollars imperiled by advertiser revolt With Sears' future in doubt, vendors begin pulling back With new phone due, Samsung dials down on safety message Wells Fargo introduces cardless ATMs across U.S. in digital push Wells Fargo failed test of community lending, bank says Wells Fargo banks on new ad campaign to regain customer trust Wary of Trump, China launches EU charm offensive: diplomats Walmart announces plan to invest $800 million in Chile Wall Street should avoid cutting foreign bank ties: U.S. regulator Wall Street jumps, fueled by strong consumer data Inside Today World Turkish bank executive charged in Iran sanctions case in U.S. Trump signs executive order unwinding Obama climate policies Congo forces fire shots to ward off protests after talks fizzle South Africa's Gordhan breaks off roadshow, says he's still finance minister North Korea could be in final stages of nuclear test preparations: report Business Wall Street jumps, fueled by strong consumer data Trump signs order sweeping away Obama-era climate policies GM rebuffs two-class share plan from Einhorn's Greenlight Capital Exclusive: ECB replaces Brussels head, annuls four hires after rule breach Tesla deal boosts Chinese presence in U.S. auto tech Sports Shanti is first recipient of SMU's Yip Pin Xiu Sports Scholarship Former UFC heavyweight champ Arlovski to take on Pole Tybura in Singapore Let Wenger stay and build another great Gunners side: Lauren Schooling to be part of Angela Lee's entourage for May 26 title defence Thailand hope for Singapore magic in World Cup qualifier against Japan Entertainment Nobel laureate writes disparaging play about Trump ‘Beauty and the Beast’ dazzles again at box office Book fans go online to promote reading among Singaporeans Ian Fang hopes role of ‘Loser’ wins him bigger parts Mediacorp’s magazines go all-in with digital About TODAY Apps RSS Sitemap Syndication Contact Us Advertise with Us Terms & Conditions About MediaCorp Copyright 2017 © Mediacorp Press Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Mediacorp News Group
Toggle search box Toggle navigation Home News Amazon Microsoft Startups Space Science Sports Tech Cloud Tech – presented by Salesforce Geek Life Podcast Apple Google Impact Series Real Estate App of the Week Geek of the Week Startup Spotlight Geek Home of the Week by Realogics Sotheby’s Working Geek – presented by Smartsheet Tech Moves Launch Pads Jobs Events GeekWire Events Community Calendar Resources Memberships Health Benefits Startup Resources Startup List GeekWire 200 Seattle Engineering Centers Startup Spaces GeekWire Store Community Calendar Deals About About GeekWire Email Newsletters Contact Us Advertise Sponsors Reprints & Permissions Search for: LATEST POPULAR Seattle tunnel machine Bertha is just days from breaking through to complete long journey Study: Parents say Pokémon Go leads to more quality time with children, among other benefits Live Video: Watch Richard Branson’s excellent entrepreneurial adventure in Seattle How 1,200 volunteers on Slack are saving democracy, one data set at a time GeekWire Calendar Picks: Meet the VC who ditched the Bay Area for Seattle; Feature Friday gets a new name; and more BMW’s ReachNow car-sharing service launches new ‘Corporate Fleet’ at Seattle office tower Amazon finally unveils grocery pickup service — but it’s only for employees at first Amazon Web Services jumps into call-center market with new ‘Amazon Connect’ service ‘Uber for car repair’ startup Wrench raises $4M for peer-to-peer marketplace Amazon wins bidding for Souq.com, announces deal to acquire Middle East e-commerce giant Cloud and IoT disruption driving the most demand and best pay in new survey of tech salaries Paul Allen’s airplane showcase expands, rebrands as Flying Heritage & Combat Armor Museum Richard Branson has warm words for Seattle, cold criticism for Alaska Air Former Clinton advisor on why the U.S. needs to promote entrepreneurship in developing countries Emoji update to include 69 new images: breastfeeding woman, zombie, steak and more How this legal software startup used its funding round to support legal aid under Trump budget cuts Public cloud could become a utility like electricity, lifting AWS, Azure and others, Morgan Stanley says Elon Musk reportedly backs Neuralink venture to connect brains with computers Amazon keeps adding pop-up stores in malls across U.S. as it expands physical presence 170,000 burger fans cast votes online for next Dick’s Drive-In location, and the winner is … Bill Gates and Paul Allen had a business before Microsoft, and this engineer was their partner Uber GM says service may leave Seattle if landmark union law is implemented Richard Branson has warm words for Seattle, cold criticism for Alaska Air Seattle to Portland in 15 minutes? Pacific Hyperloop begins campaign to make it so This Week in Seattle: Uber’s uncertain future, South Lake Union upzone, and more stuff you should know Twitter starts using IBM’s Watson technology to help identify bullies who tweet Why Alaska Airlines is killing off the Virgin America brand – and boosting perks Reports point to caution signals for Amazon Go checkout-free store 170,000 burger fans cast votes online for next Dick’s Drive-In location, and the winner is … Jump in Seattle’s median home value and rental price among fastest in the country, Zillow reports SpaceX’s Elon Musk isn’t smiling over NASA authorization for Mars missions Adobe unveils new Microsoft HoloLens and Amazon Alexa integrations Elon Musk reportedly backs Neuralink venture to connect brains with computers Amazon Prime Air delivery drone drops off sunscreen during semi-public U.S. debut The secret science of your office space: How architects are using neuroscience to make workers healthier and more productive Amazon Web Services jumps into call-center market with new ‘Amazon Connect’ service Starbucks teams up with Ford and Amazon to allow in-car orders via Alexa Microsoft outage: Office 365, Xbox Live, Outlook, and more suffer account sign-in issues Pop culture powerhouse Funko to open giant flagship store in new Everett headquarters building Public cloud could become a utility like electricity, lifting AWS, Azure and others, Morgan Stanley says Trending: Richard Branson has warm words for Seattle, cold criticism for Alaska Air New plug-in for popular Sketch design program will enable real-time collaboration on files by Nat Levy on March 23, 2017 at 9:36 amMarch 23, 2017 at 9:36 am Comments   Share  89 Tweet Share  19 Reddit Email Early-bird tix on sale for the GeekWire Awards! Designers can work on the same project at the same time with the Picnic plug in for Sketch. (Thomas Street Photo) Collaborating on documents has become easier than ever with a host of tools, but for web and graphic designers, the options can sometimes be lacking. That’s why Seattle-based Thomas Street and Makefast Workshop are working on a new plug-in for the popular design program Sketch, which is used by tech giants like Apple, Google and Facebook, that will let multiple designers work on the same project simultaneously. David Graunke, partner and developer at Thomas Street. The new service, Picnic, is like Google Docs and other collaboration tools, but it is designed for the more graphically-inclined types using Sketch. Users can integrate the plug-in with their own file-sharing systems, whether that’s Dropbox, Google Docs or a local server. Picnic is in the middle of an alpha test right now, and Thomas Street representatives told GeekWire the company is hoping to release a beta version in a couple weeks. Thomas Street has not laid out a timeline for releasing the product to the public. Thomas Street is a consultancy that helps tech companies design and develop products. The company basically sells to clients the promise of a collaborative, efficient partnership. But Thomas Street found that its designers were not equipped with the right tools to work together on complex projects. A couple Thomas Street folks using Sketch to collaborate on a project were frustrated by the inability to work on the same page at the same time. They found it took way more communication than necessary to make sure they didn’t wipe out each other’s work. Matt Wolfe, partner at Thomas Street. Matt Wolfe, a Thomas Street partner, tasked Makefast developer Adam Kumpf with exploring the technical feasibility of working on the same pages simultaneously within Sketch. Turns out Sketch’s plug-in friendly architecture made it possible, and about a month after the initial idea came about, Picnic was out for Alpha testing. “Now we can have designers sit side by side in one file,” said David Graunke, a partner and developer at Thomas Street. “They don’t have to each have their own file, they don’t have to coordinate to make sure only one person has it open at a time. They can share that and they can see what other people are working on.” Here is a look at Picnic in action on Sketch: The interest in the product, Graunke said, has far exceeded the company’s expectations. Thomas Street hoped to get 30 people and groups signed up for its test, but Graunke said more than 4,000 have signed up from around the world. Despite the massive interest in the product, Graunke said it is keeping things small, starting testing with only a couple teams based in the Seattle area before expanding out. “As soon as we feel like those folks have a stable experience, we are going to start widening out access in waves. We want to make sure we have the resources to give people the support they need in the early stages,” Graunke said. Nat Levy is a staff reporter at Geekwire covering a variety of technology topics, including Microsoft, Amazon, tech startups, and the intersection of technology with real estate, courts and government. Contact him at nat@geekwire.com and follow him on Twitter at @natjlevy. Comments Share  89 Tweet Share  19 Reddit Email Previous StoryGeekWire’s Thirsty Thursday: Meet up and geek out over drinks and party games Next StoryAmazon blocks and then restores sale of sci-fi book for reportedly copying another’s cover Filed Under: Tech  Tagged With: Apple • Facebook • Google • graphic design • Picnic • sketch • Thomas Street • web design GeekWire Newsletters Subscribe to GeekWire's free newsletters to catch every headline Email address Subscribe GeekWire Daily - Top headlines daily GeekWire Weekly - Most-read stories of the week, delivered Sunday GeekWire Sports Tech - The intersection of sports & technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Space & Science - Weekly headlines from Alan Boyle, award-winning aerospace and science editor GeekWire Podcasts — Weekly update with our latest audio episodes GeekWire Cloud Tech Weekly — Cloud and developer technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Mid-week Update — Most-read stories so far this week, delivered Wednesday GeekWire Local Deals — Special offers for Pacific Northwest area readers Send Us a Tip Have a scoop that you'd like GeekWire to cover? Let us know. Send Us a Tip See MoreGeekWire Events Related Stories Working Geek: How Black Pixel Design Director Tom Carmony manages a team across 5,000 miles Startup Spotlight: Code Fellows co-founder heads up on-demand graphic design shop Lightboard Microsoft design guru explains why originality is ‘vastly overrated’ Facebook leases big Seattle office project from Paul Allen’s Vulcan, continuing rapid growth Previous StoryGeekWire’s Thirsty Thursday: Meet up and geek out over drinks and party games Next StoryAmazon blocks and then restores sale of sci-fi book for reportedly copying another’s cover Like what you're reading? Subscribe to GeekWire's free newsletters to catch every headline Email address Subscribe GeekWire Daily - Top headlines daily GeekWire Weekly - Most-read stories of the week, delivered Sunday GeekWire Sports Tech - The intersection of sports & technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Space & Science - Weekly headlines from Alan Boyle, award-winning aerospace and science editor GeekWire Podcasts — Weekly update with our latest audio episodes GeekWire Cloud Tech Weekly — Cloud and developer technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Mid-week Update — Most-read stories so far this week, delivered Wednesday GeekWire Local Deals — Special offers for Pacific Northwest area readers Comments See MoreGeekWire Picks More product reviews and recommendations GeekWire Deals: Sleep soundly with this crazy-soft sheet set GeekWire Deals: Master design industry favorites Adobe Photoshop, Illustrator, and Premiere Pro Most Popular on GeekWire Bill Gates and Paul Allen had a business before Microsoft, and this engineer was their partner Uber GM says service may leave Seattle if landmark union law is implemented Richard Branson has warm words for Seattle, cold criticism for Alaska Air Seattle to Portland in 15 minutes? Pacific Hyperloop begins campaign to make it so Job Listings on GeekWork Find more jobs on GeekWork. Employers, post a job here. Software Development Engineer – AndroidOfferUp Marketing ManagerAnswerDash Site Reliability Engineer – Data SystemsOfferUp A Word From Our Sponsors GeekWire Memberships: Sign up today! Learn more and become a GeekWire Member today. Condos a go-go: Burrard Group and Realogics Sotheby’s International Realty sell more than $200 million in units during debut weekend of NEXUS Tower Read More Are Your Product Launches Predictable? Learn more about reducing risk in your next project. SPARC Apartments Opens at Bellevue’s Innovative Spring District Read More GeekWire Bash: The ultimate geek carnival is almost here! Get your tickets today! GeekWire Memberships: Sign up today! Learn more and become a GeekWire Member today. Condos a go-go: Burrard Group and Realogics Sotheby’s International Realty sell more than $200 million in units during debut weekend of NEXUS Tower Read More Are Your Product Launches Predictable? Learn more about reducing risk in your next project. SPARC Apartments Opens at Bellevue’s Innovative Spring District Read More GeekWire Bash: The ultimate geek carnival is almost here! Get your tickets today! Galactic Sponsors Platinum Sponsors Gold Sponsors Silver Sponsors About About GeekWire Contact Us Ask About Advertising Send Us a Tip Apply for Startup Spotlight Apply for Geek of the Week Become a GeekWire Member Join Our Startup List Reprints and Permissions Follow GeekWire Newsletters Catch every headline in your inbox Email address Subscribe GeekWire Daily - Top headlines daily GeekWire Weekly - Most-read stories of the week, delivered Sunday GeekWire Sports Tech - The intersection of sports & technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Space & Science - Weekly headlines from Alan Boyle, award-winning aerospace and science editor GeekWire Podcasts — Weekly update with our latest audio episodes GeekWire Cloud Tech Weekly — Cloud and developer technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Mid-week Update — Most-read stories so far this week, delivered Wednesday GeekWire Local Deals — Special offers for Pacific Northwest area readers GeekWire Apps iOS Android Apple News Windows Phone Windows 8 Google Play Newsstand GeekWire Developer Blog Return to Top of Page Privacy Policy | Terms of Use © 2011-2017 GeekWire, LLC
Menu Subscribe Login My CSMonitor.com Login Manage Profile My Saved Items Log Out Subscription Information Subscribe Give a Gift Manage Account FREE E-mail Newsletter Subscribe Subscribe Give a Gift Manage Account FREE E-mail Newsletters Passcode Monitor Breakfast EqualEd Inhabit Home World All World Africa Africa Monitor Americas Latin America Monitor Asia Pacific Asia: South & Central Europe Middle East Global News Blog Passcode Passcode Voices Passcode Influencers Security Culture Progress Watch People Making a Difference Change Agent Specials Africa's AIDS Orphans Little Bill Clinton Hostage: The Jill Carroll Story World Topics Human Trafficking Series USA All USA Politics Monitor Breakfast Politics Voices Decoder Foreign Policy Military Justice USA Update Education EqualEd EqualEd Voices Society Politics of US Series Commentary All Commentary The Monitor's View Readers Respond Upfront Blog Global Newsstand Monitor Political Cartoons A Christian Science Perspective Business All Business The Bite Tax VOX The New Economy Saving Money In Gear Paper Economy Robert Reich Guide to Giving Energy / Environment All Energy / Environment Energy Energy Voices Inhabit Inhabit Events Technology All Technology Breakthroughs Voices Science All Science Complexity Science Notebook Spacebound Culture All Culture Arts Full Frame Photoblog Music Movies Monitor Movie Guide TV Verbal Energy The Home Forum Culture Cafe Family Food Stir It Up! Recipe Categories Books All Books Books Reviews Chapter & Verse Readers' Picks Take Action All Take Action Environment Education Conflict Resolution Disaster Relief and Recovery Human Trafficking Business First Look AT&T and others, unhappy about extremist videos, are pulling ads from Google (+video) Google has vowed an overhaul of its practices after major advertisers threatened to pull their business appearing next to 'hate talk' videos on Google's YouTube site. Monitor's Best: Top 5 Why Russian protests are making the Kremlin rethink 2018 presidential elections (+video) Cover Story Trump vs. the media: the war over facts Focus 'Sundown towns': Midwest confronts its complicated racial legacy Will GOP's tax reform prove easier than health care? (+video) Passcode What keeps cybersecurity experts up at night? Popular Now First Look Scientists describe treasure trove of dinosaur tracks in Australia (+video) Why Russian protests are making the Kremlin rethink 2018 presidential elections (+video) Cover Story Trump vs. the media: the war over facts Focus 'Sundown towns': Midwest confronts its complicated racial legacy How climate change may be driving extreme weather Photos of the day 03/28 SUBSCRIBE About video ads AT&T, Verizon and several other major advertisers are suspending their marketing campaigns on Google's YouTube site after discovering their brands have been appearing alongside videos promoting terrorism and other unsavory subjects. Richard Vogel/AP/File | Caption Loading... Patrick Reilly Staff | @PatrickfReilly March 23, 2017 —AT&T and Verizon have announced that they will pull their advertisements from YouTube and other Google platforms, lest they appear next to hateful or offensive web content. Their decision to cut ties with the tech giant comes after a similar one last week by British advertising giant Havas UK – which, in turn, was preceded by a Times of London investigation that found ads for familiar brands appearing next to terrorist and neo-Nazi propaganda videos on YouTube. "We are deeply concerned that our ads may have appeared alongside YouTube content promoting terrorism and hate," an AT&T spokesperson wrote to Business Insider. "Until Google can ensure this won’t happen again, we are removing our ads from Google’s non-search platforms.” With this decision, Verizon and AT&T – two of America’s biggest ad spenders – have joined a growing movement to stop online hate by cutting off its streams of ad revenue. “It appears that technology has gotten ahead of the advertising industry’s checks and balances,” Laura Bryant, a spokesperson for Enterprise car rental, which has halted ad spending on YouTube, told The New York Times. “There is no doubt there are serious flaws that need to be addressed.” Would Google hire you? 10 test questions to find out The process that Google and other online advertisers use to place a company’s ad on a particular page is largely automated and takes milliseconds. As a result, media design expert David Carroll told The Christian Science Monitor last week, “advertisers, brands, and publishers have no control over where these ads show up.” When Verizon’s or AT&T’s ads appear alongside a terrorist’s or white supremacist’s video, ad agencies “have to act defensively” to repair the damage. Meanwhile, a Twitter activist group known as the Sleeping Giants is alerting companies when their ads appear on Breitbart, a website often accused of featuring “fake news” and offensive content. They’ve also taken credit for prompting Verizon and Johnson and Johnson to cut ties with YouTube. When the news broke, they tweeted, “this avalanche started with you snowflakes.” While this decision may further vindicate these activists, it’s also increasing pressure on Google to change the advertising model that makes the Sleeping Giants’ work necessary in the first place. In a blog post published Tuesday, Google’s chief business officer, Philipp Schindler, acknowledged that, “Recently, we had a number of cases where brands’ ads appeared on content that was not aligned with their values....That’s why we've been conducting an extensive review of our advertising policies and tools.” He went on to promise that Google would set tougher ad policies in the near future, and give advertisers and agencies greater transparency and control over where their ads are placed. Follow Stories Like This Get the Monitor stories you care about delivered to your inbox. Sign Up × It’s too early to tell how these policies will work and if they’ll keep familiar brands from popping up next to hateful content. But media industry analyst Brian Wieser thinks that Google – which claims more than 30 percent of global online ad revenue and gets 90 percent of its own revenue from ads – has a major incentive to solve the problem. “Eventually, they’ll respond appropriately,” he told The New York Times. “They’re not going to just see a significant business go away.” Give us your feedback, please. Give us your feedback, please. We want to hear, did we miss an angle we should have covered? Should we come back to this topic? Or just give us a rating for this story. We want to hear from you. Your name: Your e-mail address: Your comment: Submit Thank you for contacting The Christian Science Monitor. Next Up Test your knowledge Would Google hire you? 10 test questions to find out By Molly Driscoll Cutting ties with YouTube: A win in the fight against racist web content? By Patrick Reilly First Look Google 'Family Link' gives parents a way to monitor preteens' accounts By Patrick Reilly Photos of the Day Photos of the day 03/28 Our Award-Winning Publication Subscribe to the Monitor's trustworthy weekly review of global news and ideas. SUBSCRIBE Stay Current. Go Far. Discover the Monitor Difference About Contact Us Subscribe E-Readers Advertise With Us Careers Find us online Content Map Text Edition Corrections Reprints & Permissions Multimedia A Christian Science Perspective © The Christian Science Monitor.All Rights Reserved. Terms.Privacy Policy.
GSMArena.com Tip us 868k 125k 87k 202k RSS Log in Login with Facebook Google Sign up Home News Reviews Blog Phone Finder Tools Glossary Coverage FAQ Contact A closer look Sony Xperia XZ Premium hands-on - - - Google fixes Bluetooth issue on Pixel devices Post your comment Comments (18) Ricky 24 March 2017 Google Android Misc A number of Google Pixel (and Pixel XL) users have been experiencing a Bluetooth problem that randomly caused the radio to turn off without warning, causing accessories to disconnect and proved to be most annoying while streaming music to an external speaker. Thankfully Google is issuing a fix and it will reach affected users via a Google Play Services Update. The problem first appeared around the time of Googles release of the February Security Patch. Even the March Security Patch did not rectify the Bluetooth issue. Finally today, a fellow Googler posted in the product forum relevant to the issue that Google was pushing a server-side fix for the problem at hand. As mentioned, a Google Play Services update will gradually roll out over the next several days, so no further action will be needed from those affected as Google Play Updates happen seamlessly in the background. Are you one of these Pixel owners? Let us know how much the problem affected your Pixel. Source | Via Related articles Google acknowledges lens flare on Pixel camera, expect a fix in the next few weeks" Google Pixel 2 will allegedly ditch the headphone jack Really Blue Google Pixel and Pixel XL are now up for pre-order in Canada at Rogers Google Pixel 2 to have even better camera and higher price, will be joined by cheaper model Reader comments Karly RbqJ 25 Mar 2017 With 550k sales and 15k views it is more like 3%> Reply kwl189 myhd 25 Mar 2017 This is true. Once you get that reputation, its extremely hard to shake off. LG are firmly in my bad book for boot loop issues on their phones since the G2. Google having these problems just shows up their lack of expertise in fully handling all aspe... Reply wasyko arA7 24 Mar 2017 You can try to change ur phone? Where did you bought? Reply Read all comments Post your comment Total reader comments: 18 Phone finder Samsung Apple Microsoft Nokia Sony LG HTC Motorola Huawei Lenovo Xiaomi Google Acer Asus Oppo OnePlus Meizu BlackBerry Alcatel ZTE Toshiba Vodafone Gigabyte XOLO Lava Micromax BLU Gionee vivo LeEco Panasonic HP YU verykool Maxwest Plum All brands Rumor mill Top 10 by daily interest   Device Daily hits   1. Xiaomi Redmi 4a 177,240 2. Oppo F3 Plus 95,026 3. Samsung Galaxy J7 Prime 82,713 4. Samsung Galaxy S8 78,529 5. Xiaomi Redmi Note 4 70,891 6. Xiaomi Mi 6 Plus 61,415 7. Samsung Galaxy A5 (2017) 58,107 8. Motorola Moto G5 Plus 51,782 9. Samsung Galaxy S7 edge 48,084 10. Oppo F1s 44,604 Top 10 by fans   Device Favorites   1. Samsung Galaxy S7 edge 2,065 2. OnePlus 3 1,651 3. Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 1,634 4. Xiaomi Mi 5 1,591 5. Samsung Galaxy S7 1,470 6. HTC 10 1,402 7. LG G5 1,194 8. Huawei Nexus 6P 1,181 9. Xiaomi Mi Mix 819 10. LG V10 803 Home News Reviews Blog Compare Coverage Glossary FAQ RSS feed Facebook Twitter © 2000-2017 GSMArena.com Mobile version Contact us Advertising Privacy Terms of use CDN by
English Hindi Gujarati App Subscription Specials Quotes NAVs Commodities Futures News Forum Notices Videos All Stocks Feedback Sign in Keep me signed in Forgot password? connect with Don’t have an account? My Profile My Portfolio My Watchlist My Messages My Alerts Register New to Moneycontrol - Sign up now Its easy and FREE! Username should be atleast 4 characters Username available Username not available Suggested Usernames Password should be 8 or more characters,atleast 1 number, 1 symbol (except #) & 1 upper case letter Alert Your Password should contain 8 or more characters At least 1 number At least 1 symbol At least 1 upper case letter Keep me signed in OR connect with Logout The story behind Snapdeal's increasing cart of woes Login Register My Portfolio My Watchlist My Messages Sign out Quotes NAVs Commodities Futures News Forum Notices Videos All Auriferous Aqua Farma , 519363 View All Select Language English हिंदी गुजराती Home News Markets Portfolio Watchlist Forum Live TV & Shows Videos Saved Videos Commodities Currencies Mutual Funds Personal Finance Property Specials Invest Now Master Your Money SME Special Real Assets Travel Cafe Tech Control Subscriptions Game Changers Sudarshan Sukhani C. K. Narayan T Gnanasekar Ambareesh Baliga Mecklai Financial Investment Watch Power Your Trade Home #GST #NPA #YogiAdityanath Companies Economy Politics Interviews Property World Announcements #GrowMyMoney #InvestNow News Business Markets Stocks Economy Mutual Funds Personal Finance IPO Politics India World Technology Startups Markets Home Pre-Market Advice Technicals F&O Results IPO All Stats Global Markets Currencies Bonds Tools Terminal Mutual Funds Home Learn Evaluate Buy Track Tools Interact ETFs Investment Watch PowerYourTrade Apps Commodities Startups Opinion Property Home Rates Experts Tools FAQs Real Assets Personal Finance Home Planning Investing Insurance Tax Retirement Loans Credit Cards Real Estate Fixed Income Master Your Money Portfolio Forum Gallery Live TV CNBC-TV18 All Stocks App Subscriptions Specials Feedback Qutoes Quotes NAVs Commodities Futures News Messages Notices Videos All Auriferous Aqua Farma , 519363 Farma x India INE890I01035, FARMAXIND, 590094 Solar Farma chem , 524360 More » you are here: HomeNewsBusiness Mar 24, 2017 08:09 AM IST | Source: NEWS18.com Google India & Ministry of IT launch initiatives for PM Modi's 'new India' Some key areas outlined as part of this initiative include enabling a safe and secure digital payments experience, imparting digital skills for artisans and Android skills training for students and developers. The announcements were made at an event in New Delhi by Aruna Sundarajan, MEITY Secretary, and Rajan Anandan, VP SouthEast Asia and India, Google. In keeping with the Honorable Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s vision of a ‘New India’, Google India and the Ministry of Electronics and Information Technology (MEITY) announced a set of initiatives aimed at empowering citizens and creating abundant opportunities for all. Some key areas outlined as part of this initiative include enabling a safe and secure digital payments experience, imparting digital skills for artisans and Android skills training for students and developers. The announcements were made at an event in New Delhi by Aruna Sundarajan, MEITY Secretary, and Rajan Anandan, VP SouthEast Asia and India, Google. Speaking at the event, Aruna Sundarajan, Secretary, MEITY said “The Ministry of Electronics and IT intends to give impetus to the Hon’ble Prime Minister’s recent call for a 'New India'. Collaboration with Google will be hugely beneficial in harnessing the capabilities of technology for the “India growth” story.” Making the announcements, Rajan Anandan, VP, SouthEast Asia and India, Google said “We are delighted to support Honourable PM Modi’s vision of creating a ‘New india’ where technology unleashes a wave of new opportunities. We are committed to and look forward to working with MEITY across these broad range of initiatives and help every Indian to leverage the power of the Internet.” Digital Payments As India moves to a less cash society through the adoption of digital payments, Google India and MEITY will support the launch of a ‘Digital Payments Security Alliance’ in collaboration with the Data Security Council of India (DSCI). The Alliance will bring together several stakeholders from the ecosystem including Banks, Fintech Companies and Government. The Alliance will enable key initiatives to make security a foundation for India’s twin-pronged Digital and Financial Inclusion Programs. A campaign to create community awareness on safe and secure practices, as users adopt digital/mobile payments, capacity building through appropriate Train the Trainer Programs for CSCs, Financial Inclusion Agencies, will be some of the key priorities. “Digital Unlocked” for Artisans Handicrafts industry with over 7 million artisans provides the second largest source of employment in India, after agriculture. Further, it has a huge impact on export and foreign exchange earnings for the country. Google India which had announced Digital Unlocked, a program to impart training to SMBs earlier this year will extend this training in partnership with MEITY to over 100,000 artisans per year across India. The aim is to enable them to tap into newer markets through improved visibility and discoverability of their products through the internet.The training will be delivered by National Institute of Electronics & Information Technology (NIELIT). Google India will equip the National Institute trainers with training modules and content. And they will, in turn, do the outreach by leveraging the 10,000 NIELIT centres across the country. Additionally, Google India will also provide mobile training labs to reach artisan clusters across India. Skills development The majority of India’s Internet user base today access the Internet from their mobile phones and almost all the future Internet users in India and many of the world’s emerging countries will be mobile only. There is a huge opportunity for India to become a global leader in mobile app development. Towards this, Google had announced the launch of its Android Skilling program with an aim of training two million developers in India. This included developing a specially-designed instructor-led training program course curriculum. Google will extend this course curriculum to the National Institute of Electronics and Information Technology (NIELIT) who will in turn train over 100K developers and students through its network of centres. Other initiatives that Google India and MEITY will undertake in India include: proliferating the Indic web; enhancing government’s online presence especially on mobile platforms to enable citizen engagement and training and capacity building programs on digital tools.Google India with its mission of Internet for every Indian has been very focussed on solving for the next billion users who’re not online. Bringing fast, high quality Internet access; building products that perform even when there is low connectivity; make the web more accessible and useful for Indic language speakers; increasing internet usage amongst women in rural India and skills development for developers and SMBs are some of its key initiatives. tags #Business #Google India #Ministry of Electronics and Information Technology #Narendra Modi #Prime Minister Related news Business UP govt mulling various options to waive farmers' loans Mar 28, 2017 10:46 PM Business Principal Sessions Court rejects bail plea for Stayzilla founder Mar 28, 2017 10:12 PM Business Truecaller ties up with Airtel, ICICI Bank and Google Duo Mar 28, 2017 10:00 PM Business Toshiba's Westinghouse to file for US bankruptcy Tuesday: Sources Mar 28, 2017 09:01 PM Business PVR sees 90% jump in revenue to Rs 4,000 cr in 5 yrs Mar 28, 2017 08:51 PM Business Govt reduces number of ports to 14 for imports of scrap Mar 28, 2017 08:45 PM Business Xiaomi to create over 20,000 jobs in India in 3 years Mar 28, 2017 08:41 PM Business SBI to raise stake in SBI Card to 74 pc by June-end Mar 28, 2017 08:35 PM Business IRFC declares Rs 340 cr as dividend for 2016-17 Mar 28, 2017 08:23 PM News Most Popular Top News Maybe it's time for hostile takeovers; govt must back honest risks: Uday Kotak D-Mart bumper listing: Should you buy, book profits or hold shares? Govt wants to ban cash transactions above Rs 2 lakh Will auction Aamby Valley if Rs 5,000 cr not paid: SC to Sahara Trade Setup for Wednesday: Top 10 things you should know before Opening Bell Kotak Mahindra Bank to hold press conference tomorrow. Is Axis merger on cards? Modi govt warns against use of Bitcoins, says can attract anti-money laundering law Tata Motors to launch Tigor tomorrow: Is it worth your money? see more Video of the day Need cos to start delivering on growth; see Sensex at 29K by Dec: Sanjay Mookim Portfolio Markets Watchlist Live TV Show Currencies Commodities Fixed Income Personal Finance Mutual Fund Stock Market India IPO Global Market Budget 2017 BSE Sensex Forum News Business Markets Stocks Economy Mutual Funds Personal Finance IPO Startups Stocks: A | B | C | D | E | F | G | H | I | J | K | L | M | N | O | P | Q | R | S | T | U | V | W | X | Y | Z | Others Mutual Funds: A | B | C | D | E | F | G | H | I | J | K | L | M | N | O | P | Q | R | S | T | U | V | W | X | Y | Z Visit the App Store to see all our apps: Tools Retirement Planning EMI Calculator SIP Calculator SIP Planner Useful Links Budget 2016 Live Sensex Public Sector Banks Best Portfolio Manager Small Savings Schemes Bonds Specials Master Your Money Gamechanger Travelcafe SME Special Investment Watch Power your Ttade MoneyBhai Focus Grow My Money GE Step Ahead SME Step Up Feedback & Info feedback@moneycontrol.com About us | Contact Us | Feedback | Disclaimer | Privacy Statement | Terms of Use | Careers | Financial Terms (Glossary) | Sitemap | RSS Feed Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express writtern permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited. Sections » Home » Forum » IPO » Markets » Mutual Funds » Budget 2017 » Commodities » Real Asset » News » Currencies » SME Special » Portfolio » Fixed Income » Watchlist » Property » Stock List » MF List » Glossary » Sitemap » Live TV & Shows » Personal Finance » Power Your Trade Desktop Version » Follow us on Available On Disclaimer | Terms of Use | Privacy Statement | Sitemap | Feedback Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd All rights resderved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express writtern permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
clock menu more-arrow Log In or Sign Up Log In Sign Up Tech Science Culture Cars Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker Forums TL;DR more Tech Apple Google Microsoft Apps Photography Virtual Reality Business Design All Tech Science Space Energy Health Environment All Science Culture Web TV Film Games Comics Music All Culture Cars Ride-Sharing Cars Mass Transit Aviation Rideables All Transportation Reviews Phones Laptops Cameras Tablets Headphones Smartwatches VR Headsets This is my Next All Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker Forums TL;DR ✕ Google Tech Android Google reportedly removing Hangouts’ SMS messaging to make it a better Slack rival New, 62 comments by Rich McCormick Mar 23, 2017, 10:32pm EDT share tweet Linkedin Google is removing the ability to send and receive SMS messages from its Hangouts service in May, according to an email sent to its G Suite administrators. The email, posted in its entirety on Reddit, says that Google will cut the option from the app on May 22nd, and will prompt users to find a new default messaging service beforehand. Google Voice users will still be able to text Users of Hangouts’ Android app will see a message from March 27th informing them of the upcoming removal of SMS functions. If they have another chat app installed, Hangouts will ask them to select it as the default; if they don’t, the app will direct them to the Google Play Store to find a new alternative. For Google Voice users, it’s a little more complicated: people who send carrier SMS messages via Hangouts will no longer have the option to do so from May 22nd, but those who just send SMS via their Google Voice numbers will be able to continue as before. The change comes as Google shifts Hangouts’ focus, repositioning the messaging service to take on workplace communications tool Slack. While the removal of a feature isn’t usually cause for celebration, it’s probably a wise move in a world where Google already has a dizzying array of chat apps — including mobile-only video-centric Duo, text-based chat app Allo, and the recently announced Android Messages. It’s this last app that’s designed to handle Google’s consumer SMS service, and it’s probably a good idea to download it now, ahead of time, if you’re still using Hangouts for your texts. More From The Verge The Hawai’ian volcano that created a spectacular firehose of lava just collapsed Apple, Facebook, Google, and 94 others file opposition to Trump's immigration ban Google’s Super Bowl ad accidentally set off a lot of Google Homes Lady Gaga opened her Super Bowl performance with a protest anthem Trump is turning Elon Musk into a crony capitalist Why the sounds of eating make some people so angry Now Trending Elon Musk launches Neuralink, a venture to merge the human brain with AI Rockets, cars, and now brain chips The Galaxy S8 will be Samsung's biggest test ever Everything to prove, everything to lose Command Line Command Line delivers daily updates from the near-future. email address... Subscribe By signing up you agree to our terms of use. This Article has a component height of 5. The sidebar size is short. Loading comments... The Latest Hackers promised an iCloud apocalypse — but probably can't deliver by Russell Brandom Harvest your pet’s fur and wear it as a watch band by Ashley Carman 1 comment / new Trump trades the planet for a few coal jobs in a doomed industry by Alessandra Potenza 25 comments / new The real story behind Stories is advertising by Nilay Patel 5 comments / new With S-Town, the makers of Serial test the waters of binge-listening by Andrew Liptak Excel for Windows now supports real-time multi-author editing by Natt Garun 7 comments / new Chorus Terms of Use Privacy Policy Communications Preferences Contact Tip Us Community Guidelines About Ethics Statement All Systems Operational Check out our status page for more details. Vox Media Advertise with us Jobs @ Vox Media © 2017 Vox Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved tweet share
Slashdot Stories Firehose All Popular Polls Deals Submit Search Slashdot Login or Sign up Topics: Devices Build Entertainment Technology Open Source Science YRO Follow us: RSS Facebook Google+ Twitter Newsletter Slashdot is powered by your submissions, so send in your scoop   Nickname: Password: Public Terminal Forgot your password? Close binspamdupenotthebestofftopicslownewsdaystalestupid freshfunnyinsightfulinterestingmaybe offtopicflamebaittrollredundantoverrated insightfulinterestinginformativefunnyunderrated descriptive typodupeerror DEAL: For $25 - Add A Second Phone Number To Your Smartphone for life! Use promo code SLASHDOT25. Also, Slashdot's Facebook page has a chat bot now. Message it for stories and more. Check out the new SourceForge HTML5 internet speed test! × 89997109 story Google Reducing Trust In Symantec Certificates Following Numerous Slip-Ups (bleepingcomputer.com) 77 Posted by BeauHD on Thursday March 23, 2017 @09:25PM from the play-by-the-rules dept. An anonymous Slashdot reader writes from a report via BleepingComputer: Google Chrome engineers announced plans to gradually remove trust in old Symantec SSL certificates and intent to reduce the accepted validity period of newly issued Symantec certificates, following repeated slip-ups on the part of Symantec. Google's decision comes after the conclusion of an investigation that started on January 19, which unearthed several problems with Symantec's certificate issuance process, such as 30,000 misused certificates. In September 2015, Google also discovered that Symantec issued SSL certificates for Google.com without authorization. Symantec blamed the incident on three rogue employees, whom it later fired. This move from Google will force all owners of older Symantec certificates to request a new one. Google hopes that by that point, Symantec would have revamped its infrastructure and will be following the rules agreed upon by all the other CAs and browser makers. chrome google internet ← Related Links → Twitter Considers Premium Version After 11 Years As a Free Service Google Threatens Action Against Symantec After Botched Investigation US Ordered 'Mandatory Social Media Check' For Visa Applicants Who Visited ISIS Territory Google Reducing Trust In Symantec Certificates Following Numerous Slip-Ups More | Reply Login Google Reducing Trust In Symantec Certificates Following Numerous Slip-Ups Post Load All Comments  Full  Abbreviated  Hidden /Sea Score: 5 4 3 2 1 0 -1 More | Reply Login   Nickname: Password: Public Terminal Forgot your password? Close Close Search 77 Comments Log In/Create an Account Comments Filter: All Insightful Informative Interesting Funny The Fine Print: The following comments are owned by whoever posted them. We are not responsible for them in any way. Re: (Score:1) by syn3rg ( 530741 ) writes: From the link; Huawei Symantec and Symantec Corporation are two separate entities. 1 reply beneath your current threshold. Bluecoat (Score:5, Informative) by Anonymous Coward writes: on Thursday March 23, 2017 @09:51PM (#54100007) They issued root faking ability to bluecoat. Their certs are untrustable at this point. Reply to This Parent Share twitter facebook linkedin Flag as Inappropriate Re: Bluecoat (Score:5, Insightful) by bsDaemon ( 87307 ) writes: on Thursday March 23, 2017 @10:49PM (#54100235) Also, they straight bought out BC, meaning a major root CA owns a major SSL/TLS intercept platform as well. But of course, we can trust them... Reply to This Parent Share twitter facebook linkedin Flag as Inappropriate 1 reply beneath your current threshold. 1 reply beneath your current threshold. Re: (Score:2) by mysidia ( 191772 ) writes: They issued root faking ability to bluecoat. Their certs are untrustable at this point. Cool. Can we get someone who owns one of the Bluecoat appliances to extract the private key that it's using to sign the SSL intercept certs with? Re: (Score:2) by phayes ( 202222 ) writes: The root certs in question were not widely deployed and were revoked long ago not that that excuses the CA from issuing them. Re: (Score:2) by mysidia ( 191772 ) writes: The root certs in question were not widely deployed and were revoked long ago not that that excuses the CA from issuing them. It could still be useful if someone were to extract them on one of the few deployments in existence..... Just because the cert has been "Revoked", does not mean people are not still running around with hardware or software that will trust it. Because many applications don't even bother to check for revocation, example: Firefox doesn't check CRLs, instead they have their own pro 1 reply beneath your current threshold. Re: (Score:2) by Mr0bvious ( 968303 ) writes: Symantec, really... Symantec... You mean they once had trust? What a strange world we live in. And you're trying to tell me we're *not* living in a simulation? Re: Pass the security (Score:2) by slashrio ( 2584709 ) writes: If your security depends on trust in private companies then you really are in trouble. 1 reply beneath your current threshold. 1 reply beneath your current threshold. Re: (Score:3) by Z00L00K ( 682162 ) writes: More important is that this further highlights that the "trust" system as it is designed today is broken. The trust system is based on that you get a default trust of a few CAs in the top, and if one is compromised the house of card suffers severely. And what happens if a CA is ordered by a government to provide false certificates? We can't know if that's the case or not because it will look identical to a real certificate unless it's inspected on a very low level and compared with the certificates assigned Re: (Score:2) by Billly Gates ( 198444 ) writes: Fine. You have a better solution? Active Directory on corporate networks work the same way with trusts on other domains. DNS root servers too have trusts before they replicate. Re: (Score:2) by TheRaven64 ( 641858 ) writes: Step one: Any browser that cares about security MUST stop regarding https with CA certificates as any more trustworthy that self-signed certificates or plain http. Why? Plain HTTP can be compromised by anyone on a hop between you and your destination. HTTPS with a self-signed certificate can be compromised by anyone on a hop between you and your destination, but can be detected if you do certificate pinning or certificate transparency. HTTPS with a signed cert can only be compromised with cooperation from a CA. The set of people that can compromise signed HTTPS is significantly lower than the set that can compromise self-signed HTTPS. Re: (Score:2) by Billly Gates ( 198444 ) writes: Step one: Any browser that cares about security MUST stop regarding https with CA certificates as any more trustworthy that self-signed certificates or plain http. Why? Plain HTTP can be compromised by anyone on a hop between you and your destination. HTTPS with a self-signed certificate can be compromised by anyone on a hop between you and your destination, but can be detected if you do certificate pinning or certificate transparency. HTTPS with a signed cert can only be compromised with cooperation from a CA. The set of people that can compromise signed HTTPS is significantly lower than the set that can compromise self-signed HTTPS. I remember in the days of IE 6 and me opening questionable porn in my youth I would get slow or weird responses from HTTP websites. I do an ipconfig of the name of the site. I then disconnect and then reboot and or sometimes do a ipconfig /release and VIOLA now when I do an ipconfig it points to a different IP address. MITM was quite on occurrence in the old days. Of course if my DNS is pointing to somewhere else it means my PC was probably compromised but my point is changing something and a ipconfig /relea 1 reply beneath your current threshold. Re: (Score:2) by Z00L00K ( 682162 ) writes: The difference now is that many hackers have developed tools for MITM attacks on https. And it still doesn't validate that sites running https are seen as more trustworthy and allows the browser to do more. In addition to that - realize that with increased number of parties involved the security issues increases. I would prefer that my bank signed their own certificates and sent a keycard to me with the certificate that I should use combined with the CA certificate for the bank. That way only two parts are in Re: (Score:3) by TheRaven64 ( 641858 ) writes: The difference now is that many hackers have developed tools for MITM attacks on https. Yes and the same tools work with a self-signed cert or with HTTP. To make them work with HTTPS and a signed cert, you need to have a compromised CA signing cert. This is still currently mostly limited to nation-state adversaries. Re: (Score:2) by Z00L00K ( 682162 ) writes: No, you don't understand that - if you have three involved in a certificate management you have a higher risk than if you have two involved where you have exchanged the certificate validation only between those two parts. A certificate created where one of the parts is a private CA is what you need for best security, and that's essentially what a self-signed certificate is. But if you don't validate the certificate at either end to ensure that the signer is a valid signer you have a MITM attack possibility, True. Anyone who has ever called a locksmith knows (Score:2) by raymorris ( 2726007 ) writes: What you've said is exactly right. Anyone who has ever called a locksmith because they were locked out of their house or car understands two things: 1) They weren't able to get in without the key - it was secure. 2) The locksmith got in without a key, probably in under 2 minutes. It was not secure. Security is a quantitative thing, not a binary thing. You can ask HOW secure something is. Asking "is it secure, yes or no?" is folly. Standard TLS (https) is much more secure than plain text (http). Standard TLS conn 1 reply beneath your current threshold. 2 replies beneath your current threshold. 1 reply beneath your current threshold. Re: (Score:2) by AmiMoJo ( 196126 ) writes: The only defence we have is that if a CA was forced to issue a cert and it was discovered in the wild, it would destroy the CA. Well, that and certificate pinning for important sites. Even if a government did get a cert for google.com, Chrome would not accept it because the google.com cert is pinned. 1 reply beneath your current threshold. 1 reply beneath your current threshold. 1 reply beneath your current threshold. Objective Case (Score:2) by kamapuaa ( 555446 ) writes: Are editors asleep at the wheel? Google fired the employees, so the employees should be addressed in the objective case. Whom it later fired, not who. Re: (Score:2) by whoever57 ( 658626 ) writes: I would say "you must be new here", but I see from your ID that you have been reading Slashdot for many years. Re: Objective Case (Score:2) by Zero__Kelvin ( 151819 ) writes: A low ID indicates the account was created a long time ago. It doesn't say anything about how long he has been actually reading Slashduh articles. Re: (Score:2) by BronsCon ( 927697 ) writes: Indeed, this is true. I've been reading /. practically since day 1, yet I have a high 6 digit ID. Re: (Score:1) by Desler ( 1608317 ) writes: You do realize that this site has always been accessible and viewable all without an account, right? Re: (Score:2) by bill_mcgonigle ( 4333 ) * writes: Objectively, it was Symantec that fired the employees. Re: (Score:1) by Anonymous Coward writes: If you hired a law firm and obtained the services of a specific lawyer who was extremely negligent and completely threw your case to the wolves, do you find fault with the specific lawyer, or the law firm that you actually have the contract through? It's similar here - you do not buy your Symantec SSL cert from one of those three rogue employees, but rather from Symantec itself. It is the entire company that bears the burden of the misdeeds of any of its employees. Re: (Score:1) by Desler ( 1608317 ) writes: Google fired Symantec's employees? lolwut? 1 reply beneath your current threshold. The Dying Days of the Certificate industry (Score:5, Interesting) by rahvin112 ( 446269 ) writes: on Thursday March 23, 2017 @10:39PM (#54100187) If there is one thing the certificate industry has proven it's that you can't trust any of them. The only solution is the automated solutions like the non-profit Let's encrypt have built. You know it's a good cert because only the person in control of the domain could get it. And I'll tell you what even with it's warts I trust it way more than I trust these damn companies that have 4 year olds signing off on certificate procedures and handing certificates to anyone with the cash. Ultimately it's going to be movements like Let's Encrypt that fix this trust issue by taking it out of the hands of people trying to make a buck on "trust" when none of them could be trusted. Reply to This Share twitter facebook linkedin Flag as Inappropriate Re: (Score:2) by skids ( 119237 ) writes: You know it's a good cert because only the person in control of the domain could get it. ...or anyone p0wning enough of their services at any particular time. Re: (Score:3, Informative) by Anonymous Coward writes: And? If somebody is capable of getting into the system far enough that they can spoof the authentication methods Let's Encrypt uses to verify ownership/control of the domain, they can also, in all likelihood, gain access to the private key as well. If they can gain access to the private key, then that's it: game over. Doesn't matter what you do, TLS is not going to save your customers' hides. The only way to deal with that problem is to lock down the server so they can't get back in, and create a new certific Re: (Score:2) by skids ( 119237 ) writes: There are various attack vectors that allow spoofing of those creds without access to the private key. What such an attacker can't likely do is answer an on-premises phone call from an extended validation CA to get a new cert for the domain in question. Don't get me wrong -- letsencrypt is a good thing for encouraging at least the possibility of security among those who cannot afford a real CA. But no fully automated system will ever be able to offer better guarantees than a staffed-up CA (not that all staff Re: (Score:2) by Billly Gates ( 198444 ) writes: You have a better solution? You want the US government deciding instead like ICAAN in addition to being a central point of exploit? If you let others self sign that means you risk having the private keys known and it's game over. Let's encrypt has same problem in which they can screw up and hand out extra certificates. Also if they are hacked and private key is leaked then game over the Internet is done as we know it. This makes me not want lots of players on the CA space 1 reply beneath your current threshold. Re: (Score:3) by AmiMoJo ( 196126 ) writes: Let's Encrypt doesn't verify identity, which is one of the major functions of the certificate system. The certs that Let's Encrypt offer are enough to enable HTTPS, but not to confirm the identity of the organization running the web site. Such a cert won't give you confidence that randombank.com is actually being run by Random Bank Inc. Put another way, if you managed to register gooogle.com you could get a Let's Encrypt cert for it. What certificate authorities are supposed to do is verify that the person r 1 reply beneath your current threshold. Re: The Dying Days of the Certificate industry (Score:1) by Anonymous Coward writes: That's right. Just as we fixed the crooked financial industry by starting our own distributed currency, Bitcoin, which has never had any problem. 2 replies beneath your current threshold. Symantec's take on security (Score:3) by Plocmstart ( 718110 ) writes: on Thursday March 23, 2017 @11:28PM (#54100345) I met a marketing exec at the Freescale Technology Forum in Austin last May. Their take on things was the good 'ol way was still the best way. I need to find his business card since he said he'd buy me lunch if Bitcoin was still around a year later. Reply to This Share twitter facebook linkedin Flag as Inappropriate 1 reply beneath your current threshold. Why do we need CAs at all? (Score:1) by Anonymous Coward writes: Can someone explain to me why domains don't just include a public key in their DNS record (signed all the way up to a root authority), and to verify the site you're connecting to is indeed that site, you ask that site to sign a random number with their matching private key? Why, exactly, are we still fucking around with certificate authorities, decades after having the knowledge, ability, and incentive, of being able to implement something like the above? Re:Why do we need CAs at all? (Score:4, Interesting) by jonwil ( 467024 ) writes: on Friday March 24, 2017 @12:48AM (#54100591) What you suggest exists. Its called DANE. However browser vendors (like Google and Mozilla) have been reluctant to implement it because there are many real-world cases where DNS servers of various sorts simply dont support DNSSEC and DANE and also because DNSSEC and DANE use weaker 1024 bit keys in some places (chosen to keep bandwidth usage lower). Reply to This Parent Share twitter facebook linkedin Flag as Inappropriate Re: (Score:2) by chihowa ( 366380 ) writes: Browser vendors like (Google, Mozilla, Microsoft, and Apple) don't support DANE because they're big enough to each run their own trusted (by the other browsers) CA and so they don't feel the pain of having to buy certificates and "trust" third parties. They're fully invested in the CA model: sometimes charging for continued inclusion on their root CA lists and other times proposing standards that further cement the mandatory role of CAs (Certificate Transparency). Just like you'll never see laws that are gen "Signed all the way". That's just a different CA (Score:3) by raymorris ( 2726007 ) writes: > Can someone explain to me why domains don't just include a public key in their DNS record (signed all the way up to a root authority) ... > Why, exactly, are we still fucking around with certificate authorities Okay, so the DNS record would have a signed certificate. You'd have "the root authority" sign certificates? You would trust this authority for certificates, and this "certificate signing authority" would be better than having a certificate authority? What you've suggested can be said more Re: (Score:2) by JesseMcDonald ( 536341 ) writes: You still have CA, you've just decided that the CA needs to be the same people who run DNS, because ... well no good reason that I can think of. What does that gain you? First, this is for Domain Validation certificates only. The normal CA process would still apply if you wanted an EV certificate—though you could restrict your domain to a specific EV certificate for additional security. If someone has control over your domain records they can already obtain a DV certificate for your domain from just about any CA by redirecting the domain to their own servers. What DANE buys you is all the security you would get with Domain Validation minus the need to deal with two dif There are 900 .com registrars (Score:2) by raymorris ( 2726007 ) writes: > there are only three entities you need to trust: the domain administrator for "example.com.", the registrar for "com.", and the root authority. There are 900 registrars handling .com, any of which can issue a transfer and change the root DNS servers for any .com domain. Re: (Score:2) by JesseMcDonald ( 536341 ) writes: There are 900 registrars handling .com, any of which can issue a transfer and change the root DNS servers for any .com domain. So they don't keep track of which registrars are responsible for which domains? That does seem a bit messed up, if true. My impression was that there was a formal process registrars had to go through to transfer control over a domain name—or does that only restrict domain owners, and not registrars? If the control over .com domains is really as chaotic as you say then that is a separate issue that ought to be addressed independent of DANE or DNSSEC. Even so, DANE still gives you the benefit of domain v Re: (Score:2) by chihowa ( 366380 ) writes: The registrar doesn't sign the TLD, the administrator for that TLD does. So for .com, it's Verisign. Re: (Score:2) by JesseMcDonald ( 536341 ) writes: Right, but if Verisign allows any registrar to update DS records for any domain, and not just the ones they're individually responsible for, then a registrar other than your own could push a malicious DS record for your domain into the TLD where it would be duly signed by Verisign, and you're back to trusting 900 separate registrars rather than just your own authorized registrar and Verisign. The TLD should only allow one registrar to update any given domain. Poor Symantec (Score:2) by freeze128 ( 544774 ) writes: Poor Symantec. Google is making their CA business worthless. Microsoft is making their antivirus business worthless. What's left? VPN? Re: (Score:3) by campuscodi ( 4234297 ) writes: No it's not. Let's Encrypt is even a bigger offender. Example: Let's Encrypt issued over 15,000 certificates for domains containing PayPal in their name (obvious phishing sites): https://crt.sh/?identity=paypa... [crt.sh] Re: (Score:1) by Anonymous Coward writes: I don't see any certs in that list issued for "paypal.com" however. Unless you can show that the owner of any of those domains was not the one(s) to have the certificate issued for that domain, then Let's Encrypt has done their part of the job in full. For example, the cert issued for "www.paypal-securepyment.flu.cc" is and only ever was intended to ensure that you are speaking to the server under the same name. Class 1 certs are not and never were intended to go further, and make no claims that domain/cert/se That explains the "not entirely secure" note on (Score:2) by sabbede ( 2678435 ) writes: the Treasury department's Inspector General's page that I used to report an IRS phishing call. 11 replies beneath your current threshold. There may be more comments in this discussion. Without JavaScript enabled, you might want to turn on Classic Discussion System in your preferences instead. Related Links Top of the: day, week, month. 1368 commentsSilicon Valley Investors Call For California To Secede From the US After Trump Win 1058 commentsTwitters Says It Will Ban Trump If He Breaks Hate-Speech Rules 982 commentsAsk Slashdot: Would You Recommend Updating To Windows 10? 978 commentsTwitter Suspends American Far-Right Activists' Accounts 917 commentsFormer Engineer Says Uber Is a Nightmare of Sexism; CEO Orders Urgent Investigation next US Ordered 'Mandatory Social Media Check' For Visa Applicants Who Visited ISIS Territory 197 comments previous Twitter Considers Premium Version After 11 Years As a Free Service 84 comments Slashdot Top Deals Slashdot Post Moderate Moderator Help Delete Get more comments 77 of 77 loaded Submit Story FORTUNE'S FUN FACTS TO KNOW AND TELL: A firefly is not a fly, but a beetle. FAQ Story Archive Hall of Fame Advertising Terms Privacy Opt Out Choices About Feedback Mobile View Blog Trademarks property of their respective owners. Comments owned by the poster. Copyright © 2017 SlashdotMedia. All Rights Reserved. Close Close Slashdot Working...
9to5Mac 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Android Chrome/OS Guides Android Android Wear Android Auto Nexus Chromebook Google Apps Android TV YouTube Trending in Google Corporate Google Pixel XL 5 months later: The ups and downs of owning Google’s first proper flagship Trending in Google Corporate The Best Chromebook: Samsung Chromebook Plus/Pro vs ASUS Chromebook Flip C302CA Trending in Google Corporate Chromecast vs Android TV: What is Google’s best solution for big screen entertainment? Trending in Google Corporate Best Android phones you can buy [March 2017] Trending in Google Corporate Comment: A few months later, and my Google Home is indispensable – and I’ve only scratched the surface Trending in Google Corporate Review: Samsung Chromebook Plus has a display and build worthy of Android apps [Video] March 23 GOOG: 817.58 -12.01 Google reportedly removing SMS capabilities from Hangouts in May, Voice users exempted Abner Li - Mar. 23rd 2017 6:21 pm PT @technacity Apps & Updates Google Hangouts View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit Earlier this month, Google finally announced its rebranded Hangouts Chat focussed on the enterprise. With the company also showing renewed focus on Android Messages as the platform’s defacto RCS client, it makes sense for Hangouts to eventually lose its SMS capabilities. In an email reportedly sent to G Suite administrators, that change will take place in May. Nintendo Switch The move is described as part of an ongoing effort to improve “the most popular features” of Hangouts, which Google considers to be group chat and video conferencing. In light of more consumer-focused alternatives like Android Messages and Google moving away from a unified messaging app, it makes sense that carrier SMS text messaging is finally being stripped out.  The transition will begin next week with current users seeing an in-app prompt that asks them to choose another default messaging app. If none is installed, they will be directed to the Play Store​. As the ability to set a default SMS client is built into Android, previous messages will be accessible in the new app. On May 22, SMS features will completely stop functioning in Hangouts. Notably, Google Voice users are exempted with existing sending and receiving capabilities continuing to function past that deadline. This email is not confirmed, bit it makes sense for Google to first begin alerting enterprise customers to this change. The prompt for users should begin appearing in March 27th Abner Li @technacity Is interested in the minutiae of Google and Alphabet. Tips/talk: abner@9to5g.com Favorite Gear Fitbit Charge 2 Breath of the Wild Joy-Con Guides Google Hangouts View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options. Post to Cancel
Indiatimes|The Times of India|The Economic Times : HI, My Times LOGOUTSign In Business More Beauty Pageants Photos Videos More Fashion Specials Debate Photos Videos Platinum Times of India More HomeHome Videos City India World Business Tech Cricket Sports Entertainment TV Life & Style Photos TIMES NEWS - RADIO Elections 2017 Brandwire Yearender 2016 Good Governance Business India Business International Business Photos Videos PSUs Sectors Sectors Agriculture Aviation Corporate Economy Energy Markets Personal Finance Real Estate Services Telecom Budget Highlights Tax Calculator Small Business More ALL News » Business » International Business News » YouTube's bid to grab TV dollars imperiled by advertiser revolt Cash withdrawal limits to go from March 13: RBI PM Modi launches digital payments app BHIM Luxury hotels better off this year than in 2015: Experts Apple's 'conditions' to manufacture iPhones in India Netflix joins hands with Red Chillies Entertainment Cyrus Mistry voted out as director at EGM Apple unveils red iPhone Exclusive with Airbnb CEO Idea, Vodafone merger GST inches closer to July 1 rollout Paytm launches mobile payment services 'Re-examine RJio's free offers' YouTube's bid to grab TV dollars imperiled by advertiser revolt ALPHABET-YOUTUBE/:YouTube's bid to grab TV dollars imperiled by advertiser revoltReuters | Mar 24, 2017, 07.30 AM IST By Julia Love, Jessica Toonkel and Tim Baysinger March 23 (Reuters) - The decision by a handful of high-profile consumer brands to pull advertising from Google's YouTube over offensive content could threaten the site's long-term strategy of stealing ad dollars from television, analysts and ad industry professionals said Thursday. The immediate financial impact of the controversy is likely to be limited, in part because a big chunk of YouTube revenue comes from smaller advertisers who lack the budget for TV campaigns and do not have easy alternatives. Some analysts also believe that departing advertisers, eager to reach YouTube's millennial audience, will quickly return. But with "brand safety" emerging as a major concern for marketers amid a surge in hate speech and other types of offensive content across the internet, the widespread assumption that major advertisers are ready to shift large chunks of their budgets from TV to digital now looks much more dubious. The timing may also favor television networks as they usually present their fall line-ups and woo big advertisers starting in May, agency executives said. YouTube, part of Alphabet Inc, has spent years courting big brands that spend hundreds of millions annually on air time. But over the past week, companies including Verizon Communications Inc, AT&T Inc and Johnson & Johnson have canceled their YouTube ad deals. "Video is actually a lot more fragile of an ecosystem than the Silicon Valley, software-eats-everything crowd may want to think," said Joel Espelien, a senior analyst at the Diffusion Group, which studies the future of television. "The point is all content isn't actually the same, all advertising isn't actually all the same. There is an element of taste. And when you ruin that, the whole thing does kind of start to fall apart." Google offers little visibility into YouTube's financial performance, but analysts view it as a key driver for the company's growth as its traditional search advertising business matures. Analyst Mark Mahaney of RBC Capital Markets estimates YouTube will bring in about $14 billion in revenue this year. Alphabet shares have fallen more than 3 percent since Monday, closing at $839.65 on Thursday. Whether the recent events are a mere blip on the radar for Google or a harbinger of bigger problems to come may depend on whether the company can quickly improve its technical tools to give advertisers more control over where their ads appear. YouTube has begun reviewing its advertising policies and will take steps to give advertisers more control, Philipp Schindler, Google's chief business officer, wrote in a blog post on Tuesday. Google also plans to hire more people for its review team and refine its artificial intelligence - a key step, since much of the ad-serving is handled by automation. Eric Schmidt, executive chairman of Alphabet, acknowledged in a Fox News interview that ads appearing next to videos promoting hate speech or advocating violence had slipped through the digital cracks in Google's elaborate ad-serving systems. "We match ads and the content, but because we source the ads from everywhere, every once in a while somebody gets underneath the algorithm and they put in something that doesn't match," Schmidt said. "We've had to tighten our policies and actually increase our manual review time and so I think we're going to be OK." But Google's public statements have done little to assuage advertisers' fears, said David Cohen, president, North America, for media buying firm Magna Global. Privately, Google has gone into more detail about how it plans to combat the issue, including ratcheting up its algorithms to better categorize content and being more stringent about how content is labeled, Cohen said. But such additional controls would reduce the percentage of content that carries advertising and could disrupt the vibrant community of independent creators on YouTube, who drive traffic to the site and rely on revenue-sharing from advertising. YouTube faces a special imperative to keep creators happy as rivals such as Facebook Inc and Twitter Inc try to court talent for their own platforms, said Hank Green, a prominent YouTube creator who runs the VidCon conference. "YouTube has a decade-long head start, but obviously everyone wants a piece of the pie," he said. Even before the most recent revelations about YouTube, control over online ad placement had become a hot button topic for advertisers. Social networks and news aggregators came under fire during and after the U.S. presidential election for spreading fake news reports, and advertisers have also sought to avoid having their brands appear beside content that they categorize as hate speech. "Between non-human traffic and fraud, fake news and hate speech, brands are more concerned than ever," said Marc Goldberg, CEO of Trust Metrics, a New York-based company that addresses ad fraud. (Reporting by Julia Love in San Francisco and Jessica Toonkel and Tim Baysinger in New York; Editing by Jonathan Weber and Lisa Shumaker) Stay updated on the go with Times of India News App. Click here to download it for your device. (This story has not been edited by timesofindia.com and is auto–generated from a syndicated feed we subscribe to.) RELATED From around the web His Insane Backyard Pool Idea is Actually Genius (Pics) Grizly The Inside Of Leonardo Dicaprio's House Is Far From What Y.. Lonny 30 Puppy Bellies That Make Everything Okay LV More from The Times of India Why do you ask when I’ll die, Jethmalani asks SC Jayasudha's husband Nitin Kapoor commits suicide Watch: ‘Half Girlfriend’ motion poster From the Web More From The Times of India Do You Come From Royal Blood? Your Last Name May Tell You.Ancestry Save Over $150 On The Feature-Rich, Feather-Light & Busine..Microsoft Here’s Why Guys Are Obsessed With This Underwear…The Weekly Brief | Mack Weldon 8 Shops to See in the Changi AirportYour Singapore Top Business Phone Offers You Shouldn't Pass Up.Business Phone Offers Actor Ravi Baswani passes away - Times of India 22-year-old becomes youngest IIT teacher - Times of India 46 Assam mullahs issue fatwa against singer Nahid Afrin ‘Sleep with a brahmin to rid yourself of doshas' bjp owaisi: Asaduddin Owaisi says Muslim vote-bank is a myth ViewcommentsPost a comment All Comments ()+^ Back to Top Characters Remaining: 3000 Continue without login or Login from existing accountFacebookGoogleEmail Share on FacebookShare on Twitter Refrain from posting comments that are obscene, defamatory or inflammatory, and do not indulge in personal attacks, name calling or inciting hatred against any community. Help us delete comments that do not follow these guidelines by marking them offensive. Let's work together to keep the conversation civil. HIDE+ All CommentsYour Activity SortUpVotedNewestOldestDiscussedDown Voted Be the first one to review. We have sent you a verification email. To verify, just follow the link in the message Follow / Like us at @timesofindia Most Popular In Lok Sabha, Yogi Adityanath takes a dig at Rahul-Akhilesh partnership Adityanath to officials: Make 30 UP districts open defecation free by Dec Kohli alleges disrespect to Team India physio; Smith rubbishes charge Top colleges ranked by the prettiest girl students Ad: Fropky YES Bank launches $650 million QIP issue Private sector lender YES Bank launched a QIP issue of up to $650 million, six months after a similar attempt to raise funds had ended in a fiasco. In an announcement to NSE, the bank said it has set the floor price at Rs 1,498.95 per share. The base size of the QIP is $650 million with a $100 million upsize option. StayZilla founder Yogendra Vasupal's bail plea dismissed StayZilla founder Yogendra Vasupal was denied bail today by the Special Metropolitan Magistrate court for CCB-CBCID cases after nine days of judicial custody in an alleged case of cheating an offline marketing vendor. From around the Web The Most Addicting Shopping Site For Women Tophatter The Car Insurance Secret Is Revealed. Check The Pricing He.. Car Insurance Offers Wild Wolf Caught A Dog - What Happend Next Was Unbelievable College Freakz This Is How You Can Get Rid Of Your Glasses. Lasik Offers More From The Times of India Mollywood's lesbian outing TOI White man shouts 'go back to Lebanon' to Sikh-American girl Times of India OMG: Kajol gets a surgery to look fair? - Times of India Times of India Read Morezlatan ibrahimovic kim kallstromYouTubeverizon communications inc at&t incTwitter IncTurkey Navbharat Times Featured Today In Travel From our Global Partners Palm oil may fall more to 2,730 ringgit Brent oil may retest resistance at $50.97 Taiwan stocks flat after govt unveils stimulus package, cbank keeps rate steady Australia's healthcare stocks rise; U.S. healthcare bill voting rescheduled 1YouTube's bid to grab TV dollars imperiled by advertiser revolt 2Palm oil may fall more to 2,730 ringgit 3Brent oil may retest resistance at $50.97 4Taiwan stocks flat after govt unveils stimulus package, cbank keeps rate steady 5Australia's healthcare stocks rise; U.S. healthcare bill voting rescheduled Other Times Group news sites The Economic Times Mumbai Mirror IGN India Hindi Econimic Times Times Now NavGujarat Samay Pune Mirror Tamil Samayam Bangalore Mirror Maharashtra Times Telugu Samayam Ahmedabad Mirror Go Green Miss Kyra ItsMyAscent Lifehacker India Hindi News Education Times Gizmodo India FILMIPOP Hindi Brand Capital Eisamay Indiatimes Gujarati Econimic Times Vijaya Karnataka Malayalam Samayam Times Food Living and entertainment iDiva MensXP.com Femina Entertainment Grazia Zoom Travel Destinations Filmipop Luxpresso Smartapp Bombay Times Cricbuzz.com Filmfare Online Songs top trends Shiv Sena Yogi Adityanath UK Parliament attack AIADMK symbol Bhagat Singh Navjot Singh Sidhu PM Modi Ravindra Gaikwad Shreyas Iyer Tamil Movie Reviews Telugu Movie Reviews Malayalam Movie Reviews services Ads 2 Book Bank Exam App iTimes Entertainment App ET Money Finance App Coupon Duniya Dineout Mobile Recharge Magic Bricks Techgig Times Jobs Bollywood News Times Mobile Zigwheels Remit 2 India TC Next Bikes in India Used Cars Astro Speak Simply Marry GadgetsNow itimes Popular Categories Headlines Sports News Business News India News World News Bollywood News Health & Fitness Tips Indian TV Shows Celebrity Photos hot on the web Auto News RK Nagar By Election Air India Yogi Adityanath Breaking News Sensex Kollywood News Tollywood News Mollywood News Trending topics Shiv Sena MP AIADMK symbol Yogi Adityanath AIADMK symbol IPL 2017 PM Modi Box Office Collection Sunny Leone Pics Salman Khan Follow us on facebook twitter google+ rss feed youtube download toi app android iphone BlackBerry ipad windows phone About us Create Your Own Ad Terms of Use and Grievance Redressal Policy Privacy policy Advertise with us RSS Newsletter Feedback ePaper Sitemap Archives Copyright © 2017 Bennett, Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. For reprint rights: Times Syndication Service `
Skip to content Fone Arena The Mobile Blog Menu Main Site Phones Gadgets About Media Coverage Advertising Contact Tip Us Twitter FB Youtube Google to kill SMS support for Hangouts for Android on May 22 Google added SMS support in Hangouts for Android back in 2013 to encourage use of Hangouts so they can read instant-messages sent them over SMS in case they don’t have an internet connection. After some reports in 2014 and 2015 that said that Google will kill support for carrier SMS and MMS, Google has decided to kill SMS support for Hangouts in May, 2017. In an email sent out to G Suite administrators, Google said that a warning will appear to Hangouts users starting March 27 asking them to switch to another SMS app since SMS for Hangouts will soon go away. It also says that SMS support will be completely removed from Hangouts on May 22. After Google removed messaging app on Nexus devices and released an updated Hangouts app that combined SMS and Hangouts conversation at the end of 2014, it released a standalone Messenger app in November 2014, which was recently renamed as Android Messages. Earlier this month Google launched Hangouts Meet video conferencing service in an attempt to focus more on enterprise users. Google’s Head of Product for Allo and Duo said that Hangouts ‘is not going anywhere’. Source "Google to kill SMS support for Hangouts for Android on May 22", 4 out of 5 based on 6 ratings. Author: Srivatsan Sridhar Srivatsan Sridhar is a Mobile Technology Enthusiast who is passionate about Mobile phones and Mobile apps. He is currently using the Motorola Moto G4 Plus. You can follow him on Twitter @ssrivatsan and on Google+ View all posts by Srivatsan Sridhar Author Srivatsan SridharPosted on March 24, 2017Categories apps, Google, News Post navigation Previous Previous post: Microsoft inks patent license deal with Toyota for connected cars Next Next post: Nokia phones will launch globally in Q2 2017 at an affordable price, says the company Trending Phones OnePlus 3T Xiaomi Redmi Note 4 Google Pixel Honor 6X Apple iPhone 7 Plus Nokia 6 Mobile Phones Nokia Sony Ericsson Samsung Motorola i-Mate Dopod HTC LG 02 BlackBerry Sagem Haier palmOne HP Spice Fly Apple Latest Phones Lenovo Phab 2 Lenovo Phab 2 Plus Lenovo Phab 2 Pro Motorola Moto Z Motorola Moto Z Force Reliance Lyf Wind 5 Featured Video Subscribe to FA on YouTube Recent Posts HTC U with Snapdragon 835, touch sensitive frame tipped to be announced in April Hyperloop can travel between GCC cities under 1 hour at 1080 km/h, could replace all air freight says Hyperloop One Micromax Dual 5 with dual rear cameras launching tomorrow Moto G5 launching on April 4, Refurbished Galaxy Note 7 to be sold soon and more – FoneArena Daily Panasonic LUMIX GH5 with splash/dust-proof body, 4K/60p video launched in India starting at Rs. 1,43,990 Truecaller 8 launched with SMS Inbox, Truecaller Pay, UPI Payments and more Amazon to acquire Dubai-based e-commerce site SOUQ.com Amazon reportedly planning to open grocery stores in India Sony Xperia XZs with 5.2-inch 1080p display, Android 7.0, Water-resistant body launching in India on April 4 Moto G5 with 5-inch 1080p display, Android 7.0, 4G VoLTE launching in India on April 4 CategoriesCategories Select Category 2 in 1 3G 4G 5G Accessories Acer Aircel Airtel Alcatel Amazon Android Announcements AOC Apple apps Articles askFA AskFoneArena Asus AT&T Bada Battery test Benchmarks Bharti Blackberry BlackBerry World Blogging Bluetooth Brands BSNL BT Byond Camera Samples Canada Cases CDMA CeBIT Celkon CES CES 2013 CES 2014 CES 2015 CES 2016 CES 2017 Chaze Cheers China china Computex 2014 Computex 2015 Computex 2016 Contributors Coolpad CREO CTIA Datawind Dell Development development Digiflip Pro Digital Payments Domo Dual SIM EE Elephone eReaders EV-DO Events Exclusive Facebook Featured Firefox Fitness Trackers Fly FoneArena Daily FoneArena Labs G Five Games G’FIVE General Gifts Gionee Google GPRS GPS GSM Guides Handsets Headlines HP HTC Huawei Hutch iBall iberry IDEA IFA India Infocus INQ Instagram Photo Contest Intek Intel Interviews Intex IoT iPad iPhone itel Japan Japan Java / J2ME Jio Jolla Karbonn Lava LeEco Lemon Lenovo LeTV LG Linux Luxury Maemo Magicon Manufacturers Maxx MeeGo Meizu Memory Micromax Microsoft Motorola MTNL MTS Multimedia MWC MWC 2010 MWC 2011 MWC 2012 MWC 2013 MWC 2014 MWC 2015 MWC 2016 MWC 2017 News Nexian Nextbit NFC Nokia Nokia World 2009 Nokia World 2010 Nokia World 2011 Nokia-Siemens O2 Obi OnePlus Operators Oplus Oppo Palm Palm Panasonic Phicomm Philips Photo Gallery Platforms poll Press Releases Previews Qiku Qualcomm Reliance Reliance Reports Reviews Roundup Rumors Sailfish Samsung Sections SEE2009 Sennheiser Simmtronics Singapore Smartisan Smartron Smartwatches SMS Software Sony Sony Ericsson Spice Spice Sprint Swipe Symbian T-Mobile Tablets Tata Docomo Tata Indicom TCL Teardown Technology Tesla Three Tips Tizen TP-LINK Ubuntu uk Ulefone UMi Unboxings Uncategorized Uninor USA VAS Verizon Video Videocon Videocon Vivo Vodafone VR Wallets WickedLeak Wifi Win a Nokia E7 Windows Xiaomi Xolo YU Zen Zopo ZTE ZUK FA on Facebook Youtube Main Site Phones Gadgets About Media Coverage Advertising Contact Tip Us Twitter FB Youtube Fone Arena 2005-2016
Photos Videos Topics Live SA 80/5 (39) - NZ 489/10 (162.1) Home India Mumbai Delhi World Business Technology Sports Entertainment Bollywood Hollywood Television Lifestyle Education & Careers TRENDING# Ravindra Gaikwad Yogi Adityanath Virat Kohli Donald Trump Narendra Modi Home Money YouTube's bid to grab TV dollars imperiled by advertiser revolt Shares1 Fri, 24 Mar 2017-07:32am , Reuters The decision by a handful of high-profile consumer brands to pull advertising from Google's YouTube over offensive content could threaten the site's long-term strategy of stealing ad dollars from television, analysts and ad industry professionals said Thursday. The immediate financial impact of the controversy is likely to be limited, in part because a big chunk of YouTube revenue comes from smaller advertisers who lack the budget for TV campaigns and do not have easy alternatives. Some analysts also believe that departing advertisers, eager to reach YouTube's millennial audience, will quickly return. But with "brand safety" emerging as a major concern for marketers amid a surge in hate speech and other types of offensive content across the internet, the widespread assumption that major advertisers are ready to shift large chunks of their budgets from TV to digital now looks much more dubious. The timing may also favor television networks as they usually present their fall line-ups and woo big advertisers starting in May, agency executives said. YouTube, part of Alphabet Inc, has spent years courting big brands that spend hundreds of millions annually on air time. But over the past week, companies including Verizon Communications Inc, AT&T Inc and Johnson & Johnson have canceled their YouTube ad deals. "Video is actually a lot more fragile of an ecosystem than the Silicon Valley, software-eats-everything crowd may want to think," said Joel Espelien, a senior analyst at the Diffusion Group, which studies the future of television. "The point is all content isn't actually the same, all advertising isn't actually all the same. There is an element of taste. And when you ruin that, the whole thing does kind of start to fall apart." Google offers little visibility into YouTube's financial performance, but analysts view it as a key driver for the company's growth as its traditional search advertising business matures. Analyst Mark Mahaney of RBC Capital Markets estimates YouTube will bring in about $14 billion in revenue this year. Alphabet shares have fallen more than 3 percent since Monday, closing at $839.65 on Thursday. Whether the recent events are a mere blip on the radar for Google or a harbinger of bigger problems to come may depend on whether the company can quickly improve its technical tools to give advertisers more control over where their ads appear. YouTube has begun reviewing its advertising policies and will take steps to give advertisers more control, Philipp Schindler, Google's chief business officer, wrote in a blog post on Tuesday. Google also plans to hire more people for its review team and refine its artificial intelligence – a key step, since much of the ad-serving is handled by automation. Eric Schmidt, executive chairman of Alphabet, acknowledged in a Fox News interview that ads appearing next to videos promoting hate speech or advocating violence had slipped through the digital cracks in Google's elaborate ad-serving systems. "We match ads and the content, but because we source the ads from everywhere, every once in a while somebody gets underneath the algorithm and they put in something that doesn't match," Schmidt said. "We've had to tighten our policies and actually increase our manual review time and so I think we're going to be OK." But Google's public statements have done little to assuage advertisers' fears, said David Cohen, president, North America, for media buying firm Magna Global. Privately, Google has gone into more detail about how it plans to combat the issue, including ratcheting up its algorithms to better categorize content and being more stringent about how content is labeled, Cohen said. But such additional controls would reduce the percentage of content that carries advertising and could disrupt the vibrant community of independent creators on YouTube, who drive traffic to the site and rely on revenue-sharing from advertising. YouTube faces a special imperative to keep creators happy as rivals such as Facebook Inc and Twitter Inc try to court talent for their own platforms, said Hank Green, a prominent YouTube creator who runs the VidCon conference. "YouTube has a decade-long head start, but obviously everyone wants a piece of the pie," he said. Even before the most recent revelations about YouTube, control over online ad placement had become a hot button topic for advertisers. Social networks and news aggregators came under fire during and after the U.S. presidential election for spreading fake news reports, and advertisers have also sought to avoid having their brands appear beside content that they categorize as hate speech. "Between non-human traffic and fraud, fake news and hate speech, brands are more concerned than ever," said Marc Goldberg, CEO of Trust Metrics, a New York-based company that addresses ad fraud. (This article has not been edited by DNA's editorial team and is auto-generated from an agency feed.) TOP TOP < Woman gets faulty treatment for rare abdominal syndrome   Comments   Also Read Money SBI spent Rs 775 crore in maintaining Jan Dhan account, says Government Money Sensex bounces 172 points on positive global cues Money Use of Bitcoin illegal, can attract anti-money laundering law, says govt Money Airtel sells 10.3% stake in Bharti Infratel to KKR, Canada Pension Plan Investment Board Money Japan's SoftBank to orchestrate Flipkart, Snapdeal merger? Money Sensex registers good beginning, recoupes over 127 pts < Previous ArticleNext Article > Woman gets faulty treatment for rare abdominal syndrome Live Cricket Score Live SA 80/5 (39), 314/10 (89.2) SA trail by 95 runs NZ 489/10 (162.1) Full Scorecard | Commentary Video Watch | Bhaago Grahak Bhaago: Customer gets assaulted for pointing out cockroaches in cafe! Watch: Fitness freak breaks leg in half while lifting weights Watch: 1400 dancers celebrate 'The Month of The Dance' in Spain View all Tags David Cohen Eric Schmidt Johnson & Johnson North America RBC Capital Markets Silicon Valley Google YouTube AT&T Inc Alphabet Inc Facebook Inc Fox News Hank Green Magna Global Mark Mahaney Philipp Schindler Twitter Inc U. S. Verizon Communications Inc SITE INDEX About DNA Contact us Investors Advertise Reprint Rights News White House calls for domestic cuts to finance border wall Egypt's President to visit US next week: White House Baseball-Trump declines Nationals' invite to throw first pitch US official: Trump to meet China's Xi first week in April Germany opens new probe into suspected Turkish spying Sport Soccer-Bullet point preview of Premier League fixtures, round 29 Soccer-Bullet point preview of Premier League fixtures, round 29 Soccer-Bullet point preview of Premier League fixtures, round 29 Soccer-Bullet point preview of Premier League fixtures, round 29 Soccer-Bullet point preview of Premier League fixtures, round 29 Entertainment History has it: Shah Rukh Khan has BEATEN Akshay Kumar THRICE during clashes before! FINALLY! Kiku Sharda BREAKS SILENCE on the Kapil Sharma-Sunil Grover fight! Crocodile tears? Forget remorse over Sunil Grover's exit, Kapil Sharma is already back to partying! Guess who'll be the star performer at IPL opening ceremony this year! Parineeti Chopra FORCES team Golmaal to watch #MaanaKeHumYaarNahin 10 times. Their reaction is PRICELESS! Money Ford announces USD 1.2 bn investment in US auto plants CAG report underlines time and cost overrun of Raj power plant US STOCKS-Wall Street jumps, fueled by strong consumer data Lok Sabha to take up GST Bill for discussion tomorrow Warendra Sinha takes charge as MD & CEO of IFFCO-Tokio GI Partner site: Zee News ©2017 Diligent Media Corporation Ltd.
Mashable We're using cookies to improve your experience. Click Here to find out more. Mashable Mashable Asia Mashable Australia Mashable France Mashable India Mashable UK Sign in Like Follow Mashable see more  > Search Videos Social Media Tech Business Entertainment World Lifestyle Watercooler Shop More Channels Videos Social Media Tech Business Entertainment World Lifestyle Watercooler Shop Company About Us Licensing & Reprints Archive Mashable Careers Contact Contact Us Submit News Advertise Advertise Legal Privacy Policy Terms of Use Cookie Policy Copyright Policy Apps iPhone / iPad Android Resources Subscriptions Sites Mashable Shop Job Board Social Good Summit Business Like Follow Follow Google 'can't guarantee' ads won't appear by offensive content, Eric Schmidt says 1.1k Shares Share Tweet Share What's This? Image: Gonzalo Arroyo Moreno/Getty Images By Patrick Kulp2017-03-24 01:56:38 UTC Google can't say for certain that ads placed with its various massive platforms won't end up near an offensive video or website. At least that's the opinion of Eric Schmidt, chairman of Google's parent company, Alphabet, and the most prominent public face of the search giant. Schmidt conceded the point during an interview on Fox Business Network Thursday in response to a growing advertiser boycott against the company. More than 250 brands have pulled ads after reports that they were appearing near YouTube videos from terrorists, Nazis and other hate-mongers. SEE ALSO: It only took us five minutes to find a big brand advertising on a hate group's YouTube "We can't guarantee it, but we can get pretty close," Schmidt said of the company's ability to police the problem. "Very close" doesn't seem to be enough for the hundreds of brands outraged by offensive placements. Despite Google's announcement this week that it would beef up review staff and add more brand safety controls, big American companies like AT&T, Johnson & Johnson and Verizon joined the revolt the next day.    "We can't guarantee it, but we can get pretty close" Given the billions of videos on YouTube — Google claims 400 million hours are uploaded every minute — it seems pretty safe to say it is nearly impossible to vet every single one. The issue is further complicated by the fact that YouTube ads are placed through automated exchanges run entirely by software.  The system is designed to aim ads based on what it knows about user demographics. And advertisers can exclude videos about certain topics or, as of this week, specific channels or categories. Yet even with those controls, brands are still flying blind to a certain extent.  Schmidt alluded to the challenge this poses with his own vague and very understated explanation.  "It's important. What we do is we match ads to content," Schmidt said. "Because we source the ads from everywhere, every once in a while somebody gets underneath the algorithm, and puts in something that doesn't match." He also seemed confident that the steps Google announced this week to fix the problem will help. "We've had to tighten our policies and actually increase our manual review time so I think we're going to be okay," Schmidt said. It may not matter either way to the company's overall bottom line. Analysts at RBC said on Thursday that the boycott would ultimately result in a less than 2 percent total revenue hit, despite the involvement of some of the world's biggest advertisers. “Yes, this is a headline negative and we can understand why brands would be upset,” RBC’s analysts wrote in a research note assuring investors that it wouldn't downgrade the stock. But, they wrote, “Google is one of the strongest, most consistent fundamental stories in tech. Period.”  An analyst at Morgan Stanley also echoed this assessment. Image: justin sullivan/Getty Images That opinion is contrary to what another analyst wrote earlier in the week, though. Pivotal Research's Brian Wieser downgraded Alphabet stock's rating with the firm on Monday, predicting that the boycott, then contained to the UK, would soon spread worldwide. His prognosis proved correct when American companies joined two days later. Alphabet's stock price has dipped a little more than a percent in the past five days after trading at an all-time high. Even if the immediate impact might be muted, the lasting significance of the boycott may come in the precedent it sets. A number of long-simmering advertiser frustrations with the digital world are now coming to a head — rampant ad fraud, measurement concerns, transparency in how ads are sold — and some in the industry have recognized that the only way to counterbalance Google and Facebook's duopoly control is through collective force. This boycott may be the first instance in which they actually make good on that idea. WATCH: Is ad blocking wrong? Topics: Advertising, alphabet, Business, eric schmidt, Google About Us Jobs Advertise Subscribe Privacy Terms Mashable is a global, multi-platform media and entertainment company. Powered by its own proprietary technology, Mashable is the go-to source for tech, digital culture and entertainment content for its dedicated and influential audience around the globe. ©2005-2017 Mashable, Inc. Reproduction without explicit permission is prohibited. All Rights Reserved. Designed in collaboration with Code & Theory
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad YouTube's bid to grab TV dollars imperiled by advertiser revolt By Reuters Published: 22:03 EDT, 23 March 2017 | Updated: 22:03 EDT, 23 March 2017 e-mail By Julia Love, Jessica Toonkel and Tim Baysinger March 23 (Reuters) - The decision by a handful of high-profile consumer brands to pull advertising from Google´s YouTube over offensive content could threaten the site´s long-term strategy of stealing ad dollars from television, analysts and ad industry professionals said Thursday. The immediate financial impact of the controversy is likely to be limited, in part because a big chunk of YouTube revenue comes from smaller advertisers who lack the budget for TV campaigns and do not have easy alternatives. Some analysts also believe that departing advertisers, eager to reach YouTube's millennial audience, will quickly return. But with "brand safety" emerging as a major concern for marketers amid a surge in hate speech and other types of offensive content across the internet, the widespread assumption that major advertisers are ready to shift large chunks of their budgets from TV to digital now looks much more dubious. The timing may also favor television networks as they usually present their fall line-ups and woo big advertisers starting in May, agency executives said. YouTube, part of Alphabet Inc, has spent years courting big brands that spend hundreds of millions annually on air time. But over the past week, companies including Verizon Communications Inc, AT&amp;T Inc and Johnson &amp; Johnson have canceled their YouTube ad deals. "Video is actually a lot more fragile of an ecosystem than the Silicon Valley, software-eats-everything crowd may want to think," said Joel Espelien, a senior analyst at the Diffusion Group, which studies the future of television. "The point is all content isn´t actually the same, all advertising isn´t actually all the same. There is an element of taste. And when you ruin that, the whole thing does kind of start to fall apart." Google offers little visibility into YouTube´s financial performance, but analysts view it as a key driver for the company´s growth as its traditional search advertising business matures. Analyst Mark Mahaney of RBC Capital Markets estimates YouTube will bring in about $14 billion in revenue this year. Alphabet shares have fallen more than 3 percent since Monday, closing at $839.65 on Thursday. Whether the recent events are a mere blip on the radar for Google or a harbinger of bigger problems to come may depend on whether the company can quickly improve its technical tools to give advertisers more control over where their ads appear. YouTube has begun reviewing its advertising policies and will take steps to give advertisers more control, Philipp Schindler, Google's chief business officer, wrote in a blog post on Tuesday. Google also plans to hire more people for its review team and refine its artificial intelligence - a key step, since much of the ad-serving is handled by automation. Eric Schmidt, executive chairman of Alphabet, acknowledged in a Fox News interview that ads appearing next to videos promoting hate speech or advocating violence had slipped through the digital cracks in Google's elaborate ad-serving systems. "We match ads and the content, but because we source the ads from everywhere, every once in a while somebody gets underneath the algorithm and they put in something that doesn´t match," Schmidt said. "We´ve had to tighten our policies and actually increase our manual review time and so I think we´re going to be OK." But Google's public statements have done little to assuage advertisers´ fears, said David Cohen, president, North America, for media buying firm Magna Global. Privately, Google has gone into more detail about how it plans to combat the issue, including ratcheting up its algorithms to better categorize content and being more stringent about how content is labeled, Cohen said. But such additional controls would reduce the percentage of content that carries advertising and could disrupt the vibrant community of independent creators on YouTube, who drive traffic to the site and rely on revenue-sharing from advertising. YouTube faces a special imperative to keep creators happy as rivals such as Facebook Inc and Twitter Inc try to court talent for their own platforms, said Hank Green, a prominent YouTube creator who runs the VidCon conference. "YouTube has a decade-long head start, but obviously everyone wants a piece of the pie," he said. Even before the most recent revelations about YouTube, control over online ad placement had become a hot button topic for advertisers. Social networks and news aggregators came under fire during and after the U.S. presidential election for spreading fake news reports, and advertisers have also sought to avoid having their brands appear beside content that they categorize as hate speech. "Between non-human traffic and fraud, fake news and hate speech, brands are more concerned than ever," said Marc Goldberg, CEO of Trust Metrics, a New York-based company that addresses ad fraud. (Reporting by Julia Love in San Francisco and Jessica Toonkel and Tim Baysinger in New York; Editing by Jonathan Weber and Lisa Shumaker) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS She's a real work of art! Kate wows in a forest green lace dress by Temperley London for a glittering gala at the National Portrait Gallery 'Longest calf muscles known to man': Katie Price suffers ANOTHER holiday fail as she is accused of Photoshop faux pas amid backlash over Princess snap Heartbroken Katie Waissel claims estranged husband has been 'f**king their neighbour'... as she discusses split after just one year of marriage PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Pregnant Binky Felstead shows off her baby bump as she steps out with boyfriend JP... after confirming she's having a girl 'Private beaches and bottoms': MIC's Frankie Gaff shows off her pert posterior as she poses for racy topless snap during cast trip to Mauritius Ellie Goulding cosies up to rumoured beau Caspar Jopling as they enjoy a romantic stroll in NYC... following her fling with the Beckhams' bodyguard Bobby Rich EXCLUSIVE 'We love the idea of a baby': Louise Thompson and Ryan Libbey on starting a family, their latest love triangle and why cheeky Sam is a 'hypocrite'  Leonardo DiCaprio and Nina Agdal join Orlando Bloom during St Barts holiday as they celebrate the swimsuit model's 25th birthday 'I feel proud, it was such a gift': Daisy Lowe reflects on newfound body confidence... after admitting to be 'tequila positive' during Strictly Come Dancing tour 'I can't breathe': Geordie Shore's Chloe Ferry reveals plans to have nostrils WIDENED in corrective nose job as airwaves are being painfully restricted Billie Piper displays her ink-free forearm at City Of Tiny Lights screening after tattoo removal... and hides second tribute to ex Laurence Fox under ring 'They simply don't eat': Emma Thompson blasts Hollywood's 'terrible' anorexia problem (and once threatened to QUIT a film after a co-star was told to lose weight)  A blooming lovely couple! Michelle Keegan stuns in a floral jumpsuit from her own collection as she joins husband Mark Wright for London stroll 'Hanging out like best buds': Kendall Jenner is a dream in green as she spends the day shopping with Paris Jackson at a flea market in LA What the Beck! Unrecognisable David Beckham sports gruesome rotting teeth and a HUGE scar on his face on the set of new King Arthur movie  'I would go to sleep crying': Michelle Pfeiffer, 58, talks playing Al Pacino's cocaine-addicted trophy wife in Scarface as she poses for Interview 'Something's cooking': Bar Refaeli announces she's pregnant as she shows off her baby bump... eight months after welcoming her daughter Liv PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Chloe Goodman flaunts her enviable curves in plunging bikini as she soaks up the Maldives sun with her sisters Lauryn and Amelia   Fashion darling Alexa Chung dazzles in show-stopping bardot polka dot gown as she leads the style at the 2017 Portrait Gala 'I've still got my wedding ring on': Rio Ferdinand admits 'there's no given time for moving on' from the death of his wife... amid Kate Wright rumours 'I knew he was struggling': Prince's ex-wife speaks out about the pop icon's devastating addiction, secret overdoses and drug stashes TOWIE's Yazmin Oukhellou flaunts her taut stomach and ample cleavage in sizzling crop top as she walks hand-in-hand with new beau James Lock  'I greet him with a Versace towel and water in a Versace glass': Kim Kardashian reveals she pampers Kanye West after his concerts 'Eamonn was worried that people would think its him!' Ruth Langsford confesses she 'felt sick' when she realised she had shared a VERY explicit photo on Twitter Sun-kissed Millie Mackintosh heads to work while posing in her own designs for high fashion shoot...  after returning from FIFTH vacation of 2017 Giggling Myleene Klass nails the city girl look as she wows in chic trench with shirt dress while heading to work   Nailed city girl style  She Did It Again! Shakira dazzles in lace and leather for children's charity launch in Barcelona... after winning an award for her philanthropic efforts Morning perk! Braless Jenna Dewan Tatum flashes her chest in sheer black top as she exits coffee shop in LA The Step Up star wore a casual outfit  'RIP beautiful princess': Tributes pour in for Zayn Malik's cousin Arshiya after she dies aged five following battle with brain tumour Terrible tragedy There's the money shot! Malin Akerman and onscreen husband Damian Lewis strip off for raunchy sex scene during their hit drama Billions  Claire Sweeney puts on a casual display in workout wear as she enjoys a sunny day at the park with her adorable son Jaxon, 2 Playful day out Another day, another bikini! Victoria's Secret Angel Martha Hunt stuns in green two-piece on Miami vacation It's not secret when she hits the beach 'You're changing lives': 'Amazing' Jeff Brazier is praised by fans for offering advice on coping with grief... days after anniversary of Jade Goody's death 'Tidy your room!' Chloe Ferry proudly shows off her immaculate bedroom before fans spot the VERY messy reality in Instagram video Just in time for Easter: Reese Witherspoon cuddles up to a bunny as she models new dress from her Draper James clothing line The body that cost £1.5m: Surgery addict Alicia Douvall leaves little to the imagination as she flaunts her ample assets in skimpy lingerie Back to business! Bethenny Frankel slips into flattering LBD after posing up a storm in a bikini on Mexican getaway Sported a fitted dress  'I would never play a person of a different race!': Scarlett Johansson answers critics who say her role in Ghost In The Shell is a 'whitewash' Is the Fresh Prince going back to Bel-Air? Internet goes into meltdown as cast of 90s show reunites... raising fans' hopes of a new series Quick change! The spotlight falls on Mary Berry's daughter after a continuity blunder on the cook's show (amid claims she'll take over her mother's empire) Bikini-clad Vicky Pattison downs drinks at Dubai pool party... after saying she 'couldn't be happier' about rekindling romance with beau John Noble  All made up... for takeout! Chrissy Teigen looks chic in straw hat, striped blouse and torn jeans to pick up food at hot spot Madeo in West Hollywood Rooney Mara appears topless as a grieving widow in new trailer for A Ghost Story with Casey Affleck Spooky drama 'It will be weird': Charlotte Crosby is yet to speak with Vicky Pattison about her romance with her Ex On The Beach fling Stephen Bear Daddy's little Idol! Eric Cowell is the spitting image of father Simon as he joins glam mum Lauren Silverman for a spot of fine dining in Malibu Secret admirer? Cara Delevingne holds a red rose as she parties the night away with supermodel pals Kendall Jenner and Lily Donaldson 'It could happen': Nick Jonas sounds hopeful about co-starring with pal Jennifer Lopez in the NBC live musical revival of Bye Bye Birdie . 'I will forever hate myself for it': Lisa Riley expresses regret for not listening to her mother's advice on romance... leading to a string of disastrous relationships 'I wanted to physically harm myself': WWE star Paige reveals pain she suffered after sex tape leaked... as fiance announces their wedding date Mariah Carey relaxes in a robe on her 47th birthday while enjoying luxury beach trip with toyboy Bryan Tanaka 'Live your vile selfish life: Stephanie Davis SLAMS Jeremy McConnell in impassioned rant... hours after declaring her love for him  Off-duty beauty: Make-up free Kate Moss keeps it casual in a khaki jacket and skinny jeans as she leaves a shoot in London Can do low-key glamour Kate Hudson steps out in suede ankle boots and pinstripe trousers...after packing on the PDA with Danny Fujikawa 'We all float down here': Teaser trailer and poster for Stephen King's IT heads down to the sewer with evil clown Pennywise Creepy reboot Bikini babe! Cara Santana flashes hint of cleavage and rock hard abs as she flaunts her bod in sexy Instagram snap Red hot 'It was like meeting someone at a bus stop': Lorraine Pascale admits her birth parents were like 'two strangers' when she met them for the first time John Legend looks typically cool in a statement leather jacket as he arrives for radio interview in Paris SPOILER ALERT: Shaken Ste struggles to piece together what he's done as he wakes up in the shower after Amy is MURDERED on Hollyoaks Val Kilmer claps back at critics who called him 'creepy' and 'obsessive' for revealing his longtime crush on Cate Blanchett Pillow talk! Demi Lovato and Jimmy Fallon make out with cushions as they play teenage besties in hilarious new Ew! segment  Those Night Changes! Liam Payne, 23, jokes about being on nappy duty after welcoming son... as Cheryl, 33, 'plans to conquer mummy market' 'I want you to be better': New trailer for Spider-Man: Homecoming shows Peter Parker being mentored by Tony Stark as they take on Vulture Gemma Collins highlights her curves in a form-fitting jumpsuit as she steps out in Essex with Danielle Armstrong's athletic beau Daniel Spiller My how you've grown! Nicole Kidman's young daughters Sunday Rose and Faith Margaret are the spitting image of their famous mother as they land in Sydney Luisa Zissman displays fab post-baby body in a bust-baring lace-up swimsuit as she enjoys sunny getaway... seven months after birth of daughter Indigo 'Namaste': Lindsay Lohan shows off her cleavage in a plunging black swimsuit as she embraces her inner zen in Thailand At peace with her self-ies 'They are now safe': Ed Sheeran HAS saved the lives of abused Liberian street boys after incredible act of kindness on Comic Relief 'It's the end of March!' EastEnders fans take to Twitter in confusion as SNOW falls on Albert Square while the UK enjoys balmy spring sunshine Her body is still Bootylicious! Kelly Rowland shows off her STUNNING physique in one-piece during day at the beach with son Titan, two  'I've been speaking to them': Marnie Simpson reveals she has been messaging Niall Horan AND James Arthur... following her messy split from cheat Lewis 'Are you impressed with my terrarium?': Holly Willoughby is left speechless at Phillip Schofield's VERY rude gardening innuendo... as she flashes her bra 'I miss LA': Karrueche Tran longs for home as she shares makeup-free selfie in New Orleans... after showing off her fit physique during workout session Out and a pout: Rumer Willis flashes big smile with plumped up lips while promoting new Empire role  Plenty to smile about  Pamela Anderson offers to take Prime Minister of Ireland out for a pint of Guinness if he supports banning the use of wild animals in circuses Charlotte Dawson puts on a busty display in a scarlet co-ord as she enjoys a night out in Barcelona with her glamorous mother Tracy Darlene Cates, star of What's Eating Gilbert Grape, dies aged 69  Best known for her role as Gilbert's mother in the 1993 hit 'She was denying and crying': Kim Kardashian was with Paris Hilton when sex tape leaked.. but soon 'calmed down' when talk turned to MONEY Kendall Jenner cruises around the sunny streets of LA in her eye-catching purple convertible Cadillac Didn't opt for a subtle ride Rihanna strips off as Bates Motel FINALLY reveals its iconic Psycho shower scene... after singer confessed she can't bear to watch her raunchy moments 'Has she come from a club?': Busty Michelle Mone shocks GMB viewers as she cuts a VERY glamorous figure in a plunging black maxi dress What's the buzz Rusty? Russell Crowe channels Romper Stomper character with new crew cut as he works on his fitness with a park kick about Flirty at the fairground: Kim Zolciak's daughter Brielle Biermann kisses boyfriend Michael Kopech while posing for playful shoot 'I think everything I do is terrible': Lorde shows off her quirky style in plunging ensemble... as she reveals her self deprecating side in honest interview Feeling Torn? Natalie Imbruglia holds hands with mystery man and NOT beau Ryan Bienefelt... as he posts about his 'little peanut' Where's her boyfriend? Mel B shimmers in plunging metallic jumpsuit she makes her first public appearance since filing for divorce from Stephen Belafonte at AGT launch 'I want to keep the day really traditional:' Lauren Goodger wants TWO ceremonies and a racy wedding dance as she confesses she can't wait to wed jailbird beau She's a real team player! Queen Letizia of Spain is presented with a basketball shirt emblazoned with her name as she meets young athletes in Madrid Camera shy Demi Moore keeps it casual as she heads home with daughter Scout after a family dinner date Headed out for low key meal with her kids Blue and green SHOULD be seen! Queen Mathilde and Crown Princess Mary are pretty in pastels as the Belgian royals touch down in Denmark Step aside, mum and dad! Jude Law and Sadie Frost's model daughter Iris, 16, stuns in her second make-up campaign for Burberry Essentials Robin Thicke's girlfriend April Love Geary, 22, looks in good spirits during grocery shop run... as she moves on from nude photo leak drama Cheat day! Elsa Hosk stuffs her face with McDonald's French fries after stunning during Victoria's Secret lingerie shoot in Miami Make-up free Liv Tyler cuts a chic figure in specs and skintight leggings as she enjoys a shopping spree in London Billie Faiers finally introduces newborn son Arthur in stunning family shoot... as she reveals fiancé Greg Shepherd almost MISSED the labour 'Is that a prosthetic?': Big Little Lies fans react on Twitter after Alexander Skarsgard appears to go full-frontal Scene on Sunday left fans all aflutter  Just admiring the view! Kristin Cavallari posts nude photo of husband Jay Cutler gazing out at the Caribbean water while on romantic trip to Mexico Legs eleven! Katie Holmes shows off her dancer legs as she models a denim miniskirt under her oversized coat in chilly New York City SPOILER ALERT: Corrie's Bethany Platt discovers her boyfriend Nathan shared a secret smooch with Mel... but will she finally dump the evil manipulator? Shameless star Emmy Rossum's 'house robbed of $150k worth of jewelry after she left combinations written down near home safes' 'I dream of genie vibes': Khloe shows off her svelte figure and trim waist in a plunging white jumpsuit... after revealing she used to be 'shamed' for her curves 'It's just half a bottle of red wine!': GBBO 2016 star Selasi Gbormittah upsets Piers Morgan as they clash over his signature bolognese recipe There's NOTHING everyday about Mary Berry! Show sees her cook with lobster, cruise in her vintage car, milk a goat- and host 1,000 guests in her garden Hotting up! Lily James shows off flat stomach as she peels off turtle neck jumper while enjoying stroll in sunshine with boyfriend Matt Smith She's got that magic hour glow! Margot Robbie enjoys wedded bliss on a tropical beach with a chilled flute of champagne in hand at sunset 'I fell in love': Alec Baldwin recalls moment he asked if Tina Fey was single... and reveals he almost passed on SNL Trump gig Justin Bieber faces being ARRESTED in Brazil four years after allegedly spray painting graffiti on wall of £23m hotel Happened in 2013 'I felt my body had completely failed me': Giovanna Fletcher on how she's in a much better place after revealing her secret miscarriage Starry eyed! Queen Maxima opts for a heavily-embellished coat for another day of engagements with her glamorous guest, Argentina's First Lady Here comes the bridesmaid! Rachel Bilson shows off her perky cleavage in dramatic blush-coloured gown at friend's wedding Doing her duties  Made In Chelsea's Ryan was threatened by James the gentle giant - size-wise that is - and the cast voted for Binky to have a baby girl, as if it was Brexit Romeo Beckham, 14, shares a sweet moment with little sister Harper, five, as he gushes about their close relationship in family Instagram snaps  Kendall Jenner stuns in belted silk jacket (and not much else) as she poses with Lily Donaldson at Valerian teaser screening Always stands out PICTURED: Coronation Street's beloved Ken Barlow is hospitalised after plunging down a flight of stairs... but who pushed him? The end for Ken? First look at the new Lara Croft: Alicia Vikander takes over from Angelina Jolie in Tomb Raider remake as new photos and plot details emerge  TOWIE's Jon Clark ridicules fellow diners by referring to them as 'swingers' in humiliating Instagram Not exactly the Mr. Nice Guy image Billie Lourd and Taylor Lautner enjoy smitten poppy field date... as it's revealed she isn't looking after her late mother Carrie Fisher's beloved bulldog Gary  Grizzled Casey Affleck is joined by screen daughter Anna Pniowsky as they shoot scenes for new drama Light Of My Life on Vancouver Island Heaven sent! Victoria's Secret Angel Jasmine Tookes stuns in a backless off-shoulder top and flares as she enjoys dinner date The return of killer Joe Miller, the wrath of Cath Atwood and Ed Burnett, plus THREE different rape suspects...The menace increased in Broadchurch Beware a clown with a red balloon! New creepy images from Stephen King's IT released and Pennywise is more sinister than ever Not clowning around Louis Tomlinson looks in high spirits while posing for selfies with fans in Miami...as he is set to appear in court over airport brawl at LAX Busy mommy! Blake Lively looks chic in newsboy cap as she rushes into cab... after Ryan Reynolds reveals he 'doesn't mind' her kissing other actors Eminem's daughter Hailie Scott, 21, stuns in latest Instagram photos... as it's revealed she's a normal college student 'It was fate': Ray Quinn reveals he has found love once again with school teacher Emily Fletcher insisting his four-year-old son Harry remains his 'priority' 'So thrilled'! Made In Chelsea parents-to-be Binky Felstead and JP finally confirm they are expecting a GIRL Delightedly announced news on Monday 'People think I'm gay': David Walliams admits 'life would be simpler' if he wasn't attracted to women... and doesn't know why people rule out same-sex romances Out of this world! Cara Delevingne shows off her long legs in futuristic outfit at screening for her sci-fi movie Valerian A very fashionable future  A sheer winner! Tyra Banks wears see-through lace pantsuit as she gears up for her new role as host of America's Got Talent New girl in town Double trouble! Heidi Klum shows off her long legs in purple mini as Mel B glitters in low-cut jumpsuit at America's Got Talent event Glam girls 'Deeply fake news but quite cute': Lorde reveals she was NOT at New Zealand dance party as impersonator fools partygoers Spitting image Happy Birthday Mommy! Fergie celebrates turning 42 with sung greetings from husband Josh Duhamel and their son Axl Bella Thorne tells fans she 'hates' being single before sharing saucy Snapchats from a night out with friends Known for being a serial dater 'I'll love him always': Stephanie Davis acknowledges ex Jeremy McConnell's arrest for first time... hours after he blocks her on Twitter Mommy and me! Charlize Theron shares a playful moment with her daughter August... returning home after a whirlwind week in Asia Just the two of us 'Never let go': Sofia Richie, 18, gets SEVENTH tattoo with a personal motto inked on her wrist Inking of going for a full collection? Start and end! Katie Maloney and Tom Schwartz wed as Scheana Marie plans for divorce on Vanderpump Rules Highs and lows 'It really means a lot': New dad Liam Payne, 23, returns to Twitter on behalf of girlfriend Cheryl, 33, to thank everyone for their 'love and support' Jessica Chastain strikes a sultry pose in cleavage-baring Alexander McQueen dress at the premiere of The Zookeeper's Wife Eye-popping display 'It's still very up in the air': Marnie Simpson affirms she did NOT cheat on ex Lewis Bloor... but she still 'cares' for him despite his womanising ways 'He's just the best guy': Ryan Gosling raves about co-star Harrison Ford while promoting Blade Runner sequel at CinemaCon  Seeing Angels! Victoria's Secret models Taylor Hill and Romee Strijd have lunch together in Hollywood They are the model lunch partners Gordon Ramsay's Nightly Show debut goes off air for THREE minutes... as ITV suffers technical glitch Another blow for the struggling show 'This isn't the last you've seen of me': Maksim Chmerkovskiy vows to return to DWTS alongside Heather Morris after calf injury keeps him on sidelines 'He's doing a f**king good job!' Gordon Ramsay's foul-mouthed Nightly Show debut divides viewers... as incorrect spelling of his name trends on Twitter Mark Francis helps Binky dress for pregnancy, Sam gets a drink chucked over him and Baby Felstead's gender is revealed on MIC  Noel Gallagher's 17-year-old daughter Anais recalls getting her first PONY aged seven and outlines hopes of Oscars win by 27 in candid interview There she blows! Kyra Sedgwick has a Marilyn Monroe moment as a gust of wind lifts up her skirt during outing with husband Kevin Bacon Wind beneath her skirt You have GOAT to be kid-ding me! Mary Berry, 82, is almost taken out by a farm animal as she tries to milk it on new baking series Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson shows off his huge biceps in leather jacket as he promotes Jumanji reboot Bursting out of his leather jacket 'What's life without a sausage roll?' Vicky McClure refuses to move away from Greggs for Hollywood... as she gushes about life up North with Jonny Owen Home sweet home! Ronan Keating's wife Storm shows off her baby bump in a tight dress as she welcomes her happy husband at Sydney airport 'I had a $28,000 hotel bill': Cher claims the REAL reason she finally agreed to appear on David Letterman's show was for the paycheck Price of forgiveness Still going (Arm)strong! TOWIE's Yazmin Oukhellou packs on PDA in united display with beau James Lock... amid bitter feud with his taken ex Danielle Drake abruptly cancels Amsterdam concert on doctor's orders after falling 'sick'... as fans vent frustration on Twitter Blow to fans 'It looks dope': Prince Jackson shows off massive armour inspired tattoo on his chest after months of work Tattoo mad like his sister SPOILER ALERT: EastEnders' Martin Fowler left fuming as he tries to attack Preston after Michelle's sordid sex scandal is finally exposed Devon Windsor shows off her killer legs in tiny Daisy Dukes for photo shoot in Miami Showed exactly why she's a Victoria's Secret model Klass act! Myleene enjoys romantic night out with beau Simon Motson in dazzling one-shoulder gown as they lead the style at the English National Opera Making them green with envy! Julianne Hough dazzles on the red carpet in plunging emerald gown for Dancing With The Stars What a gem! 'It's not curable': Coleen Nolan breaks down as she reveals her 'incredible' elder sister Linda is battling cancer  Revealed latest family tragedy on TV Lucky Leo! DiCaprio's supermodel girlfriend Nina Agdal sends temperatures soaring as she slips into an array of steamy swimsuits A dog's life! Selma Blair takes her pooch Ducky for a day of pampering at the salon in Los Angeles The 44-year-old enjoyed a pamper session EXCLUSIVE - Beyonce's dad is sued for $50k after 'refusing to pay a legal bill and hiding profits he made auctioning off Destiny's Child memorabilia' Nigella Lawson's daughter Cosima Diamond, 23, is the spitting image of her famous mum, 57, as they enjoy a girls' night out at the theatre Greased Lightning strikes twice! John Travolta and Olivia Newton-John set to return as Sandy and Danny to mark 40 year anniversary of original SPOILER ALERT: Ste has blood on his hands as Amy is found DEAD on Hollyoaks... after threatening to take his children away to America Nancy Dell'Olio, 55, flaunts her toned figure in unique figure-hugging flared jumpsuit at Opera Gala She showed her sensational frame  'I saw the pain in my eyes': Dynasty star Linda Evans shocked by online leak of 'disturbing' 2014 DUI arrest footage Didn't recognise herself Lily Allen wryly smiles as she channels nineties chic in vintage woolly jumper following romantic night out with beau MC Meridian Dan in London She likes a man in the kitchen! Scarlett Johansson reveals her two celebrity crushes are Gordon Ramsay and Anthony Bourdain Leggy Lorde looks sophisticated in a kooky pinstripe dress as she delights fans in London with radio appearance She's a style Royal Meg Ryan bundles up as she has a girls' day out in NYC with daughter Daisy The 55-year-old actress kept off the chill on mother/daughter day Cor(rie) blimey! Busty Michelle Keegan flaunts her washboard abs and toned physique in a tiny coral crop top The former soap star looked abs-fab Has George Michael been buried under cover of darkness? Photo posted by boyfriend Fadi Fawaz sparks flurry of internet speculation 'Don your best bikini and slay': Sam Thompson slips into the same MINUSCULE bikini as his sister Louise as he once again mocks her holiday snaps  Jailbird Apollo Nida 'on the hunt for millions' after judge nullifies divorce from Real Housewives' Phaedra Parks Rocky road to divorce  Showing support! Laura Prepon accentuates baby bump in stripes at Netflix event with fiance Ben Foster Orange Is The New Baby Hello from the after-party! Adele lets loose on the dance floor in slip-on shoes and no makeup after revealing she may NEVER tour again   'She's a child': Katie Price comes under fire after sharing photo of daughter Princess, nine, posing in a bikini during idyllic Maldives holiday as fans defend her 'Wish I was that horse!' Actress Elsa Pataky posts hilarious snap of husband Chris Hemsworth cuddling up to a horse Horsing around Shabby Chanel chic for Kiera: Actress pairs jacket with Dr Martens on visit to east London cafe with her husband  Low-key look  Together again! Jane Fonda and Lily Tomlin arrive in style at chat show to promote new season of Netflix series Promoting second series of Grace and Frankie Katie Holmes looks stylish as she steps out in New York's Soho district dressed in a button-up coat and cat-eye glasses Will and graceful lady! Drew Barrymore's ex husband Kopelman dines out with mystery woman in LA He is footloose and fancy free once more Beautiful in blue! Debra Messing, 48, wows in body hugging navy gown to receive honors at New York gala Flaunted her delicate decolletage Jennifer Garner looks in good spirits on coffee run after VERY friendly church visit with ex Ben Affleck  Happy families  'I was in a lot of pain after those really violent scenes': Nicole Kidman reveals being hit by Alexander Skarsgard during Big Little Lies took a toll 'He was devastated': Nicole Kidman says husband Keith Urban was shocked at her bruises after sex scenes with Alexander Skarsgard His life is one big musical! Pharrell Williams' story will be transformed into song for the big screen  Happy singer will tell his tale  Glee vet Matthew Morrison 'will guest star on season 13 of Grey's Anatomy' as Dr Paul Stadler Famed for starring as lovable teacher Will Schuester Clem Curtis, the original lead singer of The Foundations, has died age 76 following a battle with cancer Grieving family announced on Monday Kim Kardashian dons tiny cropped top which showcases her rock hard abs in seductive Instagram snap SPOILER ALERT: Katie Cassidy returns to Arrow...as a different character than the one she started out playing Flex appeal! A muscular Justin Theroux shows off his ripped arms in edgy punk shirt leaving the gym Lucky Jennifer! 'My hero, my mentor': Shannen Doherty pays touching tribute to her late father to commemorate his birthday Passed away in 2009 Something's brewing! Samuel L. Jackson and Oscar Isaac team up as they film dramatic scene for Life Itself in New York 'I can confirm it's over': Simon Bird breaks Inbetweeners fans' hearts as he insists the series is finished forever  Fuller House star Jodie Sweetin's ex-fiance Justin Hodak 'arrested for violating restraining order against her' Restraining order requiring him to stay away from star Monday optional! Lea Michele beats of the start-of-the-week blues as she runs errands make-up free The 30-year-old actress wore a sleeveless tank  'I'm not commenting on it at all': Teen Mom 2 star Jenelle Evans refuses to address new co-star Briana DeJesus after 2014 Twitter row Getting close in Cancun! Supergirl star Melissa Benoist shows off her slender frame as she vacations with co-star Chris Wood 'Stop and frisky': Erika Jayne plays naughty motorist with Gleb Savchenko as officer on Dancing With The Stars A very arresting dance routine The look of love! Christine Lampard stares adoringly at husband Frank as they enjoy a sunny breakfast in Chelsea Still head over heels Coquettish, me? No, it was just down to clever editing, claims Nigella: TV cook says she did not understand the double entendres that helped make her name  Salmon by the sea: Love Island star Katie struggles to contain her curves in a skimpy snakeskin bikini as she hits the beach in Dubai On a girls' break 'In the bedroom she'll say, 'you can't do that to me, you're my big brother!'' Kyle and Jackie O are shocked as a listener reveals he had a baby with his SISTER  Danniella Westbrook emerges in Spain after revealing secret miscarriage and plans for rehab in Twitter outburst MIC's Tiffany Watson flaunts her enviably gym-honed figure in vibrant bikini as she joins Frankie Gaff for cheeky Instagram video in Mauritius Billie Lourd chooses NOT to attend public memorial for mom Carrie Fisher and grandmother Debbie Reynolds as she had dinner with her father instead  I like the way you Rock'It Man: James Corden favours off-duty Elton John's favourite tracksuit and kooky specs look at Late Late Show filming Chip off the old block! Mike Comrie plays indoor hockey with son Luca as Hilary Duff films family fun for Snapchat Daring Dakota! Ms Johnson wears a Flaming Lips T-shirt with image of topless woman during solo shopping spree in West Hollywood Love in the air? Katy Perry, 32, and Ryan Phillippe, 42, 'totally flirting' at Elton John's 70th birthday bash Jerry Hall, 60, shows off her gorgeous figure in slinky lace gown as she cosies up to husband Rupert Murdoch, 86, at English National Opera gala 'She never spoiled herself': Angelina Jolie, 41, makes rare comments about her mother who died 10 years ago from cancer as she plugs Guerlain Jamie Oliver will visit Australia in May to launch new menu at his Jamie's Italian restaurants - after his company bought back the eateries She Khan't help herself! Curvy Chloe threatens to bust out of racy harness bra as she poses in negligee for the Geordie Shore boys' new brand Calls for Sir Patrick Stewart to appear on SNL as Kellyanne as old pictures of him in drag resurface looking UNCANNILY like Trump's counselor Conway  Wet hair, don't care! Nicole Kidman arrives at mother Janelle's house with Keith Urban sporting damp tresses... before leaving with her signature curls in a chic updo 'Hey guys, get out of my shot': Shirtless Chris Hemsworth steals the limelight as he photobombs his friend's romantic poolside snap The Rich Kids of Instagram are back in envy-inducing snaps of their early exotic holidays as they flaunt their figures in skimpy swimsuits Ruth Langsford suffers epic social media fail as she accidentally shares a VERY explicit photo alongside sweet Mother's Day tribute to her mum and sister 'The show will go ahead without him': Jeremy McConnell 'AXED from Ex On The Beach'... after arrest for allegedly assaulting ex Stephanie Davis Field of dreams for sale! Kevin Costner lists his sprawling Montecito property for $60million Fit to bust! Casey Batchelor threatens to spill out of tiny bikini top in eye-popping selfie... after saying her boobs have 'grown back' following breast reduction She's got chemistry! Make-up free Lily Collins proves she has effortless beauty down to a science during trip to gym 'Glad last week's over': Jeff Brazier says having Mother's Day and the anniversary of their mum Jade Goody's death is 'cruel blow' for his sons 'My skin is looking so good right now': Ashley James shows off new platinum locks as she goes make-up free in 'self-indulgent' post shower selfie Kendall Jenner flashes her nipples in extremely sheer bra as she puts on a daring display for Marilyn Monroe inspired shoot with Love Magazine Jemma Lucy bares all as she turns a hospital visit into a VERY racy shoot... after launching another foul-mouthed tirade at nemesis Charlotte Crosby Former TOWIE star Elliott Wright's fiancée Sadie Stuart puts on busty display in plunging lilac bikini as the couple enjoy getaway in Tenerife 'He likes what I like: cars, women, jewelry': Kylie Jenner's boyfriend Tyga on raising his 'spoiled' son King Cairo, four Vanessa Hudgens flaunts her impressive abs bin barely-there workout gear while leaving a gym in LA Envy-inducing middle  'Don't judge a book by its cover': Lindsay Lohan cloaks her head in white cloth in new Instagram after 'finding solace' while studying the Koran 'Saltwater hair': Kristin Cavallari bares her cleavage in string bikini during trip to Mexico after moving out of Illinois with husband Jay Cutler 'No big deal!': Kaley Cuoco enjoys beer in plunging top with boyfriend Karl Cook on day trip to Florida for Winter Equestrian Festival Gwyneth Paltrow proves her unusual health routines get results as she shows off natural beauty in Barcelona Kate Moss channels Parisian chic as she cuts a stylish figure in all black while catching up with best friend James Brown in London They won't get a ratings boost from Yeezy! Kanye West is 'NOT in talks to join Ryan Seacrest's revamped American Idol' It's a girl! Supernatural's Jared Padalecki and wife Genevieve Cortese welcome daughter Odette Elliott SPOILER ALERT: What about Ash? Pia Miller stuns in a summery frock as she films 'morning after' scenes for Home and Away with hunky tattooed co-star Jake Ryan Sarah Paulson may play Princess Diana on the next season of Feud which will focus on the royal's tempestuous relationship with Prince Charles Jeremy Kyle receives just £4 from more than 200 passers-by as he BEGS on the street while disguised as a homeless person for an 'extremely humbling' TV experiment 'There's an ache in my heart that never goes away': TOWIE's Carol Wright emotionally marks second Mother's Day without her mother Nanny Pat 'We're still friends': Darius Campbell confirms he and wife Natasha Henstridge are getting divorced despite briefly rekindling romance last year 'You had me at Merlot!': Eva Longoria wears funny statement top as she enjoys kisses from husband José Antonio Bastón Singer Sia wears giant pink bow and one of her quirky wigs to teach kids about the letter S alongside Grover on Sesame Street Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Skip to main content The Straits Times Tech Toggle navigation Home Singapore Politics Asia World Videos Multimedia Photos Graphics Lifestyle Food Forum Letters in Print Letters on the Web Readers' Post Opinion ST Editorial Cartoons Business Companies & Markets Economy Banking Property Invest Sport Football Tennis Formula One Basketball Golf Schools Tech Smartphones Tablets PCs Cameras Audio Wearables Games & Apps More Multimedia Forum Opinion Business Sport Tech SPH Websites SITES AsiaOne Berita Harian Hardwarezone herworldPLUS Lianhe Wanbao My Paper Omy razor SGCarMart ShareInvestor SRX Property STCars STClassifieds STJobs STProperty STOMP tabla Tamil Murasu The Business Times The New Paper ZaoBao Print Edition ePaper YouTube hate videos snare Ikea ads and others as Google crisis spreads Johnson & Johnson joined Verizon and AT&T in suspending digital advertising on Google's YouTube site over concerns their ads run next to offensive videos. Major advertisers across Europe are still appearing alongside extremist YouTube videos.PHOTO: REUTERS PublishedMar 24, 2017, 9:32 am SGT UpdatedMar 24, 2017, 2:55 pm More Share Tweet Linkedin Pin Google+ Reddit Print Permalink: http://str.sg/47HL Copy LONDON (Bloomberg) - Major advertisers across Europe are still appearing alongside extremist YouTube videos days after technology giant Google said it was taking steps to protect its clients from inadvertently supporting hate. An anti-semitic clip claiming the existence of a "Jewish World Order" was featured alongside advertisements in Germany from insurer AXA, oil company Total in France, Range Rover vehicles in South Africa, footwear retailer Skopunkten and website Tradera in Sweden, Bloomberg searches of YouTube from each country found on Thursday (March 23). Separately, a sermon by preacher Ahmad Musa Jibril, who according to United States prosecutors once took credit for a terrorist bombing in Saudi Arabia, can be viewed alongside advertisements from Nissan in Sweden and wireless carrier MTN Group in South Africa. Meanwhile, the Islamophobic English Defence League gathers support from advertisers Total, Netflix, IBM and watchmaker Tag Heuer International in France. The controversy over ad placement, now in its second week, is expanding at a pace Alphabet's Google has struggled to match in its response. On Thursday, as Alphabet Chairman Eric Schmidt said Google could "get pretty close" to guaranteeing companies' ads won't be placed near hateful material, advertisers throughout Europe were confronting more than a dozen new examples and scrambling to protect their brands. "We didn't know that our ads were played in this context," Axa spokesman Anja Kroll said in an e-mail. "We have immediately arranged for an update of the filters and stopped the delivery" of the ads because "diversity, tolerance and openness are values that are of key importance for us and that we practice daily". While Axa hasn't pulled its ads from YouTube, the German unit is using "blacklist" filters to prevent its ads from appearing next to extremist, racist or other undesired content, Ms Kroll said. In this case, she said, the filters apparently failed. "We don't comment on individual videos but as announced, we've begun an extensive review of our advertising policies and have made a public commitment to put in place changes that give brands more control over where their ads appear," a Google spokesman said. "We're also raising the bar for our ads policies to further safeguard our advertisers' brands." Range Rover said in an e-mail it was suspending its YouTube campaign in South Africa while it investigates. Telenor Sweden, which had an ad showing before a propaganda video from a Swedish neo-Nazi group, also halted all YouTube advertising, according to spokesman Aron Samuelsson. Nissan said it was "urgently reviewing" with Google while Nilson Group, owner of Skopunkten, said it had asked its media agency about the ads and is "awaiting answers", according to spokesman Linda Fernell. Total, IBM, MTN, Tag Heuer, HBO and Netflix didn't respond or had no immediate comment. Tradera's owner, Paypal Holdings, declined to comment. In Sweden, an Ikea spot was found alongside a homophobic and anti-Semitic video entitled: "Gay Pride Parade a Tool of International Jews." An ad for HBO's The Young Pope found its way to the pre-roll for "Jewish Hypocrisy - Flooding Europe With Immigrants" in Spain. "It is completely unacceptable that Ikea appears in a context like this," spokesman Cecilia Nettelbladt Stenberg said by phone. "What we've done now is to ask our media agency to immediately investigate the reason behind this." The discomfort highlights the reliance of Google and Facebook on automated computer programs that maximise volume and have helped them dominate online advertising, through their popular sites and their advertising networks. Digital advertising grew by 17 per cent globally to US$178 billion in 2016, according to marketing consultant Magna Global, which projects that digital-based ad sales will overtake TV to become the No. 1 media category this year. The global array of companies caught up in the controversy illustrates the scale of the problem for Google, which risks potential financial and reputational damage. The company was already facing claims in a lawsuit by the family of a terror attack victim that it profits from ads linked to terrorist propaganda promoting violence. The latest crisis erupted after a Times of London investigation last week revealed ads running alongside offensive content. Alphabet's market value has dropped by about US$24 billion this week. "A cascade of major brand boycotts for Google ad spend (mostly non-search) has emerged, raising concerns on first quarter and second quarter results and the future of programmatic advertising," Bank of America Merrill Lynch analyst Justin Post wrote in a research note on Thursday, referencing the automated software programs Google uses to match advertisers with content online. JP Morgan Chase & Co. and Ford Motor suspended their YouTube ads on Thursday. AT&T, Johnson & Johnson, GlaxoSmithKline and Verizon Communications joined the boycott earlier this week, after British Broadcasting Corp., Sainsbury, Volkswagen and Toyota Motor Corp. said they had pulled ads in Britain. The latest examples show the scope of the Google's problem isn't confined to two large markets. It's global, affecting major advertisers in big European markets including Germany, France and Sweden, as well as South Africa. At Skopunkten, a major shoe-store chain in Sweden, spokesman Ms Fernell said she was unaware of the "Jewish World Order" video but said the company had noticed some unwanted videos popping up in its YouTube campaigns. "I hope they can help us redirect the ads," she said. "We need to learn more about this." While Google's tools can be incredibly sophisticated, allowing ads to follow users from site to site, the software hasn't fully matched the human judgment necessary to protect brands from inadvertently funnelling cash to causes their customers would find objectionable. The high number of intermediaries in digital advertising further complicates the problem. So Google's announced fixes may not completely solve the challenge. "Google isn't yet fully addressing advertisers' concerns and needs to take stronger steps to regain the trust of brands," Morgan Stanley analyst Brian Nowak wrote in a note to clients Thursday. Google said Tuesday that it was increasing safeguards to protect advertisers, such as automatically excluding ads from videos deemed "potentially objectionable" and giving advertisers more control over placement. While YouTube revenue isn't reported separately by Google, analysts estimate the video site brings in billions of dollars each year, and say it's among Google's fastest-growing businesses. Mr Schmidt, in an appearance on Fox Business Network's Mornings With Maria on Thursday, said Google can generally ensure clients that their ads won't be placed next to "hate" content. "We match the ads and the content," Mr Schmidt said, according to a transcript from Fox Business. "But because we source the ads from everywhere, every once in a while somebody gets underneath the algorithm and they put in something that doesn't match." He said that Google had tightened its policies and increased the amount of time it spends manually reviewing the content, "and so I think we're going to be okay". Topics:  GOOGLE ADVERTISING AND MARKETING More Share Tweet Linkedin Pin Google+ Reddit Print Permalink: http://str.sg/47HL Copy BrandInsider Sponsored Content ibe_a125682_2017mar20_300x200.jpg 5 tips for better eye health sponsorednative.jpg What you need to know about Tanah Merah’s newest condominium st-web-special.jpg Fun with Mathematics. Train your brain with these problem-solving puzzles Shopping iPhone 7 Plus 128 GB Now On Sale! Check Latest Price Now! Attractive Digital Gadgets from $1!! Only @ Auction Q! Snap Up A Good Deal @ Qsquare Today! Check Out Fashion Runway @ Qsquare Market Now! More Deals on Qoo10 Subscribe to The Straits Times call 6388-3838 or click here Available for iPhones and iPads Available in Google Play Back to the top Singapore Politics Asia World Videos Multimedia Lifestyle Food Forum Opinion Business Sport Tech Follow ST The Straits Times SPH Digital News / Copyright © 2017 Singapore Press Holdings Ltd. Co. Regn. No. 198402868E. All rights reserved | Terms & Conditions | Data Protection Policy | Advertise with us We have been experiencing some problems with subscriber log-ins and apologise for the inconvenience caused. Until we resolve the issues, subscribers need not log in to access ST Digital articles. But a log-in is still required for our PDFs. Close
RecomN - Local Services| About Us| E-Paper| Search| MOBILE KLIK UNTUK PROJEKMMO 点击M中文网 Facebook Twitter RSS Last updated Tuesday, March 28, 2017 11:59 pm GMT+8 Kuala Lumpur 25°C, Mostly Cloudy MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Money Johnson & Johnson, JPMorgan suspend YouTube ads over offensive videos (VIDEO) Friday March 24, 2017 08:41 AM GMT+8 ICYMI The Edit: Johnny Depp to star as John McAfee in ‘King of the Jungle’ The Edit: Hollande presents Michelle Yeoh with third award PKR: Wan Azizah may leave hospital soon, illness nothing serious The Edit: Noble son or killer? China court case prompts debate Advertisement More stories                Tools Increase Text Decrease Text Reset Text Print Article A Johnson & Johnson building is shown in Irvine, California January 24, 2017. — Reuters picSAN FRANCISCO, March 24 — US healthcare conglomerate Johnson & Johnson and JPMorgan Chase & Co became the latest big US companies to suspend all digital advertising on Google’s YouTube, over concerns that its ads may have appeared on channels that broadcast offensive videos. Wireless carriers Verizon Communications Inc and AT&T Inc said on Wednesday they would suspend digital ads on YouTube, joining a list of well-known British brands such as retailer Marks and Spencer Group Plc that are deserting Alphabet Inc’s Google. Google has come under intense scrutiny for ads appearing alongside videos on YouTube carrying homophobic or anti-Semitic messages. The company vowed an overhaul of its practices and said on Wednesday it has started an extensive review of its advertising policies. Shares of Google parent Alphabet ended down 1.2 per cent, or US$10.15 (RM 44.95) per share, at US$839.65 on the New York Stock Exchange. Control over online ad placement has become a hot-button issue for advertisers, with social networks and news aggregators coming under fire during and after the US presidential election for spreading fake news reports. Advertisers have also sought to avoid having their brands appear beside content that they categorize as hate speech. J&J said yesterday it wanted to ensure that its product advertising did not appear on channels that promote “offensive content.” JPMorgan, the biggest US bank by assets and the biggest issuer of general purpose credit cards, suspended all of its ads from YouTube yesterday, according to spokeswoman Trish Wexler. The bank spends about US$3 billion on marketing each year. YouTube has been a key driver of growth for Google as its traditional business of search advertising matures. Google’s net ad revenue worldwide from YouTube was US$5.58 billion last year, according to New York-based research firm eMarketer. While major brands suspending advertising on YouTube is a public relations pain for Google, the suspensions do not affect Google’s biggest ad product, search. According to eMarketer, Google’s 2017 global ad revenue is projected to be US$73.75 billion, grabbing 62 per cent of the US$99.62-billion search market. Search accounts for 83 per cent of Google’s overall ad revenue. The financial hit is also less certain because digital platforms tend to collect the bulk of their revenue from small-to-medium sized companies who cannot afford to buy on TV. “Digital dependence on the long-tail of advertising clients means that while major advertisers like P&G or agencies like Havas can publicly protest, they do not have the same impact on a Google or a Facebook as they have on a CBS or NBC,” analysts at MoffettNathanson wrote yesterday. “In other words, if a major brand marketer or agency moves money to TV and out of digital, the TV industry will see the benefit whereas the digital industry might not truly feel it.” — Reuters                 MORE ON MMOTV Most Viewed Now Week Deutsche Bank board to meet Sunday to discuss capital hike Australia PM, Musk discuss offer to fix power woes Selangor Zakat Board targets RM700m tithe collection in 2017 Najib: Peugeot, Proton in talks on possible partnership Lufthansa warns Brexit to hit UK airlines as EU gets tough Australia PM, Musk discuss offer to fix power woes Deutsche Bank board to meet Sunday to discuss capital hike Selangor Zakat Board targets RM700m tithe collection in 2017 Nothing in this region comes close to Pengerang Jack Ma: DFTZ will be a Malaysian-run business Most Watched Now Week Reuters Video: ‘Babies’ on board for Beyonce and Jay Z Reuters Video: ‘The White Helmets’ filmmakers discuss ‘Muslim ban’ Reuters Video: Obama, Richard Branson go kiteboarding Reuters Video: ‘Babies’ on board for Beyonce and Jay Z Reuters Video: ‘The White Helmets’ filmmakers discuss ‘Muslim ban’ Reuters Video: Obama, Richard Branson go kiteboarding Related Articles AT&T, Verizon join Google ad boycott Google apologises to ad clients for YouTube content fiasco Johnson & Johnson wins trial in talc product liability lawsuits Source: Saudi Aramco taps JPMorgan, Morgan Stanley for IPO, HSBC a contender Facebook tunes trending topics to better deliver news Advertisement MMO Instagram Tweets by @themmailonline Tweets by @themmailonline MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Copyright © 2017 Malay Mail Online About Us | Contact Us | Policies | Search | Archive | E-Paper | Mobile | ProjekMMO | RecomN - Local Services
more_vert androidAndroid App facebookFacebook gplusGoogle + twitterTwitter youtubeYouTube rssRSS Feed search close android facebook gplus twitter youtube rss whatshotNews starsReviews phone_androidPhones tabletTablets appsApps gamesGames network_cellCarriers forumForums attach_moneyDeals Download the App Our Team Tip Us Google Hangouts is killing SMS support on May 22nd +10,886 Chris Chavez Mar 23rd, 2017 And just like that, Google has apparently been emailing G Suite admins, notifying them of some potentially big changes headed to Hangouts users. Come May 22nd, Google will officially remove SMS support through the app. It’s a change we’ve seen coming for quite some time now, with Google hinting to SMS users in Hangouts to try Google Messenger (now Android Messages) for over a year now. Google will soon provide a new popup message in Hangouts, letting anyone who still uses the app for SMS know that they’ll soon be pulling the plug on that feature, and to use a different app for SMS instead. It’s worth noting that Google Voice users (and by extension, Project Fi customers) wont be affected by this change, so don’t freak out yet. Google did recently update the Google Voice, so it’s possible they have more plans for it in the future. Here’s the vital info from the email that was posted onto Reddit a short time ago: Last year, we announced several improvements to the most popular features of Google Hangouts, such as the new video meetings experience and better group chat messaging. As part of that ongoing effort, we will be removing carrier SMS text messaging from Hangouts on Android after May 22, 2017. Note: Google Voice numbers will continue to be supported after May 22. This change only applies to SMS text messages sent and received from carrier phone numbers. We will prepare users for this change by showing an in-app message beginning March 27, 2017. Here is what users will see: For SMS users on Hangouts on Android (not including Google Voice) Users will be prompted to choose another default messaging app already installed on their phone. If none exists, they will be directed to the Google Play store to find a new SMS messaging app. Choosing a new messaging app will not impact existing SMS messages. All messages will be accessible in the new messaging app. For SMS users using Google Voice on Hangouts on Android Google Voice users who also send carrier SMS messages will need to choose another default messaging app. Their Google Voice messages will be unaffected and will still be available in Google Hangouts. For Google Voice users on Hangouts on Android Google Voice users who do not use carrier SMS text messaging will not be affected and no notification will be shown. For non-SMS users on Hangouts on Android No notification will be shown to users who do not have Hangouts enabled as the default SMS messenger app on their device. [Image credit: Android Police] Auto-load comments: Off On View comments (33) stars Further Reading How to watch the Samsung Galaxy S8 Live stream T-Mobile is giving everyone a free season of MLB.TV The Galaxy S8 may be slightly delayed The HTC Ocean will be released as the HTC U Huawei P10 launches in the UK stars Popular this Weeklaunch 1 more_vertGalaxy S8 leaks show multiple angles closeHere’s the Galaxy S8 from almost every angle imaginable In case you haven’t gotten enough of the Galaxy S8, here’s another set of photos to get you excited for next week’s unveiling. 2 more_vertHere are some high-quality shots of the Galax closeHere are some high-quality shots of the Galaxy S8 Plus A new series of images show off various interface aspects of the Samsung Galaxy S8 Plus. The images also show a brief size comparison to the LG V20. 3 more_vertNew Galaxy S8 leak sheds light on warranty program closeSamsung has been keeping some secrets on the Galaxy S8, until now Roland Quandt of WinFuture was able to get his hands on an array of new press images of the Galaxy S8 and S8 Plus, while also sharing details we have yet to see leaked. 4 more_vert7 reasons why I'll definitely be buying the LG G6 close7 reasons why I’ll definitely be buying the LG G6 With the LG G6 on the way to carriers across the US, I take a look at why I’ll be picking one up for myself instead of waiting for the likes of the Galaxy S8. 5 more_vert10 new actions have been added to the Google Home's arsenal closeYou can now ask Google Home to help you build your own PC A series of new actions have been added to Google Assistant, making it easy to do things such as control your Roomba or keep track of expiration dates for your food. 6 more_vertQualcomm blocked Samsung closeQualcomm blocked Samsung from selling their Exynos chip to other OEMs The Exynos chips have been made exclusively for Samsung phones, but apparently, Samsung tried to sell them to other manufacturers. A new report claims Qualcomm prevented that from happening. 7 more_vertMichael Kors announces 2 new Android Wear watches closeMichael Kors announces 2 new Android Wear 2.0 watches without the ugly flat tire Fossil-owned fashion brand Michael Kors has announced 2 new Access smartwatches for launch this year. They’ll be donning Android Wear 2.0 and have some significant improvements. 8 more_vertFree App of the Week debuts on the Play Store closeGoogle introduces a “Free App of the Week” section on the Play Store Google has introduced a new “Free App of the Week” section on the Play Store, which takes a paid app or game and offers it for free for a whole week. 9 more_vertOfficial Samsung Galaxy S8 accessories leaked closeOfficial Samsung Galaxy S8 accessories leaked along with pricing info A number of high quality images have leaked showing official Galaxy S8 accessories. Check out the post for a look at Samsung’s DeX Station and a handful of different cases Samsung will be offering, but they wont come cheap. 10 more_vertLG G6 versus Google Pixel: camera shootout closeLG G6 versus Google Pixel: camera shootout We’ve matched up the LG G6 against the Google Pixel to see which smartphone takes the best pictures. Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Phandroid.com, 2007-2017
× Get WND's mobile app for free. Simply tap the button below, and choose "Add to Home Screen" The mobile shortcut will then be added as an icon on your home screen. Press your menu button and find the option to bookmark this page (a star icon for some browsers). Then choose the option to add this bookmark to your home screen. Front Page   |  Subscribe   |  ADVERTISE WITH US Follow Frontpage Politics U.S. World Faith Health Education WND TV WND TV Exclusive The Underground IT'S SUPERNATURAL! with Sid Roth The Glazov Gang Focus on Israel with Laurie Cardoza-Moore Survival Tips with Manny Edwards The Watchers Just The Facts with Richard Rives The Heavens Declare with David Rives Opinion Commentary Email to the Editor Cartoons Commentator Lineup Money Market Overview Sectors Stocks Mutual Funds & ETF's Currencies Diversions TV Guide MovieGuide Reviews Joke of the Day Superstore Books Video Magazines Desktop & Journals Home Bath & Body Accessories & Jewelry Health Preparedness Christmas Patriotic Homeschool Games & Puzzles Gift Wrap Donations Google, YouTube boycott over 'extremist' ads slams shares GOOGL stock plunges 4% since Friday after major marketing campaigns pulled Published: 5 days ago (USA Today) An advertising boycott of Google’s video service YouTube has slashed billions from parent company Alphabet’s market cap. Shares of GOOGL have fallen nearly 4% since Friday after major advertisers began pulling marketing campaigns from YouTube and Google after learning their brands may have appeared alongside videos promoting terrorism and other offensive content. Advertisers including AT&T, Verizon, Johnson & Johnson, GSK and Enterprise Holdings said this week they would halt all ad spending on Google except for search ads. That means those ads will no longer run on YouTube or the two million websites that take part in Google’s ad network. Read the full story › Share on Facebook Share on Twitter ShareEmail  Print Note: Read our discussion guidelines before commenting. Trial / Monthly / ANNUAL Subscribe / Gift / Renew sections WND TV Commentary Politics U.S. World Faith Health Education Money Diversions features American Minute Cartoons Reviews Email to the Editor Petitions Joke of the Day resources About WND Advertising Commentator Lineup Donate to WND News Alerts G2 Bulletin WND Superstore WND Books Whistleblower column WND Weekly Who Reads Us Who's Who at WND WND History WND Scoops Mobile WND Contact WND Advertising Inquiries Corrections Email to the Editor News Tips Testimonials Questions © Copyright 1997-2017. All Rights Reserved. WND.com. Terms of Use Privacy Policy Desktop Site Mobile Site
Slashdot Stories Firehose All Popular Polls Deals Submit Search Slashdot Login or Sign up Topics: Devices Build Entertainment Technology Open Source Science YRO Follow us: RSS Facebook Google+ Twitter Newsletter Please create an account to participate in the Slashdot moderation system   Nickname: Password: Public Terminal Forgot your password? Close binspamdupenotthebestofftopicslownewsdaystalestupid freshfunnyinsightfulinterestingmaybe offtopicflamebaittrollredundantoverrated insightfulinterestinginformativefunnyunderrated descriptive typodupeerror DEAL: For $25 - Add A Second Phone Number To Your Smartphone for life! Use promo code SLASHDOT25. Also, Slashdot's Facebook page has a chat bot now. Message it for stories and more. Check out the new SourceForge HTML5 internet speed test! × 89996237 story YouTube Loses Major Advertisers Over Offensive Videos (rollingstone.com) 253 Posted by BeauHD on Thursday March 23, 2017 @08:05PM from the advertising-boycott dept. An anonymous reader quotes a report from Rolling Stone: Verizon, AT&T, Johnson & Johnson and other major companies have pulled advertisements from YouTube after learning they were paired with videos promoting extremism, terrorism and other offensive topics, The New York Times reports. Among the other companies involved are pharmaceutical giant GSK, HSBC, the Royal Bank of Scotland and L'Oreal, amounting to a potential loss of hundreds of millions of dollars to the Google-owned company. The boycott began last week after a Times of London investigation spurred many major European companies to pull their ads from YouTube. American companies swiftly followed, even after Google promised Tuesday to work harder to block ads on "hateful, offensive and derogatory" videos. Like AT&T, most companies are only pulling their ads from YouTube and will continue to place ads on Google's search platforms, which remain the biggest source of revenue for Google's parent company, Alphabet. Still, the tech giant offered up a slew of promises to assuage marketers and ensure them that they were fixing the problems on YouTube. Due to the massive number of videos on YouTube -- about 400 hours of video is posted each minute -- the site primarily uses an automated system to place ads. While there are some failsafes in place to keep advertisements from appearing alongside offensive content, Google's Chief Business Officer Philipp Schindler wrote in a blog post that the company would hire "significant numbers" of employees to review YouTube videos and mark them as inappropriate for ads. He also said Google's latest advancements in artificial intelligence and machine learning will help the company review and flag large swaths of videos. business internet media ← Related Links → Canada To Tax Ride-Sharing Providers Like Uber Google To Revamp Policies, Hire Staff After UK Ad Scandal Submission: YouTube Loses Major Advertisers Over Offensive Videos Still More Advertisers Pull Google Ads Over YouTube Hate Videos Apple Explores Using An iPhone, iPad To Power a Laptop YouTube Loses Major Advertisers Over Offensive Videos More | Reply Login YouTube Loses Major Advertisers Over Offensive Videos Post Load All Comments  Full  Abbreviated  Hidden /Sea Score: 5 4 3 2 1 0 -1 More | Reply Login   Nickname: Password: Public Terminal Forgot your password? Close Close Search 253 Comments Log In/Create an Account Comments Filter: All Insightful Informative Interesting Funny The Fine Print: The following comments are owned by whoever posted them. We are not responsible for them in any way. It's rock and hard place time for youtube (Score:5, Insightful) by Anonymous Coward writes: on Thursday March 23, 2017 @08:10PM (#54099483) They can either honor the ethos that brought all the eyes to the videos or they can die slowly trying to suck the cock of Wall Street while losing viewers to other video channels. That whole market forces thing is a bitch. Reply to This Share twitter facebook linkedin Flag as Inappropriate Re: (Score:3) by jandersen ( 462034 ) writes: They can either honor the ethos that brought all the eyes to the videos or they can die slowly trying to suck the cock of Wall Street while losing viewers to other video channels. That whole market forces thing is a bitch. So it is. Just to clarify, the market in this case is the advertisers, not the people who come to YouTube; they are the livestock that they are trying to sell. So, the market is now deciding that they don't want this sort of cattle; they want people that would potentially be interested in becoming customers of the companies they are advertising for. And the thing is - idiots that keep posting extreme materials online constitute only a tiny minority, but they drive away the huge majority, who don't want to b Re: (Score:3, Interesting) by ArmoredDragon ( 3450605 ) writes: Well, you know what they say about all good things. Given Europe's attitude towards hate speech and how they enforce "right to be forgotten", I'm surprised that they haven't already erected a GFW at this point and outright blocked youtube, facebook, and twitter, and/or just outright blocked any and all content that might offend somebody in some way unless the police in Germany and France can be given special moderator permissions to delete content as they please. chip on your shoulder (Score:5, Insightful) by DrYak ( 748999 ) writes: on Thursday March 23, 2017 @08:58PM (#54099761) Homepage Given Europe's attitude towards hate speech and how they enforce "right to be forgotten", I'm surprised that they haven't already erected a GFW at this point ...said the main living in the glorious country where the simple apparition of a nipple is considered a major mediatic catastrophe, where breast feeding is a public offense, and where anything remotely sexual is sure to traumatise the next few generations of youth. (and where nude bodies are probably terrorism-level material). To each country and culture its own taboos. For Germany, it might be hate speech, for France it might be "right to be forgotten", and for the USA it's anything which isn't missionary position with the sole purpose to procreate. Beware of the nude-nipple-terrorists, America ! Reply to This Parent Share twitter facebook linkedin Flag as Inappropriate Re:chip on your shoulder (Score:5, Informative) by ShanghaiBill ( 739463 ) writes: on Thursday March 23, 2017 @09:18PM (#54099853) ...said the main living in the glorious country where the simple apparition of a nipple is considered a major mediatic catastrophe Nipples are only banned from broadcast TV. On cable, and on the internet, Americans are nipple tolerant. where breast feeding is a public offense Here is a complete exhaustive list of all the American states where public breastfeeding is illegal: 1. Idaho It is legal everywhere else [huffingtonpost.com]. Reply to This Parent Share twitter facebook linkedin Flag as Inappropriate Re: (Score:2) by rfengr ( 910026 ) writes: Back in the early 90's on channel 50 in DC, they'd show Bizarre which had fully exposed boobs. This was after 12 PM. Mid 80's was Super TV which was scrambled, but you could still make out the porn. Re: (Score:2, Informative) by just another AC ( 2679463 ) writes: where breast feeding is a public offense Here is a complete exhaustive list of all the American states where public breastfeeding is illegal: 1. Idaho It is legal everywhere else [huffingtonpost.com]. That is 1 state above the threshold for making the criticism legitimate. I mean breastfeeding... FFS... it is a normal part of life, completely non sexual, and in no way affects anyone other than mother and child. Re:chip on your shoulder (Score:5, Informative) by ShanghaiBill ( 739463 ) writes: on Thursday March 23, 2017 @10:39PM (#54100191) That is 1 state above the threshold for making the criticism legitimate. It is technically illegal in one rural state, yet, despite claims to the contrary [snopes.com], there is no record of anyone ever being procesecuted in Idaho for feeding a baby. It is a total non-issue, and anyone upset about the zero women who have gone to jail is just looking for some phony manufactured issue to be outraged about. So God bless motherhood, and God bless the United States of America. Reply to This Parent Share twitter facebook linkedin Flag as Inappropriate Re: (Score:2) by jandersen ( 462034 ) writes: I mean breastfeeding... FFS... it is a normal part of life, completely non sexual, and in no way affects anyone other than mother and child. How can you say such a thing; if God had meant women to breast-feed, he would have created them with,... er, never mind. Re: (Score:2) by thegarbz ( 1787294 ) writes: You've clearly never typed breast feeding into pornhub. Re: (Score:2) by antek9 ( 305362 ) writes: no one wants to be in contact with a person who is visibly sweating in public Apart from, of course, developers, developers, developers. Re: (Score:2) by Pieroxy ( 222434 ) writes: I'll sum-up your post: To force all breast-feeding mothers outside of public places is a non-issue. Well, I beg to differ. If you're offended by nature, stay home and clse the shades. Let the mothers breastfeed wherever the fuck they want. Re: (Score:3) by gnick ( 1211984 ) writes: And it can easily be done elsewhere than in public. Yes it can. In fact, I'm a little offended seeing you eat. You can easily eat at home. Stop eating in public - To make me more comfortable. Re: (Score:2) by AmiMoJo ( 196126 ) writes: Legal and socially acceptable, won't get you kicked out of the restaurant or attract abusive comments at the mall, are two entirely different things. America also seems to have an obsession with toilet habits, particularly those of transgender people. Re: (Score:2) by Ol Olsoc ( 1175323 ) writes: ...said the main living in the glorious country where the simple apparition of a nipple is considered a major mediatic catastrophe, where breast feeding is a public offense, and where anything remotely sexual is sure to traumatise the next few generations of youth. (and where nude bodies are probably terrorism-level material). To each country and culture its own taboos. For Germany, it might be hate speech, for France it might be "right to be forgotten", and for the USA it's anything which isn't missionary position with the sole purpose to procreate. Beware of the nude-nipple-terrorists, America ! Cool story Bro! You really don't know much about us. But you have a nice far right wing level of pre-judgement. Re: (Score:2) by war4peace ( 1628283 ) writes: 89% of all porn made is produced in the USA. http://www.canadianbusiness.co... [canadianbusiness.com] Ahem... Re: (Score:2) by Big Hairy Ian ( 1155547 ) writes: Yes but it goes the other way with marriage laws there are still several states where it's legal to marry your 13 year old cousin :) Re: (Score:2) by Applehu Akbar ( 2968043 ) writes: Nipples are rampant on PBS. That's because the shows are British. This will go on until sharia law is imposed over there, at which time we will have to import our PBS nipples from, say, Canada. Re: It's rock and hard place time for youtube (Score:5, Informative) by Scarletdown ( 886459 ) writes: on Friday March 24, 2017 @12:04AM (#54100477) Journal To honor the days when the internet was fun: they can suck a llama's ass I think you have been doing it wrong all these years. You are supposed to whip the llama's ass, not suck it. Reply to This Parent Share twitter facebook linkedin Flag as Inappropriate Loss of control (Score:2) by guruevi ( 827432 ) writes: When your entire revenue is dependent on quantity with minimal quality investment you lose control. When you lose control things go down hill fast (just see what MySpace and Geocities eventually became). And there is currently no AI that can discriminate between poetry, let alone what certain markets find offensive. From the other end: Although I don't understand why a potential advertiser would not want to promote their product in front of any audience. These types of things are bound to happen when you dep Re:Loss of control (Score:5, Informative) by namgge ( 777284 ) writes: on Thursday March 23, 2017 @08:38PM (#54099647) I don't understand why a potential advertiser would not want to promote their product in front of any audience. It's not that the advertisers care who watches their adverts; the more the merrier no doubt. The issue here is that the producers of unsavoury content are being supported by income provided by the advertisers. Reply to This Parent Share twitter facebook linkedin Flag as Inappropriate Re: (Score:3) by Baloroth ( 2370816 ) writes: The issue here is that the producers of unsavoury content are being supported by income provided by the advertisers. They probably don't really care about that either. What they care about is not being associated in the public mind with such socially unacceptable content, and as a plus by pulling their advertising dollars they can gain free advertisement from the news stories about pulling their ads. Re: (Score:3) by Tranzistors ( 1180307 ) writes: as a plus by pulling their advertising dollars they can gain free advertisement from the news stories about pulling their ads. This sounds like a risky strategy. I don't think a headline “MacDonalds pulls funding from ISIS” would be in their interest. Wait a minute... (Score:5, Interesting) by Yaztromo ( 655250 ) writes: on Thursday March 23, 2017 @08:20PM (#54099555) Homepage Journal American companies swiftly followed, even after Google promised Tuesday to work harder to block ads on "hateful, offensive and derogatory" videos. So let me get this straight -- racists, misogynists, and terrorists are going to benefit from an ad-free experience, and yet my 6 year old daughter has to put up with ads for mortgages and makeup and other adult stuff when she wants to watch kids videos? WTF did we ever do to you Google that dirtbags get an out from Youtube ads, but the rest of us have to suffer? Yaz Reply to This Share twitter facebook linkedin Flag as Inappropriate Re: (Score:3) by Ol Olsoc ( 1175323 ) writes: American companies swiftly followed, even after Google promised Tuesday to work harder to block ads on "hateful, offensive and derogatory" videos. So let me get this straight -- racists, misogynists, and terrorists are going to benefit from an ad-free experience, and yet my 6 year old daughter has to put up with ads for mortgages and makeup and other adult stuff when she wants to watch kids videos? WTF did we ever do to you Google that dirtbags get an out from Youtube ads, but the rest of us have to suffer? Yaz Daddy? What's erectile dysfunction and should we ask the perdiatrician if cialis is right for me? Pretty creepy crap for kids to be watching. Re: (Score:2) by thinkwaitfast ( 4150389 ) writes: I can't be sure, but I'd bet it's similar to light to moderate plaque psoriasis. I don't know whether I should be thankful or not that google thinks I'm a menopausal woman. Re: (Score:2) by Ol Olsoc ( 1175323 ) writes: I can't be sure, but I'd bet it's similar to light to moderate plaque psoriasis. I don't know whether I should be thankful or not that google thinks I'm a menopausal woman. Just remember, you may be eligible for substantial compensation. Re: (Score:2) by Yaztromo ( 655250 ) writes: Daddy? What's erectile dysfunction and should we ask the perdiatrician if cialis is right for me? Daddy has no idea what that is, or what it's for ;). If it were up to me, you'd be modded +5 Funny. Yaz Re: (Score:2) by AmiMoJo ( 196126 ) writes: It's worse than that. Kids looking for videos about transgender issues or homosexuality will find that they are now restricted. We are talking about really benign stuff like make-up tips for trans girls and support for victims of transphobic bullying at school. Google has gone way too far. Re: (Score:2) by Ol Olsoc ( 1175323 ) writes: It's worse than that. Kids looking for videos about transgender issues or homosexuality will find that they are now restricted. We are talking about really benign stuff like make-up tips for trans girls and support for victims of transphobic bullying at school. Google has gone way too far. Sounds like an algorithm coming up against an age restriction issue. Then again, I've never searched for makeup tips for any gender. Re: Wait a minute... (Score:2) by nitehawk214 ( 222219 ) writes: Those channels also stop getting revenue, which will cause many of them to leave YouTube. Re: (Score:2) by rtb61 ( 674572 ) writes: Not really. What they will do is simply provide ad space within the video at the start or finish or part way between and for most, that is enough revenue. The only intelligent response from Google to advertisers, do want you ad dollars associated with certain videos, not a problem, review all google videos and decide which ones you will allow your ads to be associated with. The flip side of that is Google should also allow content producers to decide which advertisements they will allow to be associated wit Re: (Score:2) by GNious ( 953874 ) writes: I think we can already select (ca) what kinds of ads to run on our channel .. Re: (Score:2) by MysteriousPreacher ( 702266 ) writes: Most of them just go down the Patreon route. Even without monetisation, YouTube's free hosting is too good a deal to pass up. You also have the added bonus that you viewers are not being hassled with adverts. From YouTube's perspective, they'll still make their money with cat videos. The edgy or controversial stuff is a net loss to YouTube. This is why relying exclusively on YouTube monetisation is a very bad idea - your channel can be buggered up for any number of arbitrary reasons. Big YouTubers have enoug Re: (Score:2) by nitehawk214 ( 222219 ) writes: The problem is that who decides what is "inappropriate"? I hear that religious/atheist/political channels are already being demonitized. Re: (Score:2) by interkin3tic ( 1469267 ) writes: You use bandwidth without paying for it. If you had google music or youtube red there wouldn't be ads. I do agree that it's messed up. Even the dumbest Americans should be capable of realizing that running ads during a youtube video doesn't equal approving of the content. But we didn't have so many idiots, we wouldn't have the problems we do today. Re: (Score:3) by Yaztromo ( 655250 ) writes: You use bandwidth without paying for it. I'm not complaining about the need for ads; it's that they're effectively going to be exempting you from seeing advertising if you're watching terrorist propaganda, or racist rants, or two girls one cup, or whatever else gets deemed "inappropriate", while at the same time happily showing my 6 year old daughter ads for erectile dysfunction medication when see wants to watch "Wheels on the Bus". If you had google music or youtube red there wouldn't be ads. Which would be fine if Youtube Red were available in my country. But it isn't. I'm not sure about Google Music -- Re: (Score:2) by GNious ( 953874 ) writes: Didn't they make a YouTube for kids specifically for this purpose? Also, what in your 6-yr old's search-history has caused Google to think she needs a mortgage? (note: my now-7-yr uses my computer, but a separate browser profile, for her stuff incl school-work) Re: (Score:2) by Alumoi ( 1321661 ) writes: Didn't you get the memo? Skipping ads or blocking them is incouraging terrorists. A good consumer likes the ads and can't wait to get more of them. He even skips the content in order to see the next ad. And he buys! Oh man, he buys all the crap, especially when he doesn't need it. Young people must be educated to like ads and grow up to be good consumes. Re: (Score:2) by Yaztromo ( 655250 ) writes: God forbid your daughter consumes paid content without you having to pay a dime for it, paps, while people already paid over Patreon say things you disagree with "for free". My daughter has zero buying power. She doesn't understand the ads. And what's worse, the ads that typically come up aren't even close to age appropriate. This isn't a case of Youtube showing her ads for toys she might ask me for -- they're ads for inappropriate things. They will never generate a sale for the advertiser. Yet, at the same time, groups that Google (not I) determines to be disagreeable will now have an ad-free experience. I'd actually rather that if they insist on showing my daughter an ad Re: (Score:2) by war4peace ( 1628283 ) writes: To add to that... I've created a child account on my Windows 10 OS, my kids are using it and they watch Youtube videos tailored to their age. However, the ads running there don't match the content type most times, even though I've created a Google account for them alone, hoping that whatever algorithms Google uses would realize all watched content is kid-oriented. Granted, the recommendations for videos do match the ones they watch, but the ads don't, so I added AdBlock plus and most inappropriate ads went a Youtube lost me to forced ads. (Score:5, Interesting) by MindPrison ( 864299 ) writes: on Thursday March 23, 2017 @08:25PM (#54099573) Journal There was a time when I really enjoyed browsing youtube videos. And I didn't really mind a little advertisement break here and there. But what killed youtube for me - was the now forced (unskippable) ads that often last well into 30 seconds or more, just for checking out a video. I like seeing if I want to watch this or not, now there's a forced ad on every second video I decide to check. Now, before my dear Slashdotters say "well, you can use adblocker" etc, please keep in mind that a lot of us watch youtube on our "smart-tv" devices, Nintendos, Xbox's Youtube app etc. Reply to This Share twitter facebook linkedin Flag as Inappropriate Re: Youtube lost me to forced ads. (Score:2, Informative) by Anonymous Coward writes: So then block the ads with your router. 1 change and it covers all your devices. Re: (Score:2) by MindPrison ( 864299 ) writes: This is actually a good idea, thanks - I'll look into this. Re: (Score:2) by Alumoi ( 1321661 ) writes: A router with DDWRT or equivalent is also a good solution for blocking ads. Re: (Score:2) by jafiwam ( 310805 ) writes: Or use a HOSTS file ad blocker. I have been smiling my way through this entire bitch fest of a thread wondering about all the wonderful ads I have missed and had know idea they existed. There's a file set maintained by some hobbyist (not our famous slashdot spammer) that provides a HOSTS file for you to drop into your operating system. Another option is running your own DNS and getting one of the "block by domain" tools. I see a few ads on facebook that are fed directly from their servers, but all google t Re: (Score:2) by tepples ( 727027 ) writes: please keep in mind that a lot of us watch youtube on our "smart-tv" devices, Nintendos, Xbox's Youtube app etc. Or use a HOSTS file ad blocker. Editing the hosts file requires root access. Root access is difficult to come by other than on personal computers. You'd need to run your own DNS to cover devices where only the manufacturer, not the owner, has root. Re: (Score:2) by Actually, I do RTFA ( 1058596 ) writes: Well, don't use a smart-tv. Buy a Roku or Raspberry Pi for all of $35 (either). Or don't buy either, and pay that in eyeball time. Re:Youtube lost me to forced ads. (Score:5, Informative) by AmiMoJo ( 196126 ) writes: <<mojo> <at> <world3.net>> on Friday March 24, 2017 @04:41AM (#54100955) Homepage Journal Try adding the following to your router's domain block list: ssl.google-analytics.com www-google-analytics.l.google.com stats.g.doubleclick.net clients.l.google.com pagead.l.doubleclick.net www-googletagmanager.l.google.com googleadapis.l.google.com ads.youtube.com s0.2mdn.net s1.2mdn.net googleads.g.doubleclick.net pubads.g.doubleclick.net ad.doubleclick.net static.doubleclick.net files.adform.net secure-ds.serving-sys.com You can now enjoy an ad-free YouTube experience on your TV/games console/phone/tablet. Reply to This Parent Share twitter facebook linkedin Flag as Inappropriate Re: (Score:2) by serviscope_minor ( 664417 ) writes: Try adding the following to your router's domain block list Or to your hosts file :) Re: (Score:2) by AmiMoJo ( 196126 ) writes: DNS66 for Android is a good option too. You need root to edit the hosts file, but DNS66 creates a local VPN instead so no root required. It's open source too. Re: (Score:2) by MysteriousPreacher ( 702266 ) writes: I haven't seen an unstoppable advertisement in a very long while. I'm on of those weirdos who actually watch the adverts if they're 30 seconds or less. I figure it's not a big deal for me and it adds a little revenue to the channel. Priorities (Score:5, Interesting) by DeplorableCodeMonkey ( 4828467 ) writes: on Thursday March 23, 2017 @08:25PM (#54099575) These companies have been putting so much effort into detecting "hate speech," but the number of times that my wife has had to hit the home button on the Roku to stop a horror movie trailer or something equally inappropriate on content appropriate for preschoolers is truly appalling. But we're not triggered, we just deal with it so we don't count. Reply to This Share twitter facebook linkedin Flag as Inappropriate Re: (Score:3) by Motherfucking Shit ( 636021 ) writes: Right you are, Mary was but a child when the predator Joseph popped her cherry. He'd be in prison for that nowadays in any civilized country. They couldn't fess up to a little hanky panky so they told a little fib about "God did it," and 2000 years later, we're still paying the price! HSBC (Score:5, Insightful) by intertrode ( 1564753 ) writes: on Thursday March 23, 2017 @08:28PM (#54099585) Wow, look at HSBC withe their moral superiority. The same bank that launders money for drug lords and the Russian mafia. Reply to This Share twitter facebook linkedin Flag as Inappropriate Re: (Score:2) by bill_mcgonigle ( 4333 ) * writes: It's funny that Pewdiepie's viewership and HSBC's clientele have a large overlap. W Anyway, a company that gets millennials will take that slice of business away from them, so there's little problem here. Is this San Francisco "offensive" or the real kind (Score:3, Insightful) by elrous0 ( 869638 ) writes: on Thursday March 23, 2017 @08:28PM (#54099589) Because if "offensive" is defined as "anyone who supports Donald Trump or refuses to accept the new SJW definition of 'equality'" then I have a bit of a problem with that. Reply to This Share twitter facebook linkedin Flag as Inappropriate Re: (Score:2) by thinkwaitfast ( 4150389 ) writes: I'm probably flagged as a conspiracy theorist by google (ff/ddg incognito always). I have a whole section of google news of anti-trump stories and have been bombarded by them since 4 months before the election (they started over night). I've never clicked on a google news story (I simply don't care if it doesn't affect me and there's nothing I can do) other than the rare space related and only skim headlines. I get most of my news from wikipedia. No, "offensive" is defined as racism (Score:3, Insightful) by rsilvergun ( 571051 ) writes: Trump (really Bannon, Trump's just the mouth piece) managed to make racism OK again. I'll Let that one sink in... Re: (Score:3) by Raenex ( 947668 ) writes: Yes, if you don't want your country flooded with illegal immigrants or Muslims, you are racist. *facepalm* Re: (Score:2) by jafiwam ( 310805 ) writes: Trump (really Bannon, Trump's just the mouth piece) managed to make racism OK again. I'll Let that one sink in... Actually, it started long before those two hit the stage with any power. See, there is an old story about a boy, and a possibly fictitious wolf... The way to understand why this happened, is to go take your mirror off the wall, put it on the floor in a well lit room, take off your pants, and slowly sit on it while closely looking at the mirror. Nobody cares anymore about what you think is "racism" because you said it about everybody and everything. Which is probably the case with your opinion here too. Bu Re: (Score:2) by AmiMoJo ( 196126 ) writes: You can't really accuse YouTube of accepting the "SJW definition" of anything, because they have started restricting access to trans make-up advice videos and anything with the world "gay" in the title. They are getting a beating on Twitter for it but don't seem to be relenting. If anything, it seems like they have taken the alt-right definition of "offensive". Re: (Score:2) by serviscope_minor ( 664417 ) writes: Oh grow up. Because if "offensive" is defined as... If you're ignorant then you've been trying to be and you're exceptionally foolish jumping right into the converstation, putting forth your deeply held opinions without the slightest connection to the story. If you're not ignorant then you know EXACTLY what is going on, you are just trying to stir up shit about people you hate (and by the way you're a fuckwit), namely SJWs You very well know that big money spending advertisers have pulled advertising because t Re: (Score:2) by bluefoxlucid ( 723572 ) writes: They don't support extremism. If you suggest extremism might be a thing in their presence, they will swiftly bar you from any and all contact with them, and call all their friends to ensure your cash flows stop and you die a slow death. Re:Is this San Francisco "offensive" or the real k (Score:5, Interesting) by elrous0 ( 869638 ) writes: on Thursday March 23, 2017 @08:40PM (#54099653) You were going to say that no matter whether it was relevant of not (which it isn't) It's absolutely relevant if it's true. Youtube is being very cagey about exactly what videos it means here. The meaning of words like "derogatory" vary SIGNIFICANTLY depending on who you're asking. Reply to This Parent Share twitter facebook linkedin Flag as Inappropriate Re:Is this San Francisco "offensive" or the real k (Score:4, Insightful) by elrous0 ( 869638 ) writes: on Thursday March 23, 2017 @11:25PM (#54100341) Why are you objecting to ISIS videos in terms of Trump? Because the language Google is using sounds like this includes WAY more than just ISIS videos. Words like "derogatory" take on a whole new meaning in Silicon Valley on on college campuses today than they do in red state America. So it's very important to establish EXACTLY whose definitions we're using here and exactly what videos are going to be blacklisted. Reply to This Parent Share twitter facebook linkedin Flag as Inappropriate Re: (Score:3) by Motherfucking Shit ( 636021 ) writes: Words like "derogatory" take on a whole new meaning in Silicon Valley on on college campuses today than they do in red state America. Why not set up your own video streaming site that caters to red state America? You could call it "RedTube." Re:Is this San Francisco "offensive" or the real k (Score:4, Insightful) by Raenex ( 947668 ) writes: on Friday March 24, 2017 @12:31AM (#54100551) What is "offensive" is defined by the companies who are paying Google to place their ads. It's defined by the "progressives" that whine the loudest when somebody speaks out against one of their pet causes. The social justice warriors of today are the same breed as the religious right from 20-30 years ago. If these companies had any business sense or corporate responsibility, they would just ignore them instead of trying to appease them. Reply to This Parent Share twitter facebook linkedin Flag as Inappropriate You could ... (Score:5, Funny) by PPH ( 736903 ) writes: on Thursday March 23, 2017 @08:29PM (#54099593) ... pair up all the ISIS promotional videos with ads for feminine products. Reply to This Share twitter facebook linkedin Flag as Inappropriate I noticed that they block you (Score:2) by waspleg ( 316038 ) writes: if you're logged in to google account and running an adblocker while watching Youtube videos; they will eventually mysteriously error out. But, if you're not logged in and run one, they play fine all day and ad free. Re: (Score:2) by hcs_$reboot ( 1536101 ) writes: What OS and browser is that? Never saw that in Chrome / Linux Re: (Score:2) by hcs_$reboot ( 1536101 ) writes: Noticed something annoying: in most web pages having an embedded youtube video, Fullscreen doesn't work unless you go to the youtube site Re: (Score:2) by markdavis ( 642305 ) writes: >Noticed something annoying: in most web pages having an embedded youtube video, Fullscreen doesn't work unless you go to the youtube site" I noticed things MORE annoying- websites with AUTO PLAYING video. And videos where your only option is to watch a postage stamp or take over the whole freaking monitor (like a "larger" or even full *window* option would be so difficult?) Fullscreen to be restricted to secure cont (Score:2) by tepples ( 727027 ) writes: I think that has something to do with browser publishers deprecating the Fullscreen API on cleartext HTTP sites [stackoverflow.com] to make it harder for a man in the middle to impersonate your device's operating system [feross.org]. (Search keyword "secure contexts" [w3.org].). Do the pages an where embedded YouTube video falls to go full screen use HTTPS or cleartext HTTP? Re: (Score:2) by FrankHaynes ( 467244 ) writes: If open a bunch of videos in tabs to view sequentially, the tabs that have been sitting untouched the longest apparently lose their sessions to expiry so you have to reload that video page. Otherwise I have not experienced what you describe. the Snowflake Jihad (Score:5, Insightful) by Anonymous Coward writes: on Thursday March 23, 2017 @08:30PM (#54099599) We are under a constant assault by a Snowflake jihad whose understanding of freedom of speech is limited to what they agree with. In America this is probably the darkest time in over 200 years with regards to the Bill of Rights. We are living in an age of the self-righteous perpetually offended punk, a punk without a hint of self-understanding or irony. Reply to This Share twitter facebook linkedin Flag as Inappropriate Re: (Score:3, Informative) by Motherfucking Shit ( 636021 ) writes: This has absolutely nothing to do with freedom of speech. You're welcome to buy a server and host all the racist, hateful videos you care to upload. YouTube isn't required to host them for you, and their advertisers aren't required to pay for the privilege. Re:the Snowflake Jihad (Score:4, Insightful) by ogdenk ( 712300 ) writes: on Thursday March 23, 2017 @10:39PM (#54100201) It's funny, the same sort of people who rail against corporations and want free speech curtailed are exactly the same ones who decide they want to replace government tyranny with corporate tyranny when it fits their agenda. If a private business has a right to limit offensive speech on a social media platform in the name of moral righteousness, they have just as much right to deny service to people they find objectionable on the same grounds such as homosexuals or muslims. That's not a world I want. Everyone is offended by SOMETHING. Would you be OK with ISP's being pressured by moral crusaders to not provide connectivity to people who host "offensive" content because the moral crusaders decide to label everyone they don't agree with "neo-nazis"? If certain advertisers don't want their ads showing up on a certain channel's content, whatever, that's fine. But to demonetize a channel's videos entirely because some snowflake finds it offensive, that's bullshit. Reply to This Parent Share twitter facebook linkedin Flag as Inappropriate Re: (Score:2) by Motherfucking Shit ( 636021 ) writes: If a private business has a right to limit offensive speech on a social media platform in the name of moral righteousness, they have just as much right to deny service to people they find objectionable on the same grounds such as homosexuals or muslims. Not if they want to do business in the the United States they don't. Religious groups are a federally protected class, and with very few exceptions, cannot be denied service on that basis. Sexual orientation is gaining traction as a protected class at the state level; any web-based service discriminating on that basis is likely to run afoul of some of these states' laws [aclu.org] (for clarity, "public accommodation" in the context of that map means a business that is open to the public). Would you be OK with ISP's being pressured by moral crusaders to not provide connectivity to people who host "offensive" content because the moral crusaders decide to label everyone they don't agree with "neo-nazis"? No, I wouldn't be OK with that Re: (Score:2) by serviscope_minor ( 664417 ) writes: If a private business has a right to limit offensive speech on a social media platform in the name of moral righteousness They do, but why bring up that nonsequiteur? This story has nothing to do with that. This is about youtube making their only revenue source (advertisers) happy. The advertisers are very much not happy for perfectly good reasons. Alphabet Inc gave up its "don't be evil" mantra years ago. These days all they care about is the almighty dollar. Something just threatened their bottom line and th Re: (Score:3) by swillden ( 191260 ) writes: You seem to think there's some assault on free speech here. There isn't. At all. YouTube isn't taking "offensive" videos down -- not any more than they always have, anyway -- they're just not showing ads on videos the advertisers don't want to be associated with. The free speech of the people uploading the videos is fully intact, and in fact YouTube continues giving them a free soapbox from which to reach the world. The free speech of the advertisers is also being honored, by allowing them to avoid appearin Re: (Score:2) by thinkwaitfast ( 4150389 ) writes: We just have to get one half the people one way and the other half the other way; I know (Score:2, Troll) by ooloorie ( 4394035 ) writes: Channels like FeministFrequency are really offensive, sexist, and bigoted. But YouTube tries to live up to free speech ideals, so they try to tolerate people like Anita as much as humanly possible. Re: (Score:2) by Rockoon ( 1252108 ) writes: About the only way of getting offended is if you take things massively out of context. Surely not a lack of honesty. That would never offend anybody. Oh... were you telling us what is and is not offensive while also instantly proving that you dont find even obvious dishonesty offensive... Re: (Score:2) by serviscope_minor ( 664417 ) writes: Surely not a lack of honesty. That would never offend anybody. There are quite a large number of hours of footage. There's bound to be a few mistakes. There's also an awful lot of opinions in them---they are opinion pieces after all---and a difference of opinion is not a lack of honesty no matter how much you disagree. So sure, if you adopt a very ureasonable attitude then you'll be so offended that you'll have a ig old fainting fit. Oh... were you telling us what is and is not offensive while also instantly p Re: (Score:3) by ooloorie ( 4394035 ) writes: There are quite a large number of hours of footage. There's bound to be a few mistakes. Sarkeesian's problem isn't that she makes "mistakes", it's that her videos are hours upon hours of self-righteous indignation by a pampered privileged princess who has made a career out of appealing to sex-starved male nerds coming to her defense. It's so stupid, it's actually kind of funny. Re: (Score:3) by ooloorie ( 4394035 ) writes: So, it's just like your opinion, man. Gosh, you finally figured out that judging something "offensive, sexist, and bigoted" is a matter of opinion? Good grief, took you long enough! I'm glad that my sarcastic comment led you to that; that was kind of the point. Now apply that newfound insight to FeministFrequency itself: "it's just like her opinion". Re: (Score:3) by ooloorie ( 4394035 ) writes: You know that's a word with an actual meaning right? Yes, and the terms "sexist" (prejudice or stereotyping based on sex) and "bigot" (intolerance towards those holding different opinions) clearly apply to Sarkeesian, regardless of whether you agree with her politics. Does Anita cause a slew of very large advertisers to stop paying huge amounts of money all at once? I suspect she actually does, but since Google favors her political views, they are likely willing to pay a significant price in advertising revenu Speaking of... (Score:2) by uniquegeek ( 981813 ) writes: Lovely Google ad yesterday for hot women who are "guaranteed to contact you first". Was something vaguely adverstising as a "bride" site. I guess female prostitution is ok. Should women leave Slashdot? Re: (Score:2) by thinkwaitfast ( 4150389 ) writes: I keep getting /. ads for prom dresses. Not that I'm complaining, but it seems a little mismatched. Instead of bitching (Score:2) by rsilvergun ( 571051 ) writes: You could just report [google.com] it. Google sells massive numbers of ads in a block. They don't review each and every one. It's not possible. They're not publishing a once a month magazine with 100 pages tops ya know... Re: (Score:2) by avandesande ( 143899 ) writes: Why isn't it possible? The issue is that it would cost something. Silly.... (Score:2) by mhkohne ( 3854 ) writes: Getting mad at Google when you've decided to use their automated tools to place your ads is kinda stupid. Place your ads intentionally instead of automatically and you won't have this problem. Re: (Score:2) by slew ( 2918 ) writes: Getting mad at Google when you've decided to use their automated tools to place your ads is kinda stupid. Place your ads intentionally instead of automatically and you won't have this problem. AFAIK Google doesn't allow this... YouTube's terms of service strictly prohibits burning visual ads into uploaded videos (other than title cards) and Advertisers cannot specify which videos where Ads are placed (other than by general demographics) except for high volume partnership relationships on sponsored channels. Apparently, the only way to win is not to play the game which is what these advertisers seem to be doing now. Re: (Score:2) by serviscope_minor ( 664417 ) writes: I knew someone would say this and no, you're the silly one. The advertisers don't care if google uses automated algorithms or manual placement. They're paying for placement, and google can do it however they like as long as it's to the advertiser's spec. Google chooses to use algorithms becauese it's cheap and they like money. So google tried to save a buck, fucked up and pissed off some of their largest customers. What if? (Score:2) by AndyKron ( 937105 ) writes: What if the truth is offensive to advertisers. Banned? huh? (Score:2) by wardrich86 ( 4092007 ) writes: Do people actually associate advertisements with the videos that they play with? I mean, the content creators have no say in what advertisement plays, so there really shouldn't be any association between the ad and the video, but rather, with the ad and YouTube. Re: (Score:3) by moeinvt ( 851793 ) writes: That was my thought as well. It would certainly never occur to me to associate an ad, or the company whose product is being advertised, with the content of a video in anything more than a marketing sense. I don't think other users make that connection either. Most people realize that Google is targeting ads toward the individual based on all the data they have accumulated about the person. It was some social justice crusader working at a newspaper in the UK who started looking for videos containing "hate sp Youtube needs better ad pairing (Score:2) by avandesande ( 143899 ) writes: I don't have an issue with Youtube showing ads for revenue but they do a piss-poor job of targeting ads to content. Mostly I watch classical music on youtube and get ads for something accompanied with awful jarring music. It annoys me an I does a disservice to the advertiser... clearly the ad would be better displayed elsewhere. Re: (Score:2) by war4peace ( 1628283 ) writes: All while I dared make and publish a review of Mafia III (not a professional review, just a bunch of game video captures with commentary) and I promptly got dinged by their algorithm for about 10 seconds of silence where "Somebody to Love" could be heard playing in the background, in-game. A copyright owner using Content ID claimed some material in your video. This is just a heads up Don’t worry. You’re not in trouble and your account standing is not affected by this. There are either ads running on your video, with the revenue going to the copyright owner, or the copyright owner is receiving stats about your video’s views. Video title: Mafia III - 5 months later (Review) Copyrighted content: Somebody To Love Claimed by: SME So... I work for a few hours, put together a review, expect my 50 cents of revenue (I don't have many subscribers or views anyway, it's more like a side hobby of mine) but noooo... because there's an excerpt of music in th There may be more comments in this discussion. Without JavaScript enabled, you might want to turn on Classic Discussion System in your preferences instead. Related Links Top of the: day, week, month. 2837 commentsDonald Trump Wins US Presidency 1149 commentsGarmin Engineer Shot And Killed By Man Yelling 'Get Out Of My Country!' 1116 commentsVC, Entrepreneur Says Basic Income Would Work Even If 90% People 'Smoked Pot' and Didn't Work 1052 commentsUniversal Basic Income Programs Arrive 1028 commentsRussia Unveils 'Satan 2' Missile Powerful Enough To 'Wipe Out UK, France Or Texas' next Apple Explores Using An iPhone, iPad To Power a Laptop 74 comments previous Canada To Tax Ride-Sharing Providers Like Uber 68 comments Slashdot Top Deals Slashdot Post Moderate Moderator Help Delete Get more comments 100 of 253 loaded Submit Story FORTUNE'S FUN FACTS TO KNOW AND TELL: A firefly is not a fly, but a beetle. FAQ Story Archive Hall of Fame Advertising Terms Privacy Opt Out Choices About Feedback Mobile View Blog Trademarks property of their respective owners. Comments owned by the poster. Copyright © 2017 SlashdotMedia. All Rights Reserved. Close Close Slashdot Working...
Pocket-lint News Apps Cameras Cars Drones Fitness Trackers Gadgets Games Headphones Laptops Parenting Phones Smart Home Smartwatches Speakers Tablets TV VR All News Reviews Apps Cameras Cars Drones Fitness Trackers Gadgets Games Headphones Laptops Parenting Phones Smart Home Smartwatches Speakers Tablets TV VR All Reviews Features YouTube Instagram Facebook Twitter Google+ search Phones Best Phone Cameras Fitness trackers Parent hub Smart home search Google Photos tips and tricks: Store and edit your photos like a pro Elyse Betters24 March 2017Apps Pocket-lint Facebook Twitter Pintrest LinkedIn Google+ Mail Comment Google Photos has been around for a couple years now and is a go-to service for many people looking to store their photos and videos. Google Photos not only lets you save personal media to a virtual locker but also makes that media available across all your devices. Plus, the service has all sorts of features for managing, viewing, editing, and discovering your digital memories. To help you navigate Google Photos, we've rounded up a selection of tips and tricks that'll maximise your experience and essentially make you a Google Photos pro. Best Android phones: These are the Androids you're looking for What is Google Home, how does it work, and when can you buy it? Google Assistant tips and tricks: Master your Android assistant What is Google Assistant, how does it work, and which devices offer it? Google Photos tips and tricks Note: This guide is primarily about Google Photos for iOS and Android devices, unless otherwise noted. Getting started In the app, you'll see a menu bar with three main tabs: Assistant, Photos, and Albums. Assistant is where you go to rediscover old photos and see effects that were automatically created for you from your photos and videos. The Photos tab is essentially a list/grid of all your images and videos in Google Photos, while Albums is a list of all your albums and collections, some of which were auto-created (like People). Use Google Photos on the web Google Photos has a desktop website, where you can access Assistant, Photos, and Albums (on the right-hand side). There's also a search bar at the top, with create and upload and menu options. You can even rearrange the order of images in your collection from the site. Just select an image (click the check that'll appear on the thumbnail), then click the menu button in the upper corner, and select Edit date & time. Also, from the desktop site, you can press Shift-? on your keyboard to get a list of available shortcut commands. Access the menu Find the menu button (hamburger icon) in the search field, and then tap it to pull out the Google Photos menu (you can also swipe from left on any screen). The menu has options for managing Google Photos, including switching accounts. You'll also find your Trash here. Manage your settings In the menu, tap Settings. From there, you will see options to back up and sync to whichever Google account you're using, choose the types of Assistant cards you want to see, free up device storage, show Google Drive photos and videos in your Photos library, and way more. Search your images Google Photos is known for its intelligence and ability to smartly organise your media. You can use the universal search bar at the top of the app to find photos based on month, season, location, objects, or even general keyword like flowers or baby. You can use multiple search terms too. Oh, and you can search by emoji. Try the sunglasses emoji to find photos of people with glasses or sunglasses. Browse your albums and collections You can casually browse your albums under the Albums tab. There is also a carousel at the top with images and videos grouped into collections based on search terms, media type, and general theme (like People, Places, Things, Videos, Animations, etc). Find specific images of people Google Photos smartly helps you find images based on who appears in them. Go to the Albums tab and then select People to see a list of faces from your collection. If you want to search for someone by name, tap his or her face, then select Who is this?, and add their name. That name will then appear when you start typing it in the search bar. You can also use this process to ensure people are properly labeled in an image. Similarly, to hide a person, tap a person and then select the Hide people option. Find recently added images You can find the images and videos you uploaded most recently by going to the Google Photos site and clicking the search bar, then clicking the link labeled Show More, followed by Recently Added. Pinch to view your Photos Under the Photos tab, you can pinch in or out on the gallery to make the thumbnails smaller or larger. If you pinch in enough, you'll see a calendar view, but if you pinch out, you will get larger and larger thumbnails until you're ultimately zooming in on an image in full. Jump back to image gallery While viewing any image in full, you can swipe down from the top of the screen to jump back to the full image gallery (this works in both the Photos tab and the Albums tap). There's no need for the back button. Quickly scroll to a specific date When you're scrolling through the Photos tab or in an Album, and want to jump to a specific date, touch the quick-scroll button on the right side of the screen. All you have to do is push your finger up or down to fly through time and find your image. Select multiple images In the app, when you want to select a bunch of consecutive images, simply touch your finger to the first image until it becomes highlighted with a blue check mark, and then drag your finger up or down to quickly select more images at once. Once you select every image you want, you will see options to share them, create something new from them, delete them, or backup now. Recover deleted images Google Photos has a Trash folder that's accessible via the menu. Every deleted image or video stays in the Trash for 60 days and can be quickly recovered; just select an image and then tap the rewind icon (or delete button, if you want to fully purge it). Editing your images Google Photos is a powerful image editor. When viewing any image, tap the pencil icon to access several one-touch tools. You can add filters, crop, rotate, and adjust things like light, colour, and pop. Make sure to tap the down arrows next to light and colour to access even more options. It's worth playing around to see all the available editing tools. Save a copy When you save an image after editing, your modified version will replace the original. However, if you want to save it as a copy instead, don't tap save. Instead, tap the menu icon at the top of the screen to find the save copy option. Create a creation Google Photos lets you create movies, animations, and collages (aka creations) from any set of images or videos. Just select the items you want, then select the + option at the top of the screen, and choose what kind of creation you want to fiddle around with. Don't forget Assistant If you love the creation tools in Google Photos, make sure you consistently check the Assistant tab. It automatically generates animations, collages, and highlight videos from your library. It'll also create instant albums from images and offer fixes for photos. Backup while charging only You'll want to use Google Photos to back up all your photos to the cloud, but transferring that much data can kill your battery. Make sure to backup when your phone is charging. Go to settings, then tap Back up & sync, and look for the option labeled While charging only. Backup device folders Speaking of backing up, to back up all your images (not just the ones you took with your device camera), like images you've downloaded or maybe screenshots you've captured, go to settings, then select Back up & sync, and tap Back up device folders. You'll need to flip the switch on each folder to have its contents automatically synced with your Google Photos library. Free up device storage If all your device photos are backed up to the cloud, you can safely delete any local copies to free up some space. Find the option called Free up device storage in settings to get started. The app may also prompt you to enable this setting if your phone's storage gets low.  Google Photos uploader If you want to upload hundreds or thousands of images from your computer to the cloud, use Google's desktop uploader tool. It's completely free and available for both MacOS and Windows. The software basically makes it easier to batch-transfer images. It'll also let you automatically sync new images to Google Photos whenever you plug a camera or memory card into your system. Batch download your collection For a batch download of your entire collection, or if you just want to export all your Google Account data, use Google's Takeout tool. It's free. Scan your old prints If you have old printed photos you would like to store in Google Photos, Google offers a PhotoScan app for Android and iOS. You can access the download link from the menu in Google Photos. The app can smartly scan just about any photo, from anywhere, and in high resolution. Share your image Google Photos makes it easy to share your images and videos with anyone. Once you select an image, tap the Share button at the top. You'll see several options, including the ability to share to social media sites like Facebook or Snapchat or Instagram. Share your album After you select an image and tap the share button, you can select Shared album and then New shared album to create a shareable album. You can share this album with people, meaning anyone you send the album to will be able to view it. To manage a shared album, open the menu, then tap Shared, and select whichever album you want. Then tap the menu icon in the corner for sharing and delete options. Create a link After you select an image and tap the share button, you can select Create Link (or Get Link from the website) to create a shareable link for that image or video. Anyone you send the link to will be able to view that specific image or video. Remove geo location If you don't want your location data included any image or video, go to settings and then look for the Remove geo location option. Cast your image to a TV If you own Google's Chromecast dongle or a Chromecast-enabled TV, you can show off your images and videos on the big screen by tapping the cast button in the upper corner of the mobile app (it should appear if a cast-ready TV is available). Once you're connected, tap any image or video to send it to your television. If you want to cast a slideshow, open an image, then tap the menu, and select Slideshow.  Want to know more? Google has an entire Help Center with more tips for Google Photos. Sections Google Apps What is Google Assistant, how does it work, and which devices offer it? How to find lost AirPods with Apple's new Find My AirPods feature Best movies to look forward to in 2017: Here are all the top film trailers Yaass! Facebook is finally testing GIFs in comments (but not for posts) Popular In Apps On Pocket-lint What is Google Assistant, how does it work, and which devices offer it? How to find lost AirPods with Apple's new Find My AirPods feature Yaass! Facebook is finally testing GIFs in comments (but not for posts) Pokemon Go is giving players a chance to catch rare shiny Magikarp Google Photos tips and tricks: Store and edit your photos like a pro Super Mario Run for Android finally available on Google Play Store Instagram is becoming an OpenTable for hair appointments and more What is Facebook Live, how does it work, and which devices support it? What is Apple Clips, how does it work, and when can you get it? 27 best internet optical illusions, you won't believe your eyes What is Google Assistant, how does it work, and which devices offer it? Samsung Galaxy S8 Plus: Release date, rumours and everything you need to know Quake Champions explained: Everything you should know about the return of the eSports king Ikea goes after Philips Hue with own budget smart lighting collection Samsung Galaxy S8 launch: When is Galaxy Unpacked 2017 and can you watch it online? Google Home review: A better voice assistant than Amazon Echo? Samsung Galaxy S8: Release date, rumours and everything you need to know From Galaxy S to Galaxy S8, the timeline of Samsung's flagship Android phones in pictures Best upcoming smartphones: The phones to look forward to in 2017 Huawei P10 Plus review: Plenty of plusses from Huawei's colourful 5.5-inch phone Comments search News All news Reviews Hands-on All reviews Features Buyer's guides Vs All features Sections Apps Cameras Cars Drones Fitness Trackers Gadgets Games Headphones Laptops Parenting Phones Smart Home Smartwatches Speakers Tablets TV VR Popular Brands Apple Samsung HTC Microsoft Google Facebook Lego Panasonic LG Amazon Extras & Social Newsletter RSS Twitter Facebook Google+ YouTube Events Pocket-lint Gadget Awards Regulars Comps Copyright Pocket-lint ltd 2003 - 2017 Site map Contact us About us Reviews policy Site policy Advertise on Pocket-lint
Toggle Close Makeup Skin Hair Fashion Lifestyle Celebrity Best of Beauty Beauty Box Subscribe Newsletter Sign Up Makeup Skin Hair Fashion Lifestyle Celebrity Best of Beauty Beauty Box Follow magazinenewsletterSubscribe Lifestyle Johnson & Johnson Is Boycotting Google Advertising Due To Concerns About Hate Speech By Gillian Fuller March 23, 2017 facebook dialog Pinterest facebook dialog Pinterest Email Getty Images On Wednesday, Johnson & Johnson joined the growing list of companies to boycott YouTube and other websites in the Google advertising network over concerns the tech giant isn’t doing enough to keep ads from appearing next to offensive content, the New York Times reports. The company — one of the largest advertisers in the United States — announced plans to sever ties with Google on Wednesday, following in the footsteps of a handful of European companies that did the same last week. In addition, several other U.S. companies, including AT&T, car rental service Enterprise, and Verizon, have announced similar plans to protest Google sites. You May Also Like LifestyleUnited Airlines Refused to Let Passengers Onboard Wearing Leggings LifestyleI Stopped Moaning During Sex for 2 Weeks and My Sex Life Is So Much Be In a statement, Johnson & Johnson, which owns Aveeno, Clean & Clear and Neutrogena (talk about a monopoly!) said: "[We have] decided to pause all YouTube digital advertising globally to ensure our product advertising does not appear on channels that promote offensive content. We take this matter very seriously and will continue to take every measure to ensure our brand advertising is consistent with our brand values." As the Times reports, paid advertisements are automatically placed on websites, often without a precursory check of that website’s content. Though Google does have some measures in place to prevent advertising from appearing beside "hateful, offensive, and derogatory content," such as that promoting terrorism, a growing number of businesses feel Google isn’t doing enough to monitor where its ads appear. As such, they’re boycotting Google advertising until the tech giant develops more accurate security measures for advertisers. The problem is difficult to control, since Google’s network extends to roughly two million websites, with thousands more added every day. In addition, more than 400 hours of video are uploaded to YouTube (which is owned by Google) on a daily basis. It currently flags content deemed pornographic, violent, and that which promotes illegal behavior, and pulls advertising from those pages. Brands also have the power to prohibit their advertisements from appearing next to specific content types (for example, content with profanity). Identifying and flagging all offensive material, however, has proven more difficult. These popular brands are getting political: Dove's Alternative Facts Ad Is Exactly What We Need Right Now Opening Ceremony's Star-Filled Show Got Political at NYFW The Body Shop Will No Longer Advertise With 'The Daily Mail' Because of Political Reasons Still, Google has pledged to do everything it can to ensure advertisements aren’t placed next to offensive, hateful, or otherwise dangerous material. In a statement, the company said: "We don’t comment on individual customers, but as announced, we’ve begun an extensive review of our advertising policies and have made a public commitment to put in place changes that give brands more control over where their ads appear." Though pulling advertisements may not appear to be a particularly outspoken way of fighting against hate speech, the fact of the matter is, money is power — at least when it comes to businesses. As more companies join the boycott, Google stands to lose billions of dollars. It may not be as social media-friendly as, say, a politically charged ad campaign, but withholding money is the best way for these businesses to make a real change. You can read more about Google’s newly-released plan to review content here. Now, find out seven new drugstore beauty products worth trying: # Keywords Google advertisingJohnson & Johnsonhate speech # Keywords Google advertisingJohnson & Johnsonhate speech facebook dialog Pinterest Email Collections Multi-Purpose Travel Lighter With Versatile Products. Buy ItRead Review CoverGirl The De-Puffer Eye Concealer Read Review RMS Beauty Beauty Lip & Skin Balm in Simply Cocoa Buy ItRead Review Living Proof Perfect Hair Day Dry Shampoo Read Review Charlotte Tilbury Beach Stick Lip to Cheek Dewy Color Pop in Moon Beach Read Review VMV Hypoallergenics Hypoallergenics Know-It-Oil Please Don't There’s a "Border Wall" Costume and It’s Infuriating This is not okay. March 28, 2017 Trump Confusion A T-Shirt on Sale at Trump Tower Is Confusing the Internet It has to do with "fake news," of course. March 28, 2017 The Room Where it Happens Alec Baldwin Said No to Impersonating Donald Trump — At First The TV personality explains how one of the most iconic impressions came to be. March 28, 2017 Style for All Hello Hijab Is a New Line of Stylish Hijabs for Dolls Three mothers are trying to make their kids toys more inclusive. March 27, 2017 Baby Talk This Shoe Brand Is Selling High Heels for Babies Pee Wee Pumps is in hot water. March 27, 2017 Women's Rights Three Girls Were Reportedly Not Allowed on a Plane Because They Were Wearing Leggings We spoke to the woman who witnessed it all go down. March 27, 2017 Wedding Bells "Orange Is the New Black"'s Samira Wiley Is Married! See the star's criminally-gorgeous wedding dress. March 27, 2017 Not My Pin Trump's "I Heart Trucks" Button Doesn't Prove that Pins Are a Spring Trend First of all, it's not a pin. March 24, 2017 Sign Up for Our Newsletter Get your daily dose of beauty tips, tricks, and news, sent straight to your inbox.Sign Up Now Subscribe to the Magazine + Get a Free Salon Tote!Subscribe NowSubscribe Now CelebrityKourtney Kardashian was Mommy-Shamed After Posting Photo Of Daughter Wearing A Lip Ring FashionCaitin Stickels, Model With Rare Genetic Disorder, Stars In Stunning Editorial LifestyleT.J. Maxx Parent Company To Launch New Home Concept Brand Later This Year Subscription ServicesCareersCondé Nast StoreSite MapAbout AllureContact the EditorsAccessibility HelpNewsletter Sign UpRSS Feeds our sites Allure Architectural Digest Ars Technica Backchannel Bon Appétit Brides Condé Nast Traveler Epicurious Glamour Golf Digest Golf World GQ GQ Style Pitchfork Self Style Teen Vogue The New Yorker The Scene Vanity Fair Vogue W Wired Cond\é Nast © 2017 Condé Nast. All rights reserved. Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our  User Agreement (effective 1/2/2016) and  Privacy Policy  (effective 1/2/2016). Allure may earn a portion of sales from products that are purchased through our site as part of our Affiliate Partnerships with retailers. Your California Privacy Rights . The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with prior written permission of Condé Nast.
Sign in or Register   PCs & Laptops Value Desktops High End Desktops Gaming Desktops All-in-one Desktops Value Laptops High End Laptops Gaming Laptops Ultraportable Laptops Misc PCs & Laptops Dell Store   Peripherals Monitors Printers Storage Keyboards & Mice Misc Peripherals Networking   Handhelds Budget Smartphones High-End Smartphones Tablets eReaders Wearables Misc Handhelds   Software Security Operating Systems Backup Office Suite Web Development Audio Video Photo Apps Misc Software   Components CPUs Motherboards Graphics Cards Storage Cases Power Supply Units Misc Components   Gadgets Photography & Video Home Theatre GPS Audio Virtual/Augmented reality Misc Gadgets     Hyper PixelCast   Forums Back Issues Search News • Reviews • Features • Galleries • A-List • Group Tests • Downloads • How To • Buy • Software Store Mobile Plans Broadband Plans Atomic Forums Upgrade Australia Home  »  Gadgets  »  Misc Gadgets  »  News This e-paper wall calendar prototype is simple but brilliant Friday 24 March 2017  | Comment Now It's hard to believe nobody has come up with this before. The wall calendar – whether it's populated by pictures of kittens, popstars or firemen – has been going out of fashion for sometime. And yet nearly everybody I know uses some kind of digital calendar to populate their day. How come nobody has thought of combining the two? Step forward Kosho Tsuboi, creator of the Magic Calendar: an e-paper wall calendar that syncs with your smartphone to keep your plans visible at all times. It's not available for sale yet – in fact, it seems to be part of Google Japan's Android Experiments program, where inventors are encouraged to create gadgets that live off the Google ecosystem. Here's a video of how it would work: Video of Android Experiments OBJECT &#12464;&#12521;&#12531;&#12503;&#12522; : Magic Calendar “While the product is still in development, I think that as technology development progresses and these types of products are developed, the boundary between analogue and digital things will disappear,” explains Tsuoboi. That philosophy is certainly evident in his design, although that boundary will no doubt abruptly reappear when the calendar needs charging or the Wi-Fi goes down.   But I'm clearly being harsh, and the brilliance of the design lies within its simplicity – just like an old school wall calendar. When I asked why nobody had done this before earlier, the actual answer was “they have, they just did it unconvincingly.” An Indiegogo campaign with an estimated delivery of December 2015 shows an e-paper calendar so complicated, it's like somebody just dumped Excel onto a Kindle, then decided it wasn't busy enough, so added a round bezel behind the square display. It attracted a single backer. Given that had the optimistic RRP of €409, here's hoping the Magic Calendar is considerably cheaper if it ever makes its way off the drawing board and onto people's kitchen walls. This article originally appeared at alphr.com Related Articles Calendarscope 9.0 brings Outlook import Animated e-paper sneakers hit Indiegogo Google Calendar for iPhone released TaskUnifier Pro now free! Sony planning smartwatch with e-paper face and strap Source: Copyright © Alphr, Dennis Publishing See more about:  calendar  |  epaper   Tweet Email this Print this Feedback   Readers of this article also read...   A user's guide to surviving Trump     Why learn spelling or maths if there’s an app for that?     The newest GTX 1080 Ti rumour points at a March release     Cellebrite loses 900GB of customer data in breach of old server     Sorry Graeme, your legal sticks won’t stop piracy   More in Misc Gadgets (1 of 10 articles) NEWS This e-paper wall calendar prototype is simple but brilliant << Prev Next >> View all Misc Gadgets articles >> More in Misc Gadgets (2 of 10 articles) NEWS This gym bag does double duty as a washing machine << Prev Next >> View all Misc Gadgets articles >> More in Misc Gadgets (3 of 10 articles) REVIEW One Minute Review: Microsoft Wireless Display Adaptor << Prev Next >> View all Misc Gadgets articles >> More in Misc Gadgets (4 of 10 articles) NEWS Sex toy company settles lawsuit for lewd privacy infringements << Prev Next >> View all Misc Gadgets articles >> More in Misc Gadgets (5 of 10 articles) FEATURE Futures: Why Starship’s robots were designed to be cute << Prev Next >> View all Misc Gadgets articles >> More in Misc Gadgets (6 of 10 articles) NEWS Could Amazon's Echo be an alibi in this murder case? << Prev Next >> View all Misc Gadgets articles >> More in Misc Gadgets (7 of 10 articles) NEWS Report: Toy unicorns are no one-trick ponies when hackers take control << Prev Next >> View all Misc Gadgets articles >> More in Misc Gadgets (8 of 10 articles) NEWS Avast offers stark IoT warning to MWC: half a million devices vulnerable << Prev Next >> View all Misc Gadgets articles >> More in Misc Gadgets (9 of 10 articles) FEATURE Futures: The race to driverless cars << Prev Next >> View all Misc Gadgets articles >> More in Misc Gadgets (10 of 10 articles) REVIEW Review: DJI Mavic Pro flies high << Prev Next >> View all Misc Gadgets articles >> Most Read Most Discussed Powered by Disqus Latest Comments Powered by Disqus Latest Competitions   WIN! One of ten double passes to see Ghost in the Shell! Scarlett Johansen stars as a special forces cyborg in the first live-action adaptation of the seminal manga series.   Latest in Misc Gadgets News This e-paper wall calendar prototype is simple but brilliant Review One Minute Review: Microsoft Wireless Display Adaptor Feature Futures: Why Starship’s robots were designed to be cute Group Test Online Banks Exposed Gallery Drones deliver burgers at Monash Open Day From our Partners     See more offers from the PC & Tech Authority Software Store     Sponsored Links Most popular tech stories Samsung Galaxy A5 review: who needs a premium phone? 7 accounting packages for Australian small businesses compared: including MYOB, QuickBooks Online, Reckon, Xero How long will a UPS keep your computers on if the lights go out? How do I make sure my email is properly synced between all my computers? Tip: Your shop can use a smartphone instead of an EFTPOS terminal Meet the finalists in the 2017 CRN Impact Awards Insights and interchanges at CRN Pipeline Melbourne Cirrus Networks acquires NGage Technology Group Here are the best tech companies to work for in Australia Apple debuts cheapest iPad ever Qantas cancels launch of free inflight wi-fi The CIO movements that made headlines in 2016 Rio Tinto engineer turns spare time into $44m TPG reverses brief iiNet customer exodus Why Australia Post ransomwared its own staff 10 advanced tips for Rainbow Six Siege 20 key tips for succeeding at Rainbow Six Siege 18 pro tips from the Rainbow Six Siege world cup Six and out: Don Bradman Cricket 17 steps on its own wicket Spore: Dickbeasts... Dickbeasts everywhere! About Us  |  Sitemap  |  Newsletter Archive  |  A-List  |  Advice  |  Top 10  |  Mobile Site  |  Feedback  |  Advertise  |  Newsletters  |  Contact Us Atomic MPC  |  BIT  |  CRN Australia  |  iTnews  |  PC PowerPlay  |  SC Magazine Copyright © 2017 nextmedia Pty Ltd. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed in any form without prior authorisation. Your use of this website constitutes acceptance of nextmedia's Privacy Policy and Terms and Conditions. Login to PC & Tech Authority Username: * Username required Password: * Password required Remember me  |  Forgot your password? Don't have an account? Register now! To request a new password, please enter the email address linked to your PC & Tech Authority account and we'll send one to you. Email: * Email required * Invalid Email address * Invalid Email address Click here to return to Login Form Become part of PC & Tech Authority Join our site to get stuck in with comments and discussions with other passionate readers and tech fans, and stay up to date with the latest news and reviews through our range of newsletters. Email* * Email address required * Invalid Email address I have read and accept the privacy policy and terms and conditions and by submitting my email address I agree to receive the PC & Tech Authority daily newsletter and receive special offers on behalf of PC & Tech Authority, nextmedia and its valued partners. We will not share your details with third parties. 1) Login Details First Name* * First name req'd Last Name* * Last name req'd Username* * Username required Password* * Password required Confirm Password* * Password confirmation required * Passwords don't match! 2) About You Country* -- Select a Country -- Australia Afghanistan Albania Åland Islands Algeria American Samoa Andorra Angola Anguilla Antarctica Antigua and Barbuda Argentina Armenia Aruba Austria Azerbaijan Bahamas Bahrain Bangladesh Barbados Belarus Belgium Belize Benin Bermuda Bhutan Bolivia Bosnia and Herzegovina Botswana Bouvet Island Brazil British Virgin Islands British Indian Ocean Territory Brunei Darussalam Bulgaria Burkina Faso Burundi Cambodia Cameroon Canada Cape Verde Cayman Islands Central African Republic Chad Chile China Christmas Island Cocos (Keeling) Islands Colombia Comoros Congo, Democratic of the Congo Cook Islands Costa Rica Croatia Cuba Cyprus Czech Republic Denmark Côte d'Ivoire Djibouti Dominica Dominican Republic East Timor Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Estonia Ethiopia Falkland Islands (Islas Malvinas) Faroe Islands Fiji Finland France French Guiana French Polynesia Gabon French Southern Territories Gambia Georgia Germany Ghana Gibraltar Greece Greenland Grenada Guadeloupe Guatemala Guam Guernsey Guinea Guinea Bissau Guyana Haiti Hong Kong Heard Island and McDonald Islands Holy See (Vatican City State) Honduras Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Iran, Islamic Republic of Iraq Ireland Israel Isle of Man Italy Ivory Coast Jamaica Japan Jordan Jersey Korea Kazakhstan Kenya Kiribati Korea, Democratic People's Republic of Korea, Republic of Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Lao People's Democratic Republic Latvia Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Libyan Arab Jamahiriya Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Macedonia, the former Yugoslav Republic of Macau Madagascar Malawi Malaysia Maldives Mali Malta Marshall Islands Martinique Mauritania Mauritius Mayotte Mexico Micronesia, Federated States of Moldova Monaco Mongolia Montenegro Montserrat Morocco Mozambique Myanmar Namibia Nauru Nepal Netherlands Netherlands Antilles New Caledonia New Zealand Nicaragua Niger Nigeria Niue Norfolk Island Northern Mariana Islands Norway Oman Pakistan Palau Panama Palestinian Territory, Occupied Papua New Guinea Paraguay Peru Philippines Pitcairn Poland Portugal Qatar Puerto Rico Réunion Romania Russia Rwanda Saint Helena Saint Barthélemy Saint Lucia Saint Kitts & Nevis Saint Martin Saint Pierre & Miquelon Saint Vincent & the Grenadines Samoa San Marino Sao Tome and Principe Saudi Arabia Senegal Serbia Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Slovakia Slovenia Solomon Islands Somalia South Africa South Georgia and South Sandwich Islands Soviet Union Spain Sri Lanka Sudan Suriname Svalbard and Jan Mayen Swaziland Sweden Switzerland Syrian Arab Republic Taiwan Tajikistan Tanzania, United Republic of Thailand Togo Timor-Leste Tokelau Tonga Trinidad and Tobago Tunisia Turkey Turkmenistan Turks and Caicos Islands Tuvalu Uganda Ukraine United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United States of America Uruguay United States Minor Outlying Islands Uzbekistan Vanuatu Vatican City State Venezuela Vietnam Virgin Islands, British Virgin Islands, U.S. Wallis and Futuna Yemen Western Sahara Zambia Zimbabwe World Asia Indochina Europe England Scotland Middle East Asia-Pacific Global Asean * Country req'd State* -- Select -- NSW QLD VIC SA WA ACT NT TAS * State req'd Post Code* * Post Code req'd Birth Year* -- Select -- 2017 2016 2015 2014 2013 2012 2011 2010 2009 2008 2007 2006 2005 2004 2003 2002 2001 2000 1999 1998 1997 1996 1995 1994 1993 1992 1991 1990 1989 1988 1987 1986 1985 1984 1983 1982 1981 1980 1979 1978 1977 1976 1975 1974 1973 1972 1971 1970 1969 1968 1967 1966 1965 1964 1963 1962 1961 1960 1959 1958 1957 1956 1955 1954 1953 1952 1951 1950 1949 1948 1947 1946 1945 1944 1943 1942 1941 1940 1939 1938 1937 1936 1935 1934 1933 1932 1931 1930 1929 1928 1927 1926 1925 1924 1923 1922 1921 1920 1919 1918 1917 * Birth year required Employment Role* -- Select Role -- IT Business Owner IT Executive IT Professional IT Entry-level IT Sales Non IT Business Owner Non IT Executive Non IT Professional Non IT Entry-Level Non IT Sales Other If 'Other', enter below: * Role required Company Size* -- Select Size -- 1 - 9 10 - 49 50 - 99 100 - 249 250 - 499 500 - 999 1000 - 2499 2500+ * Company Size required I only want to subscribe to the Daily newsletter I'd also like to subscribe to: Weekly newsletter Atomic, Hyper and Gaming newsletter Gadgets and Stuff newsletter Downloads newsletter Already have an account? Log in here. Processing registration... Please wait. This process can take up to a minute to complete. Please check your email A confirmation email has been sent to your email address - SUPPLIED EMAIL HERE. Please click on the link in the email to verify your email address. You need to verify your email before you can start posting. If you do not receive your confirmation email within the next few minutes, it may be because the email has been captured by a junk mail filter. Please ensure you add the domain @pcauthority.com.au to your white-listed senders. Click here to close this message Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
  SOFTPEDIA®   Windows   Drivers   Games   Mac   Android   Linux   News Softpedia > News > Security FLASH SALE: SpyShelter Firewall      30% OFF! Google Says Symantec Misissued 30K Security Certificates, Will Restrict Access GO The deprecation will take place gradually Mar 24, 2017 00:27 GMT  ·  By Gabriela Vatu  ·  Share:  Google Chrome developers are planning to restrict transport layer security certificates sold by Symantec-owned issuers after it was discovered that they might have issued more than 30,000 certificates.  Software engineer on the Google Chrome team Ryan Sleevi said in an online forum that Chrome plans to stop recognizing the extended validation status of all certificates issued by Symantec-owned certificate authorities. The change is effective immediately. "Since January 19, the Google Chrome team has been investigating a series of failures by Symantec Corporation to properly validate certificates. Over the course of this investigation, the explanations provided by Symantec have revealed a continually increasing scope of misissuance with each set of questions from members of the Google Chrome team; an initial set of reportedly 127 certificates has expanded to include at least 30,000 certificates, issued over a period spanning several years. This is also coupled with a series of failures following the previous set of misissued certificates from Symantec, causing us to no longer have confidence in the certificate issuance policies and practices of Symantec over the past several years," they explain. These extended validation certificates are supposed to provide assurances that a site is authentic by showing the name of the validated domain name holder in the address bar. For the next year, however, Symantec is in hot water, and Chrome will not be displaying this information as the certificates will be downgraded. Step by step In another gradual move, Google will update Chrome to nullify all current valid certificates issued by Symantec's CAs. This has the potential of preventing millions of users from accessing large numbers of sites, especially since Symantec certificates account for about 30% of the Internet's valid certificates, according to 2015 data. Since nullifying all these certificate en masse would have a huge impact on the Internet, Chrome has a plan to gradually decrease the maximum age of certificates issued by Symantec. Chrome 59 will limit the expiration to 33 months after they were issued, while Chrome 64 will mention a validity of nine months. This is just the most recent development in an argument with Symantec issuers going back close to two years. It seems that the report from back in January when an independent security researcher discovered evidence that Symantec improperly issued 108 new certificates was just the tip of the iceberg. With Google having evidence of over 30,000 certificates being improperly issued, their decision is more than justified. #Google#Chrome#Symantec#security certificates subscribe feedly old reader newsblur digg reader rss feed reddit it! flip it share it tweet it Related  ·  Hot right now  ·  Latest news LastPass Chrome & Firefox Extensions Affected by Critical Bug Man Complains Firefox Labels His Unencrypted Login Page as Insecure Adobe Fixed Critical Vulnerabilities in Flash and Shockwave Google: We've Already Fixed Most Bugs Exposed in WikiLeaks' Vault 7 Files Two Laptops with Hong Kong's 3.7 Million Voters' Data Stolen Samsung Store in Singapore Catches Fire Ahead of Galaxy S8 Unveil All 2017 iPhones to Support Wireless Charging, Apple Watch to Feature LTE How to Upgrade to Windows 10 Creators Update RTM Right Now Survey: 93% of Millennials Aren't Quitting Uber Two Laptops with Hong Kong's 3.7 Million Voters' Data Stolen Latest Black Lab Linux Weekly Build Optimizes Swap File Management for SSD Windows 10, the Only Way to Go: 8 in 10 Companies to Install the OS, Study Shows    Chrome no longer trusts Symantec certificates Related Apps hide.me VPN: An easy to configure VPN client for Windows that enables you to hide your real identity while navigating online by connecting to a VPN server Metasploit Community: Penetration testing tool for security professionals that lets them run a discovery scan, bruteforce attack and exploit in order to detect vulnerabilities within a user-defined network range Metasploit Pro: This is a versatile and effective application that prevents data breaches with real-world attack scenarios and verifies security effectiveness SecureSafe: A comprehensive online storage solution that allows you to keep your files and passwords protected thanks to a high level of data encryption KPEnhancedEntryView: Enhance the accessibility of KeePass Password Safe by adding extra display elements to your window with this straightforward plugin Zemana AntiLogger: Make sure that your private data will remain private by using this software application that prevents harmful applications from damaging your computer ApexSQL Decrypt: A decryption tool for SQL Server database objects, be them functions, procedures, views or triggers, which enables you to preview the original DDL scripts Reader comments Encrypted Mail Tutanota Gains 500K Users in 3 Months, Celebrates Privacy Era more on: Tutanota i softpedia®     Like 202K    +1 56K     Follow 13K © 2001-2017 Softpedia. All rights reserved. Softpedia® and the Softpedia® logo are registered trademarks of SoftNews NET SRL. Privacy Policy news tip feedback      
What we do WARC brings together marketing information that helps you grow your business. Gain knowledge & know-how Unbiased advice on almost any advertising issue Stay on top of change Brand, category and media intelligence from the front lines of advertising Benchmark your advertising Find out how the world's most successful brands use advertising Uncover insights & trends Build powerful advertising ideas on smart insights Find data you can trust Global advertising data to help you make the right judgments Who uses WARC WARC is used by major companies from all corners of the advertising industry. Advertisers Benchmark your plans and improve your effectiveness Agencies Win new business, and grow your existing clients Media Owners Drive ad revenue by building a compelling case for your channel Universities Educate students, inform teaching and drive research Explore Get to know WARC through a few of our most popular resources. Awards Submit your case study to one of WARC's free-to-enter awards schemes WARC 100 Our annual ranking of the world's top marketing campaigns and companies News & Opinion Daily coverage of key developments for marketers worldwide Webinars Learn how to tackle marketing challenges from leading experts in our series of in-depth webinars Case Finder Search our cases by industry, media and more Topics Best practice and guidance on 100+ marketing topics Contact us Our offices around the world. Americas 2233 Wisconsin Ave NW Suite 535 Washington, DC 20007 United States t: +1 202 778 0680 e: americas@warc.com Asia Pacific 20A Teck Lim Road 088391 Singapore t: +65 3157 6200 e: asiapacific@warc.com EMEA 85 Newman Street London W1T 3EU United Kingdom t: +44 (0)20 7467 8100 e: enquiries@warc.com Full details for all offices > Log in Get a demo Tools Case Finder WARC 100 Strategy Toolkit ROI Benchmarker WARC Plus Pitch Builder Advanced Search Topics Topics Industry Sectors Geographies Best Practice Company Profiles Latest News & Opinion Webinars Trends Event Reports WARC Reports Data Homepage Adspend Database Global Media Costs Media Consumption Awards Our Awards Partner Awards Log in Get a demo > Back Topics Brands & branding Campaign development Campaign measurement Consumer research & insight Marketing management Marketing strategy Media channels & touchpoints Media strategy Target audiences > Back Industry Sectors Alcoholic drinks Automotive Business & industrial Clothing & accessories Financial services Food Government & non-profit Household & domestic Leisure & entertainment Media & publishing Pharma & healthcare Retail Soft drinks Technology & electronics Telecoms & utilities Tobacco Toiletries & cosmetics Transport & tourism Geographies > Back Africa Australia & New Zealand Canada East Asia France Germany Greater China Italy Latin America Middle East & North Africa Russia & Eastern Europe South Asia South East Asia United Kingdom United States > Back Or try Advanced Search Get a demo Do I subscribe? News sign-up Top US brands join Google ad boycott News, 24 March 2017 Topics Digital media effectiveness Digital media planning & buying NEW YORK: Some of the biggest brand advertisers in the US are suspending their marketing campaigns on Google and YouTube as the controversy about ads being served on extremist websites spreads from Europe. First reported by The Times in February, it emerged that ads for some leading brands, such as automakers Jaguar Land Rover and Mercedes, were served on a pro-Islamic State video posted on YouTube. Since then, the scandal has grown to the extent that 250 brands and organisations in the UK have ceased advertising on YouTube, including the British government, Toyota, McDonald's and Tesco, the UK's largest retailer. The issue has been a hot topic of discussion at this week's Advertising Week Europe event and led to Matt Brittin, President of Google EMEA, having to make an apology. Then on Tuesday, Philipp Schindler, Google's Chief Business Officer in the US, also apologised to advertisers about the placement of ads next to extremist content. "Recently, we had a number of cases where brands' ads appeared on content that was not aligned with their values. For this, we deeply apologize. We know that this is unacceptable to the advertisers and agencies who put their trust in us," he wrote in a blog post. Although Schindler went on to promise an extensive review of Google's advertising policies and tools, and to hire significant numbers of staff to review questionable content, it appears these measures have not been enough to placate some very important US advertisers. As reported by The Times, these now include Johnson & Johnson, the pharmaceutical and consumer goods giant, mobile phone operator Verizon, AT&T, the world's largest telecoms company, car rental firm Enterprise, and GSK, the UK pharmaceutical group that has an extensive presence in the US. Verizon, which spent $2.5bn on advertising in the US in 2015, has suspended its entire digital advertising operation after discovering that its brand appeared on controversial YouTube videos. The Times said these included videos posted by Wagdi Ghoneim, an Egyptian cleric suspected in the US of illegal fundraising, and Hanif Qureshi, whose teachings are reported to have inspired the assassination of a Pakistani politician. Commenting on the action taken by leading US brands, Pivotal Research analyst Brian Wieser said: "This has ramifications across the digital advertising market. Google don't seem to fully comprehend the scale of concern. The scrutiny is now going to be substantially greater." According to The Times, other major US brands which have been advertised on extremist websites include KFC, the quick service restaurant chain, and Beam Suntory, the maker of Jim Beam whiskey. Consequently, Beam Suntory is suspending all of its advertising on YouTube while KFC said it is urgently reviewing its position. Data sourced from The Times, Google; additional content by Warc staff Sign up for daily news Latest News Vietnamese FMCG brands squeezed out News Newsbrands' context drives profit for advertisers News Global internet adspend to pass TV Opinion Life after adtech? News DDB chief outlines need for speed News Aussie brands join YouTube boycott News Heineken taps neuro for ad testing insight News Coca-Cola shakes up its marketing team View more News and Opinion More from WARC How to revitalise a brand In the thick of it: How brands can prepare for and respond to disasters Understanding digital display advertising GroupM Interaction 2017: The state of digital marketing and its implications for advertisers Get a demo Topics Digital media effectiveness Digital media planning & buying 
 Please enter your feedback. Submit Send feedback www.warc.com © Copyright 2017 All rights reserved including database rights. This electronic file is for the personal use of authorised users based at the subscribing company's office location. It may not be reproduced, posted on intranets, extranets or the internet, e-mailed, archived or shared electronically either within the purchaser's organisation or externally without express written permission from WARC. × Close Email this content Send colleagues a link to this content. To send to more than one recipient, put a comma between email addresss. Recipient name: Recipient email: Message (optional): Send me a copy of this email as well. Cancel Email Tools Case Finder WARC 100 ROI Benchmarker Strategy Toolkit WARC Plus Pitch Support Index Latest News & Opinion Webinars Trends Event Reports WARC Reports Data Adspend Database Global Media Costs Media Consumption Awards Our Awards Partner Awards More About Contacts Help Sitemap Store Partners Event Listings Admap Best Practice Copyright Policy Terms & Conditions © 2017 Copyright and Database Rights owned by WARC By continuing to use the site, you agree to the use of cookies. You can change this and find out more here Hide message WARC has a new look Here’s what’s changed: A new navigation bar, taking you to the best WARC content quickly A better, less cluttered search experience A reworked home page, with signposts to key areas of WARC A fully responsive site, making it easier to use WARC on the go Plus a new colour palette, new branding and a fresh look and feel across the site Learn More Maybe Later × Close Subscriber Login Not a subscriber? Forgotten your password? Login via Open Athens University Login Cancel Login
E-BUSINESS | TECHNOLOGY | CRM | LINUX | ECTNEWS.COM Welcome Guest | Sign In Online Advertising Business Boardroom Deals Service Providers Tech Law Wall Street E-Commerce Analytics Entertainment Marketing Online Advertising Piracy Search Enterprise IT Applications Cloud Computing Government Infrastructure Mobile BYOD Carriers M-Commerce Mobile Advertising Security Consumer Security Cybercrime Enterprise Security Privacy SMB Social Media Social Media Marketing Social Networks Trends Expert Advice Hot Topics Opinions Trailblazers  Reader Services  Account Management Discussion News Alerts Newsletters Reader Surveys RSS / Headline Feeds Search ECT News Network ECT News Network Map CRM Buyer Site Map E-Commerce Times Site Map LinuxInsider Site Map TechNewsWorld Site Map March 28, 2017 01:05:02 PM PDT E-Commerce Times > E-Commerce > Online Advertising | Next Article in Online Advertising Advertisers Flee YouTube Over Offensive Ad Placements Print Email By David Jones Mar 23, 2017 3:40 PM PT Several top U.S. advertisers -- including AT&T, Verizon and Johnson & Johnson -- this week pulled out of their agreements with YouTube due to their ads appearing with videos advocating extremism, or with other offensive content. Such placements represent violations of their agreements with Google, according to the companies. "We are deeply concerned that our ads may have appeared alongside YouTube content promoting terrorism and hate," AT&T said in a statement provided to the E-Commerce Times by spokesperson Fletcher Cook. "Until Google can ensure this won't happen again, we are removing our ads from Google's non-search platforms." Johnson & Johnson posted a statement on its media page saying it would pause all YouTube digital advertising globally to ensure that its ads don't appear on sites containing offensive comment. "Once we were notified that our ads were appearing on non-sanctioned websites, we took immediate action to suspend this type of ad placement and launched an investigation," Verizon said in a statement provided to the E-Commerce Times by spokesperson Sanette Chao. "We are working with all of our digital advertising partners to understand the weak links so we can prevent this from happening in the future." UK Furor The exodus comes on the heels of a boycott major UK companies launched against YouTube last week. "Recently, we had a number of cases where brands' ads appeared on content that was not aligned with their values. For this, we deeply apologize," said Google Chief Business Officer Philipp Schindler said in a Tuesday post. "We know that this is unacceptable to the advertisers and agencies who put their trust in us," he continued. "That's why we've been conducting an extensive review of our advertising policies and tools, and why we made a public commitment last week to put in place changes that would give brands more control over where their ads appear." Google's UK Managing Director Ronan Harris delivered that commitment last week, after the controversy erupted in the UK. "We recognize the need to have strict policies that define where Google ads should appear," Harris said in an online post. "The intention of these policies is to prohibit ads from appearing on pages or videos with hate speech, gory or offensive content." The company spent millions to crack down on offensive and misleading content in 2016, he noted, removing nearly 2 billion bad ads from its network, blocking ads from appearing on 300 million YouTube videos, and removing 100,000 publishers from its AdSense program. Closer Look Google outlined several steps designed to raise the bar for its ad policies. "Starting today, we're taking a tougher stance on hateful, offensive and derogatory content. This includes removing ads more effectively from content that is attacking or harassing people based on their race, religion, gender or similar categories," Schindler said. Google will tighten its policies to make sure ads show up only against legitimate creators participating in its YouTube Partner Program -- a program that allows creators to monetize content through ads, subscriptions or merchandise -- as opposed to those that violate community guidelines or impersonate other channels, he added. It will deploy additional tools to help companies maintain greater control over where their ads appear on YouTube and on the Web generally, Schindler noted, including safer default settings for brands to exclude objectionable content; new account level controls to exclude specific sites from AdWords for Video and Google Display Network campaigns; and new controls for advertisers to exclude higher-risk content. In addition, Google will hire "significant numbers of people" and use new artificial intelligence and machine learning tools to increase its capacity to better screen questionable content, he said. The company also will establish a policy that lets advertisers escalate questions about the placement of their ads within a few hours. Less Algorithm, More People Managing ad placements to avoid extremist sites is similar to the problem social media companies have in managing ad placements to avoid fake news, observed Tim Mulligan, senior analyst at Midia Research. "Algorithms struggle to effectively screen out extremist content because, paradoxically, they both lack human oversight and they also reflect the narrow parameters of their human coders," he told the E-Commerce Times. YouTube and its peers in the social media world focus on minimizing human overhead and rely on technology to resolve content curation issues that cannot be managed effectively with existing technology, Mulligan maintained. "Facebook woke up to this reality in the backlash from the fake news controversy around their failure to screen out inaccurate news articles during the most recent presidential election," he pointed out. "You Tube is now in a similar position having to deal with the fallout from not sufficiently investing in human screening teams." David Jones is a freelance writer based in Essex County, New Jersey. He has written for Reuters, Bloomberg, Crain's New York Business and The New York Times. Get Permission to License or Reproduce this Article Print Email Reprints More by David Jones Reader Comments Be the first to comment! Related Stories Pro-Turkey Hackers Hit Prominent Twitter Accounts Mar 16, 2017 Nintendo Fans Get Their Hands on the Switch Mar 6, 2017 YouTube Jumps into the Live TV Streaming Fray Mar 1, 2017 News Alerts Verizon Activate Alert | Search Archives YouTube Activate Alert | Search Archives Google Activate Alert | Search Archives Advertising Activate Alert | Search Archives Artificial intelligence Activate Alert | Search Archives Social media Activate Alert | Search Archives Create Your Own News Alerts More in Online Advertising Google Unveils Guetzli, Open Source JPEG Encoder, to Speed Browsing Social Marketing Grows Up Facebook Puts More Work Into Social Networking Apple's Cook Blasts 'Mind Killing' Fake News Twitter Investors Bail Following Bleak Q4 Google Gets Rid of 1.7 Billion Bad Ads Free Newsletters from ECT News Network Don't Miss a Story. Get the Latest Headlines Delivered to Your Inbox. Tech News Flash Daily - View Sample E-Commerce Minute Daily - View Sample ECT News Network Weekly Newsletter - View Sample Editor's Pick - View Sample View All More by David Jones Red Hat Pilots New Program to Ease Digital Transformation Group Demands Apple Pay Ransom for iCloud Credentials Google Gives Devs First Look at Android O Walmart Launches 'Store No. 8' E-Commerce Venture IBM Launches Enterprise-Strength Blockchain as a Service Crafty Phishing Technique Can Trick Even Tech-Savvy Gmail Users Most Popular Newsletters News Alerts What's your reaction to the Turkish Crime Family's claim that it can access hundreds of millions of iCloud accounts? I'm very worried -- I take all cyberthreats seriously. I'm feeling secure -- I changed my password and set up 2FA. I'm angry -- companies need to be more responsible. I'm not at all concerned -- I trust Apple. I'm resigned -- I expect to be breached at some point. I don't care much -- the world has bigger problems. Vote to See Results TechNewsWorld Too Much Communication UK Home Secretary: Apps Shouldn't Serve as Terrorist Hiding Places Don't Let the Next Catastrophic Phishing Scandal End Your Career Group Demands Apple Pay Ransom for iCloud Credentials WikiLeaks Exposes CIA's Device Surveillance Tricks Apple Unveils Budget-Friendly iPad, Dresses iPhone in Red Apple May Alter the AR Competition Why Tech Can't Help Donald Trump and Most CEOs CRM Buyer Trust: Why Financial Services Should Embrace DoL's Fiduciary Rule LinkedIn Burnishes Sales Navigator for the Enterprise Blockchain: CRM's Next Frontier Outreach CEO Manny Medina: Selling Success ProsperWorks Adds In-App Comms to its Google CRM Solution McDonald's Puts Mobile Ordering to the Test Analytics and Workflow OpenMethods, Next Caller Join to Streamline Call Routing LinuxInsider Red Hat Pilots New Program to Ease Digital Transformation OpenSuse Leap Reinforces Linux Faith Google Gives Devs First Look at Android O Cracking the Shell IBM Launches Enterprise-Strength Blockchain as a Service Google Unveils Guetzli, Open Source JPEG Encoder, to Speed Browsing Slackel Openbox Plays Hard to Get Accenture and Docker Team on Container Services E-Commerce Times Headlines E-Commerce Times Competition and Regulation Threaten Sharing Economy Markets Consumer Advocates Bemoan Senate Vote to Lift ISP Privacy Restrictions Medium Is Looking for a Few Good Founding Members Trending Storylines Hone LinkedIn's Relevance Walmart Launches 'Store No. 8' E-Commerce Venture Intelligence-Driven Supply Chain Resilience Dun & Bradstreet Marketing Database Exposed Verizon Wakes Up to Join Mobile TV Race Inside E-Commerce Times Cloud Computing Linux Academy Rolls Out New Cloud-Based Training Platform Google Nabs Kaggle to Stay Ahead of Data Science Curve What Do the Academy Awards, AWS and AI Have in Common? Enterprise IT Federal Agencies Mirror Commercial Websites for Encryption Tech Companies Weigh Responses to WikiLeaks Exposure Despite Intense Scrutiny, Uber Lays Another Egg Exclusives GE Digital VP Beena Ammanath: For Most Women, STEM Is an Uphill Battle Oro CEO Yoav Kutner: Getting a Sense of Your Customer Eagle Creek CRM Director Sandeep Kadam: What Today's Customers Want Expert Advice Creating the Right Business Culture for Success The Lego-ization of Software, or the Rise of Snap-On SaaS Are Your Sales Tools Turning A-Performers Into B-Performers? Hot Topics WikiLeaks Dumps CIA Hacking Docs Online FCC Reverses Course on Internet Privacy Rules Google's Jigsaw Launches Troll-Thwarting API Marketing WhatsApp Field-Trials Business Chat IDG's New Pipeline Activator Aims to Get Sales Timing Right 4 Email Marketing Mistakes to Avoid Mobile USB-C Port, Curved Display Top Latest iPhone Rumor List How Deeply Could Bribery Scandal Wound Samsung? Nokia 3310 Pushes Nostalgia Buttons Security Crafty Phishing Technique Can Trick Even Tech-Savvy Gmail Users Pro-Turkey Hackers Hit Prominent Twitter Accounts US Charges 2 Russian Intel Agents, 2 Hackers in Yahoo Case SMB GIT CEO Adriana Gascoigne: More Women in Tech Means More Problems Solved Facebook Launches Paris Startup Garage to Promote Entrepreneurs in Europe Zenefits Pays the Piper Social Media Facebook Gets Tough on Spy Apps After Blowout IPO, Is Snap a Keeper? Twitter Adds Heft to Anti-Harassment Toolbox Spotlight Features Traversing the Social Media Minefield China's Business-Unfriendly Cybersecurity Stance Conspiracy Theories in the Information Age, Part 2 Trends Gadget Ogling: Note-Taker Triumphs, Classic Nokia Returns, and Audio Thrills Donald Trump Should Channel Steve Jobs on Security Salesforce FY18 Kickoff Publications E-Commerce Times TechNewsWorld LinuxInsider CRM Buyer Newsletters E-Commerce Minute Tech News Flash ECT News Network Weekly Editor's Pick Subscribe Reader Services Account Management Discussion Linking Policy Network Map News Alerts RSS / XML Feeds Search ECT News Network Company Info About Advertising Business Development Careers Contact Permissions Reprint Information Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | How To Advertise Copyright 1998-2017 ECT News Network, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
more_vert androidAndroid App facebookFacebook gplusGoogle + twitterTwitter youtubeYouTube rssRSS Feed search close android facebook gplus twitter youtube rss whatshotNews starsReviews phone_androidPhones tabletTablets appsApps gamesGames network_cellCarriers forumForums attach_moneyDeals Download the App Our Team Tip Us OnePlus confirms Google Assistant is rolling out to the OnePlus 3 & 3T +8,983 Andrew Myrick Mar 23rd, 2017 At MWC 2017, Google dropped a bombshell on all of those who wanted Google Assistant but didn’t have a Pixel or Google Home. The company announced that Assistant would be coming to all compatible Android devices, in sort of a staged rollout. Yay, the Google Assistant is now available on the #OnePlus3 and 3T. What's the weirdest thing you've asked your assistant? pic.twitter.com/IT4DiHNdPK — OnePlus (@oneplus) March 23, 2017 Well, as you’ve likely seen all of the place, it’s officially here, and OnePlus is a little late on the news. Kinda. OnePlus took to Twitter today to confirm that Google Assistant was rolling out to the OnePlus and 3T, while staying mum regarding the status of the Nougat update for the OnePlus 2. I actually received Assistant on my OnePlus 3T last week, but it seems that not everyone has been so fortunate. It may also be tied to your region, in which case, you’ll just need to wait for Google to flip the back-end switch. Let us know if you’ve received Assistant on your OnePlus device, and what your favorite feature of Assistant is. local_offer    Google   Google Assistant   OnePlus   OnePlus 3   OnePlus 3T   Auto-load comments: Off On View comments (5) stars Further Reading Google removes Pixel 2 references from AOSP The Midnight Black OnePlus 3T goes on sale tonight Free App of the Week debuts on the Play Store 10 new actions have been added to the Google Home's arsenal Nest neglects security vulnerabilities stars Popular this Weeklaunch 1 more_vertGalaxy S8 leaks show multiple angles closeHere’s the Galaxy S8 from almost every angle imaginable In case you haven’t gotten enough of the Galaxy S8, here’s another set of photos to get you excited for next week’s unveiling. 2 more_vertHere are some high-quality shots of the Galax closeHere are some high-quality shots of the Galaxy S8 Plus A new series of images show off various interface aspects of the Samsung Galaxy S8 Plus. The images also show a brief size comparison to the LG V20. 3 more_vertNew Galaxy S8 leak sheds light on warranty program closeSamsung has been keeping some secrets on the Galaxy S8, until now Roland Quandt of WinFuture was able to get his hands on an array of new press images of the Galaxy S8 and S8 Plus, while also sharing details we have yet to see leaked. 4 more_vert7 reasons why I'll definitely be buying the LG G6 close7 reasons why I’ll definitely be buying the LG G6 With the LG G6 on the way to carriers across the US, I take a look at why I’ll be picking one up for myself instead of waiting for the likes of the Galaxy S8. 5 more_vert10 new actions have been added to the Google Home's arsenal closeYou can now ask Google Home to help you build your own PC A series of new actions have been added to Google Assistant, making it easy to do things such as control your Roomba or keep track of expiration dates for your food. 6 more_vertQualcomm blocked Samsung closeQualcomm blocked Samsung from selling their Exynos chip to other OEMs The Exynos chips have been made exclusively for Samsung phones, but apparently, Samsung tried to sell them to other manufacturers. A new report claims Qualcomm prevented that from happening. 7 more_vertMichael Kors announces 2 new Android Wear watches closeMichael Kors announces 2 new Android Wear 2.0 watches without the ugly flat tire Fossil-owned fashion brand Michael Kors has announced 2 new Access smartwatches for launch this year. They’ll be donning Android Wear 2.0 and have some significant improvements. 8 more_vertFree App of the Week debuts on the Play Store closeGoogle introduces a “Free App of the Week” section on the Play Store Google has introduced a new “Free App of the Week” section on the Play Store, which takes a paid app or game and offers it for free for a whole week. 9 more_vertOfficial Samsung Galaxy S8 accessories leaked closeOfficial Samsung Galaxy S8 accessories leaked along with pricing info A number of high quality images have leaked showing official Galaxy S8 accessories. Check out the post for a look at Samsung’s DeX Station and a handful of different cases Samsung will be offering, but they wont come cheap. 10 more_vertLG G6 versus Google Pixel: camera shootout closeLG G6 versus Google Pixel: camera shootout We’ve matched up the LG G6 against the Google Pixel to see which smartphone takes the best pictures. Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Phandroid.com, 2007-2017
    Logged In! To log in, enter your info below. Close Email Password Log In Need a new password? Need to create an account? Close Thanks for submitting a comment! Please check your email for a link that, when clicked, will verify that you're a real person and cause your comment to appear immediately. Close Post a Comment In reply to “ ” Your comment Remaining characters: 0 Your name Your email   Our terms: We reserve the right to edit or delete any comment, so please post thoughtfully. We use your email address only to send you a one-time verification message confirming that you posted this comment. We also store your address to allow you to verify using other Web browsers in the future. For more info, see our privacy policy. Close     Get TidBITS via... Email  RSS  Podcast  Twitter  Facebook  iOS App  My Account  Log In Create Account Subscriptions Take Control Account Info Logout About Accounts Member Benefits Sections  Apple Watch Business Apps Entertainment External Links Home Macs Inside TidBITS iPhone iPad iPod Just for Fun Macs & Mac OS X Media Creation Networking Opinion Problem Solving Safe Computing Tech News Watchlist Weekly Issues  Issue #   #1362, 27 Mar 17 #1361, 20 Mar 17 #1360, 13 Mar 17 #1359, 06 Mar 17 #1358, 27 Feb 17 #1357, 20 Feb 17 #1356, 13 Feb 17 #1355, 06 Feb 17 #1354, 30 Jan 17 Back Issues About TidBITS  About Us Advertise Contact Copyright Privacy   TidBITS Members Smile ScanSnap Squarespace   Thoughtful, detailed coverage of the Mac, iPhone, and iPad, plus the best-selling Take Control ebooks.     Pick an apple!  Become a TidBITS member!     TidBITS Watchlist Security Update 2017-001 (Yosemite, El Capitan) EagleFiler 1.7.5 GraphicConverter 10.4 HoudahGeo 5.1.8 PopChar X 7.7 Default Folder X 5.1.4 iTunes 12.6 ClamXav 2.12.1 Microsoft Office 2016 15.32 Fantastical 2.3.4     Published in TidBITS 1362. Subscribe to our weekly email edition. iOS 10.3 Adds New File System, Find My AirPods, and More Apple Releases macOS 10.12.4, watchOS 3.2, and tvOS 10.2 Apple Replaces iPad Air 2 with New 9.7-inch iPad Apple Introduces (PRODUCT)RED iPhones, Doubles iPhone SE Storage What Apple’s Purchase of Workflow Means for Automation TidBITS Watchlist: Notable Software Updates for 27 March 2017 ExtraBITS for 27 March 2017     x Welcome to TidBITS! We make our articles available via RSS, and in a weekly curated email newsletter. You can also support our work by becoming a member, and receive several benefits.   Close To help us avoid automated posts and misuse of our site, please enter the words below. Close Gerberding Thanks for your interest in forwarding this article via email! Please fill in your email address and that of the recipient below. You can also include a short message. Close Send to* Your email* Your name* Your message * indicates required fields To help us avoid automated attempts to spam recipients, please enter the words below. Safe Computing | 23 Mar 2017 | Print  | Comment (1) Why Take Control Was Briefly Labeled “Not Secure” by Adam C. Engst Anyone who visited the Take Control site using Google Chrome from March 9th through 17th might have seen a dire-sounding warning that “Your connection is not private,” much like the screenshot below. That statement was far more extreme than the actual situation, but without knowing the back story, you might have been scared off from using our site. We want to apologize, explain what happened, and how we fixed it. Certificate Background -- First off, the cryptographic foundation for secure Web connections relies on an ecosystem of which “digital certificates” are a vital part. You can judge your connection secure when you load a Web URL that starts with https, the page loads without errors, and the browser shows a lock icon next to the URL in your browser’s address bar. (The screenshots below show what this looks like in Safari, Chrome, and Firefox.) Secure connections prevent bad guys from eavesdropping on your traffic, so it’s safe to transmit credit card details and other sensitive information. The entire system is based on trust, backed up by verification. (Interestingly, the saying “Trust, but verify,” is a translation of a Russian proverb that was used regularly by President Ronald Reagan.) At the top level are major browser makers. Apple, Google, Microsoft, and Mozilla all set stiff requirements that third-party verification organizations must meet to be included in — and thus trusted by — their respective browsers. These third-party verification organizations are called “certificate authorities,” (CAs) because they provide independent authority that a certificate is valid. A top-level, or root, CA has to meet stringent rules for browser makers to bundle its “root certificate” into their browsers. Only several hundred organizations worldwide meet the bar, and browser makers require audits and continuously evaluate reports of any problems. Root CAs issue what are effectively countersigned certificates: a company like TidBITS that wants to have a secured Web server creates a request with some text portions and some cryptographic ones, and a CA evaluates whether we are a legitimate party for the domain that we want to secure. If we pass its validation, the CA issues a certificate cryptographically signed by it using its root certificate. You can also work with delegated, or intermediate CAs. Root CAs create intermediate certificates derived from their root certificates to allow other parties, like DNS and Web hosting companies or firms that sell corporate hardware, to create valid certificates that meet the same standards as the root. The result is a chain of trust, with a CA’s root certificate at one end, often an intermediate certificate from a reseller in the middle, and an individually issued certificate at the other end. By embedding root certificates, browsers (and operating systems) make it possible for a user to know that the connection to a particular Web site is secure: the CA that sold us our certificate vouches that we are who we say we are, and the top-level CA vouches for the issuing CA. In turn, users trust the browser makers to support only trustworthy root certificates. (The browser provides an “out-of-band” element of trust: we’re not using a potentially insecure Internet connection to check that the CA root certificate is valid, because that trust is already baked into the browser.) This certificate system is based on public key cryptography, with the public certificates associated with private keys held by each entity in the chain. As a result, certificates go beyond verifying identity to enable a Web browser and server to exchange a session encryption key without risk of interception and thus encrypt all the traffic that passes over the connection. Historically, the process of getting a certificate for your Web server was both expensive and onerous — you could easily drop $300 to $500 a year in the not-so-distant past. Since 2010, when we first went down this road, we’ve worked with a CA called StartCom, which offered substantially less expensive certificates. Getting a certificate from StartCom required multiple authentication steps and scans of legal documents that confirmed our personal and corporate identities, and the process always ended with a phone call to check the details. Once I had the certificate from StartCom, I had to install it, which involved copying it and StartCom’s intermediate certificate to our server and modifying Apache and Sendmail configuration files to point to it. The certificate was good for two years, so I’ve had to repeat the process three times so far, and honestly, I hate it. I had to take copious notes so I could recreate the steps, and since I’m merely adequate at Unix administration, I was always worried I’d mess something up badly. Nevertheless, I managed to do it, with the last renewal coming in August 2016. (Our long-running on-demand system admin, Glenn Fleishman, also used StartCom until this fussiness got to him a few years ago.) StartCom Problems -- Here’s where our problems started. It appears that StartCom was quietly acquired by a Chinese CA called WoSign in late 2015. The specifics are still murky, but between the details of the acquisition not being made public and various bad actions on the part of WoSign, Apple, Google, and Mozilla all announced last fall that their Web browsers would no longer trust new certificates issued by StartCom. That didn’t affect us until 9 March 2017 when Google released Chrome version 57, which also stopped trusting StartCom’s old certificates — including ours. Suddenly, Chrome 57 users saw that “Your connection is not private” interstitial warning before our site loaded. If someone went past that by clicking the Advanced link and the Proceed link, all pages on the Take Control site were labeled as “Not Secure.” You can imagine my consternation! Neither Safari nor Firefox complained because they still trust StartCom’s old certificates. Luckily, because Chrome updates itself over time, and needs to be relaunched before the new version loads, relatively few people saw the problem. (Thanks to Twitter user @shepgo for alerting me to Chrome’s behavior, since even though he and I weren’t able to figure out what was happening then due to the fact that my copy of Chrome hadn’t updated itself to version 57 yet, when we got a customer complaint the next day, I was able to put it all together fairly quickly.) Despite these warnings, nothing had actually changed with the security on our site or with the encryption for traffic to and from our site. (I verified this with TidBITS security editor Rich Mogull.) However, Google no longer wanted to use its reputation to vouch for a user’s privacy, because it had stopped trusting StartCom to behave reputably. A more accurate version of the message could have said, “Google cannot verify your connection is private,” but that doesn’t light a fire under users. In essence, Google, along with Apple and Mozilla, were punishing StartCom and WoSign for bad behavior by ensuring an exodus of their customers. It worked. (StartCom could have dealt with this problem in a positive and proactive way by alerting all its certificate holders about the problem and suggesting a move to other valid CAs until it could reorganize itself and regain trust. It did nothing along these lines, which is why this situation became a crisis rather than a technical task I could have handled in a more relaxed fashion.) Hey Folks, Let’s Encrypt! -- Once we figured out what had happened, we switched to using Let’s Encrypt, a non-profit CA that provides free certificates. Let’s Encrypt’s certificates are good only for 90 days and must be renewed after that time, although that can (and should) be automated easily. Happily, Let’s Encrypt has radically simplified the process that I had so laboriously sweated through with StartCom every two years, thanks to client software that supports ACME (Automatic Certificate Management Environment). There are numerous ACME clients that you can run on your Web server, but Let’s Encrypt recommends the EFF’s Certbot, which is relatively easy to install and run on a wide variety of operating systems and with different Web servers. Instead of making you jump through identification hoops, Certbot validates that your Web server is authoritative for your domain by making sure it can confirm a connection to the server using the domain names you claim that you control. This is apparently sufficient for the chain of trust. If you’re familiar with installing Unix apps, you’ll have no trouble with Certbot. I got Glenn to help since I always worry that I’ll do something that will kill the server. In the end, however, it turned out to be almost shockingly simple. We used wget to grab a copy of Certbot, changed some permissions, and when we ran it, it installed itself. Actually getting and installing a certificate just involved running Certbot again with a flag that told it to configure everything for Apache. It read our configuration files, asked a few questions about what domains to support, acquired and installed a certificate, and updated our Apache .conf files. Although I didn’t set up Certbot to renew our certificate automatically because I want to see it work the first time, I’ll do that after the first manual renewal by creating a cron job that schedules Certbot to renew the certificate on its own. (Certbot provides a “dry run” option for automatic renewal that lets you test whether any problems would crop up.) Throughout all this, I was running the Qualys SSL Server Test, and even after switching to Let’s Encrypt, we were getting only a B rating. Some more research revealed that our Apache .conf files weren’t setting choices of SSL ciphers optimally, so the server could potentially use some ciphers that weren’t as secure as others. When I fixed the SSL cipher lines according to these recommendations, our site started getting an unqualified A rating. I also had to delete some extraneous lines in the .conf files that still referred to the StartCom certificate. The main thing I haven’t yet done is replace the StartCom certificate in our Sendmail configuration with the Let’s Encrypt certificate. I believe I know how to do that, but I need to do more research into how Sendmail will realize that Certbot has renewed the certificate. Though I spent hours figuring out what happened and how to resolve the problem, it was doubly worthwhile in the end, since working with Let’s Encrypt is cheaper and easier than with StartCom, and the additional configuration changes I made further hardened our site’s security. One last thing. StartCom and WoSign were the bad guys in this situation, and their customers are the ones who suffered. But dubious behavior on the part of CAs isn’t unheard of, and Google is going to start punishing Symantec, the largest CA in the world, for a variety of questionable practices. If you get your certificates from Symantec or a Symantec-owned reseller, you might look into alternatives. So, if you’re at all unhappy with your certificate provider, and especially if you bought your certificates from StartCom, I recommend that you give Let’s Encrypt a try.   Make friends and influence people by sponsoring TidBITS! Put your company and products in front of tens of thousands of savvy, committed Apple users who actually buy stuff. More information: <http://tidbits.com/advertising.html>   Comments about Why Take Control Was Briefly Labeled “Not Secure” To leave a comment, click Add a Comment and then enter the text, your name, and your email address (which won't be displayed). Your comment will appear after you follow a link in the one-time confirmation message we send to verify that you're a real person. For a few days recently, Google Chrome users were warned “Your connection is not private” when loading the Take Control Web site. Luckily, that statement was far more extreme than the reality, since Google was instead punishing a top-level certificate authority for bad behavior. Nonetheless, we had to switch to a new certificate authority quickly. Adam Engst tells the story. Receive comments via RSS Add a comment Tony  2017-03-27 15:35 Sometimes, users confront this kind of error due to errors in Google Chrome browser on client's computer. Here is an explanation regarding this SSL connections and a few solutions to resolve it. https://usefulpcguide.com/16666/your-connection-is-not-private/ Reply  Search   Cached. Unless otherwise noted, this article is copyright © 2017 Adam C. Engst TidBITS is copyright © 2017 TidBITS Publishing Inc. Reuse governed by Creative Commons License. About TidBITS | Advertise with TidBITS! | Contact Info | Copyright Terms | Privacy Policy  
Home News Crime Local Texas Sports Investigations Weather Alerts Allergy Report Forecast Radar Rainfall Totals Low Water Crossing & Road Closures Austin Webcams Traffic Report It Live Stream Studio512 Contact Us 83° F Broken Clouds Hi: 85° F Lo: 63° F Forecast Radar Weather Blog Menu Skip to content   Home News News Local Texas National Crime Politics Live Streaming Bastrop County Hays County Williamson County Featured: Biloxi Bus Crash immigraiton Texas Legislature Latest Headlines The Latest: Trump envoy holds talks on Mideast peace efforts Updated: 2 mins ago AMMAN, Jordan (AP) — The Latest on the Arab Summit (all times local): 9:40 p.m. President Donald Trump’s envoy has met with the Palestinian … CEO of airline association criticizes electronics device ban Updated: 2 mins ago MONTREAL (AP) — The head of the International Air Transport Association said Tuesday it’s difficult to understand how banning electronic dev… Judge tosses lawsuit over US database on suspicious behavior Updated: 2 mins ago Georgetown soldier killed in motorcycle crash near Fort Hood Updated: 20 mins ago Trump tosses Obama’s ‘clean’ energy plan, embraces coal Updated: 22 mins ago Weather Weather Alerts Allergy Report Burn Bans Forecast Lake Levels Radar Rainfall Totals Satellite SatRad Tropics Water Crossings Weather Blog Weather Diary Webcams Current Conditions 83° F Broken Clouds Feels Like: 85° F Wind: S 14 Humidity: 54% Dewpoint: 65° F Sunrise: 7:24 AM Sunset: 7:47 PM Austin Area Weather 7-Day Forecast Radar Allergy Satellite Traffic Low Water Crossings Investigations Sports More Than The Score Report It More About Us Contact Us Meet Our Team Television Schedule Work for Us ——————- Hidden History KXAN Educates XtheTXT Contests Email Alerts Text Alerts Studio 512 Studio 512 Art Beauty Cocktails DIY Entertainment Family Fashion Financial Fitness Food Gardening Home Décor Medical Music Pets Personal Time Weddings Latest Headlines A Cocktail for Spring! 1:20 pm Jessica Sanders stopped by to show us how to make their signature cocktail! Bale Creek Allen Artist Spotlight 1:19 pm We take a look at the work of local visual artist, Bale Creek Allen! Strawberry Shortcake with a Twist 1:19 pm 4 Tips for Beautiful Flower Arrangements on a Budget 1:12 pm Fun DIY’s for the Kids 1:10 pm Search for: Search the site 83° F Broken Clouds Hi: 85° F Lo: 63° F Are Google and Amazon spying on you? By John Dabkovich Published: March 23, 2017, 7:00 pm Updated: March 24, 2017, 9:56 am Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) This March 2, 2016 photo shows an Echo Dot in San Francisco. Amazon.com is introducing two devices, the Amazon Tap and Echo Dot, that are designed to amplify the role that its voice-controlled assistant Alexa plays in people’s homes and lives. (AP Photo/Jeff Chiu) Related Coverage Viewers report Amazon Echos ordering dollhouses after hearing KXAN story Could smart devices like Alexa be compromising your privacy? Amazon plans to hire 100,000 over the next 18 months, including jobs in Texas AUSTIN (KXAN) — Voice-activated assistance like Google Home and Amazon Echo have exploded in popularity in the last year.  There are an estimated 8 million of them in use right now and some industry reports predict that number could triple by the end of the year. The devices work by responding to a keyword like “Alexa” or “OK, Google.” They’re convenient for us, but for the companies that sell them, they are the newest way to further their quest to know as much about us as possible. “These companies’ futures, and their business models are dependent on what they know about you,” says Patrick Moorhead of Austin-based Moor Insights and Strategy, a firm that offers analysis on the tech industry. Viewers say Amazon Echos ordered dollhouses after hearing KXAN story Moorhead says knowing what you like and don’t like lets Google charge more for advertisements. For Amazon, knowing what’s going on in your life allows them to suggest products you may want to buy. For example, if you ask about pregnancy tests, Amazon will know you may be pregnant soon and may want to buy a crib. “Some privacy advocates talk about them as surveillance robots. I wouldn’t go that far but there is rationale for describing them that way,” says Dr. Philip Doty, associate dean of the School of Information at the University of Texas. Google and Amazon say the devices only send to company servers what they pick up after the keyword is heard and everything else is deleted. Moorhead believes them. He says they have too much to lose. Doty is more skeptical. “I’d like to believe them, but I’m not so sure that I do,” he says. How to delete your voice recordings For Amazon Echo: Go to amazon.com/myx Click “Your Devices” Select your Alexa Click “Manage voice recordings” Click “Delete” For Google Home: Go to myactivity.google.com  Select “Voice and Audio” Click “Delete Results” What about other conversations? KXAN tested the devices by connecting them to WiFi with no other computers, then monitoring the data they send to company servers. We first tested the devices in an empty room and very little data was being sent out. Then we watched how much data came out when the devices heard the keyword,  Predictably, the numbers shot up. Finally, we tested to see what the devices do when people are in the room, having a conversation without saying the keywords. Again, very little data was sent out suggesting the devices work as the companies say they do. Professor Doty says he’s concerned about “mission creep.” That being able to hear your most personal conversations is so valuable to these companies that little by little, Amazon and Google will change their policies over time to record more and more of what goes on in your home. “Even if they were the best of actors, it would be difficult to resist the temptation to gather more and more information about us,” he said. Share this: Click to email (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) More Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window) Related Posts A Springtime Checkup For Your Home Could smart devices like Alexa be compromising your privacy? While rape kit backlog continues, legislative measures hope to help victims Hope you got a Garth Brooks ticket; they’re all gone Advertisement « Previous Story — Next Story » KXAN.com provides commenting to allow for constructive discussion on the stories we cover. In order to comment here, you acknowledge you have read and agreed to our Terms of Service. Users who violate these terms, including use of vulgar language or racial slurs, will be banned. If you see an inappropriate comment, please flag it for our moderators to review. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Leave a Reply Cancel reply Enter your comment here... Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: Email (required) (Address never made public) Name (required) Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Notify me of new comments via email. Notify me of new posts via email. Advertisement Trending on KXAN.com Top Stories Numerous damaging thunderstorms possible overnight tonight Deadly crash shuts down US 290 near Fredericksburg Police identify person of interest in central Austin murder Photo Galleries PHOTOS: Anvil cloud looms over the Austin area PHOTOS: Attack on British Parliament PHOTOS: Train crashes into bus from Austin in Biloxi PHOTOS: Storm spawns tornadoes across central US Thrall-area struck by two tornadoes PHOTOS: Severe storms leave behind damage, destruction A Day Without Immigrants Bastrop kidnapping ends in deadly shooting along SH 71 in Del Valle PHOTOS: Red carpet fashion at the Grammys PHOTOS: Truck slams into Georgetown home leaving gaping hole That time Lady Gaga rocked Halftime PHOTOS: Taste of the NFL – Party with a Purpose PHOTOS: Players committing to colleges for National Signing Day PHOTOS: Behind the scenes of 2017 Super Bowl PHOTOS: Glorious sunsets sweeping across the Austin-area sky PHOTOS: Women’s March on Austin PHOTOS: Inauguration Day protests in Austin Protesters march through Austin as President Trump takes office PHOTOS: Donald Trump sworn in as 45th President of the United States PHOTOS: Fiery sunrise over Austin, surrounding areas Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement KXAN.com © 2000-2017 Nexstar Broadcasting, Inc. All rights reserved. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Sections News Austin Weather Traffic Investigations Report It Sports KXAN Educates Station About Us Contact Us Contests TV Schedule Email Alerts Text Alerts Work for Us Facebook Twitter Business Privacy Policy Terms of Use FCC Public File Children’s TV Programming EEO Report Media General Our Stations The CW Austin KBVO Follow Subscribe via RSS Follow us on Twitter Join us on Facebook Follow us on YouTube Follow us on Google+ Follow us on Pinterest Follow us on Instagram KXAN-TV 908 W. Martin Luther King Jr Blvd Austin, Texas 78701 Ph: 512-476-3636 KXAN Feedback If you have feedback about KXAN, we'd love to hear it. If you have a story, investigative, weather or web site tip, please visit our Report It page. Advertisement X Our Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Have Changed Important Notice About Our Privacy Policy: We have modified our Privacy Policy to update and clarify our data collection, use, and disclosure practices. By using this site, you agree to the updated Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Advertisement Advertisement Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
clock menu more-arrow Log In or Sign Up Log In Sign Up Trending Topics Writers Podcasts Events more Trending Topics Commerce Drones Enterprise Media Mobile Reviews Social Transportation Voices Writers Kara Swisher Dan Frommer Peter Kafka Edmund Lee Walt Mossberg Johana Bhuiyan Jason Del Rey April Glaser Eric Johnson Tony Romm Tess Townsend Kurt Wagner Podcasts Events ✕ Facebook Amazon Twitter Facebook, Amazon, Twitter and YouTube are bidding to stream the NFL’s Thursday night games These streams are the highest-profile sports rights currently on the market. by Kurt Wagner Mar 23, 2017, 5:55pm EDT tweet share Linkedin Al Bello / Getty The NFL is selling the rights to stream its “Thursday Night Football” games next season, and at least four big tech companies are interested. Facebook, Amazon, Twitter and Google’s YouTube have all submitted proposals to the NFL in the hope of streaming the games, according to two sources familiar with the process. All four companies also talked to the NFL last year about the same deal, which Twitter won with a $10 million bid for the right to stream 10 games. (CBS and NBC pay a lot more for the rights to broadcast the games on television.) It’s possible others have also submitted proposals. The league is likely to make a decision within the next month, and could provide some kind of update to league owners at the NFL’s Annual Meeting in Phoenix next week. Spokespeople for Amazon, Facebook and Twitter declined to comment, as did Alex Riethmiller, a spokesperson for the NFL. YouTube did not immediately reply to a request for comment. Just like TV networks, tech companies are interested in live sports right now. Facebook and Twitter are cutting deals for virtually any live sports they can get their hands on, and Amazon is also interested in live sports deals and has been buying movie rights, too. Live sports rights are expensive and tough to come by, though; traditional TV rights for major sports leagues like the NFL, NBA and MLB are already locked up for years. That makes these Thursday night streams the highest-profile package on the market right now. But while the NFL deal is high profile, it’s tough to tell how valuable it actually is. Twitter didn’t report a meaningful spike in user growth or revenue as a result of last year’s games, for instance. Twitter claims 3.5 million people watched each game, on average, but the average audience at any given time, which is how traditional TV ratings are calculated, was just a couple hundred thousand viewers per game. CBS averaged closer to 15 million viewers per “Thursday Night Football” game last season. That smaller audience is one of the reasons these games sold for just $10 million last year, a fraction of what the NFL makes on TV rights. These streams are not exclusive; viewers can also watch the games on NBC or CBS, NFL Network and Verizon, which has mobile distribution rights. Plus, Twitter was only allowed to sell a small percentage of the game’s overall ad inventory. In other words, this is an interesting deal, but not a huge one, especially by NFL standards. Here’s a closer look at each of the NFL’s potential streaming partners. Twitter The NFL knows what to expect from Twitter, which helps here. Twitter pushed its NFL deal very aggressively with the media and its users last fall and was able to sell all of the ad inventory the NFL offered up, according to multiple sources. The network also has a worldwide audience, which is appealing to the league. Twitter also offers a social element: A way to talk about the game with other fans while watching it on the same screen. But there are downsides. While Twitter didn’t require viewers to have an account to watch the streams last year, it has a significantly smaller audience than Facebook and YouTube. There’s also a potential brand issue. In the 12 months since the NFL announced it was partnering with Twitter, the company has explored a sale, cut staff and lost a number of key executives. The NFL is incredibly brand-sensitive and may not want to associate with a company going through the kind of troubles Twitter is dealing with. Facebook Facebook probably makes the most sense here. The company has all the same benefits of Twitter — a global audience, a social component, the ability to court advertisers — but on a much, much bigger scale. Plus, Facebook isn’t dealing with the business drama that Twitter is. But the NFL and Facebook clearly weren’t willing to meet on deal terms a year ago, so something prevented the two from working together, and Facebook is just now starting to tinker with mid-stream video ads. That doesn’t mean Facebook can’t sell and deliver TV commercial-style video ads, just that it hasn’t in the past. Amazon Amazon was one of the companies that offered more money for these streams than Twitter did last year. But Twitter made a better pitch around distributing the games internationally than Amazon did, and there were also some concerns over Amazon’s ability to sell the ad inventory, according to a source familiar with the pitch. But Amazon’s ads business is expanding, and the company created a new sports group to help facilitate deals like these. It’s possible that Amazon would want these NFL streams offered as part of its Amazon Prime subscription package, though the NFL is hesitant to limit its distribution, which includes putting games behind a paywall. (Amazon has at least 66 million Prime members.) Last year, Amazon offered to show the games to anyone, not just Prime members, and it’s likely that would be a stipulation this year if the NFL cut a deal. YouTube YouTube has over a billion users, many of them young people, and has a large international audience. Google and the NFL are also already working together on a virtual reality video series. But while YouTube has lots of video advertisers, the company is going through a bit of an advertiser crisis at the moment, with numerous big-name marketers pulling ad dollars out of fear their ads will run next to offensive content. It’s certainly poor timing for YouTube, and the kind of brand association the NFL would like to avoid. What’s also unclear is whether or not YouTube will try and put the livestreams behind its YouTube Red paywall. That probably wouldn’t fly with the NFL. Subscribe to the Recode newsletter Sign up for our Recode Daily newsletter to get the top tech and business news stories delivered to your inbox. Your email Go By signing up you agree to our terms of use. recode_divider More From Recode Full transcript: Code Advisors partner Quincy Smith on Recode Decode Uber’s diversity is on par with the tech industry and that’s not great How to watch House Republicans debate — and potentially repeal — FCC privacy rules today Amazon has announced two grocery pickup locations that are free for Prime members China’s Tencent bought a 5 percent stake in Tesla Twitter will start selling pre-roll ads ahead of Periscope videos Trending Facebook copied Snapchat a fourth time, and now all its apps look the same Facebook doesn’t seem concerned with giving each of its core services a unique identity. Amazon’s store of the future is delayed. Insert ‘Told ya so’ from skeptical retail execs. Problems have arisen when the store is crowded. Elon Musk wants to connect computers to your brain so we can keep up with robots It’s called “neural lace.” Amazon has announced two grocery pickup locations that are free for Prime members Amazon adopts the click-and-collect model popular in the U.K. Watch what happens when Spotify gives unknown music acts a big push The playlist effect. More Trending Recode Daily Sign up for our Recode Daily newsletter to get the top tech and business news stories delivered to your inbox. Your email Go By signing up you agree to our terms of use. This Article has a component height of 23. The sidebar size is long. The Latest Full transcript: Code Advisors partner Quincy Smith on Recode Decode by Recode Staff Uber’s diversity is on par with the tech industry and that’s not great by Johana Bhuiyan How to watch House Republicans debate — and potentially repeal — FCC privacy rules today by Tony Romm Amazon has announced two grocery pickup locations that are free for Prime members by Jason Del Rey Chorus Terms of Use Privacy Policy Communications Preferences Contact Send Us a Tip Masthead Sponsorships Podcasts Newsletters All Systems Operational Check out our status page for more details. Vox Media Advertise with us Jobs @ Vox Media © 2017 Vox Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved tweet share
Technology & Business Gizmodo Kotaku Lifehacker Business Insider Lifestyle & Shopping POPSUGAR ShopStyle Who What Wear Byrdie MyDomaine Kin Community | Log in / Sign up Reviews Reviews Camera Reviews GoPro Hero5: The Gizmodo Review Canon PowerShot G7 X Mark II: Australian Review Impossible Project I-1 Polaroid Camera: The Gizmodo Review Leica's Waterproof X-U Camera: The Gizmodo Review Car Reviews Six Hours In An Aston Martin DB11 BMW i3 REx: Australian Review Volvo S90: Australian Review 2016 Holden Astra: Australian Review Phone Reviews Samsung Galaxy A5 & A7: Australian Review Huawei Mate 9: Australian Review Oppo R9s: Australian Review Motorola Moto Z: Australian Review PC Reviews SCUF Infinity1 And Infinity4PS Pro Controllers: The Australian Review iKBC F87 Australian Review: No Frills, No Fuss Origin PC Chronos: Australian Review LG 27UD88 4K FreeSync Monitor: Australian Review Smartwatch Reviews Huawei Fit: The Gizmodo Review Apple Watch Nike+: Australian Review The Pebble 2 Is Now The Only Fitness Tracking Smartwatch You Need Fitbit Charge 2 Review: The Best Fitness Tracker, Period Gadgets Reviews North Face Access Pack: Australian Review Building The IKEA Bike Is A Pain Worth Suffering Through Samsung Powerbot VR9300 Robot Vacuum Cleaner: Australian Review DJI Mavic Pro 4K Drone Review: So Close To Terrific Gaming Reviews Allcade 64-Bit Retro Console: The Gizmodo Review The Nintendo Switch: Australian Impressions Noblechairs' Gaming Chair Is For Firm Butts And Deep Pockets The Astro A50s Are Good Headphones With A Great Wireless Station Entertainment Reviews Life Is The Next Great Leap Forward For Science Fiction Horror Female-Fronted Horror Anthology XX Finds The Dread In Domesticity  Aldi Cocoon Ultra HD Media Player: Australian Review BeatsX Wireless Headphones: Australian Review Allcade 64-Bit Retro Console: The Gizmodo Review Samsung Galaxy Tab S3: The Gizmodo Review Life Is The Next Great Leap Forward For Science Fiction Horror Female-Fronted Horror Anthology XX Finds The Dread In Domesticity  Smart Home & Gadgets Ikea Has 'Smart' Lighting Now Amazon's Automated Grocery Store Works Great As Long As Nobody Runs Or Moves Stuff Around Shoppers Fly Down Staircase After 25-Metre Escalator Is Thrown Into Reverse Melbourne's Weather Is So Awful Someone Invented A Jacket To Deal With It Mobile How To Watch Samsung's Galaxy S8 Launch Live Stream CarPlay, Siri And AirPods Get New Features In Apple's iOS 10.3 Update For Some Reason, Samsung Might Sell Refurbished Versions Of Its Exploding Phones How To Run Windows On An iPhone, No Jailbreak Required Car Tech Report: Former British PM David Cameron Encouraged London Mayor To Drop Uber Regulations Which Character Caused The Most Damage In The 'Fast And The Furious' Movies? Your Ridiculously Awesome Ferrari Wallpaper Is Here Intoxicated Man 'Showing Off' New Subaru WRX Runs It Into A House: Police  Online The Most NSFW Site For Streaming Every Star Wars Movie Is Pornhub Discord Has A Child Porn Problem How To Protect Your PC From Trolls, Hackers And Other Obnoxious Security Threats What Will Elon Musk And Tim Cook Do For Trump's New 'Office Of American Innovation'? Science & Health Trump's Drastic Move To Dismantle The Clean Power Plan Won't Bring Coal Back New Up-Close Image Of Jupiter Is So Hypnotic It Hurts Americans Have Somehow Helped The Environment Without Even Trying Mice Have Been Mooching Off Humans For An Astounding 15,000 Years Cameras Carrying A Flying Camera Drone Results In Some Beautifully Stabilised Shots Rediscovered 1920s Home Movies Are The First To Show The White House In Colour This Nest Security Flaw Is Remarkably Stupid UK Testing Out Drone Army To Beef Up Its Already Robust Surveillance State  Computing Intel Claims Its Magical New Memory Will Speed Your Computer Up For Cheap You Can Download Night Shift For MacOS For Free Right Now Deals: Boost Your Mac's Functionality With This App Bundle US Congressman Wants To Use Facial Recognition To Track Immigrants Gaming Watch The Halo World Championships Live (Thanks To Twitter) Supergirl Shows Up To Fight Her Jerk Cousin In Injustice 2 Sydney's Microsoft Store Is Holding Free Game Development Workshops Game Of Thrones Is Getting A Tabletop Miniatures Game... Of Thrones Entertainment T'Challa Goes Car Surfing In The First Official Picture From Black Panther The New Spider-Man: Homecoming Trailer Features So Much Iron Man Trump Official's LEGO Batman Joke Will Be Investigated Because Democrats Clearly Want To Lose In 2020 A Mum Comes To Grips With Her Daughter's Destiny In Fantasy Short Goblin Queen  Toggle navigation Reviews Camera Reviews Car Reviews Phone Reviews PC Reviews Smartwatch Reviews Gadgets Reviews Gaming Reviews Entertainment Reviews Smart Home & Gadgets Mobile Car Tech Online Science & Health Cameras Computing Gaming Entertainment How To Watch Samsung's Galaxy S8 Launch Live Stream CarPlay, Siri And AirPods Get New Features In Apple's iOS 10.3 Update How You Can Help Australian Scientists Find A New Planet In Our Solar System How To Protect Your PC From Trolls, Hackers And Other Obnoxious Security Threats Google Says Its Job Is To Promote Climate Change Conspiracy Theories William Turton Mar 24, 2017, 10:30am ⋅ Filed to:  breitbart climate change google Share Yesterday, I wrote a short post about Google's Top Stories module. If you were in the US and googled "great barrier reef" on Wednesday, you'd be presented with a Breitbart article filled with ravings about how climate change isn't real, featured at the very top in the site's highlighted "Top Stories" box. When I went to the company's press team to see what was up, they assured me it was perfectly normal for an article written by a noted climate change denier to get pinned to the top of Google's results. Google Top Stories Serves Breitbart Garbage On Climate Science Read more In fact, a Google spokesperson told me via email that the job of a search engine is to present a range of news and views from across the spectrum. In theory, that sounds great, but maybe there should be an exception carved out for complete nonsense on climate science? If Google serves a climate denying Breitbart article within its search results, that's fine. At a very basic level, the Google search engine works by crawling and indexing the web, and does its best to present relevant links based on the search query. If some wild conspiracy is added to the results as a product of crawling the web, I can live with that. But presenting baseless climate lies in the sectioned off Top Stories module, something Google has complete control over, gives the article an appearance of credibility it certainly doesn't deserve. Google's defence of the story appearing in the Top Stories module was that it appears alongside other points of view. Unfortunately for Google, what's happening in Australia's Great Barrier Reef isn't exactly a point of view, but more of a consensus among scientists and climate experts. It's irresponsible for Google to carelessly attach some implicit credibility to a story that is pushing garbage climate denial. Even more unfortunate is the fact that the president of the country Google is headquartered in has employed former Breitbart executive chair Steve Bannon as his chief strategist, and an increasing number of Americans are reading the website's toxic untruths as fact. The company has a lot of responsibility here, and it has tried to shed virtually all of it. Google should make the legitimately difficult but correct decision to filter out climate denial from its Top Stories module. It is simply the right thing to do, and Google knows it. Google can present whatever range of views it pleases, but pushing climate change denial goes beyond that, reaching into the territory of active harm. There are some things in this world that are simply just true, and climate change is one of them. Climate change also happens to be one of the greatest threats to the world at large, and at the very least, Google, as one of the world's biggest information providers, could do a good job by not highlighting falsehoods about it. In November, Google CEO Sundar Pichai said that it was important that services like Google promote accurate stories, saying, "From our perspective, there should just be no situation where fake news gets distributed." Not promoting lies about climate science might be a good place to start. WATCH MORE: Tech News Comments Almost Guest Mar 24, 2017, 10:50am Are you expecting Google to read every article that it indexes, then grade them as to their basis in fact, and to only then display a list of appropriate articles matching a user's search criteria? Those who believe no proof is needed. For those that don't no proof is sufficient. Reply 0 nope @masterc82 Mar 24, 2017, 10:50am It's not the job of the search engine to hand-pick what they show or don't based. Top stories should be picked based soley on what the most popular stories are at that time. Reply 4 lee978 @978lee Mar 24, 2017, 11:40am If I could choose a search engine that excluded blatant lies, I would use that search engine. Who after all goe looking for an alternative TV guide that tells you the wrong times for shows? Who looks for information about Uganda hoping to find information about Urugay? What's the point in information if it's deliberatly wrong? Reply 1 samus3 @samus3 Mar 24, 2017, 12:27pm So do you trust Google to be the final arbiter of truth? I don't. I'd rather make my own informed decisions based on all the information available, as false as some it may be. Some topics are just not as black and white as a TV guide. It is a dangerous precedent for search engines to censor information. Reply 1 lee978 @978lee Mar 24, 2017, 2:05pm I agree lots of topics are not Black and White and most will have some degree of opinion in them either overtly expressed or expressed through editing. However there are also scientific truths and blatant lies. Scientific Truth "Global Warming is real and it's man made" Blatant lie "The Great Barrier Reef is in great health" I know Google are working on Algorithms that relate to Credibility which don't censor information, it just put's the crap at the bottom of the pile. Publications that are known for lying like the Daily Mail. If the stuff at the top doesn't feel true I can still search for alternatives and still make informed decisions. Reply 1 brettanthony @brettanthony Mar 24, 2017, 5:50pm Some topics are just not as black and white as a TV guide Totally agree, but when it comes to repetitively observed science, this is not an opinion, and saying otherwise is just a lie, not an opinion. Opinions dont make the antibiotics you take to clear an infection work, nor the computer you used to post that comment. Science and truth alone made that occur. Reply 0 CJonah Guest Mar 26, 2017, 2:51am How are you making an informed decision? Do you go for the middle ground? NAZIs want to kill all the Jews, the Jews would like none of them to be killed, so your informed decision is that half of the Jews must die? Or are your informed decisions based upon pre existing prejudices, and you're just looking for something to tell you that you're right? How do you get an informed decision if you aren't informed? I know maths, that's my major, so I'm okay at telling dodgy maths from legitimate proofs. I couldn't tell you if readings I didn't take from temperature monitors I didn't install are correct though, there's a lot of trust involved. And we've established the middle ground fallacy is, well, a fallacy, so your "informed decision" is wholly trust based as someone has to be lying. So how do you decide who to trust? How they look? Jury trials are notorious for deciding in favour of the more attractive person. How they talk? Friends recommendations? In computing there was a phrase, "rubbish in, rubbish out", albeit a tad more colourful, and it applies here. If you read nonsense then your decision is going to be based on that nonsense. If you aren't a climate scientist then you likely aren't capable of making an informed decision and as such what you do read should have the rubbish clearly marked as such. It's the biggest problem with a democracy; if you people read stupid things then you vote stupid and before you know it vaccinations are defunded, healthcare and education are optional, and a neo nazi is elected to the White House. Reply 0 pinchie @pinchie Mar 24, 2017, 12:35pm Why do you expect Google to be the fact police? They take websites, they trawl through it to make search results pertinent to your request... God forbid you'd have to use some critical thinking to check the validity of the content. That's now apparently Google's job. Reply 3 lee978 @978lee Mar 24, 2017, 2:32pm If I want to know the Atomic Number for Caesium why would I want Google not to be the "Fact Police?" In what reality are Facts not what I'm after in most searches? I'm not looking for a range of options. The Atomic Number is 55, no it's 76, no it's 12 and then after that do some "critical thinking to check the validity of the content" You know that Google is a company founded on providing Information "facts provided or learned about something or someone" Yes FACTS is part of the dictionary definition of Information. If you would like to do some critical thinking then let me ask you this? Who and why would someone want to fill Google with "Alternative" Facts? Lies are after all the corruption of truth so who out their stands to gain from this corruption? Reply -1 Zombie Jesus @zombiejesus Mar 26, 2017, 11:13am Google is a search engine, not an encyclopedia. While they make efforts to present factual information where possible, ultimately its job is to help you find information, not to decide what's true and what isn't. If you want the atomic number for caesium, why not use Wikipedia? Reply 2 pinchie @pinchie Mar 28, 2017, 2:02pm I went with the "It's not Google's job" line, and you respond with conspiracy crap. Why would someone want to fill Google with alternative facts? I don't know, and I don't care. Why would someone want to blame Google for the misinformation they blindly absorb? Because they don't - or can't - think critically for themselves. Also, lies are not a corruption of truth. They are the opposite of fact. Facts are a matter of what is and what is not, truth is a philosophical interpretation of fact. Google is not a company founded on providing information. It's a company founded on providing results for Internet searches. That's a fact. Whether those results are loaded with facts or lies is no concern of Google's. Trying to make it a concern of Google's is ostensibly trying to remove your own responsibility for disseminating and understanding what you read - and inevitably preach. Perhaps if you spent some time researching, you'd spend less time spreading the same bovine excrement you're decrying, yes? Last edited March 28, 2017 2:03 pm Reply 0 lee978 @978lee Mar 28, 2017, 7:49pm Why would someone want to fill Google with alternative facts? Why would anyone try and influence public opinion about the health of the Great Barrier Reef? What could possibly be gained from pretending that Climate Change is not happening and it's not a problem? We all know what's going on here, right? http://www.greenpeace.org/usa/global-warming/exxon-and-the-oil-industry-knew-about-climate-change/exxons-climate-denial-history-a-timeline/ So where does this "hey people should just do their own research" lead us. Oh yes here. http://www.abc.net.au/news/2017-03-06/health-groups-appalled-by-hanson-vaccination-remarks/8328714 I do think there is a place for these stories on Google & Facebook but they are not News stories. [NEWS: newly received or noteworthy information, especially about recent events. - Information: being - Facts provided or learned about something or someone.] Perhaps in an Opinions section, would be more appropriate. Reply 0 brettanthony @brettanthony Mar 24, 2017, 6:03pm That's now apparently Google's job I can certainly understand that point of view, but we aren't talking about a bunch of dumbo written random websites, we are talking about Top Stories. So in other words, something "humans" should be able to keep track of and change. A lot of people dont look at google as a "search engine", its an information source, and many just believe what they read, especially if they aren't scientifically educated (which is about 95% of the planet unfortunately, although less than 45% of the planet actually has internet access haha). That, in my eyes makes them (google) slightly responsible for what they display as "top" stories, no different than a newspapers...top stores. Reply 0 nope @masterc82 Mar 24, 2017, 6:18pm This is exactly why Google will choose to not moderate it's content unless forced to by a court of law. Most people believe what they are told, so if Google chooses what to show people, then that manipulates how they see the world. Free choice is not left to the user and they will see the world according to Google. Reply 2 brettanthony @brettanthony Mar 24, 2017, 8:26pm Well, google wants as many people to use "it" as a search engine, I get that...and why they want that$ ;) Lies give you nothing but poor outcomes, Westminster Bridge just shows how opinions can sometimes be detrimental to the survival of a species, purely from an evolutionary point of view of course. Reply 0 lee978 @978lee Mar 25, 2017, 10:26am Dictionary Definition of: information ɪnfəˈmeɪʃ(ə)n/Submit noun FACTS provided or learned about something or someone. Note the word FACTS. We all go to google looking for information not as an agglomeration of random opinions. What you have to ask is WHY does Breitbart want to fill Google and social media with disinformation? When the Media & Google are filled with so much disinformation and it becomes hard to know what's true and false. So who benefits? This is a great book BTW: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Merchants_of_Doubt Reply 0 Zombie Jesus @zombiejesus Mar 26, 2017, 11:16am Words have multiple definitions, and it's disingenuous to present only one definition from the OED when there are two. Particularly when the second has a subsection specifically relating to computing: 2 What is conveyed or represented by a particular arrangement or sequence of things. 2.1 (Computing) Data as processed, stored, or transmitted by a computer. In this context information has no factual obligation, information is just data. Reply 0 pformagg @pformagg Mar 24, 2017, 11:00am its Google's job to promote the most popular links. If 10s of 1000s go to Breitbart , then they will rank highly. The fact that a technology journalist doesn't know this is stupidly amazing, and trying to get Google to change this is even more stupidly amazing. This has nothing to do with truth about climate change, it has everything to do with complex algorithms based a numerous metrics. Last edited March 24, 2017 11:01 am Reply 2 Matt5050 Guest Mar 24, 2017, 12:10pm Google's job is to organize the worlds information, presumably, for making the world more informed. I see no reason why countering (or labeling) misinformation wouldn't be part of this. Indeed, it is a critical part of this... I really like the 'now heres a counter argument' feature of FB and Google, I think its also a critical part of this, I have no problems with differing opinions and arguments. But when something is obviously bs... I understand there are significant challenges in this, but to just palm it off with a blasé attitude as if to be proud you are defending 'free speech'... You are a private company, you a free to not promote someone else's bullshit. Reply 0 solonoid @solonoid Mar 24, 2017, 12:54pm Give them time, sooner or later they'll build an algorithm that can cross check information on the fly and mark information as factual or possible false information. This has only become a real issue since the Orangutan took power. Reply 2 spod @spod Mar 26, 2017, 11:12am That's a hell of an insult to orangutans... Reply 0 Zombie Jesus @zombiejesus Mar 26, 2017, 11:24am That kind of judgement-based assessment capability would require intense processing power. Google indexes 60 trillion pages as of mid-2016, evaluating truthfulness of those pages every time a change is detected would require obscene amounts of CPU time, assuming Google even has enough hardware to have its truth analytics keep up with its crawler speed. It may well happen, but expect it more 'later' than 'sooner'. Reply 0 russelldro @russelldro Mar 24, 2017, 2:15pm I thought google worked on hits or searches. Maybe it's up the top because people are searching for climate change deniers so they can then troll them and blackmail them into changing their mind. Happening every day of the week now. Fall in line or you will be told...... Reply 0 death_au @death_au Mar 24, 2017, 3:47pm Look, in this case the climate change denying article might be total bunk, but there should be no one arbiter of "truth". If google (or anyone else) is in charge of only showing things that are true, then we end up in a situation where what is "true" is only what they say is true, and if they don't say it's true, it must be false. This is terrible. You should be free to read the bunk articles and make up your own mind that they're bunk, otherwise nothing would ever be disproven and people's understanding of the world will never change. You'd be left with an "information dictatorship" Reply 3 ahpeeyem @ahpeeyem Mar 26, 2017, 1:30am "You should be free to read the bunk articles and make up your own mind that they're bunk, otherwise nothing would ever be disproven...and...You'd be left with an "information dictatorship" Yeah, i know what you're saying, we should all be free to read whatever garbage we like and we are all entitled to hold any moronic or anti-establishment opinion that makes us feel unique and special. But 'Top Stories' is active promotion of the stories there. The science of climate change isn't being decided by people reading about it on Google News (thankfully!) but by the scientists out there doing science, and they're the ones telling us that it's happening. So isn't it irresponsible for media outlets to continue the climate debate effectively on behalf of the vested interests who are publishing this misinformation? If I had to guess though i would say Top Stories is completely automated and humans only get involved if they need to. Apparently some changes were made in the past few months in response to fake news uproar. http://searchengineland.com/google-replaces-news-box-top-stories-desktop-264993 Reply 0 anon @anon Mar 26, 2017, 9:02am The moment you start to accept that other people have different ideas and thoughts other than your own is when you see the world in a less polarized lens. Reply 0 felicitous_blue @felicitous_blue Mar 26, 2017, 10:04am The big problem is anyone who takes anything they read completely on face value... there should always be an element of considering the source and critically analysing what you read. problem is, it's hard to do that for some people either because they have never been taught the importance of this and given the skills to do so, or just lack the intellectual ability to do so. Hence taking info on Google, Facebook etc as sources of "facts", whereas these should just be viewed as information repositories. Google is like a public library, Facebook is listening to people down the pub.... you need to decide what's fact and what's fiction. Last edited March 26, 2017 10:05 am Reply 0 Join the discussion! Log In Sign Up Guest Access Join the discussion! Cancel Reply Log In / Sign Up Name Email You are starting a new discussion. You are replying to a comment. Cancel Edit × Comment Voting Up Votes Down Votes × Only logged in users may vote for comments! Please log in or register to gain access to this feature. No Thanks Log In Sign Up × Get Permalink Close Trending Stories Right Now United Airlines Refused To Board Female Passengers Because They Wore Leggings Alanis King 27 Mar 2017 9:15 AM Twitter user Shannon Watts started a firestorm on Sunday by saying she saw three passengers barred from a flight on United Airlines, apparently because they were wearing spandex leggings. In responding, United representatives repeated that the airline can "refuse passengers who are not properly clothed." NASA Is Eyeing Off A Breakthrough Australian Scientific Discovery That Could Reverse Aging (And Help Get Us To Mars) Rae Johnston 27 Mar 2017 9:45 AM This is incredible. University of New South Wales researchers have made a discovery that could lead to a drug that actually reverses aging - and could even help NASA get its astronauts to Mars. Want Gizmodo's email newsletter? Subscribe Have a tip? Contact our editors! Latest Deals Deals: Boost Your Mac's Functionality With This App Bundle Deals: Charge Your iPhone 7 And Listen to Music With These 2-In-1 Cables Deals: Learn One Of The Most In-Demand Coding Languages For Just $55 Buy A LG G6, Get A Free TV Trending Articles 1 United Airlines Refused To Board Female Passengers Because They Wore Leggings 2 NASA Is Eyeing Off A Breakthrough Australian Scientific Discovery That Could Reverse Aging (And Help Get Us To Mars) 3 Melbourne's Weather Is So Awful Someone Invented A Jacket To Deal With It T'Challa Goes Car Surfing In The First Official Picture From Black Panther Trump's Drastic Move To Dismantle The Clean Power Plan Won't Bring Coal Back How To Watch Samsung's Galaxy S8 Launch Live Stream The New Spider-Man: Homecoming Trailer Features So Much Iron Man Discord Has A Child Porn Problem Some Terrific Dishonored 2 Cosplay Uwe Boll's Restaurant Is Better Than His Movies How To Make Awesome Japanese Curry From Bricks Put The Clock Back On The Right In Windows 10 Quickly Merge Together A Bunch Of Finder Windows With The Merge All Windows Option Eat An Egg Before Bed To Help You Sleep Better Why It's Important To Cancel Dinner Reservations If You Can't Make It The Fed is keeping a close eye on 'Trumpcare' failure David Einhorn's terrible idea could not have come at a worse time for GM Cable news networks are shattering ratings records The Trump administration is judging itself on the wrong market © 2007-2017 Allure Media About Advertise Contact Terms of Use Gizmodo International × Log in to Gizmodo Username or Email Password Remember me Login Don't have an account? Create one here Forgot your password? Click here to reset × Sign up to Gizmodo User Details @ This is your permanent identity for Gizmodo, Kotaku and Lifehacker Australia. Your email must be valid for account activation Minimum of 8 standard keyboard characters Subscriptions Email newsletters will contain a brief summary of our top stories, plus details of competitions and reader events. Gizmodo Newsletter Kotaku Newsletter Lifehacker Newsletter Yes, I wish to receive exclusive discounts, special offers and competitions from our partners. Send Activation Email Already have an account? Log in × Reset Password Email Reset Password Back to login × Gizmodo International Gizmodo US Gizmodo UK Gizmodo Spain Gizmodo Brazil Gizmodo Japan Close
  Home U.K.     News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Latest Headlines News World News Arts Headlines Pictures Most read Wires My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Renovation Ivanka: How the First Daughter and Jared have transformed their DC home with a mixture of top designers and regular brands... shame the neighbors don't appreciate it The 'War on Coal' is over: President Trump signs executive order to roll back Obama-era environmental regulations  'Why would I?': House Intel Committee chairman Devin Nunes says he's NOT recusing himself from Russia probe - and wins support of Paul Ryan - after Democrats demand he step aside Ryan tries to revive Obamacare repeal bill, saying Republicans will 'sit down and talk things out until we get there' – but Spicer says White House is not 'planning an immediate strategy' 'We will fight': Mayors of sanctuary cities across the country fire back at Attorney General Sessions after he threatens to cut off their Justice Department grants worth billions Trump wants to pay for border wall with $18 BILLION in cuts from domestic programs – including medical research grants Kremlin says that Jared Kushner's meeting with CEO of sanctioned bank 'was ordinary business' - as financial institution says it talked to Trump's son-in-law in his capacity as a real estate developer White women criticized for wearing hoop earrings because the style results from 'oppression and exclusion' of black people as the jewelry is increasingly seen as a form of 'cultural appropriation' Government 'offers Fox News's ex-CFO immunity' in exchange for testimony against Roger Ailes: Former executive will avoid prosecution 'if he provides information on payments the founding CEO made to women he harassed'  'With this ship, we're capable of owning the night': Coast Guard brings in 16-ton haul of seized cocaine worth $420million after a massive drug operation in the eastern Pacific EXCLUSIVE: 'Sexual abuse became part of the fabric of my soul': Author of best-selling book and Octavia Spencer film The Shack tells of his harrowing childhood at the hands of 'cannibal tribesmen' in Indonesia EXCLUSIVE: No lipstick, no perfume - The wife of Orlando nightclub shooter Omar Mateen is placed in solitary and fed through a slot in the door as she awaits extradition to Florida, charged with aiding a terrorist  Georgia police search desperately for 28-year-old woman who disappeared with her three young children five days ago EXCLUSIVE: Mother and veterinarian jumps to her death from seventh floor luxury apartment - hours before she was set to appear in court for allegedly putting a hit on her ex-husband 'Doomsday Library' opens in Norway where the world's most precious BOOKS will be stored in digital form to protect them from the apocalypse 'Superhero' father-of-two British soldier dies in California after hit-and-run crash  She's a real work of art! Duchess of Cambridge wows in green lace and outshines the celebrity guests as she leaves Wills with the children for a gallery gala Did they think it was a BLUE movie? Smurfette is removed from posters for the new Smurf movie in Israeli city to avoid upsetting orthodox Jews  More DEADLY heat is on its way: Study finds extreme heat events will soon affect 350 million people even if nations hit climate change targets 'Every other commercial has an interracial couple in it': White supremacist who stabbed 66-year-old black man to death with a sword in New York reveals he was on a 'practice run' to fight against 'black guys leading good white women astray'  'I knew he was struggling': Prince's ex-wife speaks out about the pop icon's devastating addiction, secret overdoses and drug stashes Family of filmmaker who died diving off the Florida Keys sue over 'risky' expedition led by jewel thief who 'sold military-grade scuba gear to Libyans' Striking out! Auburn softball player gets into a shoving match with coach who dismissed her two older sisters from the team Horrifying moment villagers cut open a giant python and discover their missing friend inside who had been swallowed whole after being crushed to death  Previous Next Jihadi terror manuals on how to use a car as a 'tool of war' for mass murder can be found in just two minutes on Google and Twitter Fanatics are urged to use cars before going on stabbing rampage in the guides Video revealed after Khalid Masood killed three in car then stabbed a policeman Manuals told jihadists in West to learn from Palestinian terrorists who use cars  News comes as Boris Johnson accused social media sites of inciting terrorism  By Paul Bentley and Glen Keough and Sam Greenhill for the Daily Mail Published: 19:48 EDT, 23 March 2017 | Updated: 08:01 EDT, 24 March 2017 e-mail 1k shares 132 View comments Guides to mounting a car terror attack were available on Google and Twitter last night. The vile manuals were online despite widespread warnings that UK jihadists use them for training. Fanatics are urged to deploy large vehicles as ‘tools of war’ before going on a stabbing rampage – the template for Wednesday’s atrocity in Westminster. Boris Johnson accused social media websites of inciting terrorism. The vile manuals were online despite widespread warnings that UK jihadists use them for training And Google’s YouTube video platform was found to be raking in money from conspiracy theories saying the London outrage was a hoax. As the maniac behind the attack was unmasked as 52-year-old Khalid Masood:  The security services faced questions because he was known to police and MI5;  Home Secretary Amber Rudd denied failures but admitted: ‘One got through’;  It emerged MPs had raised concerns about the Commons gates Masood waltzed through;  Officials revealed that he was shot dead by a ministerial bodyguard, rather than by armed police;  Islamic State claimed Masood was its ‘soldier’;  Officers made eight arrests around the country;  The death toll rose to five when a 75-year-old man died in hospital last night. Masood, a bodybuilder and violent criminal who claimed to have been a teacher, raced across Westminster Bridge on Wednesday in a hire car, smashing into pedestrians at up to 70mph, killing three and injuring 28. RELATED ARTICLES Previous 1 Next 'I saw him pick up his daughter. He knew his wife was in an... Theresa May was just '50 YARDS' from London terror attacker... Revealed: Terrorist was shot dead by minister's protection... The £59-a-night Brighton hotel where Westminster terrorist... Share this article Share 1k shares He then slipped through a gate into the precincts of Parliament where he hacked to death Keith Palmer, a 48-year-old constable. Born Adrian Elms in Kent, Masood had converted to Islam and was ‘on the radar’ of MI5. Police said he had been ‘inspired’ by international terrorism. But last night attention turned to whether the attacker, who is said to have acted as a ‘lone wolf’, could have been radicalised online. Speaking at a security conference in the US, Foreign Secretary Mr Johnson called on internet giants to take action. He said: ‘We are going to have to engage not just militarily, but also to stop the stuff on the internet that is corrupting and polluting so many people. ‘This is something that the internet companies and social media companies need to think about. Wedding Day: Murdered constable Keith Palmer with wife Michelle ‘They need to do more to take that stuff off their media, the incitements, the information about how to become a terrorist, the radicalising sermons and messages. That needs to come down.’ In the hours after the London attack, the Daily Mail found vile Islamic State terror manuals online through simple searches on Google and Twitter. One included a section on using vehicles as weapons. It told jihadists in the West to learn from Palestinian terrorists who ‘have resorted to using cars as tools of war, also knives as weapons which are easily available from DIY stores’. The manual was published a year ago, before the vehicle attacks in Nice, Berlin and London, which have killed 102 people and injured more than 500. Another Islamic State publication was available through Google and Twitter with detailed instructions on how to cause mayhem. It was written after the Bastille Day attack in Nice, when a truck was used to murder 86 people – ten of them children and teenagers – at a fireworks display. It said the Nice attack ‘superbly demonstrated’ how vehicles can be used for terror, having the effect of ‘smashing their bodies while crushing their heads, torsos and limbs under the vehicle’s wheels leaving behind a trail of carnage’. It added: ‘Vehicles are like knives, as they are extremely easy to acquire. But unlike knives, which if found in one’s possession can be a cause for suspicion, vehicles arouse absolutely no doubts due to their widespread use throughout the world. It has been shown that smaller vehicles are incapable of granting the level of carnage that is sought. One of the main reasons for this is smaller vehicles lack the weight and wheel span required for crushing many victims. ‘The type of vehicle most appropriate for such an operation is a large load-bearing truck.’ The guide also gave instructions on where on the body to strike with a knife. The social media giants were criticised by MPs last week for failing to do enough to remove extremist content. Last night, Google removed links to the manuals that were found by the Mail. A spokesman said: ‘We are deeply troubled by violence and acts of terrorism and our thoughts are with the victims of yesterday’s attack in London. We remove links to illegal content in search when reported to us.’ Standing together: Thousands gathered in London's Trafalgar Square today to pay a defiant tribute to those who lost their lives in the attack Links to the Islamic State manuals were available on Twitter, as well as pictures of pages with detailed instructions on how to kill innocent people. Twitter removed one suspect user’s account after being contacted by the Mail. But other images were not removed as these had been posted by academics who were not promoting the manuals in a positive way. Twitter said that in the last six months of 2016 it suspended 376,890 accounts for violations related to promotion of terrorism. A spokesman added: ‘We don’t comment on individual accounts for privacy and security reasons.’ Among those injured in Wednesday’s attack were nationals from France, Romania, South Korea, Germany, Poland, Ireland, China, Italy, the US and Greece. Twelve of the victims had to be treated in hospital for serious injuries. UK students Travis Frain and Owen Lambert were among the injured, as were four South Korean tourists, including one with serious injuries.   YouTube makes money on sick hoax claim videos  KATHERINE RUSHTON, MEDIA AND TECHNOLOGY EDITOR FOR THE DAILY MAIL Google is making money from vile claims that the London terror attack was a hoax, and that its victims were actors and mannequins. Netflix, Guess, Trivago, Opodo, Asus and SunLife insurance have adverts alongside videos published by conspiracy theorists on Google’s YouTube platform. Within hours of the attack, YouTube was hosting hundreds of videos claiming the atrocity was faked. One user sang Allahu Akbar to the tune of London Bridge is Falling Down – a reference to Westminster Bridge where the attacker ploughed into pedestrians. Google profits from the ads itself, but also hands a cut directly to those who post shocking videos. Some of those posting about Wednesday’s attack claimed that those who were injured and killed were in fact actors using plastic limbs and that the emergency services were in on an elaborate plot to terrify ordinary citizens. Conspiracy theorists: The vile videos have adverts alongside them Ads from the online travel site Opodo appeared on posts by the user Russianvids, claiming that a woman trapped under a bus looked like a mannequin ‘they pulled out of Walmart’. One of the viewers said the ‘actors are terrible’. Others claim that the atrocity was orchestrated by Jews trying to frame Islamists, Freemasons, or the ‘New World Order’ – a name used to describe a new, global totalitarian government which is allegedly taking over the world. They even drew links to the Prime Minister and the Queen. Many of the wild theories also dwell on the date of the attack – 22 March, or 3/22 as it would be written in the US. The fantasists claim that the number 322 has occult associations, and point out that is shorthand for Skull and Bones, an American secret society. One user, ScreamCrow Face, published a series of rants suggesting that London Mayor Sadiq Khan staged the attack to support his demands for more police on the streets. The video featured ads by Opodo, Asus, Guess, Trivago and Sleep mattresses. Yesterday, Google had disabled ads on many but not all of the hateful videos. The firm places the ads using automated technology rather than human judgment. Those posting videos on the site receive up to £6.15 for every 1,000 views, and many are watched millions of times. Many of the users who have posted hoax claim videos about the attack have made money from YouTube, but not necessarily from ads on that video itself. The videos only host ads where clearly stated. A YouTube spokesman said last night: ‘Videos threatening violence are against YouTube’s policies and we remove them quickly when they are flagged to us. ‘When it comes to advertising, we have strict guidelines that define where ads should appear.’   Share or comment on this article e-mail 1k shares Most watched News videos Dead man is cut out of the stomach of a seven metre long PYTHON Monkman gets the better of Seagull in University Challenge semi-final Shocking moment a driver is punched through his car window Driver's hilarious attempt to squeeze car through tight gap Maid caught on camera appearing to be POSSESSED by evil spirits Furious cyclist smashes driver's windscreen with his own bike Mother films invasive TSA pat-down of her disabled teenage son Brazen man catches huge COBRA out of hole with his bare hands Dad confronts policewoman who confiscated daffodils from daughters UNC's Luke Maye goes to his 8AM class after beating Kentucky Dramatic moment a car is struck by lightning as it drives down road Shocking carer steals money out of dementia patient's handbag Horrifying moment villagers cut open a giant python and... Make it so! Calls for Sir Patrick Stewart to appear on... Hedge fund executive, 56, who invested billions with... The battery farm calves: Shocking photos show young... Surrogate slave: Florida woman, 47, paid for young woman... Mother films 'horrifying' pat-down of her disabled... 'The lioness who inspired us all': Lawyers pay tribute to... Three teenage burglars are shot dead by homeowner's son,... KATIE HOPKINS: WhatsApp? What's up is the great... Sturgeon throws down the gauntlet: Scottish Parliament... Furious white van passenger repeatedly punches a driver... Has George Michael been buried under cover of darkness?... ‘Ali v Foreman, but with jumpers on’: Cambridge whizz... Three nursery nurses 'cruelly force-fed toddlers in their... Woman discovers chilling footage appearing to show her... Fortress Britain: Police install new anti-terror barriers... One was relaxed, every inch a stateswoman while her... 'The judge WAS right': Teenage rape victim who was... MOST READ NEWS Previous Next ● ● ● ● Comments 132 Share what you think Newest Oldest Best rated Worst rated   View all The comments below have been moderated in advance.   View all The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline. We are no longer accepting comments on this article. More top stories Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     Femail Today EXCLUSIVE: 'Sexual abuse became part of the fabric of my soul.' Author of book and Octavia Spencer film The Shack tells of his horrific childhood Renovation Ivanka: How the First Daughter and Jared have transformed their DC home with a mixture of top designers and  day-to-day brands She's a real work of art! Kate wows in a forest green lace dress by Temperley for a glittering gala at the National Portrait Gallery in London 'I would go to sleep crying': Michelle Pfeiffer, 58, talks playing Al Pacino's cocaine-addicted trophy wife in Scarface as she poses for Interview magazine 'Hanging out like best buds': Kendall Jenner is a dream in green as she spends the day shopping with Paris Jackson at a flea market in LA Discover Los Angeles for FREE: Our guide to experiencing the city without spending a cent All you need is the right know-how SPONSORED 'I feel gross!' My Big Fat Fabulous Life star Whitney Thore can't believe her ears after discovering the man she's dating is her COUSIN Someone's ready for spring! Malia Obama bares her legs in mini dress as she heads into work She braved NYC temperatures in the 40s  Just admiring the view! Kristin Cavallari posts nude photo of husband Jay Cutler gazing out at the Caribbean water while on romantic trip to Mexico Pitch Perfect fans claim Rebel Wilson is being body-shamed after photo shows her wearing a short-sleeve tee while co-stars pose in skin-baring halters  'I wanted to physically harm myself': WWE star Paige reveals pain she suffered after sex tape leaked... as fiance announces their wedding date 'I greet him with a Versace towel and water in a Versace glass': Kim Kardashian reveals she pampers Kanye West after his concerts Think you know LA? Think again! From Sunken City to a pizzeria that makes women go into labor, the sights you won't find in a guidebook SPONSORED Val Kilmer claps back at critics who called him 'creepy' and 'obsessive' for revealing his longtime crush on Cate Blanchett in a series of tweets Morning perk! Braless Jenna Dewan Tatum flashes her chest in sheer black top as she exits coffee shop in LA The Step Up star wore a casual outfit  Flirty at the fairground: Kim Zolciak's daughter Brielle Biermann kisses boyfriend Michael Kopech while posing for playful shoot Romantic day out 'I would never play a person of a different race!': Scarlett Johansson answers critics who say her role in Ghost In The Shell is a 'whitewash' Emma Thompson blasts Hollywood's 'terrible' anorexia problem (and reveals she once threatened to QUIT film after co-star was told to lose weight)  Out and a pout: Rumer Willis flashes big smile with plumped up lips while promoting new Empire role  She has transformed her look in recent months Just in time for Easter: Reese Witherspoon cuddles up to a bunny as she models new dress from her Draper James clothing line Always busy mom Rooney Mara appears topless as a grieving widow in new trailer for A Ghost Story with Casey Affleck Movie got rave reviews at Sundance festival Shameless star Emmy Rossum's 'house robbed of $150k worth of jewelry after she left combinations written down near home safes' Broken back door  Mariah Carey relaxes in a robe on her 47th birthday while enjoying luxury beach trip with toyboy Bryan Tanaka Chilled out in Cabo San Lucas, Mexico Legs for days! Katie Holmes shows off her dancer legs as she models a denim miniskirt under her oversized coat in chilly New York City Leonardo DiCaprio and Nina Agdal join Orlando Bloom on board a boat during St Barts vacation as they celebrate the swimsuit model's 25th birthday Effortlessly sophisticated! Kate Hudson steps out in suede ankle boots and pinstripe pants...after packing on the PDA with Danny Fujikawa 'I fell in love': Alec Baldwin recalls the moment he asked if 30 Rock co-star Tina Fey was single... and reveals he almost passed on SNL Trump gig She Did It Again! Shakira dazzles in lace and leather for children's charity launch in Barcelona... after winning an award for her philanthropic efforts What's the buzz Rusty? Russell Crowe channels Romper Stomper character with new crew cut as he works on his fitness with a park kick about Sophie Taylor, the Australian model pictured with Prince William on his ski holiday, hopes the attention 'relaunches her modelling career' 'I knew he was struggling': Prince's ex-wife Mayte speaks out about the pop icon's devastating addiction, secret overdoses and drug stashes Another day, another bikini! Victoria's Secret Angel Martha Hunt stuns in green two-piece on Miami vacation The 27-year-old flaunted her incredible body All made up... for takeout! Chrissy Teigen looks chic in straw hat, striped blouse and torn jeans to pick up food at hot spot Madeo in West Hollywood There's the money shot! Malin Akerman and onscreen husband Damian Lewis strip off for raunchy sex scene during their new drama Billions  'My girl met my girl!' Hoda Kotb shares photo of Today co-host Kathie Lee Gifford cuddling adopted newborn tot Haley Joy during the pair's first meeting 'It could happen': Nick Jonas sounds hopeful about co-starring with pal Jennifer Lopez in the NBC live musical revival of Bye Bye Birdie Big show in works 'This isn't the last you've seen of me': Maksim Chmerkovskiy vows to return to DWTS alongside Heather Morris after calf injury keeps him on sidelines Make-up free Liv Tyler cuts a chic figure in specs and skintight leggings as she enjoys a shopping spree in London with fiance Dave Gardner 'We all float down here': Teaser trailer and poster for Stephen King's IT heads down to the sewer with evil clown Pennywise 'I miss LA': Karrueche Tran longs for home as she shares makeup-free selfie in New Orleans... after showing off her fit physique during workout session Daddy's little Idol! Eric Cowell is the spitting image of father Simon as he joins glam mom Lauren Silverman for a spot of fine dining in Malibu David Beckham as you've never seen him before! Unrecognizable hunk sports gruesome rotting teeth and huge scar on his face on set of new King Arthur flick Girls who code: Ivanka reveals she will take computer language class with her daughter, Arabella, 5, as she addresses Air and Space Museum  There she blows! Kyra Sedgwick has a Marilyn Monroe moment as a gust of wind lifts up her skirt during outing with husband Kevin Bacon Wind beneath her skirt 'Namaste': Lindsay Lohan shows off her cleavage in a plunging black swimsuit as she embraces her inner zen in Thailand Visiting Phuket Pillow talk! Demi Lovato and Jimmy Fallon make out with cushions as they play teenage besties in hilarious new Ew! segment  Pamela Anderson offers to take Prime Minister of Ireland out for a pint of Guinness if he supports banning the use of wild animals in circuses John Legend looks typically cool in a statement leather jacket as he arrives for radio interview in Paris He'll be on tour in Europe in the fall Her body is still Bootylicious! Kelly Rowland shows off her STUNNING physique in one-piece swimsuit during day at the beach with son Titan, 2 'He's just the best guy': Ryan Gosling raves about co-star Harrison Ford while promoting Blade Runner sequel at CinemaCon  He was a little starstruck Ellie Goulding cozies up to rumored beau Caspar Jopling as they enjoy a romantic stroll in NYC... following her fling with the Beckhams' bodyguard Bobby Rich My how you've grown! Nicole Kidman's daughters Sunday and Faith are spitting image of their famous mom as they stroll through Sydney Airport  What's Eating Gilbert Grape star Darlene Cates, who played Leonardo DiCaprio and Johnny Depp's mother in hit movie, dies at age 69 Bikini babe! Cara Santana flashes hint of cleavage and rock hard abs as she flaunts her bod in sexy Instagram snap Actress gave closeup  A new royal military man! Handsome Crown Prince Hussein of Jordan follows in William and Harry's footsteps by enrolling at Sandhurst  Secret admirers? Kendall Jenner and her pal Cara Delevingne hold red roses as they party the night away in LA with their model buddy Lily Donaldson 'We will miss you': Katy Perry changes Twitter handle and pays tribute to 18-year-old fan who died in car accident The 32-year-old singer wrote touching message Rihanna strips off as Bates Motel FINALLY reveals its iconic Psycho shower scene... after singer confessed she can't bear to watch her raunchy moments Is the Fresh Prince going back to Bel-Air? Internet goes into meltdown as cast of 90s show reunites... raising fans' hopes of a new series Bar Refaeli reveals she's pregnant with second child as she shows off baby bump... eight months after welcoming daughter Liv with husband Adi Ezra 'I want you to be better': New trailer for Spider-Man: Homecoming shows Peter Parker being mentored by Tony Stark as they take on Vulture Start and end! Katie Maloney and Tom Schwartz get married as Scheana Marie plans for divorce on Vanderpump Rules Joy and heartbreak  'RIP beautiful princess': Tributes pour in for Zayn Malik's cousin Arshiya after she dies aged five following battle with brain tumor One Direction star Kate's Brexit tour continues! Duchess of Cambridge to visit Luxembourg with Prince William in May as royals stage European charm offensive Crown Princess Mary gives Queen Mathilde a sightseeing tour as they take boat trip with their husbands on day one of the Belgian royals' state visit to Denmark Justin Bieber faces being ARRESTED in Brazil four years after allegedly spray painting graffiti on wall of $28m hotel Happened in 2013 What a year it's been! Ivanka Trump shares adorable photos of her sharing spaghetti with baby Theodore as he turns one  Another milestone  Camera shy Demi Moore keeps it casual as she heads home with daughter Scout, 25, after a family dinner date at Mastro's Steakhouse in Beverly Hills Robin Thicke's girlfriend April Love Geary, 22, looks in good spirits during grocery shop run... as she moves on from nude photo leak drama Billie Lourd and Taylor Lautner look smitten in poppy field... as it's revealed she isn't looking after her late mother Carrie Fisher's beloved French bulldog Kendall Jenner cruises around the sunny streets of LA in her eye-catching purple convertible Cadillac Joined by rapper Yoni Laham and other friends Bella Thorne tells fans she 'hates' being single before sharing saucy Snapchats from a night out with friends Wild child is known for her active love life 'She was denying and crying': Kim Kardashian was with Paris Hilton when sex tape leaked.. but allegedly 'calmed down' when talk turned to money Off-duty beauty: Make-up free model Kate Moss, 43, keeps it casual in a khaki jacket and skinny jeans as she leaves a photo shoot in London 'Go with Guy Fieri here': Blake Shelton continues to mock show rival Adam Levine's blonde hair on The Voice Cooking up some competition Devon Windsor shows off her killer legs in tiny Daisy Dukes for photo shoot in Miami Showed why she is a top Victoria's Secret supermodel She's got that magic hour glow! Margot Robbie enjoys wedded bliss on a tropical beach with a chilled flute of champagne in hand at sunset 'Stop and frisky': Erika Jayne plays naughty motorist with Gleb Savchenko as officer on Dancing With The Stars Comedian Chris Kattan was eliminated 'I think everything I do is terrible': Lorde shows off her quirky style in plunging Bardot ensemble... as she reveals her self deprecating side Heath Ledger's 'blood-stained' shirt from Brokeback Mountain and James Bond's tuxedo go on sale in auction of Hollywood memorabilia  So it's on? Bachelorette alum Luke Pell cozies up to Danielle Lombard at event...after revealing they've been 'hanging out' 'I'm not commenting on it at all': Teen Mom 2 star Jenelle Evans refuses to address new co-star Briana DeJesus after 2014 Twitter feud Dissent in the ranks Nicole Kidman says  Keith Urban was shocked at her 'massive bruises' caused by physical Big Little Lies love scenes with Alexander Skarsgard  'Is that a prosthetic?': Big Little Lies fans react excitedly on Twitter after Alexander Skarsgard appears to go full-frontal One very revealing role She likes a man in the kitchen! Scarlett Johansson reveals her two celebrity crushes are Gordon Ramsay and Anthony Bourdain Recently filed for divorce 'I saw the pain in my eyes': Dynasty star Linda Evans admits that she shocked by online leak of 'disturbing' 2014 DUI arrest footage Soap star spoke out Brooding boy! Hollywood hunk Brenton Thwaites rocks long locks in pensive photo-shoot, revealing his idol is fellow Australian Hugh Jackman Jessica Chastain strikes a sultry pose in cleavage-baring Alexander McQueen dress at the premiere of The Zookeeper's Wife Never fails to impress Hotting up! Lily James shows off flat stomach as she peels off turtle neck sweater while enjoying stroll in sunshine with boyfriend Matt Smith Michael Jackson's business partners lose their bid to grab a share of his assets after judge rejects claim the star promised them a stake in his company  Jailbird Apollo Nida 'on the hunt for millions' after judge nullifies divorce from Real Housewives' Phaedra Parks Still legally married  Kendall Jenner stuns in belted silk jacket (and not much else) as she poses with Lily Donaldson at Valerian teaser screening Standing out   Field of dreams for sale! Kevin Costner lists his sprawling Montecito property for $60million Sprawling property extends over a majestic 10 acres She's a real team player! Queen Letizia of Spain is presented with a basketball jersey emblazoned with her name as she meets young athletes in Madrid Making them green with envy! Julianne Hough dazzles on the red carpet in plunging emerald gown for Dancing With The Stars Showstopper  Burt Bacharach is being sued by a dog sitter who claims his Portuguese Water Dog bit off two of his fingers, requiring a skin graft from his groin  New dad Liam Payne, 23, cracks a joke about being on diaper duty after welcoming son... as girlfriend Cheryl, 33, 'hatches plan to conquer the mommy market' 'I had a $28,000 hotel bill': Cher claims the REAL reason she finally agreed to appear on David Letterman's show was for the paycheck Legendary feud 'I dream of genie': Khloe shows off her svelte figure and trim waist in a plunging white jumpsuit... after revealing she used to be 'shamed' for her curves Greased Lightning strikes twice! John Travolta and Olivia Newton-John set to return as Sandy and Danny to mark 40 year anniversary of original Flex appeal! A muscular Justin Theroux shows off his ripped arms in edgy punk shirt as he leaves the gym in West Hollywood Starry eyed! Queen Maxima opts for a heavily-embellished coat for another day of engagements with her glamorous guest, Argentina's First Lady Christian Siriano designed custom two piece 'fairy tale' bridal look for OITNB star Samira Wiley...after she 'spent years in an orange jumpsuit'  'Never let go': Sofia Richie, 18, gets SEVENTH tattoo with a personal motto inked on her wrist What's she holding on to?  Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson shows off his huge biceps in leather jacket as he promotes Jumanji reboot Certainly knows how to rock a jacket Grizzled Casey Affleck is joined by screen daughter Anna Pniowsky as they shoot scenes for new drama Light Of My Life on Vancouver Island Happy Birthday Mommy! Fergie celebrates turning 42 with sung greetings from husband Josh Duhamel and their son Axl A sheer winner! Tyra Banks wears see-through lace pantsuit as she gears up for her new role as host of America's Got Talent Looked glamorous 'It looks dope': Prince Jackson shows off massive armor inspired tattoo on his chest after months of work The 20-year-old took video of his huge inking Double trouble! Heidi Klum shows off her long legs in purple mini as Mel B glitters in low-cut jumpsuit at America's Got Talent event Who's judging? Meg Ryan bundles up as she has a girls' day out in NYC with daughter Daisy The 55-year-old actress kept off the chill Louis Tomlinson looks in high spirits while posing for selfies with fans in Miami... as he is set to appear in court over airport brawl at LAX Mel B shimmers in plunging metallic jumpsuit she makes her first public appearance since filing for divorce from Stephen Belafonte at AGT launch Has George Michael been buried under cover of darkness? Photo posted by boyfriend Fadi Fawaz sparks flurry of internet speculation Died on Christmas Day Romeo Beckham, 14, shares a sweet moment with little sister Harper, five, as he gushes about their close relationship in family Instagram snaps  Glee vet Matthew Morrison 'will guest star on season 13 of Grey's Anatomy' as Dr Paul Stadler New role for hunky actor Heaven sent! Victoria's Secret Angel Jasmine Tookes stuns in a backless off-shoulder top and flares as she enjoys dinner date Maria Sharapova wears ice pack on her ankle as she returns from tennis practice ahead of comeback from drugs ban Ready for return Mommy and me! Charlize Theron shares a playful moment with her daughter August... returning home after a whirlwind week in Asia Quality time  Out of this world! Cara Delevingne shows off her long legs in futuristic outfit at screening for her sci-fi movie Valerian Back to the future  A dog's life! Selma Blair takes her pooch Ducky for a day of pampering at the salon in Los Angeles The 44-year-old enjoyed a pamper session Seeing Angels! Victoria's Secret models Taylor Hill and Romee Strijd have lunch together in Hollywood The two showed off their toned stomachs SPOILER ALERT: Katie Cassidy returns to Arrow... as a different character than the one she started out playing Will return for two episodes Beautiful in blue! Debra Messing, 48, wows in body hugging navy gown with plunging neckline to receive honors at New York gala   Step aside, mom and dad! Jude Law and Sadie Frost's model daughter Iris, 16, stuns in her second make-up campaign for Burberry Essentials Drake abruptly cancels Amsterdam concert on doctor's orders after falling 'sick'... as fans vent frustration on Twitter Disappointed fans Together again! Jane Fonda and Lily Tomlin arrive in style at chat show to promote new season of Netflix series Arriving in style  Hell for leather! Rosario Dawson and Krysten Ritter dress in biker jackets as they film scenes for Marvel's The Defenders Matching outfits Blushing bridesmaid! Rachel Bilson stuns in dramatic blush-colored gown for a friend's wedding Actress' low cut gown stole the show 'I always dream of having another child, but I'm too old now': Nicole Kidman, 49, admits her desire to have another baby... but husband Keith Urban has told her 'no' Make it so! Calls for Patrick Stewart to appear on SNL as Kellyanne Conway as old pictures of him in drag resurface looking like Trump's counselor  Mel B's brother-in-law claims Stephen Belafonte would get jealous in the couple's 'fun loose open kind of relationship' as he speaks about their split Busy mommy! Blake Lively looks chic in newsboy cap as she rushes into cab... after Ryan Reynolds reveals he 'doesn't mind' her kissing other actors Clem Curtis, the original lead singer of The Foundations, has died age 76 following a battle with cancer Hits such as Baby I've Got You All grown up! Eminem's 21-year-old daughter Hailie Scott stuns in new Instagram photos... as it's revealed she's a normal college student in Michigan Flip Or Flop's Christina El Moussa is spotted jogging in California after she revealed she has to run three miles a day to deal with stress of divorce 'I was in a lot of pain after those really violent scenes': Nicole Kidman reveals being hit by Alexander Skarsgard during Big Little Lies took a toll EXCLUSIVE: Megyn Kelly and husband Douglas Brunt enjoy fun in the sun with their three kids on Hawaiian vacation before start of new $15m NBC job New dad Liam Payne, 23, returns to Twitter on behalf of girlfriend Cheryl, 33, to thank everyone for their 'love and support' after arrival of first child Will and graceful lady! Drew Barrymore's ex husband Kopelman dines out with mystery woman in LA He is footloose and fancy free once more First look at the new Lara Croft: Alicia Vikander takes over from Angelina Jolie in Tomb Raider remake as new photos and plot details emerge  Wet hair, don't care! Nicole Kidman arrives at mom Janelle's house with Keith Urban sporting damp tresses... before leaving with her signature curls  'My body looks like Frankenstein': Mama June 'hates' major skin removal surgery and cancels second round of procedures in From Not To Hot Showing support! Laura Prepon accentuates baby bump in stripes at Netflix event with fiance Ben Foster Actress accentuated her baby bump in stripes DWTS feud? Real Housewives of Beverly Hills star Erika Girardi calls out head judge Len Goodman after he rates her dance routine 'raunchy' EXCLUSIVE: Real Housewives star Alexia Echevarria faces foreclosure over unpaid mortgage payments, days after legal battle with stepsons Beware a clown with a red balloon! New creepy images from Stephen King's IT released and Pennywise is more sinister than ever Chilling new version  Shabby Chanel chic for Kiera: Actress pairs jacket with Dr Martens on visit to east London cafe with her husband  SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE 'Wish I was that horse!' Actress Elsa Pataky posts hilarious snap of husband Chris Hemsworth cuddling up to a horse Thor star   Chip off the old block! Mike Comrie plays indoor hockey with son Luca as Hilary Duff films family fun for Snapchat Seems to be passing on his enthusiasm She lives in bathing suits! Joanna Krupa shows off her stunning model figure during a getaway to St Lucia The 37-year-old reality star went for a swing Kim Kardashian dons tiny cropped top which showcases her rock hard abs in seductive Instagram snap The 36-year-old shared an alluring photo  Katie Holmes looks stylish as she steps out in New York's Soho district dressed in a button-up coat and cat-eye glasses Shopping day in NYC  'My hero, my mentor': Shannen Doherty pays touching tribute to her late father to commemorate his birthday He passed in 2009 Monday optional! Lea Michele beats of the start-of-the-week blues as she runs errands make-up free Wore a sleeveless tank bemoaning the day  'What am I doing?': Nikolaj Coster-Waldau nearly spoils huge plot twist about Cersei in upcoming season of Game Of Thrones Avoided huge spoiler  Daring Dakota! Ms Johnson wears a Flaming Lips T-shirt with image of topless woman during solo shopping spree in West Hollywood Fifty Shades Darker star Fuller House star Jodie Sweetin's ex-fiance Justin Hodak 'arrested for violating restraining order against her' He has to stay away from the comedy star   Duke of Edinburgh retires the beloved black cab he took delivery of in 1999 that let him drive round the city London unnoticed Prince Philip, 95 EXCLUSIVE: Beyonce's dad is sued for $50,000 after 'refusing to pay a legal bill and hiding profits he made auctioning off Destiny's Child memorabilia 'Saltwater hair': Kristin Cavallari bares her cleavage in string bikini during trip to Mexico after moving out of Illinois with husband Jay Cutler Billie Lourd chooses NOT to attend public memorial for mom Carrie Fisher and grandmother Debbie Reynolds as she had dinner with dad instead Would you pay $3M for Dracula's haunted mansion? Bela Lugosi's 1930s Hollywood home goes on the market - but some think his ghost still haunts it 'They are now safe': Ed Sheeran rescues abused Liberian street boys he met while filming emotional report for TV show  Singer's incredible act His life is one big musical! Pharrell Williams' story will be transformed into song for the big screen  Based on growing up in Virginia Beach Getting close in Cancun! Supergirl star Melissa Benoist shows off her slender frame as she vacations with co-star Chris Wood Hit the beach in Mexico I'm still fierce! Tyra Banks poses for impromptu shoot after lunch stop in New Orleans ahead of her return to America's Next Top Model Busy boss! Kris Jenner is seen leaving studio in all black ensemble as talk of two new Kardashian shows are in the works Family matriarch 'They treat women like dirt': Abby Lee Miller announces she's quit Dance Moms after being 'manipulated and disrespected' by show producers As celebrities like Janelle Monae and Zendaya don pearl accessories, FEMAIL curates the best contemporary designs featuring the  treasures Lucky Leo! DiCaprio's supermodel girlfriend Nina Agdal sends temperatures soaring as she slips into an array of swimsuits for sizzling campaign Jennifer Garner looks in good spirits on coffee run after VERY friendly church visit with ex Ben Affleck  The pair sparked reconciliation rumors  'No big deal!': Kaley Cuoco enjoys beer in plunging top with boyfriend Karl Cook on day trip to Florida for Winter Equestrian Festival Lily Allen wryly smiles as she channels nineties chic in vintage woolly jumper following romantic night out with beau MC Meridian Dan in London Something's brewing! Samuel L. Jackson and Oscar Isaac team up as they film dramatic scene for Life Itself in New York Star-studded drama Beauty and the best: Ashley Graham's fierce cat eye and Kim Kardashian's BOBBY PIN headband top our favorite weekend hair and make-up looks America's Next Top Model finalist is shot in Houston apartment shooting that left two dead Brandy Rusher was on season four of show Gwyneth Paltrow proves her unusual health routines get results as the 44-year-old shows off natural beauty in Barcelona Abs-olutely amazing: Vanessa Hudgens bares her seriously sexy midriff in workout gear leaving a gym in Los Angeles Serious about her health She's got chemistry! Make-up free Lily Collins proves she has effortless beauty down to a science during trip to gym Had on a statement top  It's a girl! Supernatural's Jared Padalecki and wife Genevieve Cortese welcome daughter Odette Elliott They also have two sons Jerry Hall, 60, shows off her gorgeous figure in slinky lace gown as she cozies up to husband Rupert Murdoch, 86, at English National Opera gala Laundry day! Casey Affleck totes his huge bag of dirty clothes around Vancouver with girlfriend Floriana one month after winning an Oscar How to Rock'It Man: Laidback James Corden favors off-duty Elton John's favorite tracksuit and kooky specs look at Late Late Show filming Love in the air? Katy Perry, 32, and Ryan Phillippe, 42, 'totally flirting' at Elton John's 70th birthday bash He was married to Reese Witherspoon Orange Is the New Black star's wedding photo whips Twitter into a frenzy after someone comments that the lesbian couple is 'BFF Goals' Going glam! Christina El Moussa drops her girl-next-door look to show off cleavage in sizzling gown after denying she's dating Nate Thompson 'He likes what I like: cars, women, jewelry': Kylie Jenner's boyfriend Tyga on raising his 'spoiled' four-year-old son King Cairo Rapper talks parenting Leggy Lorde looks sophisticated in a kooky pinstripe dress as she delights fans in London with radio appearance Lorde looked stunning in a short black dress and kooky lace-up heels 'They treated the dolphins amazing!': Jana Kramer defends decision to take daughter to Discovery Cove after fans slam her for visiting the park Sarah Paulson may play Princess Diana on the next season of Feud which will focus on the royal's tempestuous relationship with Prince Charles They won't get a ratings boost from Yeezy! Kanye West is 'NOT in talks to join Ryan Seacrest's revamped American Idol'       DON'T MISS She's still got it! Cindy Crawford, 51, looks radiant in a red dress during photo shoot at her Malibu mansion She was one of the original supermodels  'It was such a magical weekend': Dylan Dreyer shares photos from her son Calvin's baptism - as she admits that his christening hat made him look like  a 'chef' Back to work! Ivanka joins her dad as official at women's business leaders event after she spent the week skiing in Aspen as healthcare bill imploded What would Phil Dunphy say? Modern Family star Sarah Hyland puffs on cigarette on date with boyfriend Lit up after trip to movies 'You had me at Merlot!': Eva Longoria wears funny statement top as she enjoys kisses from husband José Antonio Bastón Married one year in May  He's out! Maksim Chmerkovskiy won't be able to compete with Heather Morris on Dancing With The Stars as he has suffered a calf injury Fetty Wap's 'rival' is arrested in New Jersey deli shooting that injured three after posing for an Instagram photo in rapper's stolen '1738' gold chain Selfie in Spain! Gwyneth Paltrow glows during getaway to Barcelona... after rumors she 'wants to marry'  her beau Brad Falchuk 'Don't judge a book by its cover': Lindsay Lohan cloaks her head in white cloth in new Instagram photo after 'finding solace' while studying the Koran 'She never spoiled herself': Angelina Jolie, 41, makes rare comments about her mother who died 10 years ago from cancer as she plugs Guerlain He's no Saint! Val Kilmer claims he flew to Australia 'just to talk' to Cate Blanchett... but was confronted by her husband instead  Made his feelings known Spider-Man scales sky-high wall and hurtles toward flaming jet engine in six-second teaser for upcoming Homecoming trailer Dramatic action clip Jodie Sweetin tells police ex-fiance Justin Hodak threatens to kill himself after calling off their engagement and he is arrested for gun possession Outrage as Cuba Gooding Jr. lifts up his co-star Sarah Paulson's DRESS in bizarre onstage stunt as she shrieks and awkwardly tries to laugh it off Outrage as Wiz Khalifa posts photos of himself smoking pot at drug lord Pablo Escobar's grave: Rapper  is accused of 'disrespecting Colombians'  'A little extra R&R': Ryan Lochte's fiancee Kayla Rae Reid shares bare baby bump snap as she soaks in the tub Playboy model, 25, expecting boy in June Kendall Jenner flashes her nipples in extremely sheer bra as she puts on a daring display for Marilyn Monroe inspired shoot with Love Magazine Model Kate Moss, 43, channels Parisian chic as she cuts a stylish figure in all black while catching up with best friend James Brown in London Under the radar! Rooney Mara tries to go incognito with a cap and layers of clothes as she hikes in LA without rumored beau Joaquin Phoenix Abs-olutely flawless! Makeup-free Ireland Baldwin highlights toned body in crop top as she stands on a treadmill The 21-year-old model looked stylish EXCLUSIVE: Disgraced Maria Sharapova 'won't hold back' about her drug shame as she addresses conference weeks before returning to tennis circuit Perfect pair! Gotham stars Ben McKenzie and Morena Baccarin wear matching jackets on chilly stroll with daughter Frances Been engaged 5 months 'Get me home': Hailey Baldwin dresses down in a burgundy tracksuit and beanie hat... as she heads to the airport following Paris shopping spree Model Caroline Vreeland shows off her ample assets in red hot cut-out swimsuit as she splashes around and enjoys a glass of wine on the beach in Mexico It's easy being green! Camilla is resplendent in an emerald dress at launch of an exhibition of tribal portraits by Kate and William's wedding photographer  On the money! Queen Mathilde of Belgium steps out in camouflage print dress as she launches a financial education event at the Brussels Stock Exchange It runs in the jeans! Jada Pinkett Smith, 45, flaunts age-defying looks as she shows off her taut stomach on a shopping spree with her youthful mother No clothes, no problem! Blac Chyna poses TOPLESS for risque photo shoot...hours before sharing sweet snaps with baby Dream Maxima's time to shine! Dutch Queen puts Argentina's VERY glamorous first lady in the shade as she stuns in dusky pink at a glittering state dinner Flaunt it! Kristin Cavallari shows off pert posterior in tiny burgundy thong bikini while on Mexican getaway with hubby Jay Cutler 'Hey guys, get out of my shot': Chris Hemsworth pretends to look unimpressed as he sneakily photobombs his friend's romantic poolside snap How low can you go? Katharine McPhee takes the plunge in glam floral dress as she celebrates 33rd birthday with a girls' night out Got divorced last year She's in fashion! Prince Edward's wife Sophie Wessex looks glowing as she shows off her toned arms in a blue midi dress at charity event in U.K. Supermodel Naomi Campbell is flawless at 46 as she shows off a LOT of skin in a Patti Smith-inspired cover shoot  Always in style Polish vlogger builds fake set, hires camera crew and DeGeneres LOOKALIKE to fool a million YouTubers that he appeared on The Ellen Show  Bra-vo! Vanessa Hudgens flashes her lingerie in plunging maxi dress as she goes on shopping spree in Hollywood Looked lovely Oh Danny boy! Kate Hudson confirms romance with Fujikawa as they share a very public passionate kiss for 10 MINUTES after romantic meal in NYC Kourtney Kardashian SLAMMED by critics after sharing pictures of kids Penelope and Reign sitting on hood of $122K luxury car Controversial Family time! Mila Kunis and Ashton Kutcher take Wyatt, two, and Dimitri, three months, out for Sunday lunch The Black Swan actress is 33 Harry's in a hurry to move Meghan into his home: Prince will live in Kensington Palace apartment with girlfriend once renovations are complete  George's $465 uniform: Prince will be decked out in a cagoule, art smock and ballet shoes when he starts at his $23,000-a-year school in September Phaedra Parks believes estranged husband Apollo Nida is working 'aggressively to avoid ending his marriage'  Drama for RHOA star Enjoying the single life! Justin Bieber and Jaden Smith's exes Chantel Jeffries and Sarah Snyder make a splash in bikinis on Miami vacation Baby Joan strikes back: Crawford's crazed plot to sabotage Bette Davis' Best Actress win and accept the Oscar HERSELF after being snubbed by Academy 'I'm trying to have one more baby': Kim Kardashian, 36, reveals plans to have a THIRD child with Kanye West She sobbed bitterly on Sunday's episode  Trumps gone wild! Ivanka and her children pose with an elephant at a zoo while Donald Trump Jr teaches his son how to reel in a shark at Palm Beach 'I'm done': Kenya Moore declares it's over with Matt Jordan after dog's birthday party turns ugly on RHOA Have had a very volatile relationship All in the family! Lisa Rinna keeps a loving grip on daughter Amelia while on shopping trip with mom and hubby She kept a loving grip on her girl  Romance and retail! Karlie Kloss stays warm in camel coat and boots for shopping outing with longtime beau Joshua Kushner in NYC Out in Soho Let the sky fall...I've got a poncho! Adele covers her glam gown with a fan's waterproof as she performs final Australian tour date in  torrential downpour  Arnold Schwarzenegger slaps down 'evil' Facebook troll who branded Special Olympics competitors 'retards' Terminated the trolls The yin to her yang! Siblings Paris and Prince Jackson get matching tattoos to celebrate their close bond No sibling rivalry here Not just Cheap Thrills! Usually shy Sia lets her natural looks show at LAX airport without trademark face obscuring wig Ditched the wig 'Every one of those refugees is a human being': Yusuf Islam aka Cat Stevens reveals how his humanitarian work in Syria has impacted his music Date night! Kim Kardashian bundles up in long black velvet coat as she enjoys intimate dinner with Kanye West The 36-year-old reality star looked chic  'I ought to have you decapitated and buried in the f***ing desert': How Frank Sinatra threatened to have director Robert Aldrich murdered on set  Nicki Minaj and her team 'planning to reshoot music video' after filming on Westminster Bridge just days before London terror attack Ouch! Reese Witherspoon sports a hand support as she jets out of LA after celebrating sixth anniversary with Jim Toth Showing her support! Selena Gomez is The Weeknd's biggest fan as she watches from the sidelines during his concert in Brazil  Dating for two months 'We want our breasts double the size': World's most identical twins reveal they want MORE plastic surgery... just a month after claiming they want 'natural' look One big happy family! Jennifer Garner and Ben Affleck look affectionate as they share a giggle on church outing with the kids Family day out  'Pregnant' Olivia Wilde ends up belly up on the ground in New York as Oscar Isaac tends to her... but it is all for their film Life Itself Recently gave birth !Meet the CFDA Fashion Award nominees behind the five up-and-coming clothing brands that already count Beyoncé, Emily Ratajkowski and Kendall Jenner as fans Disco ready! Jared Leto shows off new seventies-inspired look as he and Mandy Moore attend charity gala in LA Rocking a retro and rugged look Fetty Wap 'involved in gun fight in New Jersey' after dispute outside all-night deli that leaves three people injured Three people were sent to the hospital  'Judged by the whole world': Kim Kardashian sobs after 'inside job' claims made about robbery on KUWTK She read out the allegations  'He was standing there': Kendall Jenner describes home break-in and testifying against intruder on KUWTK The 21-year-old model was confronted by a man 'Everything falls apart and you put it back together': Nicole Kidman opens up about the death of her father  Spoke candidly about her grief PICTURED: OITNB star Samira Wiley and wife Lauren Morelli look beautiful in custom Christian Siriano ensembles after marrying in California  Cara Delevingne looks stylish in a black ensemble as she jets over to Los Angeles... after revealing she once had sex on a plane Mile high club? Grandpa and girls! Liv Tyler shares darling shot of dad Steven Tyler with granddaughter Lula on his 69th birthday Pic of the rocker and his granddaughter They really are Hollywood's BRIGHTEST stars! Film fans reveal actors who are also doctors, scientists and linguists You would never guess  Chest amazing! Hailey Baldwin wears plunging corset top and black biker jacket as she steps out in Paris She was channeling French chic  He's no hoser! Justin Bieber straps on his skates for a friendly game of hockey with the Army West Point team inn New York City Back to Canadian roots  Six pack selfie! Shirtless Sterling K Brown shows off his incredibly toned torso in-between shooting Predator sequel Instagram snap Special bond between Joan Crawford and German immigrant maid with nine kids who spoke no English but was best friend of Hollywood's biggest star Kate Moss is seen looking jovial as she enjoys a drink with pals at her local pub while soaking up the Cotswolds' glorious sunshine What's that bling? Christina Milian shows off a new band on her ring finger at daughter Violet's party It was a superhero-themed birthday party What if....? Vince Vaughn was TURNED DOWN for part of Joey on Friends... and the rest is Hollywood history Vaughn went on to star in the indie hit Swingers  'I've flown United with no pants on!': Chrissy Teigen leads celebrity reaction to the airline refusing girls wearing leggings from boarding Took to Twitter Today's headlines Most Read Renovation Ivanka: How the First Daughter and Jared have transformed their DC home with a mixture of top... The War on Coal is over! President Trump signs executive order to roll back Obama-era environmental... 'Why would I?': House Intel Committee chairman Devin Nunes says he's NOT recusing himself from Russia probe... 'We will fight': Mayors of sanctuary cities across the country fire back at Attorney General Sessions after... Ryan tries to revive Obamacare repeal bill, saying Republicans will 'sit down and talk things out until we... Trump wants to pay for border wall with $18 BILLION in cuts from domestic programs – including medical... Kremlin says that Jared Kushner's meeting with CEO of sanctioned bank 'was ordinary business' - as financial... White women criticized for wearing hoop earrings because the style results from the 'oppression and... Government 'offers Fox News's ex-CFO immunity' in exchange for testimony against Roger Ailes: Former... 'With this ship, we’re capable of owning the night': Coast Guard brings in 16-ton haul of seized cocaine... EXCLUSIVE: 'Sexual abuse became part of the fabric of my soul.' Author of best-selling book and Octavia... EXCLUSIVE: No lipstick, no perfume - The wife of Orlando nightclub shooter Omar Mateen is placed in solitary... Georgia police search desperately for 28-year-old woman who disappeared with her three young children five... EXCLUSIVE: Mother and veterinarian jumps to her death from seventh floor luxury apartment - hours before she... 'Doomsday Library' opens in Norway where the world's most precious BOOKS will be stored in digital form to... 'Superhero' father-of-two British soldier dies in California after hit-and-run crash  She's a real work of art! Duchess of Cambridge wows in forest green lace and outshines the celebrity guests... Did they think it was a BLUE movie? Smurfette is removed from posters for the new Smurf movie in Israeli... More DEADLY heat is on its way: Study finds extreme heat events will soon affect 350 million people even if... 'Every other commercial has an interracial couple in it': White supremacist who stabbed 66-year-old black... 'I knew he was struggling': Prince's ex-wife speaks out about the pop icon's devastating addiction, secret... Family of filmmaker who died diving off the Florida Keys sue over 'risky' expedition led by jewel thief who... Striking out! Auburn softball player gets into a shoving match with coach who dismissed her two older... Horrifying moment villagers cut open a giant python and discover their missing friend inside who had been... Children have a stable home environment and perform better at school if their biological father lives with... Boy, 15, who pleaded guilty to shooting dead his sister, 12, and planning to set fire to his family's... Pitch Perfect fans claim Rebel Wilson is being body-shamed in third movie after behind-the-scene image... 'Actresses simply don't eat': Emma Thompson blasts Hollywood's 'terrible' anorexia problem (and reveals she... NINE male high school athletes in Texas charged with 'holding down at least 10 other boys and sexually... MORE HEADLINES Horrifying moment villagers cut open a giant python and discover their missing friend inside who had been swallowed whole after being crushed to death  Make it so! Calls for Sir Patrick Stewart to appear on SNL as Kellyanne after old pictures of him in drag resurface looking UNCANNILY like Trump's counselor Conway Hedge fund executive, 56, who invested billions with Bernie Madoff, leaps to his death from 24th story of New York's luxury Sofitel hotel  Surrogate slave: Florida woman, 47, paid for young woman to be smuggled in from Mexico and held her captive for two years while she tried to impregnate her with her boyfriend's sperm and fed her on beans Three teenage burglars are shot dead by homeowner's son, 23, with an AR-15 after they burst in to Oklahoma house wearing masks and carrying a knife  Mother films 'horrifying' pat-down of her disabled teenage son by 'power tripping TSA agent who left him traumatized for several hours' EXCLUSIVE: 'Sexual abuse became part of the fabric of my soul.' Author of best-selling book and Octavia Spencer film The Shack tells of child abuse at the hands of 'cannibal tribesmen' ISIS 'cubs of the caliphate' hunt down prisoners before executing them at gunpoint in shocking new propaganda video Striking out! Auburn softball player gets into a shoving match with coach who dismissed her two older sisters from the team Renovation Ivanka: How the First Daughter and Jared have transformed their DC home with a mixture of top designers and regular day-to-day brands... shame the neighbors don't appreciate it All aboard the coast-to-coast train Trump has derailed: Stunning images show what passengers see on the 2,438-mile Amtrak trip from Chicago to California - but budget cuts mean it's the final call Donald Trump calls for the Clintons to be investigated by House intelligence committee for THEIR Russian connections and hits out at Republicans for killing healthcare bill in late night tweet storm  White women criticized for wearing hoop earrings because the style results from the 'oppression and exclusion' of people of color as the jewelry is increasingly seen as a form of 'cultural appropriation' Prominent Texas veterinarian, 48, accused of hiring a hitman to kill her ex-husband leaps to her death from the seventh floor of her condo Mother is so convinced that her eight-year-old son is the reincarnation of Lou Gehrig that she's written a book about it (and of course the film rights have been picked up already) High school senior, 17, is arrested on suspicion of stabbing his girlfriend, 19, to death as her father suggests he may have been on 'some drug that made him crazy'  NINE male high school athletes in Texas charged with 'holding down at least 10 other boys and sexually assaulting them with Coke bottles, steel pipes and baseball bats' SSSSSurprise! Giant cobra leaps out of a hole in front of a brave builder in terrifying footage  Has George Michael been buried under cover of darkness? Tragic star's boyfriend Fadi Fawaz sparks internet frenzy after posting night-time photo of a church Father of Maryland high school rape suspect accused of 'raping a fourteen-year-old girl in a bathroom' is arrested by ICE What a year it’s been! Ivanka shares adorable photos of her sharing spaghetti with baby Theodore as he turns one  Race faker Rachel Dolezal sparks fury as she claims to be 'transracial' during BBC interview  Man, 20, arrested in connection to the Bellagio heist where robbers in tuxedos and PIG, PANDA and CAT masks stormed a Rolex dealer Woman discovers chilling footage appearing to show her maid POSSESSED and acting like the creature from horror film The Ring  All clear given at the White House after 'man claimed he had a bomb near the grounds' Five medics are fired after footage of them dancing around naked, unconscious patient awaiting surgery goes viral  Chuck Schumer 'launched into a tirade at former Democrat power-broker's wife because she voted TRUMP' and repeatedly called the president a 'liar' over dinner at an upscale New York restaurant Girls who code: Ivanka reveals she will take computer language class with daughter, 5, as she addresses Air and Space Museum after being called out for Aspen ski holiday amid healthcare bill fiasco  'With this ship, we’re capable of owning the night': Coast Guard brings in 16-ton haul of seized cocaine worth $420million after a massive drug operation in the eastern Pacific MOST READ IN DETAIL From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
× We hope you have enjoyed your complimentary access for the month. Already a subscriber? Click on the button below to set up your account or log in if you already have one. Want to become a subscriber? Purchase a digital-only subscription now for unlimited online access to local news and information. Digital-only Access Unlimited Access to: lacrossetribune.com mobile web and mobile apps e-replica edition of printed newspaper Digital-only access only $12.00/mo Current Subscriber? Set up your account Log In Current Subscriber? Set up Account You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Subscribe Customer Service Sections News Nation/world Wisconsin Minnesota Iowa Business Sports Area high schools Area colleges La Crosse Loggers Auto racing Badgers Outdoors Scoreboard Weather Opinion Letters to the editor Submit a letter Obituaries Calendar of events Entertainment Puzzles & Games Dining People Lifestyles Advice Health Home & garden Food Travel Celebrations Submit a Celebration Anniversaries Births Birthdays Congratulations Engagements Misc Thank You Weddings River Valley Media Group Onalaska Holmen Courier-Life Coulee News Houston County News Vernon County Broadcaster Westby Times Tomah Journal Jackson County Chronicle Winona Daily News Chippewa Herald Dunn County News e-Edition Buy & Sell Business Directory Car Soup Real estate Jobs Classifieds Place an Ad Jobs Weekly Ads Activate your subscription Contact Us Toggle navigation Menu Search Search Log In Using Your Account Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout 56° La Crosse, WI (54601) Today Sunny. High 58F. Winds N at 5 to 10 mph.. Tonight Mainly clear. Low 36F. Winds light and variable. Updated: March 28, 2017 @ 1:53 pm Full Forecast News Sports Obituaries Opinion Buy & Sell Breaking Trump signs executive order to roll back Obama climate change rules Close Mark Lennihan In this photo taken Jan. 11, 2011, the Verizon logo is displayed in New York. The Republican-led Senate moved Thursday, March 23, 2017, to undo Obama-era regulations that would have forced internet service providers like Comcast and Verizon to ask customers’ permission before they could use or sell much of their personal information. (AP Photo/Mark Lennihan) AP Senate votes to kill privacy rules guarding your online info By TALI ARBEL and RICHARD LARDNER Associated Press Mar 23, 2017 Updated Mar 23, 2017 0 Mark Lennihan In this photo taken Jan. 11, 2011, the Verizon logo is displayed in New York. The Republican-led Senate moved Thursday, March 23, 2017, to undo Obama-era regulations that would have forced internet service providers like Comcast and Verizon to ask customers’ permission before they could use or sell much of their personal information. (AP Photo/Mark Lennihan) NEW YORK (AP) — The Senate voted to kill Obama-era online privacy regulations , a first step toward allowing internet providers such as Comcast, AT&T and Verizon to sell your browsing habits and other personal information as they expand their own online ad businesses. Those rules, not yet in effect, would have required internet providers to ask your permission before sharing your personal information. That's a much stronger privacy-protection weapon than letting them use your data until you tell them to stop. As anyone who has ever tried to stop getting targeted ads on the internet knows, opting out is hard. Without those protections, consumer advocates fear that broadband providers will be able to do what they like with people's data. "Advertisers and marketers are lining up to get access to all the information that's now available about us," said Jeff Chester of the Center for Digital Democracy, which advocates for tougher internet privacy measures. ONLINE PRIVACY? WHAT ONLINE PRIVACY? Of course, Google and Facebook already track you. But proponents of the privacy measure argued that the company that sells you your internet connection can see even more about you: every website you visit, every app that sends or receives data, everyone you email and many that you message. Telecom companies argue that companies like Google know far more about users than they do. Consumer advocates also point out that it can be hard, in many areas of the country, to dump your cable or phone company for another one if you don't like its practices. Of course, it's also hard to stop using Google or Facebook. Undoing the Federal Communications Commission's regulation leaves people's online information in a murky area. Today, you can tell a broadband provider not to use your data. Experts say federal law still requires broadband providers to protect customer information — but it doesn't spell out how or what companies must do. That's what the now endangered rules from the Federal Communications Commission aimed to do. "There's kind of a void," said Perkins Coie telecom attorney Marc Martin. BUIDLING DIGITAL-AD BUSINESSESES Cable companies, cellphone carriers and the advertising industry attacked the FCC rules as an overreach. Having to get permission from customers to use their browsing and app histories would likely make it more difficult to build stronger ad businesses, as telecomcompanies want to do. Internet companies like Google operate under laxer requirements and don't have to ask users' permission before tracking what sites they visit. Republicans and industry groups have blasted that discrepancy, saying it was unfair and confusing for consumers. REGULATORY TUSSLE If the just-passed measure also clears the House and is signed by President Donald Trump, no future FCC could pass the broadband privacy rules again without further change to U.S. law. The Trump-appointed chairman of the FCC, Ajit Pai, is a critic of the broadband privacy rules and has said he wants to roll them back , along with other Obama-era policies meant to protect consumers and promote competition. He and other Republicans want a different federal agency, the Federal Trade Commission, to police privacy for both broadband companies like AT&T and internet companies like Google. But broadband providers don't currently fall under FTC jurisdiction, and advocates say the FTC has historically been a weaker agency than the FCC. "At the FCC, consumers are much more protected with strong privacy rules that give (internet service providers) clear rules as to what's fair and what's foul," Dallas Harris, a policy fellow with consumer advocacy group Public Knowledge, said last month. "The FCC is a stronger entity with a bit more teeth to hold ISPs' feet to the fire." ___ Lardner reported from Washington. Get news headlines sent daily to your inbox Sign Up! LaCrosseTribune.com Daily Headlines Obituaries I understand and agree that registration on or use of this site consitutes agreement to its user agreement and privacy policy. Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Tags Wire Business Government And Politics Technology Data Privacy Technology Issues Government Regulations Internet Service Providers Digital Telecommunications Services Telecommunications Services Telecommunications Broadband Internet Internet Access Internet Technology Computing And Information Technology Legislature Electronic Voting Voting Elections Politics × Post a comment as Emoticons [smile] [beam] [wink] [sad] [cool] [innocent] [rolleyes] [whistling] [lol] [huh] [tongue] [love] [sleeping] [yawn] [unsure] [angry] [blink] [crying] [ohmy] [scared] [sleep] [sneaky] [tongue_smile] [thumbdown] [thumbup] [censored] [happybirthday] [ban] [spam] [offtopic] [batman] [ninja] [pirate] [alien] Comment Text Cancel Post comment × Report Cancel Report Abuse × Watch this discussion. Stop watching this discussion. Get an email notification whenever someone contributes to the discussion Notifications from this discussion will be disabled. Cancel Start watching Stop watching View (0) comments (0) comments Welcome to the discussion. Log In Keep it Clean. Please avoid obscene, vulgar, lewd, racist or sexually-oriented language. PLEASE TURN OFF YOUR CAPS LOCK. Don't Threaten. Threats of harming another person will not be tolerated. Be Truthful. Don't knowingly lie about anyone or anything. Be Nice. No racism, sexism or any sort of -ism that is degrading to another person. Be Proactive. Use the 'Report' link on each comment to let us know of abusive posts. Share with Us. We'd love to hear eyewitness accounts, the history behind an article. Post a comment Watch this discussion. Stop watching this discussion. loading... POPULAR IN THIS SECTION Texas native opens Uptowne Cafe & Bakery on Caledonia Street Steve Cahalan: Nail salon opens in former frozen yogurt shop Which cities will be most affected by Trumpcare? Trump tosses Obama's 'clean' energy plan, embraces coal Spain: Drug dealers use fake bananas to transport cocaine Dow Jones Industrial Average Value Over Time | FindTheCompany Nasdaq Composite Index Value Over Time | FindTheCompany S&P 500 Value Over Time | FindTheCompany News and Features Obituaries Business Entertainment Lifestyles News Opinion Sports River Valley Business Report Online Features Buy & Sell Advertise with Us Buy & Sell CarSoup.com Real estate Jobs Classifieds Celebrations Shop Local Businesses La Crosse Restaurants and Dining Guide River Valley Media Group La Crosse Tribune Onalaska Holmen Courier-Life Coulee News Houston County News Vernon County Broadcaster Westby Times Tomah Journal Jackson County Chronicle Winona Daily News Chippewa Herald Dunn County News Print and digital advertising © Copyright 2017 La Crosse Tribune, 401 N. Third Street La Crosse, WI | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Advertise with Us www.RVMG.biz
Close Biz & IT Tech Science Policy Cars Gaming & Culture Forums Navigate Videos Features Reviews Ars Approved RSS Feeds Mobile Site About Ars Staff Directory Contact Us Advertise with Ars Reprints Filter by topic Biz & IT Tech Science Policy Cars Gaming & Culture Forums Settings Front page layout Grid List Unified Wide Site theme Black on white White on black Sign in Comment activity Sign up or login to join the discussions! Stay logged in | Having trouble? Sign up to comment and more Sign up Ars Technica UK Risk Assessment — Google takes Symantec to the woodshed for mis-issuing 30,000 HTTPS certs [updated] Chrome to immediately stop recognizing EV status and gradually nullify all certs. Dan Goodin - Mar 24, 2017 3:22 pm UTC Enlarge Nyttend reader comments 273 Share this story In a severe rebuke of one of the biggest suppliers of HTTPS credentials, Google Chrome developers announced plans to drastically restrict transport layer security certificates sold by Symantec-owned issuers following the discovery they have allegedly mis-issued more than 30,000 certificates. Effective immediately, Chrome plans to stop recognizing the extended validation status of all certificates issued by Symantec-owned certificate authorities, Ryan Sleevi, a software engineer on the Google Chrome team, said Thursday in an online forum. Extended validation certificates are supposed to provide enhanced assurances of a site's authenticity by showing the name of the validated domain name holder in the address bar. Under the move announced by Sleevi, Chrome will immediately stop displaying that information for a period of at least a year. In effect, the certificates will be downgraded to less-secure domain-validated certificates. More gradually, Google plans to update Chrome to effectively nullify all currently valid certificates issued by Symantec-owned CAs. With Symantec certificates representing more than 30 percent of the Internet's valid certificates by volume in 2015, the move has the potential to prevent millions of Chrome users from being able to access large numbers of sites. What's more, Sleevi cited Firefox data that showed Symantec-issued certificates are responsible for 42 percent of all certificate validations. To minimize the chances of disruption, Chrome will stagger the mass nullification in a way that requires they be replaced over time. To do this, Chrome will gradually decrease the "maximum age" of Symantec-issued certificates over a series of releases. Chrome 59 will limit the expiration to no more than 33 months after they were issued. By Chrome 64, validity would be limited to nine months. Thursday's announcement is only the latest development in Google's 18-month critique of practices by Symantec issuers. In October 2015, Symantec fired an undisclosed number of employees responsible for issuing test certificates for third-party domains without the permission of the domain holders. One of the extended-validation certificates covered google.com and www.google.com and would have given the person possessing it the ability to cryptographically impersonate those two addresses. A month later, Google pressured Symantec into performing a costly audit of its certificate issuance process after finding the mis-issuances went well beyond what Symantec had first revealed. In January, an independent security researcher unearthed evidence that Symantec improperly issued 108 new certificates. Thursday's announcement came after Google's investigation revealed that over a span of years, Symantec CAs have improperly issued more than 30,000 certificates. Such mis-issued certificates represent a potentially critical threat to virtually the entire Internet population because they make it possible for the holders to cryptographically impersonate the affected sites and monitor communications sent to and from the legitimate servers. They are a major violation of the so-called baseline requirements that major browser makers impose of CAs as a condition of being trusted by major browsers. In Thursday's post, Sleevi wrote: As captured in Chrome's Root Certificate Policy, root certificate authorities are expected to perform a number of critical functions commensurate with the trust granted to them. This includes properly ensuring that domain control validation is performed for server certificates, to audit logs frequently for evidence of unauthorized issuance, and to protect their infrastructure in order to minimize the ability for the issuance of fraudulent certs. On the basis of the details publicly provided by Symantec, we do not believe that they have properly upheld these principles, and as such, have created significant risk for Google Chrome users. Symantec allowed at least four parties access to their infrastructure in a way to cause certificate issuance, did not sufficiently oversee these capabilities as required and expected, and when presented with evidence of these organizations' failure to abide to the appropriate standard of care, failed to disclose such information in a timely manner or to identify the significance of the issues reported to them. These issues, and the corresponding failure of appropriate oversight, spanned a period of several years, and were trivially identifiable from the information publicly available or that Symantec shared. The full disclosure of these issues has taken more than a month. Symantec has failed to provide timely updates to the community regarding these issues. Despite having knowledge of these issues, Symantec has repeatedly failed to proactively disclose them. Further, even after issues have become public, Symantec failed to provide the information that the community required to assess the significance of these issues until they had been specifically questioned. The proposed remediation steps offered by Symantec have involved relying on known-problematic information or using practices insufficient to provide the level of assurance required under the Baseline Requirements and expected by the Chrome Root CA Policy. In an e-mailed statement, Symantec officials wrote: As the world’s leading cyber security company and the market leading Certificate Authority, we understand the importance of the trust chain we provide for our customers and everyone who uses the Internet. We learned of Google’s proposal when they posted it on their blog today. Their communication was unexpected and their proposed action is irresponsible. Our SSL/TLS certificate customers and partners need to know that this does not require any action at this time. Symantec's repeated violations underscore one of the problems Google and others have in enforcing terms of the baseline requirements. When violations are carried out by issuers with a big enough market share they're considered too big to fail. If Google were to nullify all of the Symantec-issued certificates overnight, it might cause widespread outages. The penalties outlined by Sleevi seem to be aimed at minimizing such disruptions while still exacting a meaningful punishment. The penalties immediately revoke only the status of extended validation certificates issued by Symantec, a move that is likely to be a major annoyance to many Symantec customers and their website visitors, but not make sites unavailable. The untrusting of all Symantec certificates, meanwhile, has a much higher potential of creating Internet-wide problems. As Sleevi explained it: "By phasing such changes in over a series of releases, we aim to minimize the impact any given release poses, while still continually making progress towards restoring the necessary level of security to ensure Symantec-issued certificates are as trustworthy as certificates from other CAs." Update 3/24/2017 08:22 PDT: In a blog post published Friday morning, Symantec officials once again criticized the Google post. The officials also disputed the 30,000 certificate figure. "Google's statements about our issuance practices and the scope of our past mis-issuances are exaggerated and misleading," they wrote. "For example, Google’s claim that we have mis-issued 30,000 SSL/TLS certificates is not true. In the event Google is referring to, 127 certificates—not 30,000—were identified as mis-issued, and they resulted in no consumer harm. We have taken extensive remediation measures to correct this situation, immediately terminated the involved partner’s appointment as a registration authority (RA), and in a move to strengthen the trust of Symantec-issued SSL/TLS certificates, announced the discontinuation of our RA program." In an e-mail, Google officials wrote: "We appreciate Symantec's response. This remains an ongoing discussion, and we look forward to continuing our conversations with Symantec about this issue. We want to enable an open and transparent assessment of the compatibility and interoperability risks, relative to potential security threats to our users." Dan Goodin Dan is the Security Editor at Ars Technica, which he joined in 2012 after working for The Register, the Associated Press, Bloomberg News, and other publications. Email dan.goodin@arstechnica.com // Twitter @dangoodin001 reader comments 273 Share this story You must login or create an account to comment. ← Previous story Next story → Related Stories Sponsored Stories Powered by Today on Ars RSS Feeds View Mobile Site Visit Ars Technica UK About Us Contact Us Staff Advertise with us Reprints WIRED Media Group Use of this Site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement (effective 1/2/14) and Privacy Policy (effective 1/2/14), and Ars Technica Addendum (effective 5/17/2012). Your California Privacy Rights. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast.
IOT Consumer Wearables M2M Smart Cities Cognitive Computing Cloud Public Private Hybrid AAS Cyber Security Breaches Protection Solutions Business Mobility Devices Smartphones Apps Networks Laptops Data Centre IT Power Cooling Modular Big Data Analytics Enterprise IT Storage Software Server Services Applications Virtualisation Digital Transformation Markets Consumer eBanking eHealth eBusiness eTransport Smart Cities The Boardroom SMB Public Sector eCommerce eTail eMoney Fintech White Papers What Is About Us Editorial Team Advertise With Us Contact Us Help Privacy Policy RSS Feeds Site Map White Papers What is AdSense? Follow Us Facebook Twitter Google Plus IOT Consumer Wearables M2M Smart Cities Cognitive Computing Responsibility in the IoT: Why security can’t be treated as an afterthought Facebook hires Apple veteran to lead Oculus VR hardware efforts Best Ad Blocker: Top 7 Responsibility in the IoT: Why security can’t be treated as an afterthought Facebook hires Apple veteran to lead Oculus VR hardware efforts Samsung looks to disrupt with contactless payments for any wearable IBM turns dog whisperer with drone that will look after your pets Siemens commits to post-Brexit UK in yet another vote of confidence for the city Uber self driving crash fuels driverless safety concerns Three, Cisco sign major IoT deal to bring connectivity to global enterprise CeBit 2017: Huawei leads the wei on road to digital transformation CeBit 2017: The key tech driving this year’s fair in Hannover Salesforce brings Einstein AI to Financial Services Cloud Elon Musk links brains and computers in latest AI venture New Intel AI group to be led by ex-Nervana frontman Naveen Rao Cloud Public Private Hybrid AAS AWS puts the call centre in the cloud with Amazon Connect Salesforce brings Einstein AI to Financial Services Cloud Microsoft hurdles regulatory barriers to move FS data into the cloud Microsoft hurdles regulatory barriers to move FS data into the cloud CoreOS sees Tectonic shift in Kubernetes adoption with additional platforms Colt DCS targets cheaper AWS & Azure cloud costs with private data centre connectivity Equinix Cloud Exchange expands in Europe to bring more cloud choice to business Microsoft, Adobe team up to rival Salesforce with joint cloud offering IBM, Red Hat make hybrid cloud look easy with OpenStack Salesforce brings Einstein AI to Financial Services Cloud Microsoft hurdles regulatory barriers to move FS data into the cloud UK universities jump in the Box for cloud content management Cyber Security Breaches Protection Solutions Business Why cyber security ignorance is bliss for IoT hackers Hackers steal nearly 4 million records every day Almost half of UK business has NO cyber security plan Why cyber security ignorance is bliss for IoT hackers Responsibility in the IoT: Why security can’t be treated as an afterthought Hackers steal nearly 4 million records every day Almost half of UK business has NO cyber security plan WhatsApp encryption helps terrorists hide, says Home Secretary Amber Rudd Symantec dealt major blow as Google loses trust in security certificates Hackers steal nearly 4 million records every day Almost half of UK business has NO cyber security plan Symantec dealt major blow as Google loses trust in security certificates Mobility Devices Smartphones Apps Networks Laptops Samsung could sell some refurbished Galaxy Note 7 smartphone Best Streaming Device Android O Preview drops for developers, offers better battery life and notifications Best Mobile Antivirus iOS 11 Screenshot Alerts – Rumoured Apple iPhone update probably untrue More hardware issues for the Google Pixel prompts several recalls Extremist YouTube videos could cost Google $750m Twitter looks to paid membership as ad revenue slows Microsoft licenses connected car technology patents to Toyota Siemens commits to post-Brexit UK in yet another vote of confidence for the city BT handed record £42m fine for Openreach installation failings Three, Cisco sign major IoT deal to bring connectivity to global enterprise Best Video Editing Software for Mac Best laptops for programming Best business laptops for travel Data Centre IT Power Cooling Modular Former Intel CIO to lead Lenovo data centre business Equinix Cloud Exchange expands in Europe to bring more cloud choice to business Colt DCS targets cheaper AWS & Azure cloud costs with private data centre connectivity The power of Facebook: What the data centre world can learn from Open Compute Containers, Cloud & Renewable energy fuel fundamental data centre change Microsoft embraces open source innovation for data centres at OCP 2017 Schneider Electric targets IoT and edge apps with micro data centre Containers, Cloud & Renewable energy fuel fundamental data centre change CUI chills the data centre market with ICE Block Containers, Cloud & Renewable energy fuel fundamental data centre change Interxion expands European colo market with new London data centre Facebook fails to throw out lawsuit that alleges data centre design theft Big Data Analytics What is a Data Scientist? Will user behaviour analytics KO SIEM? MapR targets Edge analytics for IoT devices Enterprise IT Storage Software Server Services Applications Virtualisation Intel Optane SSD doubles down on data centre storage The Great Data Divide: Baby Boomers vs. Millennials IBM stores one bit of data on a single atom Open source software is for everyone – so where are the women? Best Ad Blocker: Top 7 Best Video Editing Software for Mac Intel gives traditional hard drives a speed boost with Optane Memory Qualcomm Snapdragon is now a platform, not a processor Facebook unveils new GPU server Big Basin AWS puts the call centre in the cloud with Amazon Connect 2017: the year when identity and access management is placed at the heart of digital transformation Why the right off-pitch team is crucial for Grand-Slam success Best free PDF editors Android O Preview drops for developers, offers better battery life and notifications Automate DevOps so you can focus on a security-first culture IBM, Red Hat make hybrid cloud look easy with OpenStack Kaspersky targets VMware NSX security for software defined data centres Vmware, Microsoft & Red Hat: Which virtualisation vendor is best for your business? Digital Transformation Markets Consumer eBanking eHealth eBusiness eTransport Smart Cities The Boardroom SMB Public Sector eCommerce eTail eMoney Fintech White Papers English French What Is About Us Editorial Team Advertise With Us Contact Us Help Privacy Policy RSS Feeds Site Map White Papers What Is What is AdSense? 28th March 2017 Next What is AdSense is an online advertising program that is operated by Google. The program is designed to be used by publishers in the Google Network of content sites in order to serve automatic text, image, video, or other forms of media in the form of adverts. The idea is to target audiences based on the site content. The adverts themselves are administered, sorted, and maintained by Google and are capable of generating revenue on a per-click or per-impression basis. The program is available for publishers in the Google Display Network who display advertising based on their keyword lists. This results in advertising relevant to the publishers’ website. How does AdSense work? Next Share Price: 840.63 USD +2.12 ( 0.25 ) ( Last Updated : Mar 28, 4:00PM EDT ) Name of Technology: AdSense Year Introduced: 2003 Invented by : Google Open Source or Proprietary: Proprietary Main technology category: Online advertising Patent: Yes Previous ArticleData centre decision making Next ArticleSCADA cyber attacks: Eugene Kaspersky warns of global blackout Related What Is What is Gowalla? Hannah Williams 27th March 2017 What Is What is Google Wallet? Ellie Burns 27th March 2017 What Is What is Google Voice? James Nunns 27th March 2017 Comments (0) Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Your Comment Name * Email * Website Editor’s Pick Open source software is for everyone – so where are the women? Ellie Burns 28th March 2017 Why cyber security ignorance is bliss for IoT hackers Joe Clark 28th March 2017 Microsoft hurdles regulatory barriers to move FS data into the cloud James Nunns 28th March 2017 Most Read Almost half of UK business has NO cyber security plan Tom Ball 27th March 2017 IBM turns dog whisperer with drone that will look after your pets Byomakesh Biswal 27th March 2017 Three, Cisco sign major IoT deal to bring connectivity to global enterprise Ellie Burns 27th March 2017 Latest White Papers How Intel IT’s Integrated Analytics Platform Helps Sales and Marketing By Intel Le stockage de demain By Kaminario Overcome the Attacker Advantage with McAfee Endpoint Security By Intel What Is About Us Editorial Team Advertise With Us Contact Us Help Privacy Policy RSS Feeds Site Map White Papers © 2016 COMPUTER BUSINESS REVIEW. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. Favourites Favorite list is empty.Clear favorites Your favorite posts saved to your browsers cookies. If you clear cookies also favorite posts will be deleted. Latest News on CBR AWS puts the call centre in the cloud with Amazon Connect 3 hours ago Salesforce brings Einstein AI to Financial Services Cloud 3 hours ago Open source software is for everyone – so where are the women? 3 hours ago Why cyber security ignorance is bliss for IoT hackers 6 hours ago Intel gives traditional hard drives a speed boost with Optane Memory 6 hours ago Samsung could sell some refurbished Galaxy Note 7 smartphone 7 hours ago Responsibility in the IoT: Why security can’t be treated as an afterthought 7 hours ago Facebook hires Apple veteran to lead Oculus VR hardware efforts 9 hours ago Microsoft hurdles regulatory barriers to move FS data into the cloud 9 hours ago Elon Musk links brains and computers in latest AI venture 9 hours ago IoT in the enterprise now 10 hours ago Solving big data regulatory hurdles for enterprise 10 hours ago Article 50: What UK tech wants and needs as Britain leaves EU 10 hours ago UK universities jump in the Box for cloud content management 10 hours ago Hackers steal nearly 4 million records every day 11 hours ago Extremist YouTube videos could cost Google $750m 11 hours ago
Login Register Logout Profile Subscribe Home Advertising Blade Plus Blade Vault, Reprints Campus Connection Classifieds Contact Us Coupons Plus Customer Service eBlade BCSN Editions & Apps Events Jobs Homes Most Wanted Obituaries Renew My Subscription Subscribe The Blade in Education Weekly Ads Tuesday, Mar 28, 2017 One of America's Great Newspapers ~ Toledo, Ohio Login Register Logout Profile Subscribe |   Log Out News • Sports • A&E • Business • Opinion Politics Senate votes to kill privacy rules guarding online info ASSOCIATED PRESS Published on March 23, 2017 Share Tweet Share Email Comments Print NEW YORK — The Senate voted to kill Obama-era online privacy regulations , a first step toward allowing internet providers such as Comcast, AT&T and Verizon to sell your browsing habits and other personal information as they expand their own online ad businesses. Those rules, not yet in effect, would have required internet providers to ask your permission before sharing your personal information. That’s a much stronger privacy-protection weapon than letting them use your data until you tell them to stop. As anyone who has ever tried to stop getting targeted ads on the internet knows, opting out is hard. Without those protections, consumer advocates fear that broadband providers will be able to do what they like with people’s data. “Advertisers and marketers are lining up to get access to all the information that’s now available about us,” said Jeff Chester of the Center for Digital Democracy, which advocates for tougher internet privacy measures. ONLINE PRIVACY? WHAT ONLINE PRIVACY? Of course, Google and Facebook already track you. But proponents of the privacy measure argued that the company that sells you your internet connection can see even more about you: every website you visit, every app that sends or receives data, everyone you email and many that you message. Telecom companies argue that companies like Google know far more about users than they do. Consumer advocates also point out that it can be hard, in many areas of the country, to dump your cable or phone company for another one if you don’t like its practices. Of course, it’s also hard to stop using Google or Facebook. Undoing the Federal Communications Commission’s regulation leaves people’s online information in a murky area. Today, you can tell a broadband provider not to use your data. Experts say federal law still requires broadband providers to protect customer information — but it doesn’t spell out how or what companies must do. That’s what the now endangered rules from the Federal Communications Commission aimed to do. “There’s kind of a void,” said Perkins Coie telecom attorney Marc Martin. BUIDLING DIGITAL-AD BUSINESSESES Cable companies, cellphone carriers and the advertising industry attacked the FCC rules as an overreach. Having to get permission from customers to use their browsing and app histories would likely make it more difficult to build stronger ad businesses, as telecomcompanies want to do. Internet companies like Google operate under laxer requirements and don’t have to ask users’ permission before tracking what sites they visit. Republicans and industry groups have blasted that discrepancy, saying it was unfair and confusing for consumers. REGULATORY TUSSLE If the just-passed measure also clears the House and is signed by President Donald Trump, no future FCC could pass the broadband privacy rules again without further change to U.S. law. The Trump-appointed chairman of the FCC, Ajit Pai, is a critic of the broadband privacy rules and has said he wants to roll them back , along with other Obama-era policies meant to protect consumers and promote competition. He and other Republicans want a different federal agency, the Federal Trade Commission, to police privacy for both broadband companies like AT&T and internet companies like Google. But broadband providers don’t currently fall under FTC jurisdiction, and advocates say the FTC has historically been a weaker agency than the FCC. “At the FCC, consumers are much more protected with strong privacy rules that give (internet service providers) clear rules as to what’s fair and what’s foul,” Dallas Harris, a policy fellow with consumer advocacy group Public Knowledge, said last month. “The FCC is a stronger entity with a bit more teeth to hold ISPs’ feet to the fire.” Related Items United States Congress , united states , north america , Verizon Communications Inc , Comcast Corp , Alphabet Inc , AT&T Inc , Federal Communications Commission , United States government , United States Senate , Federal Trade Commission , Donald Trump , Ajit Pai Click to comment Guidelines: Please keep your comments smart and civil. Don't attack other readers personally, and keep your language decent. Comments that violate these standards, or our privacy statement or visitor's agreement, are subject to being removed and commenters are subject to being banned. To post comments, you must be a registered user on toledoblade.com. To find out more, please visit the FAQ. Quis autem vel eum iure reprehenderit qui in ea voluptate velit esse quam nihil molestiae consequatur, vel illum qui dolorem? Temporibus autem quibusdam et aut officiis debitis aut rerum necessitatibus saepe eveniet. Copyright © 2015 Toledo Blade News Toggle All Local East North South West State Nation World Politics Police & Fire Religion Medical Education Technology Courts Deaths Weather Daily Log Special Reports Sports Toggle All High School BGSU Ohio State Michigan UT Mud Hens Walleye Golf Scoreboard A&E Toggle All Art Books Culture Movies Food Music-Theater-Dance Peach Weekender Restaurant Reviews TV-Radio Frogtown Gardening TV Listings Business Toggle All Automotive Economy Energy Stock Market Real Estate Real Estate Transfers Retail Opinion Toggle All Editorial Cartoons Editorials Op-Ed Columns Columnists Letters to the Editor Our Towns Toggle All Bedford Township Holland Maumee Northwood Oregon Ottawa Hills Perrysburg Rossford Springfield Township Sylvania Photo Galleries Weekly Gallery 2017 Videos Hot Topics Blogs Weather Submit Letter to Editor User Commenting Guidelines To Top Fetching stories…
9to5Mac 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Android Chrome/OS Guides Android Android Wear Android Auto Nexus Chromebook Google Apps Android TV YouTube Trending in Google Corporate Google Pixel XL 5 months later: The ups and downs of owning Google’s first proper flagship Trending in Google Corporate The Best Chromebook: Samsung Chromebook Plus/Pro vs ASUS Chromebook Flip C302CA Trending in Google Corporate Chromecast vs Android TV: What is Google’s best solution for big screen entertainment? Trending in Google Corporate Best Android phones you can buy [March 2017] Trending in Google Corporate Comment: A few months later, and my Google Home is indispensable – and I’ve only scratched the surface Trending in Google Corporate Review: Samsung Chromebook Plus has a display and build worthy of Android apps [Video] March 23 GOOG: 817.58 -12.01 Google has fixed the Bluetooth shutdown issue on the Pixel, Pixel XL w/ ‘server-side changes’ Abner Li - Mar. 23rd 2017 3:50 pm PT @technacity Google Pixel Bluetooth Google Pixel XL View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit For the past month, some Pixel and Pixel XL owners have reported that Bluetooth on their device randomly shuts down. The issue seemingly began in February after that month’s security patch and has persisted through this month’s update. However, according to Google, the issue has now been remedied server-side. Nintendo Switch An official thread on Pixel User Community noted on February 23 that “The team has identified a fix, and it will be rolling out in an upcoming release.” As of March 14, Google updated that “the fix is still scheduled to roll out soon” Earlier today, another Googler posted in the thread that the issue has been fixed with “some server-side changes.” …I just got word that Google has just finished putting a fix in place for this issue on our end — no downloads or updates to your devices or apps are needed. We’d love to hear feedback from this group. If you have a chance to test your Bluetooth connection, please let us know how it goes. It’s likely that the change in question is an update to Google Play services. Version 10.5.x is currently rolling out with the Play Store listing an update on March 21. Updates to Play services occur quite gradually and may take a few days to fully reach everyone. This Bluetooth issue does not seem to affect all Pixel owners, but those who have encountered it report Bluetooth sporadically disabling itself and turning back on shortly after. As such, this has resulted in annoying pauses when streaming audio to wireless headphones and cars. We’ve asked Google to clarify the exact details of the fix and will update when we learn more. Abner Li @technacity Is interested in the minutiae of Google and Alphabet. Tips/talk: abner@9to5g.com Favorite Gear Fitbit Charge 2 Breath of the Wild Joy-Con Guides Google Pixel View THe Guide Bluetooth View THe Guide Google Pixel XL View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options. Post to Cancel
Contact Newsagent Login Scoop Search MARKETS Sharemarket Finance Company Results Real Estate SOEs ECONOMY Economy Reserve Bank Confidence Commerce Industrial Relations Employers Employment Statistics Taxation Trade Agreements Treasury INDUSTRY Agriculture Horticulture Fisheries Forestry Manufacturing Telecommunications Computing & Internet Media Retail Liquor Transport Tourism ENERGY Oil Coal Alternative Energy Electricity Gas Energy Policy Scoop Homepage | BizSciTech Homepage | Business Headlines | Business Most Read | Sci-Tech Headlines | Sci-Tech Most Read Powered by scoop.co.nz Tweet Dr Amanda Oakley takes out TechSoup’s Lifetime Service Award 11:07 March 24, 2017PressRelease 0 comments Press Release – Waikato DHB Waikato DHBs dermatologist Dr Amanda Oakley took out best Google Technology Service in the New Zealand Charities Lifetime Service Award sector.Dr Amanda Oakley takes out TechSoup’s Lifetime Service Award Waikato DHB’s dermatologist Dr Amanda Oakley took out best Google Technology Service in the New Zealand Charities Lifetime Service Award sector. The New Zealand Charities Technology Awards, hosted by TechSoup, brought together over 90 guests on 16 March, Auckland to acknowledge the accomplishments of charitable organisations and individuals whose work exemplifies the finest qualities to strengthen New Zealand communities and bring about positive social change. The Lifetime Service Award sponsored by Google was awarded to Dr Oakley, who is founder and editor in chief of DermNet New Zealand, a website dedicated to information all about skin conditions and their treatment. The website is owned by the DermNet New Zealand Trust, and was created by Dr Oakley in 1995. It has now become a world renowned resource maintained by dermatologists and health professionals globally with over 2 million people accessing the site each month. With easy to read information it also translates into 100+ languages via Google Translate. “We are grateful to all the volunteers and paid contributors that have helped make DermNetNZ.org a worldwide success. Without them, this award wouldn’t have been possible” Dr Oakley said. “It was an absolute honour to have been recognised amongst such a prestigious crowd on the evening for a project I began many years ago. Today DermNet NZ is recognised as a technology leader and source of information to answer people’s questions about skin problems wherever in the world they live.” Dr Oakley has been a specialist dermatologist for Health Waikato since 1987 with particular interests in early diagnoses of melanoma and teledermatology. More about the awards There were a total of six award categories presented on the night – Strategic Grants Technology Volunteer of the Year, Dr Oakley’s Lifetime Service Award, Xtreme Productivity Technology Innovator of the Year, Blackbaud Best Social Media Campaign of the Year, Microsoft Best Government Agency, and Reboot IT Best Small to Medium Enterprise. For a list of the winners and more about the event read TechSoup’s blog. ENDS Content Sourced from scoop.co.nz Original url Trackback-URL  Print This Post comments feed for this post Tweet   No comments yet. Write a comment: You must be logged in to post a comment.   Blogroll China Economic Scan Compare house prices Deposit Rates Direct Broking – NZX & ASX Trading & Prices Findata – Market Data Good Returns Herald Business Interest.co.nz – Interest Rates News & Views National Business Review Property Talk Sharechat Stuff Business Value Cruncher – NZX Latest Business news Rabobank NZ annual profit falls 14% Turners sees annual earnings growth of up to 12% Committee supports inner dolphin for cruise berths Zeagold commits to Countdown Cage Free Target FRENZ and Countdown announce transition to 100% cage-free Countdown commits to cage-free with support from egg farmers EPA rejects claims its charges to CRP were unreasonable Fiscal responsibility requires more focus on children Fulton Hogan lifts first-half pre-tax profit 13% UPDATE 4 – Fatal crash, Mouse Point Culverden NZ-Based Bitcoin Trading Platform Officially Launches Synchrotron a trans-Tasman success story Concept report on solar “out of step” with growing consensus Wintec establishes roots in Whitianga Electricity distribution pricing change a must, say retailer Text Links Recent Comments Lan: Unbelievable that a WEST AUSTR... jackp: Murray, when Key is involved t... Murray Guy: There are no boundaries when i... Lan: Canada & EU do it..Bryce ... Lan: I read somewhere that they do ... Simon Johnson: The former Department of Labou... Andrew P Nichols: Long overdue. Nowhere else in ... Rafi: I look forward to Mr Lees-Gall... Kevin McMahon: Yes, good on Lord Monckton. ... Bee: How do you think Kim Jon Key m... Categories Article Column Opinion PressRelease Uncategorized Monthly Archives March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 March 2009 February 2009 January 2009 December 2008 November 2008 October 2008 September 2008 August 2008 November 1999 Feeds RSS Posts RSS Comments Scoop Business © 2017 | Powered by Scoop Media | Terms of Use
Skip to navigation Skip to content Skip to footer View text version of this page Help using this website - Accessibility statement Menu The Age Business Subscribe Login Sign-up Become a The Age member today Join today and you can easily save your favourite articles, join in the conversation and comment, plus select which news your want direct to your inbox. Create your account now! Become a The Age member today Join today and you can easily save your favourite articles, join in the conversation and comment, plus select which news your want direct to your inbox. Create your account now! Home News AFL Business Politics World Comment Property Entertainment Lifestyle Travel Cars Tech Sport Video All News Victoria News National Environment Health Education Investigations Galleries Clique Photos Good Weekend NSW News ACT News Queensland WA News Sport AFL Ultimate Footy Cricket Soccer Racing Netball NRL Union Motorsport Basketball Tennis Scores Cycling Golf US Sports Athletics Boxing Swimming Business Markets Quotes Workplace Consumer Property Innovation Retail Economy CBD Money Small Business World Politics Politics Political Opinion Video Cartoons The Pulse Federal Election 2016 Your Vote Electorate Map Comment Letters Editorial Obituaries View from the Street Comment Satire The Zone Entertainment Movies TV & Radio Music Books Art Stage Melbourne Film Festival What's On in Melbourne Video Box Office Lifestyle News & Views Life & Relationships Health & Wellbeing Beauty Fashion Horoscopes Celebrity Home The Optimist Tech News Security Web Culture Innovation Sci-Tech Gadgets Games eSports Smartphone Apps Mobiles Video News Sport Business Entertainment Lifestyle Travel Property Cars Food Exec Style Parenting Search Site Markets Quotes Workplace Consumer Property Innovation Retail Economy CBD Money Small Biz Home Business March 24 2017 Save Print License article Google advertising boycott unlikely in Australia Lucy Battersby Contact via Email Follow on Google Plus Follow on Twitter facebook SHARE twitter TWEET email google-plus linkedin reddit More A UK-led boycott of Google's programmatic advertising is unlikely to spread to Australia, according to local media buyers.  So far several prominent UK advertisers including the British Government, Toyota and The Guardian, have pulled their advertising spend over concerns ads were appearing next to extremist or inappropriate content.  Play Video Replay Video Play Video Don't Play Up Next Targeting superfluous super Play Video Don't Play Video duration 02:08 More BusinessDay Videos Previous slide Next slide Video duration 00:59 Backlash over YouTube ads Backlash over YouTube ads Big-name companies are suspending digital advertising on Google's YouTube site over concerns their ads run next to offensive videos. Up Next Targeting superfluous super Play Video Don't Play Video duration 02:08 Video duration 02:08 Targeting superfluous super Targeting superfluous super The Productivity Commission says we have too many superannuation accounts. Peter Martin explains the logic. Up Next Protecting mugs from themselves Play Video Don't Play Video duration 02:31 Video duration 02:31 Protecting mugs from themselves Protecting mugs from themselves How far should our watchdogs go to protect mugs from themselves, crooks or bad luck? Michael Pascoe comments. Up Next Myer earnings report Play Video Don't Play Video duration 00:22 Video duration 00:22 Myer earnings report Myer earnings report Retailer Myer is on track to deliver full-year profit growth, for the first time since 2010. Up Next Oroton earnings report Play Video Don't Play Video duration 00:22 Video duration 00:22 Oroton earnings report Oroton earnings report Clothing and accessories retailer Oroton withholds its dividend as profit halves. Up Next Report puts doubt on car fuel efficiency Play Video Don't Play Video duration 01:35 Video duration 01:35 Report puts doubt on car fuel efficiency Report puts doubt on car fuel efficiency A report from the Australian Automobile Association finds cars may be using up to 60 per cent more petrol than advertised. Up Next How your soft drink is bottled Play Video Don't Play Video duration 01:22 Video duration 01:22 How your soft drink is bottled How your soft drink is bottled Clean technology is helping bottle your soft drink more efficiently than ever before. Up Next Blackmail, extortion and slavery: Australia's visa fraud victims Play Video Don't Play Video duration 02:47 Video duration 02:47 Blackmail, extortion and slavery: ... Blackmail, extortion and slavery: Australia's visa fraud victims Pawanjeet Heir and her family have been failed by the immigration system. Now she is is facing her worst nightmare: deportation. More videos Backlash over YouTube ads Big-name companies are suspending digital advertising on Google's YouTube site over concerns their ads run next to offensive videos. The campaign is being led by the Incorporated Society of British Advertisers [ISBA], which has called on Google to change its advertising policy.  " As a specific example, ISBA urges Google to review the practice of placing advertising immediately against newly-uploaded YouTube content, before it has been classified. Google should ensure that content is quarantined until properly categorised," the group said recently.  Related Content Google ad crisis spreads as biggest marketers pull spending Scattergun online ads are killing brands The statement came following reports by the News Corp-owned Times of London that ads were appearing next to extremist videos. UK media buying agency Havas this week pulled all its clients from Google.   In a statement, a Google spokesperson says the company is working to rectify the issue. Advertisement "We don't comment on individual customers but as announced, we've begun an extensive review of our advertising policies and have made a public commitment to put in place changes that give brands more control over where their ads appear. We're also raising the bar for our ads policies to further safeguard our advertisers' brands." Some major US advertisers, including AT&T and Johnson & Johnson have also pulled advertising from Google.  SHARE Share on Facebook SHARE Share on Twitter TWEET Link The so-called "Google Tax" is expected to raise $100 million in revenue per year from 2018. Photo: Andrew Quilty The controversy over ad placement, now in its second week, is expanding at a pace Google has struggled to match in its response.  Its parent company Alphabet's market value has dropped by about $US24 billion ($31 billion) this week. However, the boycott has not yet spread to Australia, according to chief executive of the Interactive Advertising Bureau, Vijay Solanki. If marketers, agencies and publishers work together it is possible to keep brands safe online, he said. "If you use the filtering processes and you do your planning rigorously you can create quite strong levels of brand safety," he told Fairfax Media. We are conducting our own internal audit around brand safety. Mike Wilson from Hava Head of Havas in Australia, Mike Wilson, said the boycott in the UK was a temporary hold related to specific local concerns, and may not happen in Australia. "We are conducting our own internal audit around brand safety," he told Fairfax Media. "[We have] no local plans to suspend partnerships with anybody until we have conducted our audit." Meanwhile chief executive of Think TV, Kim Portrate, would not comment directly on brands pulling their advertising from Google. Think TV was set up by television networks to encourage advertisers to increase their spend on television.  "So far in 2017 we have seen a groundswell; some very big brands are insisting they get what they pay for when it comes to media," Ms Portrate said.  Advertisement HuffPost Australia Now Is The Time To Book A Last Minute ... Contains: External link Climate Activists Target Westpac ATMs ... Contains: External link Most Popular Amazon lays out Aussie commitment 9 things to do when you don't like someone Medibank under fire after thousands of invoices delayed Hundreds of property owners remain in the lurch after Watersun Homes collapse Industry groups call for 'modest' rise in minimum wage Follow BusinessDay Share on FacebookFacebook Share on TwitterTwitter Follow The Age Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on EmailNewsletters Advertisement Most Viewed Today Previous slide Next slide Business 9 things to do when you don't like someone Power price surge: Woolies has bad news for shoppers Telstra joins global YouTube boycott as toll mounts on Google Hundreds of property owners remain in the lurch after Watersun Homes collapse Work like a nomad? The ATO is watching you The Age If it really is a house price bubble, this is how it bursts Capturing the moment: Missing Camberwell boy Andrew Ong found at Melbourne Central Australian woman dies in Bali after suspected vodka binge 9 things to do when you don't like someone Smoking passenger in critical condition after PSO 'wrestle' at Preston station The Sydney Morning Herald Elderly farmer who murdered environment officer dies in custody Smith unloads foul-mouthed cheating accusation Trump has a strategy for destroying IS - and it's working 'Game-changer': the public transport plan for gridlocked road 'Why don't you get picked?' BCCI post clip of Aussies' row with Jadeja Brisbane Times UQ LNP Club president: 'I openly accept I would be a Nazi Party member' Fire at XXXX Brewery at Milton 'This is a ripoff': Debtors describe SPER as modern-day thieves 'Sounds like a freight train coming through' on Hamilton Island Australian woman dies in Bali after suspected vodka binge Canberra Times 'It was disturbing': Owner of killer dogs speaks out after mauling APS department on lookout for phantom contractors 'Arrest me': Canberra woman successfully defies new Israeli law Turnbull pulls plug on China treaty under pressure from Labor, backbenchers Top US studies centre rocked by 'war of independence' WA Today 'Millions, not thousands': Midland Lotto winners' $4.2 million prize confusion 'Inappropriate': WA Police could be brought into disrepute over Facebook post Ben Cousins sentenced to one year in jail over stalking, drug possession Leaving hospital without a baby: Young Perth mum tells of genetic disorder trauma Pay up: Bunbury boss slams court order to pay workers ' vexatious' redundancy Get Started Subscribe today for unlimited access from only 50c a day The Age Share via Email Share on Facebook Share on Google Plus Share on Twitter RSS Feed Products and Services AM Edition PM Edition The AGE for iPad Today's Paper Subscribe Manage My Subscription Subscriber Hub Corporate Subscriptions Digital Subscription FAQs Good Food Guide The Store by Fairfax Newsletters The Age Sitemap About Us Contact Us Subscribers Advertise With Us Text Version Site Accessibility Guide Classifieds Place an Ad Cars Dating Jobs Real Estate Commercial Real Estate Oneflare Nabo Tributes Celebrations Our Sites SMH The Age AFR.com Adzuna Domain Drive RSVP Essential Baby Home Price Guide Weatherzone Fairfax Media Member Centre News Store Archive Fairfax Syndication Careers Events Press Council Copyright © 2017Fairfax Media Website Feedback Info Save articles for later. Ok, Got it Info Subscribe for unlimited access to news. Login to save articles. Ok, Got it Info Return to the homepage by clicking on the site logo. Ok, Got it
KIRO Seattle LIVE http://www.kiro7.com/cmg-main-theme/css KIRO Seattle SIGN IN REGISTER MEMBER CENTER SIGN OUT SIGN IN Sign in using your kiro profile Need a profile? Register now. {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} Remember Me Forgot password? {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} OR Sign in using you account with: {* loginWidget *} Sign Up / Sign In Welcome Back {* welcomeName *} {* loginWidget *} Use another account Sign Up / Sign In Welcome back. Please sign in {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Use another account You're Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing in. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} *Indicates Required Field {* socialRegistration_signInButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} REGISTER Already have an account? Sign In * Required fields {* #registrationForm *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddress *} {* traditionalRegistration_password *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirm *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} {* registration_firstName *} {* registration_lastName *} {* registration_birthday *} {* registration_postalZip *} By submitting your registration information, you agree to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. {* createAccountButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Why are we asking this? We collect zip code so that we may deliver news, weather, special offers and other content related to your specific geographic area. Thank you for registering! We have sent a confirmation email to {* data_emailAddress *}. Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account. Thank you for registering! We look forward to seeing you on [website] frequently. Visit us and sign in to update your profile, receive the latest news and keep up to date with mobile alerts. Click here to return to the page you were visiting. Reset your password Don't worry, it happens. We'll send you a link to create a new password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* forgotPassword_emailAddress *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} Email sent We have sent you an email with a link to change your password. {* mergeAccounts *} Sign in to complete account merge {* #tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* mergePassword *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} Thanks for verifying your email address Edit your profile Resend Email Verification Sorry we could not verify that email address. Enter your email below and we'll send you another email. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* submitButton *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} Resend Email Verification Click submit to receive another verification email {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* submitButton *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} Your Verification Email Has Been Sent Check your email for a verification link Close Live 12394754 Home 12394946 Live Newscast Live Events MercerMess Doppler Radar 12394760 Weather StormTracker Doppler Radar Livestream 5-Day Forecast Hour by Hour Forecast Ski Report School Closings 12394790 News Local News Jesse Jones KIRO 7 Investigates National & World News Crime News Seen On KIRO 7 Seattle Anti-Freeze 39471671 KIRO 7 Apps 12395018 Jesse Jones 502645372 NCAA 12394838 Traffic Traffic Cameras MercerMess.com Flow Map Accident Alerts Ferry Schedules Mountain Pass Reports 12394940 Video Past Newscasts 12394934 About Us KIRO 7 News Team KIRO 7 TV Schedule Contact Us Advertise With Us KIRO 7 Cares Cox Conserves Heroes Submit a news tip 12395024 More Gold Buying Tips 7 Things to Do this Weekend Shop Seattle Secure Medicine Return Summer Internship Program Housing Sports Profiles More Senate votes to kill privacy rules guarding your online info by: TALI ARBEL and RICHARD LARDNER, Associated Press Updated: Mar 23, 2017 - 4:02 PM Twtter NEW YORK (AP) - The Senate voted to kill Obama-era online privacy regulations , a first step toward allowing internet providers such as Comcast, AT&T and Verizon to sell your browsing habits and other personal information as they expand their own online ad businesses. Those rules, not yet in effect, would have required internet providers to ask your permission before sharing your personal information. That's a much stronger privacy-protection weapon than letting them use your data until you tell them to stop. As anyone who has ever tried to stop getting targeted ads on the internet knows, opting out is hard. Without those protections, consumer advocates fear that broadband providers will be able to do what they like with people's data. "Advertisers and marketers are lining up to get access to all the information that's now available about us," said Jeff Chester of the Center for Digital Democracy, which advocates for tougher internet privacy measures. ONLINE PRIVACY? WHAT ONLINE PRIVACY? Of course, Google and Facebook already track you. But proponents of the privacy measure argued that the company that sells you your internet connection can see even more about you: every website you visit, every app that sends or receives data, everyone you email and many that you message. Telecom companies argue that companies like Google know far more about users than they do. Consumer advocates also point out that it can be hard, in many areas of the country, to dump your cable or phone company for another one if you don't like its practices. Of course, it's also hard to stop using Google or Facebook. Undoing the Federal Communications Commission's regulation leaves people's online information in a murky area. Today, you can tell a broadband provider not to use your data. Experts say federal law still requires broadband providers to protect customer information - but it doesn't spell out how or what companies must do. That's what the now endangered rules from the Federal Communications Commission aimed to do. "There's kind of a void," said Perkins Coie telecom attorney Marc Martin. BUIDLING DIGITAL-AD BUSINESSESES Cable companies, cellphone carriers and the advertising industry attacked the FCC rules as an overreach. Having to get permission from customers to use their browsing and app histories would likely make it more difficult to build stronger ad businesses, as telecomcompanies want to do. Internet companies like Google operate under laxer requirements and don't have to ask users' permission before tracking what sites they visit. Republicans and industry groups have blasted that discrepancy, saying it was unfair and confusing for consumers. REGULATORY TUSSLE If the just-passed measure also clears the House and is signed by President Donald Trump, no future FCC could pass the broadband privacy rules again without further change to U.S. law. The Trump-appointed chairman of the FCC, Ajit Pai, is a critic of the broadband privacy rules and has said he wants to roll them back , along with other Obama-era policies meant to protect consumers and promote competition. He and other Republicans want a different federal agency, the Federal Trade Commission, to police privacy for both broadband companies like AT&T and internet companies like Google. But broadband providers don't currently fall under FTC jurisdiction, and advocates say the FTC has historically been a weaker agency than the FCC. "At the FCC, consumers are much more protected with strong privacy rules that give (internet service providers) clear rules as to what's fair and what's foul," Dallas Harris, a policy fellow with consumer advocacy group Public Knowledge, said last month. "The FCC is a stronger entity with a bit more teeth to hold ISPs' feet to the fire." ___ Lardner reported from Washington. Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Twtter Senate votes to kill privacy rules guarding your online info Trump tosses Obama's 'clean' energy plan, embraces coal Nielsen's top programs for March 20-26 NPR raises concerns about firing of Tennessee reporter Library patron returns book he took in 1982, plus $200 News Local News National/World News Video Traffic KIRO7 Weather Weather Storm Tracker HD Advertisers & Sponsors Cars at Autotrader Local Services at Kudzu About Us About KIRO 7 What's on KIRO 7 KIRO 7 FCC EEO Public File Report KIRO 7 Public File © 2017 Cox Media Group. By using this website, you accept the terms of our Visitor Agreement and Privacy Policy, and understand your options regarding Ad Choices. This station is part of Cox Media Group Television. Learn about careers at Cox Media Group.
Google Maps Already Tracks You; Now Other People Can, Too VOA News Facebook 0 Twitter 0 E-mail More Google+ LinkedIn KakaoStory March 24, 2017 08:11 Google Maps users will soon be able to broadcast their movements to friends and family -- the latest test of how much privacy people are willing to sacrifice in an era of rampant sharing. The location-monitoring feature will begin rolling out Wednesday in an update to the Google Maps mobile app, which is already installed on most of the world's smartphones. It will also be available on personal computers. Google believes the new tool will be a more convenient way for people to let someone know where they are without having to text or call them. The Mountain View, California, company has set up the controls so individuals can decide with whom they want to share their whereabouts and for how long -- anywhere from a few minutes to indefinitely. But location sharing in one of the world's most popular apps could cause friction in marriages and other relationships if one partner demands to know where the other is at all times. Similar tensions could arise if parents insist their teenagers turn on the location-sharing option before they go out. This photo taken March 22, 2017, shows the Google Maps app on a smartphone in New York. /AP ◆ Some Share Concerns It could also be turned into a way to stalk someone entangled in an abusive relationship, warned Ruth Glenn, executive director for the National Coalition Against Domestic Violence. "It has the potential to be another tool in an abuser's toolkit," she said. Similar tracking is already available on other apps; Glympse, founded by former Microsoft employees, has offered this function for years. Although it isn't as wide-ranging, Apple also offers a tracking option called "Find My Friends" on its iPhone, iPad and Watch. That's one of the reasons Google isn't expecting a lot of complaints about adding the option to Maps, especially since everyone can decide when to turn it on and who can monitor them. "We don't feel like we are changing the game," said Jen Fitzpatrick, Google's vice president of maps. ◆ Tracking Only a Tap away Maps users will be able to activate the location-sharing feature by tapping a button near the search bar and then picking a person from their contact list to text with the information. If the recipient doesn't have the Google Maps app on their phone, it will text them a link to open the location on the map in a browser. The settings also allow users to determine how long their movements can be tracked each time a location is shared. If no time limit is selected, Google will periodically send people email reminders that they're still sharing their location, a step that Glenn said may help anyone who didn't know an abusive partner was still following them. Copyright © Chosunilbo & Chosun.com Previous Next All Headlines Back to Top
View Newsmax Mobile Home   Newsfront   America   Politics   Opinion   The Wire   Fast Features   Lists   Specials   Sci & Tech   Jokes   Subscribe Sponsor Not Enough Vets Claim These Amazing VA Benefits Home | Newsfront Tags: Healthcare Reform | Financial Markets Stock Rally Sputters After Vote on Health Bill Is Delayed Thursday, 23 Mar 2017 06:06 PM Close  More ways to share... Stumbled LinkedIn Vine Reddit Delicious Newstrust Tell my politician Technocrati Short URL| Email Article| Comment| Contact| Print|     A   A    After a promising start, U.S. stock indexes gave up an early rally and ended mostly lower Thursday after Republicans delayed a vote on their health care bill and left investors concerned about delays for the business-friendly agenda of President Donald Trump. The Dow Jones industrial average rose as much as 96 points just before 1 p.m., but doubts about the bill cast a shadow over the market as hardline conservatives said they didn't support it. Health care stocks turned lower. Elsewhere, a growing boycott of YouTube advertising hurt Alphabet, Google's parent company. Smaller companies did better than the rest of the market and more stocks rose than fell, a sign investors are still confident in the U.S. economy. Near the close of trading, House Republican leadership postponed a vote on the American Health Care Act because of a lack of support. Conservatives and more moderate Republicans had opposing concerns about the bill, which is widely disliked by House Democrats. Jamie Cox, managing partner for Harris Financial Group, said investors are worried about how the Republican-controlled Congress and White House will come together on issues including tax reform, a debt ceiling increase, and a boost in infrastructure spending. "If the Republicans are having such a difficult time making changes to something they universally agree upon, how on earth are they going to agree on the more complicated tax cut that is coming through later in the year?" Cox asked. Still, the losses were small, suggesting investors think some of those proposals will be delayed rather than abandoned. The Standard & Poor's 500 index fell 2.49 points, or 0.1 percent, to 2,345.96. The Dow lost 4.72 points to 20,656.58. The Nasdaq composite slid 3.95 points, or 0.1 percent, to 5,817.69. The Russell 2000 index, which tracks smaller companies, gained 7.83 points, or 0.6 percent, to 1,353.43. Bond prices edged lower. The yield on the 10-year Treasury note, which has skidded over the last few days, rose to 2.42 percent from 2.40 percent. That modest increase gave banks and other financial companies a lift. The S&P 500 banking index had plunged 5 percent over the previous four days as bond yields and interest rates decreased. Banks turned higher on Thursday. SunTrust Banks added 67 cents, or 1.2 percent, to $54.85 and Huntington Bancshares rose 24 cents, or 1.9 percent, to $13.02. Alphabet fell as a YouTube advertising boycott spread. Companies including Johnson & Johnson, AT&T and Verizon have suspended their YouTube ad campaigns in the last week because their ads were appearing alongside offensive videos, including some that promoted terrorism. The ads are placed automatically and Google has said it will do more to block offensive videos. YouTube is one of the fastest-growing parts of Google's ad system. Alphabet lost $10.15, or 1.2 percent, to $839.65. Technology companies lagged the rest of the market. Alphabet is the second-most valuable company on the S&P 500 after Apple. Companies that run Medicaid programs, like Centene and Molina Healthcare, stumbled in afternoon trading and health insurance companies like UnitedHealth and Humana took small losses. Drug companies also fell. Hospital operators traded higher, as did medical device makers. Cox, of Harris Financial, said stocks probably won't fall much further if the bill ultimately fails because investors will focus on other items on Trump's agenda. "The market doesn't care a bit about the health care legislation," he said. PVH, which owns Calvin Klein and Tommy Hilfiger, jumped after its fourth-quarter profit and sales topped analyst estimates. It said sales for the Hilfiger brand grew in the latest quarter and its business is doing well in spite of high discounts in the U.S. The stock gained $7.70, or 8.5 percent, to $98.55. Discount retailer Five Below also climbed after it surpassed Wall Street projections in its fourth quarter. The stock rose $4.12, or 10.8 percent, to $42.25. Retailers have struggled in recent months, but consumer-focused companies did better than the broader market on Thursday. Nike, which plunged 7 percent a day earlier, recovered $1.45, or 2.7 percent, to $55.37. U.S. crude oil lost 34 cents to $47.70 a barrel in New York. Brent crude, used to price international oils, slipped 8 cents to $50.56 a barrel in London. That pulled energy companies lower. In other energy trading, wholesale gasoline fell 1 cent to $1.59 a gallon. Heating oil lost 1 cent to$1.49 a gallon. Natural gas rose 4 cents to $3.05 per 1,000 cubic feet. Gold fell $2.50 to $1,247.20 an ounce, which ended a small five-day streak of gains. Silver rose 2 cents to $17.59 an ounce. Copper picked up 1 cent to $2.64 a pound. The dollar inched up to 111.07 yen from 110.92 yen. The euro slid to $1.0786 from $1.0798. Germany's DAX jumped 1.1 percent and the CAC 40 in France rose 0.8 percent. Britain's FTSE 100 index added 0.2 percent. In Japan the Nikkei 225 gained 0.2 percent. Hong Kong's Hang Seng was flat and the South Korean Kospi gained 0.2 percent. © Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Click Here to comment on this article Close  More ways to share... Stumbled LinkedIn Vine Reddit Delicious Newstrust Tell my politician Technocrati Short URL| Email Article| Comment| Contact| Print|     A   A    1Like our page 2Share Share Newsfront After a promising start, U.S. stock indexes gave up an early rally and ended mostly lower Thursday after Republicans delayed a vote on their health care bill and left investors concerned about delays for the business-friendly agenda of President Donald Trump.The Dow Jones... Financial Markets 828 Thursday, 23 Mar 2017 06:06 PM 2017-06-23 Around The Web Powered by Newsmax Join the Newsmax Community Register To Comment Login To Comment Please review Community Guidelines before posting a comment. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus   Free Newsmax E-Alerts Email: Country: Zip Code: Privacy: We never share your email.   Hot Topics 2016 Elections Donald Trump ISIS/Islamic State Gun Rights Russia More Hot Topics Follow Newsmax Like us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Follow @Newsmax Add us on Google Plus Around The Web Powered by Newsmax You May Also Like Schumer Blasts Trump's Energy Order: Payoff to 'Big Oil and Special Interests' Tuesday, 28 Mar 2017 15:58 PM Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer ripped President Donald Trump Tuesday for his executive order rolling back the ener . . . Trump on Rolling Back Obama Energy Regulations: Ending the 'War on Coal' Tuesday, 28 Mar 2017 15:47 PM President Donald Trump declared Tuesday that his administration was "putting an end to the war on coal" by signing execu . . . Report: Ex-Fox News CFO Offered Immunity in Federal Probe of Network Tuesday, 28 Mar 2017 15:37 PM The former Chief Financial Officer at Fox News has been offered immunity from prosecution in exchange for his help with  . . . More Most Commented Ryan to Trump: Votes Aren't There for Heathcare Bill Friday, 24 Mar 2017 | 1475 comments So long as Paul Ryan is in the speakership there will never be anything... AP: Prospects Dim for Vote on GOP Health Bill in House Thursday, 23 Mar 2017 | 861 comments Delays are what happens when you have a group of legislators who READ the... Sessions Threatens to Withhold Funds in Sanctuary City Crackdown Monday, 27 Mar 2017 | 601 comments Start arresting these politicians as once in jail the reality of their... Politico: Freedom Caucus Had Secret Pact, Led to Plan's Failure Monday, 27 Mar 2017 | 497 comments The "Freedom Caucus" what and whom are they? The residue from the Tea... CNN: FBI Suspects Trump Associates Coordinated With Russian Contacts Thursday, 23 Mar 2017 | 537 comments Another CNN 'story' that they don't have to offer evidence for? More trial... Home   Newsfront   America   Politics   Opinion   The Wire   Fast Features   Lists   Specials   Sci & Tech   Jokes   Subscribe Newsmax, Moneynews, Newsmax Health, and Independent. American. are registered trademarks of Newsmax Media, Inc. Newsmax TV, and Newsmax World are trademarks of Newsmax Media, Inc.   NEWSMAX.COM America's News Page ©  Newsmax Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved Contact | Advertise | Shop | RSS | Archives | Links | Privacy Policy | Terms & Conditions
Skip to: Main Content Site Navigation Site footer Site site-search Site Map Network Navigation (other sites) Hipages Fox Sports SEEK Carsguide RealEstate News Network News.com.au News.com.au National World Lifestyle Travel Entertainment Technology Finance Sport Video share: Share on Facebook Facebook Messenger Share on Twitter Twitter Email a friend Mail Search technology Johnson & Johnson latest major brand to pull advertising from YouTube March 24, 20179:25am Video Image LONDON: Thousands Attend Trafalgar Vigil for Westminster Attack Victims March 2318:52 Thousands came together in London?s Trafalgar Square on March 23 to hold a candlelight vigil for the victims of the Westminster ?terror attack? on March 22. The vigil ceremony was attended by London Mayor Sadiq Khan and included a speech from Craig Mackey, acting commissioner of the Metropolitan Police. Credit: Facebook/Tareq Chowdhury via Storyful March 24th 2017 5 days ago /video/video.news.com.au/News/ Johnson & Johnson has suspended digital advertising from Google’s YouTube because of fears their ads will appear alongside content promoting terrorism and hate. Staff writer, APNews Corp Australia Network JOHNSON & Johnson has become the latest major brand to pull all digital advertising on YouTube over concerns its ads may appear alongside channels that broadcast offensive videos. The US health giant said it wanted to ensure that its ads did not appear on channels that promote “offensive content”, a day after AT&T, Verizon, and several other major advertisers suspended their digital ads after discovering their brands had been appearing alongside videos promoting terrorism and other unsavoury subjects. “We are deeply concerned that our ads may have appeared alongside YouTube content promoting terrorism and hate,” AT&T said in a statement. “Until Google can ensure this won’t happen again, we are removing our ads from Google’s non-search platforms.” The spreading boycott confronts Google, owner of YouTube, with a challenge that threatens to cost it hundreds of millions of dollars. AT&T and Verizon suspended their digital ads after discovering their brands had been appearing alongside videos promoting terrorism.Source:AP YouTube’s popularity stems from its massive and eclectic library of video, spanning everything from polished TV clips to raw diatribes posted by people bashing homosexuals. But that diverse selection periodically allows ads to appear next to videos that marketers find distasteful, despite Google’s efforts to prevent it from happening. Earlier this week, Google vowed to step up its efforts to block ads on “hateful, offensive and derogatory” videos. Shares of Alphabet, Google’s parent company, fell 1.19 per cent following JJ’s announcement. YouTube has become one of the fastest growing parts of Google’s ad system, which generated $79bn in revenue last year, Al Jazeera reports. Google hasn’t disclosed how much of that came from YouTube ads, but research firm eMarketer estimated the video site accounted for $5.6bn. EMarketer projected YouTube’s advertising will rise 26 per cent this year to $7bn, but that prediction came before marketers began to suspend their spending. Jump back to top trending in technology 1712 Cyclone Debbie update: Whitsundays, Hamilton Island battered... 726 Cyclone Debbie: Jenny Clarke desperate to find husband David... 588 Shark in ocean pool at Palm Beach 544 Donald Trump signs executive order to unravel Barack Obama’s... 546 Cyclone Debbie downgraded, expected to bring floods, heavy r... 407 Cyclone Debbie damage: Fears for Great Barrier Reef 175 Samsung Galaxy S8 readies for New York launch 97 Boeing X-37: How this mysterious space plane is starting an ... 107 Mass Effect Andromeda animations’ deep rabbit hole 61 Cyclone Debbie: Generator fumes could be deadly MORE IN Technology The nasty sting in Debbie’s tail Trump rips up Obama’s climate legacy Swimmers oblivious to shark in pool Samsung facing biggest test ever FOLLOW US ADVERTISE ABOUT US JOIN Please enter a valid email address Legal: Privacy Policy Relevant Ads Opt-Out Cookie Policy Terms & Conditions A NOTE ABOUT RELEVANT ADVERTISING: We collect information about the content (including ads) you use across this site and use it to make both advertising and content more relevant to you on our network and other sites. Find out more about our policy and your choices, including how to opt-out. News Limited Copyright © 2017. All times AEDT (GMT +11). Powered by WordPress.com VIP
continue to article News All Local News Search Last 36 hours Nation + World Environment Politics Justice Polygamy Health Care Education Weather Utah's Right Elevate Empower Utah Legal Notices Sports Utah Jazz RSL Utah Utes BYU Cougars USU Aggies WSU Wildcats Preps Grizzlies Bees Outdoors Winter Sports College Monson Kragthorpe All-time BYU football stats All-time Utes football stats Blogs Politics UPIN The Cricket TV Jazz Notes U of U Sports BYU Sports Prep Sports RSL Hiking Outdoors & Travel Sundance More Blogs Opinion Editorials Commentary Letters Bagley Cartoon Gehrke Rolly Cannon Kirby Blog: State of the Debate Submit a Letter Faith Religion news LDS Church Faith Blog Entertainment Calendar Film-Finder Movies Restaurants Lifestyle Arts Food Music TV Sundance Shopping Puzzles & Games Comics Horoscopes Cool Stuff The Legacy of Joe Hill I Love videos Whatever Happened To... Special Reports Videos Photo Galleries Utah Bucket List Preparing to play Money Top Workplaces Home Prices Obituaries Jobs Top Employer Top Educator Top Jobs Employment News Employers Post A Job Contact Us Homes Find a Home Find a Realtor Rentals Legal Notices Top Workplaces Top Workplaces Subscribe    Print New Subscription Register for e-Edition Access your e-Edition Print Registration Print Login    sltrib.com Membership Become a Supporting Member Premium Ad-Free Site Login Account Login Member FAQ Toggle navigation News All Local News Search Last 36 hours Nation + World Environment Politics Justice Polygamy Health Care Education Weather Utah's Right Elevate Empower Utah Legal Notices    SPONSORED BY: Sports Utah Jazz RSL Utah Utes BYU Cougars USU Aggies WSU Wildcats Preps Grizzlies Bees Outdoors Winter Sports College Monson Kragthorpe All-time BYU football stats All-time Utes football stats Blogs Politics UPIN The Cricket TV Jazz Notes U of U Sports BYU Sports Prep Sports RSL Hiking Outdoors & Travel Sundance More Blogs Opinion Editorials Commentary Letters Bagley Cartoon Gehrke Rolly Cannon Kirby Blog: State of the Debate Submit a Letter Faith Religion news LDS Church Faith Blog Entertainment Sundance Calendar Film-Finder Movies Restaurants Lifestyle Arts Food Music TV Shopping Puzzles & Games Comics Horoscopes    SPONSORED BY: Cool Stuff The Legacy of Joe Hill I Love videos Whatever Happened To... Special Reports Videos Photo Galleries Utah Bucket List Preparing to play Money Top Workplaces Home Prices Obituaries Jobs Top Employer Top Educator Top Jobs Employment News Employers Post A Job Contact Us    SPONSORED BY: Homes Find a Home Find a Realtor Rentals Legal Notices Top Workplaces Subscribe    Print New Subscription Register for e-Edition Access your e-Edition Print Registration Print Login    sltrib.com Membership Become a Supporting Member Premium Ad-Free Site Login Account Login Member FAQ Home » News Salt Lake City 49 ° Traffic / Ski Report Stories from last 36 hours WWW.SLTRIB.COM MAR 28, 2017 Become a Member | Ad-Free Login Home » News MAR 28, 2017  |  Salt Lake City 49 °  |  Traffic / Ski Report Stories from last 36 hours Become a Member | Ad-Free Login Home » News Become a Member | Ad-Free Login Stock rally sputters after health-bill vote delayed By MARLEY JAY The Associated Press First Published Mar 23 2017 04:12PM    •    Last Updated Mar 23 2017 04:12 pm FILE - In this Friday, Nov. 13, 2015, file photo, the American flag flies above the Wall Street entrance to the New York Stock Exchange. U.S. stocks are treading water early Thursday, March 23, 2017, as investors wait for news about the fate of the Republican-backed health care bill, a centerpiece of President Donald Trump's business-friendly agenda of cuts to taxes and regulations and greater infrastructure spending. (AP Photo/Richard Drew, File) FILE - In this Friday, Nov. 13, 2015, file photo, the American flag flies above the Wall Street entrance to the New York Stock Exchange. U.S. stocks are treading water early Thursday, March 23, 2017, as investors wait for news about the fate of the Republican-backed health care bill, a centerpiece of President Donald Trump's business-friendly agenda of cuts to taxes and regulations and greater infrastructure spending. (AP Photo/Richard Drew, File) Single page Share This Article ARTICLE PHOTO GALLERY (1) New York • After a promising start, U.S. stock indexes gave up an early rally and ended mostly lower Thursday after Republicans delayed a vote on their health care bill and left investors concerned about delays for the business-friendly agenda of President Donald Trump. The Dow Jones industrial average rose as much as 96 points just before 1 p.m., but doubts about the bill cast a shadow over the market as hardline conservatives said they didn't support it. Health care stocks turned lower. Elsewhere, a growing boycott of YouTube advertising hurt Alphabet, Google's parent company. Smaller companies did better than the rest of the market and more stocks rose than fell, a sign investors are still confident in the U.S. economy. VIDEOS TOP JOBS Near the close of trading, House Republican leadership postponed a vote on the American Health Care Act because of a lack of support. Conservatives and more moderate Republicans had opposing concerns about the bill, which is widely disliked by House Democrats. Jamie Cox, managing partner for Harris Financial Group, said investors are worried about how the Republican-controlled Congress and White House will come together on issues including tax reform, a debt ceiling increase, and a boost in infrastructure spending. "If the Republicans are having such a difficult time making changes to something they universally agree upon, how on earth are they going to agree on the more complicated tax cut that is coming through later in the year?" Cox asked. Still, the losses were small, suggesting investors think some of those proposals will be delayed rather than abandoned. The Standard & Poor's 500 index fell 2.49 points, or 0.1 percent, to 2,345.96. The Dow lost 4.72 points to 20,656.58. The Nasdaq composite slid 3.95 points, or 0.1 percent, to 5,817.69. The Russell 2000 index, which tracks smaller companies, gained 7.83 points, or 0.6 percent, to 1,353.43. Bond prices edged lower. The yield on the 10-year Treasury note, which has skidded over the last few days, rose to 2.42 percent from 2.40 percent. That modest increase gave banks and other financial companies a lift. The S&P 500 banking index had plunged 5 percent over the previous four days as bond yields and interest rates decreased. Banks turned higher on Thursday. SunTrust Banks added 67 cents, or 1.2 percent, to $54.85 and Huntington Bancshares rose 24 cents, or 1.9 percent, to $13.02. Alphabet fell as a YouTube advertising boycott spread. Companies including Johnson & Johnson, AT&T and Verizon have suspended their YouTube ad campaigns in the last week because their ads were appearing alongside offensive videos, including some that promoted terrorism. The ads are placed automatically and Google has said it will do more to block offensive videos. YouTube is one of the fastest-growing parts of Google's ad system. Alphabet lost $10.15, or 1.2 percent, to $839.65. Technology companies lagged the rest of the market. Alphabet is the second-most valuable company on the S&P 500 after Apple. Companies that run Medicaid programs, like Centene and Molina Healthcare, stumbled in afternoon trading and health insurance companies like UnitedHealth and Humana took small losses. Drug companies also fell. Hospital operators traded higher, as did medical device makers. Cox, of Harris Financial, said stocks probably won't fall much further if the bill ultimately fails because investors will focus on other items on Trump's agenda. "The market doesn't care a bit about the health care legislation," he said. PVH, which owns Calvin Klein and Tommy Hilfiger, jumped after its fourth-quarter profit and sales topped analyst estimates. It said sales for the Hilfiger brand grew in the latest quarter and its business is doing well in spite of high discounts in the U.S. The stock gained $7.70, or 8.5 percent, to $98.55. Discount retailer Five Below also climbed after it surpassed Wall Street projections in its fourth quarter. The stock rose $4.12, or 10.8 percent, to $42.25. Retailers have struggled in recent months, but consumer-focused companies did better than the broader market on Thursday. Nike, which plunged 7 percent a day earlier, recovered $1.45, or 2.7 percent, to $55.37. U.S. crude oil lost 34 cents to $47.70 a barrel in New York. Brent crude, used to price international oils, slipped 8 cents to $50.56 a barrel in London. That pulled energy companies lower. In other energy trading, wholesale gasoline fell 1 cent to $1.59 a gallon. Heating oil lost 1 cent to$1.49 a gallon. Natural gas rose 4 cents to $3.05 per 1,000 cubic feet. » Next page... Single page   Share This Article ARTICLE PHOTO GALLERY VIEW PHOTO GALLERY JOIN THE DISCUSSION     Post a Comment POPULAR STORIES Kirby: All in favor of voting yes on every Mormon sustaining? Not me. Will the Word of Wisdom ever change? Draper City steps forward with two new homeless shelter site proposals; Salt Lake County reschedules Monson: Study ... this! Utah football deserves a greater, grander stadium Urban designers in Salt Lake City praise innovations of the 'Mormon Grid' - The Salt Lake Tribune ELEVATE 2017’s top six tax questions answered   Professional-in-Residence Jim Mortensen Prepares Students to Become Top Advisors   When to get professional tax help and when to do your own taxes   Contests and Promotions COMMENTS POST A COMMENT      () News All Local News Search Last 36 hours Nation + World RSS Twitter Environment Politics Justice Polygamy Education Weather Traffic Utah's Right Elevate Empower Utah Cool Stuff The Legacy of Joe Hill I Love videos Whatever Happened To... Special Reports Videos Photo Galleries Utah Bucket List Preparing to play Sports All Sports Olympics TribPreps Utah Jazz Utah Utes BYU Cougars USU Aggies WSU Wildcats College RSL Grizzlies Bees Winter Sports Outdoors Gordon Monson Kurt Kragthorpe All-time BYU football stats All-time Utes football stats Money All Money Top Workplaces Home Prices Blogs All Blogs Politics The Cricket TV Jazz Notes U of U Sports BYU Sports Prep Sports RSL Hiking Sundance Opinion All Opinion Editorials Commentary Letters Bagley Cartoons Gehrke Rolly Cannon Kirby Submit a Letter Faith All Faith LDS Church Religion news Faith Blog Entertainment All Entertainment Calendar Film-Finder Movies Restaurants Lifestyle Arts Food Music TV Sundance Shopping Puzzles & Games Comics Horoscopes Membership Ad-Free Site Login Become a Member Account Login Member FAQ Obituaries Search Obituaries Place an Obituary Marketplace Search Cars Search Homes Search Jobs Search Marketplace Legal Notices Other Services Advertise With Us Subscribe to the Newspaper Access your e-Edition Frequently Asked Questions Contact a newsroom staff member Access the Trib Archives Privacy Policy Missing your paper? Need to place your paper on vacation hold? For this and any other subscription related needs, click here or call 801.204.6100 Copyright @ 2017, The Salt Lake Tribune
9to5Mac 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Android Chrome/OS Guides Android Android Wear Android Auto Nexus Chromebook Google Apps Android TV YouTube Trending in Google Corporate Google Pixel XL 5 months later: The ups and downs of owning Google’s first proper flagship Trending in Google Corporate The Best Chromebook: Samsung Chromebook Plus/Pro vs ASUS Chromebook Flip C302CA Trending in Google Corporate Chromecast vs Android TV: What is Google’s best solution for big screen entertainment? Trending in Google Corporate Best Android phones you can buy [March 2017] Trending in Google Corporate Comment: A few months later, and my Google Home is indispensable – and I’ve only scratched the surface Trending in Google Corporate Review: Samsung Chromebook Plus has a display and build worthy of Android apps [Video] March 23 GOOG: 817.58 -12.01 Google & Howard University launch Computer Science residency in diversity push Stephen Hall - Mar. 23rd 2017 3:06 pm PT @hallstephenj Google diversity Howard West View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit Google has partnered with Howard University to launch a new school campus called Howard West right within its own Mountain View campus. Google says undergraduate students from Howard’s computer science program will have the opportunity to attend the campus-within-a-campus for hands-on learning direct from both Howard staff and Google’s own engineers… Book a Free Smart Home Consultation w/ Amazon Services At the center of the move is a push toward greater diversity. Google’s Vice President of Global Partnerships says that Howard West “is now the centerpiece of Google’s effort to recruit more black software engineers from historically black colleges and universities.” Rising juniors and seniors in Howard’s computer science (CS) program can attend Howard West, for three months at a time. Senior Google engineers and Howard faculty will serve as instructors. The program kicks off this summer and we plan to scale it to accommodate students from other HBCUs in the near future. Students who attend Howard West will stay for a full three month residency, and Howard says that they will also receive “a generous stipend to cover housing and other expenses in Silicon Valley.” (Which is good, considering the astronomical costs of living in Silicon Valley.) The program will be kicking off this summer, and will be scaled over time to support more students. “During my time at Howard, I worked side-by-side with future lawyers, doctors, writers, entertainers, architects and business leaders. The spirit of total possibility put me on my path to Harvard Business School and ultimately Google,” Bonita Stewart said. “Howard West will continue Howard’s tradition of providing unprecedented access to opportunity, only now with a presence in the heart of Silicon Valley.” WASHINGTON (MARCH 23, 2017) – Howard University announced today in partnership with Google the launch of Howard West, a three-month, summer Computer Science residency for rising juniors and seniors in the University’s Computer Science program. The residency includes a dedicated workspace on Google’s Mountain View campus and a generous stipend to cover housing and other expenses in Silicon Valley. The announcement serves as the realization of Howard University President Dr. Wayne A. I. Frederick’s vision of expanding Howard’s presence to the West Coast. It is also a major step forward for Google’s efforts to recruit and retain diverse technical talent. “Howard West will produce hundreds of industry-ready Black computer science graduates, future leaders with the power to transform the global technology space into a stronger, more accurate reflection of the world around us,” said Frederick. “We envisioned this program with bold outcomes in mind – to advance a strategy that leverages Howard’s high quality faculty and Google’s expertise, while also rallying the tech industry and other thought leaders around the importance of diversity in business and the communities they serve.” Howard and Google’s longstanding partnership with the Google in Residence (GIR) program was the foundation for Howard West. Since GIR embeds Google engineers as faculty at Howard and other Historically Black Colleges and Universities (HBCUs), Howard West was a natural and logical next step. The program connects the geographical, academic and cultural divide between declaring a major in Computer Science and landing a job in tech. “During my time at Howard, I worked side-by-side with future lawyers, doctors, writers, entertainers, architects and business leaders. The spirit of total possibility put me on my path to Harvard Business School and ultimately Google,” said Bonita Stewart, Google’s Vice President of Global Partnerships. “Howard West will continue Howard’s tradition of providing unprecedented access to opportunity, only now with a presence in the heart of Silicon Valley.” Google credits Howard for the vision and groundwork to make the program happen, explaining that for many, the University’s name represents the prestige and importance of the entire body of HBCUs. HBCUs proportionally generate the largest number of Black Science Technology Engineering and Math (STEM) college graduates in the United States and have significantly improved Google’s intern diversity hiring. Although the amount of new hires the program will generate is undetermined, within five years, 740 students will have matriculated. Howard West will serve the entire tech ecosystem – not just Google. For the University, this is another opportunity to provide innovative, world-class learning experiences to its students, preparing them for work and leadership in the community.  Students will obtain 12 credits toward graduation as instruction through an immersion curriculum as part of the program. Stephen Hall @hallstephenj Stephen is Managing Editor at 9to5Google. Twitter DMs are open. Tips always welcome, never expected. Favorite Gear 15-inch MacBook Pro w/ Touch Bar Anker PowerCore 26800 Amazon Echo Dot Guides Google View THe Guide diversity View THe Guide Howard West View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options. Post to Cancel
Skip to main content The Straits Times World Toggle navigation Home Singapore Politics Asia World United States Europe Middle East Americas Africa Videos Multimedia Photos Graphics Lifestyle Food Forum Letters in Print Letters on the Web Readers' Post Opinion ST Editorial Cartoons Business Companies & Markets Economy Banking Property Invest Sport Football Tennis Formula One Basketball Golf Schools Tech Smartphones Tablets PCs Cameras Audio Wearables Games & Apps More Multimedia Forum Opinion Business Sport Tech SPH Websites SITES AsiaOne Berita Harian Hardwarezone herworldPLUS Lianhe Wanbao My Paper Omy razor SGCarMart ShareInvestor SRX Property STCars STClassifieds STJobs STProperty STOMP tabla Tamil Murasu The Business Times The New Paper ZaoBao Print Edition ePaper Big companies press pause button on YouTube advertising PublishedMar 24, 2017, 5:00 am SGT More Share Tweet Linkedin Pin Google+ Reddit Print Permalink: http://str.sg/47rg Copy Advertisers concerned that ads will pop up alongside videos promoting terrorism, hate SAN FRANCISCO • Google's advertising crisis went global after some of the world's biggest marketers, including AT&T and Johnson & Johnson, halted spending on YouTube and the Internet company's display network, citing concerns that their advertisements would run alongside offensive videos. The controversy erupted last week after London-based Times newspaper reported that some ads were running with YouTube videos that promoted terrorism or anti- Semitism. The British government and The Guardian newspaper took down their ads from the video site. Havas, the world's sixth-largest advertising and marketing company, pulled its British clients' ads from Google's display ad network and YouTube. On Wednesday, the boycott spread across the Atlantic as companies in the United States that are among the heaviest ad spenders pulled back, potentially costing Google and YouTube hundreds of millions of dollars in lost business. DEEP CONCERN We are deeply concerned that our ads may have appeared alongside YouTube content promoting terrorism and hate... Until Google can ensure this won't happen again, we are removing our ads from Google's non-search platforms. A SPOKESMAN FOR AT&T AT&T and Verizon Communications, the largest US wireless carriers, said they had stopped non-search advertising spending with Google. Johnson & Johnson, the biggest healthcare company in the world, paused all YouTube advertising globally. "We are deeply concerned that our ads may have appeared alongside YouTube content promoting terrorism and hate," a spokesman for AT&T said on Wednesday. "Until Google can ensure this won't happen again, we are removing our ads from Google's non- search platforms." To shield its brand, Verizon took the same action. It has also started an investigation, said its spokesman Sanette Chao. Search represents the lion's share of Google's advertising revenue, which was US$79.4 billion (S$111 billion) last year. However, large advertisers such as AT&T tend to spend more heavily across Google's video and display advertising network. AT&T is the fourth-largest advertiser in the US, spending US$941.96 million last year, according to Kantar Media, and Verizon is the third largest. Google has said it has begun a review of its advertising policies and is committed to putting in place changes that give brands more control over where their ads appear. While Google pledged to improve, brands wanted to hear there would be zero risk that their ads would appear near content promoting things like hate speech and terrorism, said Mr Brian Wieser, a media industry analyst at Pivotal Research. "They're saying they're trying harder - that's insufficient. They don't seem to understand the scale of the perceived problem," he noted. Sainsbury's, the BBC, Toyota Motor, Volkswagen and Havas each said on Wednesday that the decision to pull ads from YouTube has not changed following Google's announcements. Google's network business, which serves display ads on other websites, generated US$4.4 billion in fourth-quarter revenue - about 20 per cent of the company's total ad sales. While YouTube revenue is not reported separately, analysts say the video site brings in billions of dollars a year and that it is among Google's top-growing businesses. BLOOMBERG, NYTIMES A version of this article appeared in the print edition of The Straits Times on March 24, 2017, with the headline 'Big companies press pause button on YouTube advertising'. Print Edition | Subscribe Topics:  GOOGLE ADVERTISING AND MARKETING More Share Tweet Linkedin Pin Google+ Reddit Print Permalink: http://str.sg/47rg Copy BrandInsider Sponsored Content ibe_a125682_2017mar20_300x200.jpg 5 tips for better eye health sponsorednative.jpg What you need to know about Tanah Merah’s newest condominium st-web-special.jpg Fun with Mathematics. Train your brain with these problem-solving puzzles Shopping iPhone 7 Plus 128 GB Now On Sale! Check Latest Price Now! Attractive Digital Gadgets from $1!! Only @ Auction Q! Snap Up A Good Deal @ Qsquare Today! Check Out Fashion Runway @ Qsquare Market Now! More Deals on Qoo10 Subscribe to The Straits Times call 6388-3838 or click here Available for iPhones and iPads Available in Google Play Back to the top Singapore Politics Asia World Videos Multimedia Lifestyle Food Forum Opinion Business Sport Tech Follow ST The Straits Times SPH Digital News / Copyright © 2017 Singapore Press Holdings Ltd. Co. Regn. No. 198402868E. All rights reserved | Terms & Conditions | Data Protection Policy | Advertise with us We have been experiencing some problems with subscriber log-ins and apologise for the inconvenience caused. Until we resolve the issues, subscribers need not log in to access ST Digital articles. But a log-in is still required for our PDFs. Close
Navigation Menu Social Media News Social Media News Social Media Help Facebook Help Twitter Help Google+ Help LinkedIn Help Instagram Help Pinterest Help Youtube Help Technology Technology News Tech Tips Apps & Software Gadgets Tablets Apple Kindle Samsung Internet Search Engine News Web Bing Google Yahoo Business Advertising Blogging Development Start Ups Mobile Android Blackberry iPhone Reviews Windows Phone Infographics Follow us on Twitter Follow us on Facebook Subscribe To Rss Feed Follow Us On Google+ Home » Google Photos adds automatic and faster backup no matter the connection Google Photos adds automatic and faster backup no matter the connection Home » Apps & Software » Google Photos adds automatic and faster backup no matter the connection Posted By Ola Ric on Mar 23, 2017 | 0 comments Share the joy                 Credit: https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.google.android.apps.photos A couple of weeks after adding auto-correcting feature that got everyone talking, Google Photos now has a new feature that makes it easier to back up your photos no matter the connection. The new feature, which came alongside updates to Allo, Duo and Maps, will help you to store, organize and share your photos and videos without stress. It doesn’t matter where you are and the type of connection available to you; the new automatic and faster backup feature makes it easier to back up your lovely photos. “So today we’re rolling out two new features on Android and iOS to make backup and sharing easier on low connectivity. Now your photos will back up automatically in a lightweight preview quality that’s fast on 2G connections and still looks great on a smartphone,” Mario Queiroz, Vice President, Product Management said in a blog post on Wednesday. The most interesting part of the new feature is that; your photos will be backed up when you are in an environment or area where the Wi-Fi connection is good. In an area where the network is poor, your picture will be automatically backed up in a lightweight preview until a strong network is available. This makes it absolutely easy to back up your photos and not lose them because of poor connection. “Never mind if you’re at the beach or hiking in the mountains, with Google Photos you can now share pictures quickly even with a spotty connection by sending first in low resolution so friends and family can view them right away. They’ll later update in higher resolution when connectivity permits.” Google is also making it easier to organize your pictures so you don’t have to spend all day trying to sort things out. A new update that lets the app to automatically create animations, movies, collages, and albums was added by Google. Take movies for example, Google Photos will “select the best moments, put them together in one place with professional-style transitions, and set it all to music.” The new update has rolled out to users in Brazil, but will soon be available to a global audience in coming days. Earlier in March, Google Photos added a functionality that automatically corrects the white balance in any image you open. This will solve a lot of stress and make your picture look like that of a pro. It means you no longer need a third-party tool in the form of an editing tool to correct off tones. The feature has been hailed by many users of Google Photos as one that will transform the way they use the app. Last September, Google Photos was updated with a new feature that lets “you pick the photos, tap “share” and select the people you want to share with, instead of the apps.” The update makes photo and video sharing faster than it used to be. As a matter of fact, your friends on Google Photos can also get notifications when those photos are shared. A link will be sent to them automatically via SMS once a photo or video has been shared. Share the joy                 Share this: Reddit Email Facebook Skype Twitter Tumblr Google LinkedIn More Pinterest Author: Ola Ric Ola Ric is a professional tech writer. He has written and provided tons of published articles for professionals and private individuals. He is also a social commentator and analyst, with relevant experience in the use of social media services. Share This Post On Google Facebook Twitter Search SocialBarrel.com Search for: Subscribe! Our Sponsor Create your online store with WixStores! Our Sponsor Recent From Social Media News Facebook Messenger Live Location Is Now Available Mar 28, 2017 Facebook’s “Town Hall” is a new feature for contacting government officials Mar 27, 2017 Facebook confirms that it’s testing GIF button for comments Mar 24, 2017 Twitter could soon charge you for premium features Mar 24, 2017 Instagram is adding blurred screen with “Sensitive Content” warning Mar 23, 2017 Advertisement Home About us Our Team Privacy Contact Write for us Advertise With Us! A Venture Geeks project Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Politics | Entertainment | Arts | Lifestyle | Business | Health | Subscribe Search for: Submit Observer Politics National International New York New Jersey Editorials National Security Entertainment TV Movies Music Books Movie Reviews Lifestyle Fashion Celebrity Food & Drink Home Design Real Estate Travel Arts Theater Visual Art Dance Opera Business Technology Startups Internet Culture Media Health Psychology Relationships Fitness Subscribe to Newsletters Freedom from Privacy Google Beat Apple on an Accountability Scorecard—And No One Saw It Coming 'Company disclosure was inadequate across the board' By Brady Dale • 03/23/17 5:27pm We know you’re looking, but how much do you see? Pixabay / Creative Commons It’s an internet truism that most people don’t read the terms of service for the apps and websites they use. Typically, this is viewed as a lamentable state of affairs, but—as we have said before—not everyone needs to read them. If a few people read companies’ digital policies, that’s enough to alert the public about really dangerous changes in what tech companies disclose. There is good news and bad news on this point. The good news is that there is an organization, Ranking Digital Rights, that reads these policies systematically and reports on what they see. It released its 2017 report on 22 of the world’s largest technology companies today. It assessed their transparency and privacy policies, as well as their disclosures about security breaches and government censorship requests. Here’s the bad news: “Company disclosure was inadequate across the board,” the report says. So even with people looking at these documents, we can’t assess what they don’t tell us. The report assesses companies like Facebook, Mail.ru, Twitter, Vodafone, AT&T and Tencent. To get a sense for what the report covers here’s some of the key takeaways from its assessment of Apple and Google. Apple The last accountability report came out in 2015, but this is the first time the organization assessed Cupertino. Generally speaking, Apple is thought of as one of the best companies for protecting consumer privacy. The logic goes like this: Apple wants to profit from customers buying its products. This helps explain why Apples products tend to cost more: consumer prices aren’t subsidized by income from marketers that buy data about the products’ users. In fact, Chris Soghoian, a security researcher, has argued that the higher price of an iPhone amounts to a pay-for-privacy scheme. But Ranking Digital Rights finds their specific commitments to protecting users lacking. “Apple placed seventh out of the 12 internet and mobile companies and ninth in the overall Index, scoring lower than any other U.S.-based company evaluated,” the report states. The report assesses companies on governance (how it ensures its commitments), freedom of expression (the degree to which users can say what they want, know the limits and understand how governments might curtail that freedom) and privacy (how much information is collected about users, how it’s used and whether it gets shared). Under governance, the report stated that it “offered little evidence of a substantive grievance and remedy mechanism enabling users to issue complaints against the company for infringement of their freedom of expression or privacy.” This is no surprise to anyone that’s tried to cover Apple. It is an opaque company. App stores have become an easy way for repressive governments to undermine freedom of expression, as The New York Times reported in January. We know that Apple has caved to pressure to kill an app. “Apple should disclose its processes for responding to requests it receives from governments to restrict apps in its app store,” the report states, “as well as the volume and nature of these requests, as these requests are becoming an increasingly prominent threat to freedom of expression around the world.” The report faults Apple for failing to do a good job describing what it collects about user behavior, but it notes approvingly that Apple defaults to encrypting users data. “Apple’s disclosure regarding its encryption policies was notably better than most other companies evaluated, disclosing that it encrypts users’ communications by default,” it writes. The general consensus about Apple is that it provides the hardware and the service and just generally doesn’t watch users. In fact, it encrypts their data in such a way that it couldn’t if it wanted to, but that’s just a guess. We just don’t know, and clearer statements from Apple on these points would be good. Alphabet (Google) Google’s whole business model relies on profiting off of gathering information of people who use its services, but Ranking Digital Rights gave the company the highest score of any company assessed. It may be a for-profit NSA, but at least it admits to a lot of its spying. That said, the report found its governance language wanting. “While Google articulated a clear commitment to upholding users’ freedom of expression and privacy rights, it did not disclose evidence of board-level or even executive-level oversight over these issues within the company,” it writes. “This marked a decline in clarity of disclosure about governance and accountability mechanisms across Google’s global operations since the company’s corporate restructuring under Alphabet.” One of the smartest PR moves Google ever made won high praise in the report. “Google disclosed more than any other company in the Index about how it handles government and private requests to restrict content and accounts,” it wrote. Google’s transparency reports set the standard for how other companies write similar disclosures. These reports detail requests made by governments about its users. The report also wrote that “Google performed poorly on a number of indicators related to disclosure of how it handles user information.” That’s saying the least about the most. It’s surprising the report didn’t take some points away because the company quietly ended its commitment to divorce personally identifiable information from tracking data, as Propublic reported last year. Both Google and Apple received mixed reviews under security. Both are known for having good security teams, but they don’t have commitments about notifying users impacted by breaches. Google has a bug bounty program; Apple doesn’t. Both of them have fairly clear statements about how they use encryption. Overall, Apple scored 35 percent, with its highest marks in privacy (48 percent). Google led the list with a score of 65 percent, with its highest marks in governance (71 percent). Ranking Digital Rights is a project of the New America Foundation, and it is one of the organizations collaborating with Consumer Reports on a new privacy standard for digital products, as we previously reported. “We believe that public commitment and disclosure of basic policies is an essential baseline,” the report contends, “from which to evaluate companies’ respect for human rights.” More From Observer Meet the Brave Souls Who Read LinkNYC’s Two Different Privacy Policies By Brady Dale Observer Daily Observer Delivered to Your Inbox Sign Up Submit Must Reads Observer Politics Entertainment Lifestyle Arts Health Contact About Newsletters Privacy Terms Powered by WordPress.com VIP We noticed you're using an ad blocker. We get it: you like to have control of your own internet experience. But advertising revenue helps support our journalism. To read our full stories, please turn off your ad blocker.  We'd really appreciate it. How Do I Whitelist Observer? How Do I Whitelist Observer? Below are steps you can take in order to whitelist Observer.com on your browser: For Adblock: Click the AdBlock button on your browser and select Don't run on pages on this domain. For Adblock Plus: Click the AdBlock Plus button on your browser and select Enabled on this site. Then Reload the Page
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Politics Global Risk Briefing How We’ll Know if Trump Is Making America Great Again Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts The Inauguration of Donald J. Trump On the March in Trump’s Capital Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Science + Energy Graphics Billionaires Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Live TV Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe YouTube Hate Videos Haunt Advertisers on Google by Joe Mayes @Joe_Mayes More stories by Joe Mayes March 23, 2017, 4:12 PM EDT March 24, 2017, 5:35 AM EDT Axa in Germany, Total in France appear along anti-Semitic clip Value drops $24 billion as Google struggles to contain crisis Google's Ad Crisis Expands Beyond the U.K. Major advertisers across Europe and Asia are still appearing alongside extremist YouTube videos days after technology giant Google said it was taking steps to protect its clients from inadvertently supporting hate. An anti-Semitic clip claiming the existence of a “Jewish World Order” was featured alongside advertisements in Germany from insurer AXA SA, oil company Total SA in France, Range Rover vehicles in South Africa, footwear retailer Skopunkten and website Tradera in Sweden, Bloomberg searches of YouTube from each country found on Thursday. The video was also paired with brands in Asia -- Castrol lubricants in India and Cow & Gate infant formula in Hong Kong. Advertisements for AXA SA appear alongside the video. Source: YouTube A separate sermon by preacher Ahmad Musa Jibril, who according to U.S. prosecutors once took credit for a terrorist bombing in Saudi Arabia, can be viewed alongside advertisements from Nissan in Sweden and wireless carrier MTN Group in South Africa. Meanwhile, the Islamophobic English Defence League gathers support from advertisers Total, Netflix Inc., IBM and watchmaker Tag Heuer International in France. The controversy over ad placement, now in its second week, is expanding across the globe at a pace Alphabet Inc.’s Google has struggled to match in its response. On Thursday, as Alphabet Chairman Eric Schmidt said Google could “get pretty close” to guaranteeing companies’ ads won’t be placed near hateful material, advertisers throughout Europe were confronting more than a dozen new examples and scrambling to protect their brands. “We didn’t know that our ads were played in this context,” Axa spokeswoman Anja Kroll said in an email. “We have immediately arranged for an update of the filters and stopped the delivery” of ads with these videos because "diversity, tolerance and openness are values that are of key importance for us and that we practice daily.” Awaiting Answers While Axa hasn’t pulled its ads from YouTube, the German unit is using "blacklist" filters to prevent its ads from appearing next to extremist, racist or other undesired content, Kroll said. In this case, she said, the filters apparently failed. “We don’t comment on individual videos but as announced, we’ve begun an extensive review of our advertising policies and have made a public commitment to put in place changes that give brands more control over where their ads appear,” a Google spokesperson said. “We’re also raising the bar for our ads policies to further safeguard our advertisers’ brands.” Range Rover said in an email it was suspending its YouTube campaign in South Africa while it investigates. Telenor Sweden, which had an ad showing before a propaganda video from a Swedish neo-Nazi group, also halted all YouTube advertising, according to Aron Samuelsson, a spokesman. Nissan said it was “urgently reviewing” with Google while Nilson Group AB, owner of Skopunkten, said it had asked its media agency about the ads and is “awaiting answers,” according to Linda Fernell, a spokeswoman. Total, IBM, MTN, Tag Heuer, Netflix, Castrol India Ltd. and Cow&Gate owner Danone SA didn’t respond or had no immediate comment. Tradera’s owner, Paypal Holdings Inc., declined to comment. In Sweden, an Ikea AB spot was found alongside a homophobic and anti-Semitic video entitled: “Gay Pride Parade a Tool of International Jews,” while another clip in India tied the so-called gay agenda to “Satanic Illuminati” and touted the F3 Plus smartphone from China’s Oppo. An ad for HBO’s “The Young Pope” found its way to the pre-roll for “Jewish Hypocrisy -- Flooding Europe With Immigrants” in Spain. “It is completely unacceptable that IKEA appears in a context like this,” spokeswoman Cecilia Nettelbladt Stenberg said by phone. “What we’ve done now is to ask our media agency to immediately investigate the reason behind this.” “We don’t control the YouTube ad placement, but we greatly oppose it,” HBO said in an email. “We will be taking steps to get it removed.” Oppo didn’t respond. Maximum Volume The advertisers’ discomfort highlights the reliance of Google and Facebook Inc. on automated software that maximizes volume to help them dominate online advertising. Digital advertising grew by 17 percent globally to $178 billion in 2016, according to marketing consultant Magna Global, which projects that digital-based ad sales will overtake TV to become the No. 1 media category this year. The global array of companies caught up in the controversy illustrates the scale of the problem for Google, which risks potential financial and reputational damage. The company was already facing claims in lawsuit by the family of a terror attack victim that it profits from ads linked to terrorist propaganda promoting violence. The latest crisis erupted after a Times of London investigation last week revealed ads running alongside offensive content. Alphabet’s market value has dropped by about $24 billion this week. “A cascade of major brand boycotts for Google ad spend (mostly non-search) has emerged, raising concerns on first quarter and second quarter results and the future of programmatic advertising,” Justin Post, an analyst with Bank of America Merrill Lynch, wrote in a research note on Thursday, referencing the automated software Google uses to match advertisers with content online. JPMorgan Chase & Co. and Ford Motor Co. suspended their YouTube ads on Thursday. AT&T Inc., Johnson & Johnson, GlaxoSmithKline Plc and Verizon Communications Inc. joined the boycott earlier this week, after British Broadcasting Corp., Sainsbury Plc, Volkswagen AG and Toyota Motor Corp. said they had pulled ads in the U.K. The latest examples show the global scope of the Google’s problem, reaching beyond the U.K. and U.S. to big European markets like Germany, France and Sweden, as well as Hong Kong, India and South Africa. At Skopunkten, a major shoe-store chain in Sweden, spokeswoman Fernell said she was unaware of the “Jewish World Order” video but said the company had noticed some unwanted videos popping up in its YouTube campaigns. “I hope they can help us redirect the ads,” she said. “We need to learn more about this.” While Google’s tools can be incredibly sophisticated, allowing ads to follow users from site to site, the software hasn’t fully matched the human judgment necessary to protect brands from inadvertently funneling cash to causes their customers would find objectionable. The high number of intermediaries in digital advertising further complicates the problem. So Google’s announced fixes may not completely solve the challenge. “Google isn’t yet fully addressing advertisers’ concerns and needs to take stronger steps to regain the trust of brands,” Morgan Stanley analyst Brian Nowak wrote in a note to clients Thursday. Exclusive insights on technology around the world. Get Fully Charged, from Bloomberg Technology. Sign Up Google said Tuesday that it was increasing safeguards to protect advertisers, such as automatically excluding ads from videos deemed “potentially objectionable” and giving advertisers more control over placement. While YouTube revenue isn’t reported separately by Google, analysts estimate the video site brings in billions of dollars each year, and say it’s among Google’s fastest-growing businesses. Schmidt, in an appearance on Fox Business Network’s “Mornings With Maria” on Thursday, said Google can generally ensure clients that their ads won’t be placed next to “hate” content. “We match the ads and the content,” Schmidt said, according to a transcript from Fox Business. “But because we source the ads from everywhere, every once in a while somebody gets underneath the algorithm and they put in something that doesn’t match.” He said that Google had tightened its policies and increased the amount of time it spends manually reviewing the content, “and so I think we’re going to be okay.” Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Most Read Tesla Model 3 Ramp Up Aims to Crush BMW and Mercedes These Charts Show Alarm Bells Ringing on the Trump Trade U.S. Travel Industry Fears a ‘Lost Decade’ Under Trump Lockheed’s $29 Billion Copter Poised to Win Pentagon’s Approval Risk Rout Eases as U.S. Stocks, Dollar Trim Losses: Markets Wrap Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
U.S. Editions Australia Edition China Edition India Edition Italy Edition Japan Edition Singapore Edition United Kingdom United States Mar 28, 4:05 PM EDT Subscribe Everything You Need To Know, Right Now. Everything You Need To Know, Right Now. The IBT Pulse Newsletter keeps you connected to the biggest stories unfolding in the global economy. Please enter a valid email Search Search Business Technology World National Media & Culture Millennial Money Entertainment Sports Subscribe Technology Half Of Google Android Devices Didn't Get A Security Update In 2016 By Eric Chiu @eric_chiu On 03/23/17 AT 5:36 PM Close Google made major strides in improving security coverage for Android smartphones in 2016, but around half of the Android devices in use haven’t seen a security update in a year, according to key conclusions from Google’s annual Android Security Year In Review report. As the report details, Google has expanded its process for pushing out major security updates. Through its monthly security update program, Google touted that more than 735 million devices received a platform update last year. Read: Android Is As Secure As Apple's iOS, Google Security Director Claims However, the process to bring those updates through to manufacturers still has room for improvement. Android security team member Andrew Ludwig told TechCrunch that around 78 percent of flagship Android devices in North America were on a current security update. Security update frequency isn’t necessarily as important of a line item as features for general buyers, but they’ve increasingly become tied to manufacturer quality. As the Google security report notes, major brands like Samsung, LG and Huawei regularly push out Android updates quickly to phone users. In addition, first-party phones like the Google Pixel and Android One series were designed, in part, to get security updates out more quickly to users. Read: Is Your Smartphone Spying On You? Phone Cameras, Microphones At Risk Of Hacking, Expert Says However, the number of users who aren’t on these flagship models poses a more significant security risk. Major Android smartphone companies have come a long way with security updates since Android’s early days, but the report still reflects the stigma Android has with regular security updates. For Apple’s part, it reported that, as of February 2017, 79 percent of its devices were on iOS 10. 16 percent of devices were running iOS 9, while 5 percent were running older versions of iOS. While Android’s openness as an operating system played a role in its market share and growth among third-party developers, Google has historically struggled to wrangle the sheer number of devices and manufacturers with Android devices on the market. Related Stories How To Download Android O Developer Preview Software Google Duo Getting Audio-Only Calling Feature Join the Discussion Most Read Stay connected to the biggest stories unfolding in technology. The IBTech Newsletter keeps you connected to the biggest stories unfolding in technology. Please enter a valid email Most Read Business How To Get The New Adidas Originals x Alexander Wang Pieces What you need to know about the two installment releases. Technology Google To Introduce Its Google Assistant In UK Google Home is scheduled to debut in the United Kingdom in April. World U.S. Munitions Could Not Have Blown Up Mosul Building: Army The top U.S. commander in Iraq said its March 17 airstrike in Mosul could have been a combination of ISIS' improvised explosive devices. National Trump Lawyer Tries To Block Groping Suit Attorney Marc Kasowitz claims the Supremacy Clause of the Constitution protects the president from being sued in state court. © Copyright 2017 IBT Media Inc. All Rights Reserved. IBT About Us Advertise with Us Media Kit Terms of Service Privacy Policy Editions Australia China India Italy Japan Singapore United Kingdom United States
skip to main content Site Menu Donate Menu HOME PROGRAMS On-Air Schedule Programs A-Z Podcasts Program Guide PDF Printable Program Grid CROSSCURRENTS Crosscurrents • Audiograph • Bay Area Beats • The Bridge • Cannabis News Roundup • Hey Area • Litography • San Quentin Prison Report • Spiritual Edge • StoryCorps • The Stoop • Today's Local Music YOUR CALL MUSIC & ARTS LOCAL MUSIC PLAYER Africa Mix A Patchwork Quilt Bluegrass Signal Blues Power Hour Explorations in Music Fascinatin' Rhythm #FSFSF Comedy Fog City Blues Folk Music & Beyond Liner Notes Music from Other Minds Music from the Hearts of Space My Mixtape Open Air Record Shelf Revolutions Per Minute Sights & Sounds Sound Opinions Tangents Thistle & Shamrock ABOUT Community calendar Contact us Directions to our studios Financial & governance information History & mission Online community expectations Our people Work with us SUPPORT Donate Now Sustaining Membership Employer Matching Gifts Stock Donations Vehicle Donation Agent Match Me Volunteer KALW's Wish List SEARCH Menu HOME PROGRAMS On-Air Schedule Programs A-Z Podcasts Program Guide PDF Printable Program Grid CROSSCURRENTS Crosscurrents • Audiograph • Bay Area Beats • The Bridge • Cannabis News Roundup • Hey Area • Litography • San Quentin Prison Report • Spiritual Edge • StoryCorps • The Stoop • Today's Local Music YOUR CALL MUSIC & ARTS LOCAL MUSIC PLAYER Africa Mix A Patchwork Quilt Bluegrass Signal Blues Power Hour Explorations in Music Fascinatin' Rhythm #FSFSF Comedy Fog City Blues Folk Music & Beyond Liner Notes Music from Other Minds Music from the Hearts of Space My Mixtape Open Air Record Shelf Revolutions Per Minute Sights & Sounds Sound Opinions Tangents Thistle & Shamrock ABOUT Community calendar Contact us Directions to our studios Financial & governance information History & mission Online community expectations Our people Work with us SUPPORT Donate Now Sustaining Membership Employer Matching Gifts Stock Donations Vehicle Donation Agent Match Me Volunteer KALW's Wish List SEARCH Related Program:  Crosscurrents Driving apps like Waze are creating new traffic problems By Eli Wirtschafter • Mar 23, 2017 Related Program:  Crosscurrents TweetShareGoogle+Email The app Waze suggests a circuitous route around traffic in Fremont. (Screenshot) Eli Wirtschafter Listen Listening... / 9:26 After a long day teaching at Ohlone College in Fremont, Rose-Margaret Itua often spends 40 minutes just waiting to get on the highway. It’s only a mile – a straight shot down Mission Boulevard to 680. But in the four years Itua has been teaching at the college, this short stretch has become maddeningly slow.   “We could be in one spot for about two minutes – no movement at all,” says Itua from behind the wheel. “And then we start crawling again.” A few years ago, Itua would sometimes use Google Maps to direct her through less busy streets. Now, she says there’s no point. “I guess I'm not the only person doing that,” Itua says, laughing. “Other people are doing the same thing and so everyone is getting stuck on the alternate route too.” “Now I don't bother,” says Itua. “I just stay here.” Rose-Margaret Itua, an engineering professor at Ohlone College, took her son out of piano lessons because she could no longer pick him up after school in time. Credit Eli Wirtschafter Navigation apps like Google Maps, Waze, and Apple Maps determine the speed of traffic using location data from people's phones. Then they send drivers on the fastest available route. If traffic is bad on the highway, they'll often send drivers onto local roads.   This is getting to be a problem in Fremont.   Fremont sits at the intersection of several highways that connect Silicon Valley with East Bay cities and the suburbs of the Tri-Valley area. As the region grows, those highways have had to accommodate more commuters.  In recent years, Fremont's local roads have piled up with drivers too.   Unsurprisingly, residents are upset about the increased traffic on their streets. I spoke to one elderly woman who says it’s gotten so bad that she tries not to leave the house after 2 p.m.   But there’s a more subtle consequence of our growing reliance on navigation apps.    Worse traffic overall   According to Alex Bayen, director of the Institute of Transportation Studies at UC Berkeley, navigation apps might make for slower traffic overall.   “Routing people in the way that is best for them,” Bayen says, “doesn't mean that traffic overall is moving more efficiently.”   This is the opposite of the message that the companies building these apps want to send. A spokesperson for the navigation app Waze said in an email that the “application is designed to spread cars out across the grid and alleviate traffic.”   Bayen says that apps can have that effect – initially. But as increasing numbers of drivers rely on their phones for directions, “you see massive amounts of people who are changing their routing patterns.”   And when throngs of drivers use the same apps, traffic can build up in ways that the roadway system wasn’t built to accommodate.      Waze directs drivers to leave the main road and come back. When the cars re-enter, they create a bottleneck. (Screenshot) Credit Eli Wirtschafter For example, as Itua approaches an entrance to the freeway, she sees a procession of cars coming off a side street. We found earlier that the app Waze was sending drivers that way.     Those cars trigger a traffic light, causing Itua to wait longer on Mission Boulevard. They go ... then we go. They go ... then we go.   “There’s more stop-start-stop-start,” Itua says.   Taking Waze’s route might be smart for individual drivers, but it gums up the traffic system for people on the main road. It’s not so great for the Waze drivers either, who are lined up at same light.   Bayen says this illustrates the principles of John Nash, the Nobel Prize-winning mathematician made famous by the movie A Beautiful Mind.   Nash demonstrated “that what's best for you might not be best for society,” says Bayen. “And that's essentially what's happening with these apps.”   As more and more drivers use apps, says Bayen, the problems are “definitely going to get worse.”   Using map data to fight back   Noe Veloso, the Principal Transportation Engineer for the city of Fremont, pulls up Google Maps on a computer.   “We've been able to use these apps ourselves to determine exactly what they're doing,” says Veloso.   Mapping applications are something of a double-edged sword for transit planners. On the one hand, the apps add to local traffic. On the other hand, city planners now have access to free information about where traffic is, and where drivers are being told to go. Noe Veloso uses Google Maps to plan traffic fixes for Fremont. Credit Eli Wirtschafter     Veloso plugs in a common route for drivers heading north from Silicon Valley. Google Maps recommends that the driver exit the freeway, wind through Fremont neighborhoods, and then get back on the freeway.   “This is a great example,” says Veloso. He says that because the city figured out that this route is popular, they’re implementing a new turn restriction to discourage drivers from using it.   He hopes the new sign will keep more cars on the highway.   So far, the city has installed three turn restrictions based on information gleaned from online maps. We drive out to see one of them.   But when we get there, a black BMW rolls up and makes an illegal right turn, ignoring the sign. Apparently street signs are so 20th century. In the digital age, you need the computers to know there’s a sign there too.   “A lot of Google Maps users are still being directed to this route,” says Veloso. “And so they've come all this way, if there are no police officers to enforce it, they will take their chance.”     Phones have become an essential part of many dashboards. Credit Eli Wirtschafter   Fremont recently joined a data-exchange program with the makers of the navigation app Waze. It’s called the Connected Citizens Program.   In the exchange, cities provide information about closed roads or added signs, and Waze offers cities up-to-date, anonymous traffic information. More than one hundred public agencies worldwide have joined the program, including San Francisco, the Metropolitan Transportation Commission, which covers all the Bay Area, and Caltrans, which covers the whole state.   Through the program, Veloso’s team let Waze know about this sign. The app was swiftly updated, and Waze no longer sends drivers here.   But even though Waze is owned by Google, it took Google Maps more than three months to update to recognize the new sign. When I was with Veloso in January, they hadn’t yet.   “We as a staff kept putting in multiple notes to Google,” says Veloso. “‘We made this change onto our roadway system. Please update your system.’”   He was informed that Google Maps and Waze have totally separate operations. While Google Maps remains secretive, Waze is sharing its data.     Imagining a smarter transportation network   “Exchange programs are really good. I think it's really a win-win,” says Bayen, the UC Berkeley researcher. “Being able to exchange data is a very good step towards being able to understand the problem.”   But understanding the problem of traffic is only the first step towards solving it.   Mission Boulevard in Fremont on a Thursday afternoon. Credit Eli Wirtschafter “What we want is really a general collaboration where the state, the city, the regions, work with all the companies involved,” says Bayen.   He suggests creating economic incentives for drivers to reduce traffic, such as a road user fee for every mile driven, or a bonus for driving during off-hours.   We could even have automated cars that follow the best traffic route for society, not just individual drivers.   It’s hard to imagine Americans giving up the right to drive where we please – and we’d have to reckon with the potential invasion of privacy. But these kind of solutions become possible in a world where growing numbers of cars are connected over the internet. Besides, nobody likes traffic.   Back on Mission Boulevard, a light turns green, and Rose-Margaret Itua finally makes it onto the highway.   She likes to make the best of any situation. So when her engineering students complained to her about the traffic coming to school, she gave them an assignment. She told them to research new “connected cars” technology, where cars communicate with each other with traffic lights.   “So actually, the traffic brought out good,” says Itua. “There’s always a silver lining behind every cloud.”   Even though mobile technology makes Itua’s drive worse now, she believes that in the long run, it will make it better.   “We're engineers,” she says. “We don't complain. We look for ways to solve the problem.” Tags:  traffic mobile technology Google Maps Waze Fremont TweetShareGoogle+Email View the discussion thread. Related Content The new cost of driving – express lanes come to the Bay Area By Eli Wirtschafter • Jun 7, 2016 Eli Wirtschafter Listen Listening... / 7:04 In February, new express lanes opened on Interstate 580 near Pleasanton. These express lanes are just like carpool lanes – in most ways. They’re free for buses, motorcycles, and cars with more than one rider. But in an express lane a single driver can get in too, for a price. Your Call: How should the Bay Area plan for growing pressures on our roadways and mass transit? By Laura Flynn • Nov 17, 2015 Wonderlane / flickr Listen Listening... / 53:05   On the November 17th edition of Your Call, we’ll discuss planning for a growing Bay Area.  Silicon Valley experiments with public buses that work like Uber By Eli Wirtschafter • Jun 7, 2016 Eli Wirtschafter   Listen Listening... / 8:11 The VTA Flex pilot program ended on July 1. VTA's Chief Technology Officer Gary Miskell says they are examining other ways to deploy on-demand transit. When we reported on Flex, the challenges in providing such transit were already visible.  Moises Olmedo, a software engineer, used to leave 50 minutes to get to work by public transit. He would walk or bike to the light rail station, wait for the train, ride for 20 minutes, and then walk the rest of the way to his job at Cisco. All this despite living just three miles away. © 2017 KALW
null
Oneindia Classifieds Coupons Education News Movies Buy Insurance Auto Cricket Gadgets Lifestyle Money Travel Menu Home News Mobiles Reviews How to Features Top 10 Mobiles Gadget Finder Menu Tip Us!FacebookTwittergplusYoutube News Mobile Tablet Laptop Computer Gear Camera Reviews How To Features Gadget Finder Photos Videos English हिन्दी ಕನ್ನಡ മലയാളം தமிழ் తెలుగు বাংলা ગુજરાતી Home  |  How To  |  Tips Tricks  | 5 things you should know about Google's Travel App 5 things you should know about Google's Travel App Google Trips aims at helping people to plan better vacation or holiday in advance without any last minute hassle. By: Gizbot Bureau Updated: Wednesday, March 15, 2017, 20:08 [IST] In an attempt to expand its footprint, the search engine giant Google launched a travel focused app in the market dubbed as Google Trips last year. Available in both Android and iOS, this app will organize information about trips including flight tickets, hotel reservations and can plan itineraries around it as well. With the ability to work offline, it makes personalized recommendations based on your Google history. SEE ALSO: How to Fix Aw Snap Error in Google Chrome: 5 Simple Steps Stay tuned to GizBot for more updates! Create your first trip Before starting off, you need to set it with your Gmail account. Once it's done, you can create your first trip just by searching your destination and adding dates to it. In case, if you stopping in more than once spot, you can add that as well. Additionally, this app has complete guides for more than 200 major cities. Reservations You can also check out the reservation details of your flight, hotel, cars and much more that was received on your Gmail account. If not, you need to forward the details to your Google account to show up on the app. Things to do This feature creates custom itineraries by category based on your duration in the town and destinations. You can also select the general itinerary that suits you or goes in-depth that focuses on your likes including shopping, museums and other activities. Adding to that, you can edit (include/delete) the list and simply save it by tapping on the star icon. Food and drink The next best feature in this app is undoubtedly this. Having said that, this part of the app will give you the basic information about the cuisines and specialties of the particular area. It also recommends destinations broken down by category from simple family themed to cocktail specials and much more. Day Plan This gives you an overview or suggestions for what to do in the particular destination based on your duration. It also comes with an option where you can make your personalized day plan as well. Moreover, it features a map that will show you the exact routes that need to be followed as per the itinerary. Getting around From this option, you will get all the information about the public transportations, traffic, driving, and much more. This one compiles all the information that needs to be done for a trip in one place. Click Here for New Smartphones Best Online Deals Stay tuned to GizBot for more updates! Read More About google | apps | android | iOS | smartphones | news Story first published: Wednesday, March 15, 2017, 20:00 [IST] Other articles published on Mar 15, 2017 Please Wait while comments are loading... itel Wish A41, 4G VoLTE smartphone is out: Specs, price, and more Amazon may soon bring AR and VR to homeware stores Telenor launches new plan to attract more users Featured Posts RECOMMENDEDEDITOR'S PICK Samsung to offer free gifts with Galaxy S8 in some countries Sony Xperia XZs to be launched on April 4 in India Google Home to be available in UK from April 6th for Rs. 10,500 OPPO F3 Plus is the true example of premium craftsmanship Next round of sale of airwaves should ideally be scheduled in 2018 Apple veteran joining Oculus to lead VR team Truecaller partners with Airtel, ICICI, and Google Duo Moto G5 to be launched in India on April 4 Xiaomi Mi Mix Lite, a budget phone reportedly on the cards Sharp Aquos phone with bezel-less display looks gorgeous Opinion Poll 34,688 Followers 13,012 Followers 1,41,901 Followers 7,506 Followers GET OUR TOP TECH STORIES DELIVERED TO YOUR INBOX FOR FREE Do not Disturb Gizbot in Other Languages বাংলা ગુજરાતી हिन्दी ಕನ್ನಡ മലയാളം தமிழ் తెలుగు Explore Gizbot News Gear Tablet Laptop Mobile Gadgets Features How-To Computer Gadget Finder Other Greynium Sites Oneindia Filmibeat Boldsky Drivespark Goodreturns Native Planet Careerindia Clickin Download Oneindia App Google Play App Store Follow Gizbot Daily Updates Get Gizbot Alerts Get Push Notifications About Us | Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | Newsletters | Apps | RSS | Advertise with Us | Work for Us | Contact Us | Site Feedback | Sitemap © Greynium Information Technologies Pvt. Ltd. All Rights Reserved.
Skip to Main Content Site Map Marketwired Français Media Partners About Us Blog Facebook Twitter YouTube LinkedIn Google+ Search Site News Products Marketwired Resonate Marketwired Influencers News Distribution IR/PR Newsroom (Impress) Media Database (Mediahub) Powered by Sysomos Request a Demo Solutions Public Relations Investor Relations Small Business Newsroom All News Headlines Only Advanced Search RSS Newsfeeds Hot Off the Wire Personal Beat CASL Compliance Resources Brochures Case Studies E-Books / Tip Sheets Webinars / Videos Contact Us Our Locations Become a Media Partner Become a Channel Partner Request More Information Request a Demo Sign In Where would you like to sign in? My Marketwired Account Personal Beat Marketwired Resonate Hot Off the Wire News Dashboard 2.0 Mediahub Register for a Marketwired Account News Room Print Friendly Share SOURCE: The Tech Museum of Innovation March 23, 2017 17:16 ET Thousands of students engage in STEM thanks to Google's Field Trip Days at The Tech SAN JOSE, CA--(Marketwired - March 23, 2017) - About 9,000 students and educators from underserved schools visited The Tech Museum of Innovation as part of Google's Field Trip Days program in a three-year partnership to excite more kids about science, technology, engineering and math (STEM). Thousands of students came to the San Jose institution this month for a hands-on science lab; exhibits about bioengineering, cyber security and robotic coding; an educational IMAX film and the opportunity to discover their own problem-solving potential. This is the third year the Mountain View company has covered the cost of field trips to The Tech for students from schools in low-income neighborhoods. Google's sponsorship pays for transportation, museum admission, a science lab, an IMAX film and lunch for students whose schools otherwise might not be able to visit The Tech. "This may be the only opportunity these students have to engage with science and engineering outside of the classroom. At The Tech, they will experience their creative power to use technology to solve problems, and this might change not only their self-concept but their life's trajectory. We're grateful for the support of Silicon Valley tech giants like Google to make these days possible," said Tim Ritchie, president and CEO of The Tech. Students use real lab equipment to make colorful mixes of DNA, create bricks made with mycelium or mushroom root as a sustainable building material, and learn the basics of circuitry while building a robot. All exhibits and programs at The Tech are built to help visitors of all ages and backgrounds learn to use technology to solve pressing problems. In-depth science labs allow students to explore and innovate in a hands-on way that also supports Next Generation Science Standards and Common Core State Standards. About The Tech Museum of Innovation The Tech is a hands-on technology and science museum for people of all ages and backgrounds. The museum -- located in the Capital of Silicon Valley -- is a non-profit experiential learning resource established to engage people in exploring and experiencing applied technologies affecting their lives. Through programs such as The Tech Challenge, our annual team-design competition for youth, and internationally renowned programs such as The Tech Awards, The Tech endeavors to inspire the innovator in everyone. Image Available: http://www.marketwire.com/library/MwGo/2017/3/22/11G133864/Images/G133864_Google_Field_Trips_16.03.09_SELECTS_Low_Re-03353366d72e8f76b9f1cd64d53f267d.jpg Image Available: http://www.marketwire.com/library/MwGo/2017/3/22/11G133864/Images/G133864_Google_Field_Trips_16.03.09_SELECTS_Low_Re-9c2f39806ae9a98fa34e6d5192ac4113.jpg Image Available: http://www.marketwire.com/library/MwGo/2017/3/22/11G133864/Images/G133864_Google_Field_Trips_16.03.09_SELECTS_Low_Re-aac11371e5e2ba078c148868c5485b3b.jpg Image Available: http://www.marketwire.com/library/MwGo/2017/3/22/11G133864/Images/G133864_Google_Field_Trips_2015-03-11-Low_Res_pic--b7e0792a520498e0b5c8ef32911b196a.jpg Image Available: http://www.marketwire.com/library/MwGo/2017/3/22/11G133864/Images/G133864_Google_Field_Trips_2015-03-11-Low_Res_pic--857e4085fe6c9b8f8e682f3c19af59ce.jpg Contact Information Media Contact: Marika E. Krause PR Manager The Tech mkrause@thetech.org 408-591-0027 Print Friendly Share News Room   View Related News About this company The Tech Museum of Innovation From this industry Education and Training Lifestyle and Leisure Professional Services Sports Travel and Hospitality From this sub-industry Education Aids and Products Schools and Courses, Colleges/Universities Family Recreation Engineering Non Profits Individuals and Teams Tourism See all RSS Newsfeeds   Multimedia Students participate in a design challenge to create a wind-powered vehicle at a Google Field Trip Day at The Tech. View Image Nearly 9 thousand students and educators participated in field trips to The Tech thanks for a three-year program sponsored by Google. View Image Students learn about the human body on a high-tech virtual dissection table while on a field trip to The Tech, sponsored by Google. View Image Students watch an education IMAX film as part of Google Field Trip Days at The Tech. View Image Students get ready to participate in a lab about physics by building roller coasters at The Tech Museum of Innovation. View Image   About Marketwired   Marketwired News   Community Builders Privacy Site Map Accessibility Products   Marketwired Resonate   Marketwired Influencers   News Distribution   IR/PR Newsroom (Impress)   Media Database (Mediahub) Resources   Brochures   Case Studies   E-Books / Tip Sheets   Webinars / Videos Newsroom   All News   Headlines Only   Advanced Search   RSS Newsfeeds   Hot Off the Wire   Personal Beat   CASL Compliance Connect With Us Facebook Twitter YouTube LinkedIn Google+ MARKETWIRED IS NOW PART OF NASDAQ Copyright ©2016 Nasdaq, Inc. All rights reserved. Legal You are using an outdated browser For a better experience using this site, please upgrade to a modern web browser.
clock menu more-arrow Log In or Sign Up Log In Sign Up Tech Science Culture Cars Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker Forums TL;DR more Tech Apple Google Microsoft Apps Photography Virtual Reality Business Design All Tech Science Space Energy Health Environment All Science Culture Web TV Film Games Comics Music All Culture Cars Ride-Sharing Cars Mass Transit Aviation Rideables All Transportation Reviews Phones Laptops Cameras Tablets Headphones Smartwatches VR Headsets This is my Next All Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker Forums TL;DR ✕ Google Tech Google and Howard University launch residency program for black engineers by Jacob Kastrenakes Mar 23, 2017, 4:49pm EDT share tweet Linkedin Photo by Alex Wong / Getty Images Google has partnered with Howard University to launch a school branch right on the company’s campus, where undergraduate students will have a chance to learn from Google engineers in addition to the university’s own faculty. The new campus, called Howard West, “is now the centerpiece of Google’s effort to recruit more black software engineers from historically black colleges and universities,” says Bonita Stewart, Google’s VP of global partnerships, who is herself a Howard graduate. “Howard West will produce hundreds of industry-ready Black computer science graduates.” Juniors and seniors in Howard’s computer science program will be able to study at Howard West for a three-month period; the university says they’ll be provided with “a generous stipend to cover housing and other expenses in Silicon Valley,” which will be paid for by Howard and private donors. Students will also earn school credit. Engineers will have to apply and be accepted to the program. It’ll begin with somewhere between 25 to 30 students this summer, with the figure increasing in future semesters. Howard says that it expects 740 students to go through the program within the next five years. The program will expand over time and eventually open enrollment to computer science students from other historically black colleges and universities. “Howard West will produce hundreds of industry-ready Black computer science graduates, future leaders with the power to transform the global technology space into a stronger, more accurate reflection of the world around us,” Howard University president Wayne A.I. Frederick says in a statement. Stewart says the goal for Google is to connect Howard students with mentors and to help remove systemic barriers that prevent black engineers from getting jobs in tech. Google’s diversity figures are still terrible This is a big issue right now for Google — not to mention the rest of Silicon Valley. Only 2 percent of Google’s employees are black, and black engineers represent only 1 percent of Google’s tech employees. That’s obviously far from properly representing the United States’ diversity, and Google has been clear about wanting to improve. Google and other companies also put themselves at a disadvantage by having such a homogeneous workforce. Studies (and common sense) have shown that diverse groups have better decision-making abilities, and that can help companies like Google create better products and services and avoid terrible errors like this. But there’s a wide variety of systemic issues that continue to hurt black engineers’ chances at a job. Google can address some of these on its own; and with partnerships like this one with Howard, it can help more aspiring engineers end up in the kind of positions they’ve been studying for. More From The Verge The Hawai’ian volcano that created a spectacular firehose of lava just collapsed Apple, Facebook, Google, and 94 others file opposition to Trump's immigration ban Google’s Super Bowl ad accidentally set off a lot of Google Homes Lady Gaga opened her Super Bowl performance with a protest anthem Trump is turning Elon Musk into a crony capitalist Why the sounds of eating make some people so angry Now Trending Elon Musk launches Neuralink, a venture to merge the human brain with AI Rockets, cars, and now brain chips The Galaxy S8 will be Samsung's biggest test ever Everything to prove, everything to lose Apple is upgrading millions of iOS devices to a new modern file system today Command Line Command Line delivers daily updates from the near-future. email address... Subscribe By signing up you agree to our terms of use. This Article has a component height of 14. The sidebar size is medium. The Latest Hackers promised an iCloud apocalypse — but probably can't deliver by Russell Brandom Harvest your pet’s fur and wear it as a watch band by Ashley Carman 1 comment / new Trump trades the planet for a few coal jobs in a doomed industry by Alessandra Potenza 26 comments / new The real story behind Stories is advertising by Nilay Patel 5 comments / new With S-Town, the makers of Serial test the waters of binge-listening by Andrew Liptak Excel for Windows now supports real-time multi-author editing by Natt Garun 8 comments / new Chorus Terms of Use Privacy Policy Communications Preferences Contact Tip Us Community Guidelines About Ethics Statement All Systems Operational Check out our status page for more details. Vox Media Advertise with us Jobs @ Vox Media © 2017 Vox Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved tweet share
Please enable javascript for best view and rich features! Please Try again! Login / Register | Logout Gizmodo Indiamodo News Gadgets Science Design Software WTF Gallery Gizmodo X Login / Register | Logout Indiamodo News Gadgets Science Design Software WTF Gallery Google Says Its Job Is to Promote Climate Change Conspiracy Theories William Turton | Gawker MediaMar 24, 2017, 01.40 AM IST FacebookTwitterGoogle+LinkedinReddit googleImage Credit Continue reading Yesterday, I wrote a short post about Google's Top Stories module. If you googled "great barrier reef" on Wednesday, you'd be presented with a Breitbart article filled with insane ravings about how climate change isn't real, featured at the very top in the site's highlighted "Top Stories" box. When I went to the company's press team to see what was up, they assured me it was perfectly normal for an article written by a noted climate change denier to get pinned to the top of Google's results. In fact, a Google spokesperson told me via email that the job of a search engine is to present a range of news and views from across the spectrum. In theory, that sounds great, but maybe there should be an exception carved out for complete nonsense on climate science? If Google serves a climate denying Breitbart article within its search results, that's fine. At a very basic level, the Google search engine works by crawling and indexing the web, and does its best to present relevant links based on the search query. If some insane conspiracy is added to the results as a product of crawling the web, I can live with that. But presenting baseless climate lies in the sectioned off Top Stories module, something Google has complete control over, gives the article an appearance of credibility it certainly doesn't deserve. Google's defense of the story appearing in the Top Stories module was that it appears alongside other points of view. Unfortunately for Google, what's happening in Australia's Great Barrier Reef isn't exactly a point of view, but more of a consensus among scientists and climate experts. It's irresponsible for Google to carelessly attach some implicit credibility to a story that is pushing bullshit climate denial. Even more unfortunate is the fact that the president of the country Google is headquartered in has employed former Breitbart executive chair Steve Bannon as his chief strategist, and an increasing number of Americans are reading the website's toxic untruths as fact. The company has a lot of responsibility here, and it has tried to shed virtually all of it. Google should make the legitimately difficult but correct decision to filter out climate denial from its Top Stories module. It is simply the right thing to do, and Google knows it. Google can present whatever range of views it pleases, but pushing climate change denial goes beyond that, reaching into the territory of active harm. There are some things in this world that are simply just true, and climate change is one of them. Climate change also happens to be one of the greatest threats to the world at large, and at the very least, Google, as one of the world's biggest information providers, could do a good job by not highlighting falsehoods about it. In November, Google CEO Sundar Pichai said that it was important that services like Google promote accurate stories , saying, "From our perspective, there should just be no situation where fake news gets distributed . " Not promoting lies about climate science might be a good place to start. FacebookTwitterGoogle+LinkedinReddit Tags: Googlesilicon valley cowardiceClimate ChangeBreitbart Follow Gizmodo onfacebookLiketwitterFollowgplusFollow Contribute to GizmodoWrite for Us Next Story The Greatest Scientific Breakthrough of Our Time Is This Drip-Free Wine Bottle More from this author Theranos Offers More Worthless Stock to Investors Who Pinky Swear Not to Sue Google Top Stories Serves Breitbart Bullshit on Climate Science Related stories Know how Google Earth Timelapse allows you to turn back the clock on climate change Google Top Stories Serves Breitbart Bullshit on Climate Science Climate Change Is Melting Christmas :( Climate Change Doomed the Mammoths Weather Channel Brutally Owns Breitbart Climate change has negative impact on human health FROM THE WEB John F Kennedy Quiz: How Much Do You REALLY Know About JFK? HowStuffWorks Quizzes The Inside Of Leonardo Dicaprio's House Is Far From What Y.. Lonny Angelina Jolie's New Go-To Travel Shoe Is Surprisingly Aff.. Vogue | Everlane There Are 7 Types of Irish Last Names - Which One Is Yours? Ancestry Here’s Why Guys Are Obsessed With This Underwear… The Weekly Brief | Mack Weldon Let's Find Your Perfect Jeep Wrangler Edmunds MORE FROM GIZMODO New up-close image of Jupiter 32% Indian professionals land job via social networks: Link New Facebook tool curbs sharing fake news Uranus Is a Wonderland and We Should Go There You Can Download Night Shift For MacOS For Free Right Now The Most NSFW Site to Stream Every Star Wars Movie Is Pornh You May Like The Hottest Senior Living Communities Of 2017. View Pricin.. Ad: Senior Apartments Offers The Most Addictive Game Of The Year! Ad: Forge Of Empires - Free Online Game Bill Gates Lives In A Massive House That Goes Beyond Human.. Ad: Credit Tips Today Save $200 On The Amazingly Light & Versatile ThinkPad X1 Y.. Ad: Microsoft Only 1 in 10 Americans Can Pass This U.s. History Quiz Ad: Topix Offbeat Look No Further, Here Are The Top Sedans For 2016 Ad: VoteItUp Referrals Editor's Pick 6 Serious Grooming Mistakes Men Make ... Why Progressive Web Apps could be a threat to mobile apps ... Planning to cut the cord this summer? 10 reasons why you shouldn't bother ... Hot Right Now Report: Sad Brexit Loser David Cameron Encouraged London Mayor to Drop Uber Regulations 6 Home Renos that Can Devalue a Home Ad: Bankrate You Can Download Night Shift For MacOS For Free Right Now Days After London Terror Attack, the UK Government Is Already Going After WhatsApp's Encryption Mice Have Been Mooching off Humans For an Astounding 15,000 Years New Up-Close Image of Jupiter Is So Hypnotic It Hurts Americans Have Somehow Helped the Environment Without Even Trying Intel Claims Its Magical New Memory Will Speed Your Computer Up for Cheap Samsung's New iPad Pro Is Just Fantastic Largest-Ever Dinosaur Footprint Found in Australia's Jurassic Park Like what you see? Keep up with the latest by following us on and subscribe to our Daily Newsletter Trending on social Xiaomi announces second manufacturing plant in India ... Psoriasis: What Triggers Symptoms and How Are They Treated.. Ad: WebMD Apple launches new affordable iPad, Special Edition (RED) iPhone 7 and doubles memory of ... Redmi 4A review: Xiaomi's chubby little beast is budget Android on steroids ... Learn at Coursera Master Business Fundamentals from Wharton Leadership and Business Skill for Immediate Impact Take Big Data from University of California San DiegoMore » Gadgets Now Shop Apple iPhone 6 - 32GB (Space Grey) ₹ 29990BUYiOS 10, 8MP Cam, 4G Asus ZenFone 3S Max ZC521TL - 3GB (Black) ₹ 14999BUY3GB RAM, 5000mAh Apple iPhone 7 - 256GB (Black) ₹ 67999BUY256 GB ROM, 12MP Cam The Greatest Scientific Breakthrough of Our Time Is This Drip-Free Wine Bottle Que le pasaria a tu cuerpo si te acercas demasiado a una estrella de neutrones Two-Thirds of All Cancer Mutations Are 'Unavoidable,' Scientists Claim Important People Decided It Was Time for Some New Clouds It Sure Looks Like That Viral 'Trump Cat' Site Is a Massive Troll Smog-Filtering Screens Will Make Our Polluted Future Slightly More Tolerable Insane Light System Blasts the Energy of 10,000 Suns The Last Scrap of the North American Ice Sheet Is Melting 10 Things I Managed to Do With the $250 Computer From Hell 1Google Says Its Job Is to Promote Climate Change Conspiracy Theories 2The Greatest Scientific Breakthrough of Our Time Is This Drip-Free Wine Bottle 3Que le pasaria a tu cuerpo si te acercas demasiado a una estrella de neutrones 4Two-Thirds of All Cancer Mutations Are 'Unavoidable,' Scientists Claim 5Important People Decided It Was Time for Some New Clouds 6It Sure Looks Like That Viral 'Trump Cat' Site Is a Massive Troll 7Smog-Filtering Screens Will Make Our Polluted Future Slightly More Tolerable 8Insane Light System Blasts the Energy of 10,000 Suns 9The Last Scrap of the North American Ice Sheet Is Melting 1010 Things I Managed to Do With the $250 Computer From Hell About | Privacy | Write For Us | Contact | Authors | Terms of Use and Grievance Redressal Policy | Gizmodo US | RSS TIMES GLOBAL PARTNERS Times Global Partners is an initiative focused on partnering with Established and Emerging Global Digital Companies for growing their presence and business in India through growth in their Brand, audience, adoption, distribution and monetization. Copyright @ 2017. Times Internet Limited. All rights reserved.For reprint rights. Times Syndication Service.
Machine Learning Superstar Andrew Ng Moving On   Login Register Edit Profile Change Region About Us   Home News Artificial Intelligence Main Menu Home Book Reviews Book Watch News Projects The Core Babbage's Bag History Swift's Spreadsheets The Stone Tapes Professional Programmer eBooks Programmer Puzzles Bargain Computer Books CodeBin I Programmer Weekly New Articles! Android Adventures - The ConstraintLayout Getting Started with jQuery UI Insider's Guide To Udacity Android Developer Nanodegree A Programmer's Guide To Octave Password Cracking RAR Archives With Perl Programming - A Life Long Challenge Android Adventures - Building The UI Constraint Layout In Android Studio 2.3 Sergei Lebedev and Early Russian computers jQuery 3 - Animation HTML5/CSS Layout AWS Lambda For The Impatient Part 3 How Not To Shuffle - The Knuth Fisher-Yates Algorithm Getting Started With Google's Android Things - Preview 2 Getting Started With QUnit Testing Predix IoT for Developers New Book Reviews! Spark In Action, 2nd Edition Beginning Android Programming with Android Studio, 4th Ed Big Data Made Easy Introduction to Machine Learning with Python Learning R A Programmer's Guide to Java SE 8 Oracle Certified Associate (OCA) Doing Data Science Software Design Decoded: 66 Ways Experts Think Becoming a Better Programmer Excel 2016 Programming Pocket Primer Professional Hadoop App Inventor 2 Essentials Expert Android Studio Murach's Python Programming Being Agile Popular Articles Arrays in Python Android Adventures - Getting Started With Android Studio 2.2 Can You Do The Regular Expression Crossword? Getting started with Excel VBA Beautiful Architecture JavaScript Data Structures - Associative Array A Worm's Mind In A Lego Body Using the WPF .NET 4.0 DataGrid Data structures - Trees Sorting algorithms as dances Dumping .NET - Microsoft's Madness Weak typing - the lost art of the keyboard Online regular expression generator A Better Way To Program A Crab-Based Computer The Mod Function Machine Learning Superstar Andrew Ng Moving On Written by Sue Gee    Thursday, 23 March 2017 Having been Chief Scientist at Baidu for almost 3 years, Andrew Ng now plans to leave. He hasn't made his future plans explicit, other than to continue working in AI and to "keep working hard to get AI to help everyone". We tend to carry news of language updates than career moves but this is the second time we have reported that Andrew Ng is steering his course in a new direction. It was in May 2014 that we covered his move from Google to Baidu, where he was to oversee the work of three research labs under the umbrella of Baidu Research: the Beijing Deep Learning Lab (formerly known as the Institute of Deep Learning); the Beijing Big Data Lab and the newly founded  Silicon Valley AI Lab.  My comment then was: Ng has the obvious track record to take on this role. Born in the UK and having studied Computer Science in the USA, at Carnegie Mellon University (CMU) as an undergraduate, Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT) for his masters  degree and at the University of California, Berkeley for his PhD, he is Chinese by nationality.  Now at the age of 40 Andrew Ng has a most impressive CV. As well as his work with Baidu and Google, he is adjunct professor (formerly associate professor) at Stanford University and the co-founder and chairman of Coursera, where his own MOOC on Machine Learning still runs and has the distinction of having the Class Central Course Rank #1 in both Artificial Intelligence and Computer Science based on student reviews and being high, currently #2 in the league table of the Top 50 MOOCs Ever. in terms of numbers of enrolled students.   Andrew Ng broke news of his imminent departure from Baidu on Twitter referring those interested to a longer explanation on Medium.       In the Medium article, he states that since he joined Baidu the company's AI group has grown to roughly 1,300 people including 300 in Baidu Research. To highlight the success of his 3-year tenure of his appointment he writes: Our AI software is used every day by hundreds of millions of people. We have had tremendous revenue and product impact, through the many dozens of AI projects that support our existing businesses in search, advertising, maps, take-out delivery, voice search, security, consumer finance and many more. We have also used AI to develop new lines of business. My team birthed one new business unit per year each of the last two years: autonomous driving and the DuerOS Conversational Computing platform. We are also incubating additional promising technologies, such as face-recognition (used in turnstiles that open automatically when an authorized person approaches), Melody (an AI-powered conversational bot for healthcare) and several more. As the principal architect of Baidu’s AI strategy, I am proud to have led the incredible rise of AI within the company. Having claimed these personal achievements he also acknowledges: Robin Li was the first large company CEO to clearly see the value of deep learning, and remains globally one of the best AI CEOs. He also refers to three recent appointments at Baidu: COO Lu Qi is a seasoned business executive with significant experience in AI; with his leadership, AI at Baidu will flourish.  Wang Haifeng, the new head of the AI Group, is a fantastic researcher and technology leader; his leadership firmly positions the team for future greatness. Lin Yuanqing, our newly appointed head of Baidu Research, is a brilliant technology and business leader, who is creating both great AI technologies and great business results.      Whether this emphasis on business and technology has prompted Ng's unexpected departure is only speculation but his personal statement suggests that Ng wants to concentrate on AI's potential for bringing about the betterment of mankind with the top highlight of his medium article being: Just as electricity transformed many industries roughly 100 years ago, AI will also now change nearly every major industry — healthcare, transportation, entertainment, manufacturing — enriching the lives of countless people. I am more excited than ever about where AI can take us. The subsequent paragraphs emphasize the twin ideas of "AI to improve society" and "the democratization of AI".   As the founding lead of the Google Brain project, and more recently through my role at Baidu, I have played a role in the transformation of two leading technology companies into “AI companies.” But AI’s potential is far bigger than its impact on technology companies. I will continue my work to shepherd in this important societal change. In addition to transforming large companies to use AI, there are also rich opportunities for entrepreneurship as well as further AI research. I want all of us to have self-driving cars; conversational computers that we can talk to naturally; and healthcare robots that understand what ails us. The industrial revolution freed humanity from much repetitive physical drudgery; I now want AI to free humanity from repetitive mental drudgery, such as driving in traffic. This work cannot be done by any single company — it will be done by the global AI community of researchers and engineers. My Machine Learning MOOC on Coursera helped many people enter AI. In addition to working on AI myself, I will also explore new ways to support all of you in the global AI community, so that we can all work together to bring this AI-powered society to fruition.  I am more optimistic than ever about the fantastic future we will build with AI. Lets keep working hard to get AI to help everyone! Baidu also used social media to respond to the news posting on its official Weibo account, China’s answer to Twitter: “Andrew joined Baidu because of our shared pursuit for the future of AI. We still have this goal, which is to push forward the development of AI and make life in the future more beautiful. Despite our regrets, we send our thanks and blessings! We wish Andrew even greater success in the future, and hope all goes well!” Twitter is also the source of another reaction to Ng's resignation, namely a sharp fall  in Baidu's share price on the Nasdaq:     It will be interesting to see where Ng chooses to go next. He is bound to get plenty of offers and can no doubt afford to be choosey about where to devote his efforts.     More Information  Opening a new chapter of my work in AI by Andrew Ng     Related Articles Baidu Hires Andrew Ng  Top CS MOOCs By the Numbers Coursera's Machine Learning Course Runs Again AI With The Best Online With Geoffrey Hinton  AI Goes Open Source To The Tune Of $1 Billion    To be informed about new articles on I Programmer, sign up for our weekly newsletter, subscribe to the RSS feed and follow us on, Twitter, Facebook, Google+ or Linkedin. Top 10 From Around The Web: AngularJS Web Development Resources 03/03/2017 The I-Programmer team reports a lot of news and originates loads of helpful articles, but there's far more out there than we can possibly cover. So from time to time we trawl through other people's  [ ... ] + Full Story //No Comment - Trojan of Things, Disk LEDs Leak Data & So Do Phone Magnetometers 02/03/2017 • Trojan of Things: Embedding Malicious NFC Tags into Common Objects  • LED-it-GO: Leaking (a lot of) Data from Air-Gapped Computers via the (small) Hard Drive LED • Mobile Phone Identifi [ ... ] + Full Story More News Amazon Offering More Incentives For Alexa Skills Stack Overflow: A Code Laundering Platform? Guetzli Makes JPEGs Smaller Registration Open For Code Jam 2017 //No Comment - Language Rankings 2017, APL 1.7 & Rust 1.16 Android Studio 2.3 - In Need Of Direction Free Python Courses From Alison Google Home Voice Ad Causes A Reaction Apache Kafka Adds New Streams API Pi Zero Wireless A $10 Birthday Present Visual Studio 2017 Released Microsoft Edge Falls Victim At Pwn2Own Google Now Helps You Search For || And More Last Updated ( Thursday, 23 March 2017 )     Follow @Iprogrammerinfo     RSS feed of news items only Copyright © 2017 i-programmer.info. All Rights Reserved. Joomla! is Free Software released under the GNU/GPL License. Powered by Joomla!. ValidXHTML andCSS.
Skip to main content The Meeting Place of Intelligent Business NBR VIEW In a Nutshell Masters of Business Radio Print Edition Business Banking & Finance Property Ad/Media Politics Tech Law & Courts Motoring Arts & Film Rich List Markets Appointments Poll Results Search form Search Home Meet Our Journos Advertise Help Contact Special Reports Subscribe Search Log in Log in NBR VIEW In a Nutshell Masters of Business Radio Print Edition Business Banking & Finance Property Ad/Media Politics Tech Law & Courts Motoring Arts & Film Rich List Markets Appointments Poll Results . Google uses home page to sell Star Wars: Rogue One to Kiwis Chris Keall Friday March 24, 2017 Share Feel the Google Related Audio: Being 'a digital DVD store of the 21st century' has it's advantages, says Good TV's Nick Hitchins (Mar 10) Play Log in or subscribe to listen to audio. Pause Add to MyNBR Radio 0 0:00 0:10 Play NBR radio on SKTadd to my Stocks SKT Sky TV $3.800 0.020 0.524% Volume: 3,639,041 It’s only one little line of text but it could signal big trouble for media players. This morning on Google, on its usually sacrosanct search home page, New Zealanders see a promo to by Star Wars: Rogue One on Google Play. I bought it to see how it would go with Chromecast streaming to a regular TV in HD. Answer: Fine (and followers of the profit-shifting debate will be interested to know the emailed invoice showed I had been charged by Google Ireland). Google Play has offered video content for sale for years, and since early last year, Google has been experimenting with the pay-per-month streaming service YouTube Red in the US, Australia and New Zealand. But so far, it’s been softly-softly stuff; most Kiwis probably don’t even know Play and Red exist. Today, it seems Google is ready to go more on the front foot. The news comes on the heels of Facebook’s announcement that it will release an Apple TV app for its video service, and negotiate content deals with film and television studios, plus Amazon’s recent expansion of its Prime streaming service into New Zealand. Despite predictions of consolidation, viewers’ on-demand options are actually growing. Quickflix refuses to die, and even small players are getting in on the act like Good TV, which recently won (non-exclusive) rights to stream NBCUniversal content to Kiwis. It’s not clear if anyone can succeed in the cruel, low-margin world of streaming video (dubbed a “mutual suicide pact” by Sky boss John Fellet), where even Netflix loses money on its core business. But Google’s growing assertiveness is yet another problem for everyone from TVNZ to the likes of Sky TV’s Neon and Spark’s Lightbox. A possible death-by-1000-cuts scenario looms. Read more from Chris Keall Email Chris: ckeall@nbr.co.nz Follow @@ChrisKeall Got a question about this story? Leave it in Comments & Questions below. This article is tagged with the following keywords. Find out more about MyNBR Tags Technology streaming SVOD Google Sky TV Related Articles:  Facebook: In the fight for TV's future, the sleeping giant just woke up Fri 17 Feb 17 Paid content Kiwi business strikes video content deal with Hollywood behemoth Fri 10 Mar 17 Paid content Roy Morgan takes stab at Netflix NZ, Lightbox, Neon viewing numbers Tue 7 Mar 17 5 Paid content Spark-Netflix deal could backfire: lawyer Tue 28 Feb 17 9 Comments & Questions Commenter icon key: Subscriber Verified Post New comment or question Your name Comment * More information about text formats Plain text No HTML tags allowed. Web page addresses and e-mail addresses turn into links automatically. Lines and paragraphs break automatically. Home page NZ Market Snapshot Forex Sym Price Change USD 0.7013 -0.0033 -0.47% AUD 0.9177 -0.0061 -0.66% EUR 0.6491 0.0004 0.06% GBP 0.5634 0.0023 0.41% HKD 5.4475 -0.0253 -0.46% JPY 77.9120 -0.1270 -0.16% Commods Commodity Price Change Time Gold Index 1255.3 10.480 2017-03-27T00: Oil Brent 50.8 -0.070 2017-03-27T00: Oil Nymex 47.7 -0.290 2017-03-27T00: Silver Index 18.1 0.360 2017-03-27T00: Indices Symbol Open High Last % NZX 50 7062.7 7068.9 7062.7 0.04% NASDAQ 5836.5 5888.7 5840.4 0.64% DAX 12062.7 12158.7 11996.1 1.28% DJI 20542.1 20735.6 20551.0 0.76% FTSE 7293.5 7349.6 7293.5 0.68% HKSE 24329.2 24360.0 24193.7 0.63% NI225 19159.1 19203.6 18985.6 1.14% ASX 5746.7 5821.2 5746.7 1.30% Most Popular Read Toronto filing indicates 2degrees might have finally made a profit: analyst One law for urban planning and RMA – Productivity Commission MARKET CLOSE: NZ shares edge up; Air NZ rises while A2, Spark drop While you were sleeping: Wall St regroups NZ dollar falls after jump in US consumer confidence that may signal economic pickup Commented Stakes are too high not to have an inquiry on Hager book allegations Defence Force confirms people killed but Hager's book got claims wrong GeoOp sounds out investor interest for ASX listing China FTA upgrade talks to begin next month Are the Greens going too far right? Shaw answers Bradford Most listened to What's the story behind the story? Our special feature audio offers a mix of comment from journalists, experts and panel discussions. NBR's Chris Keall analyses 2degrees figures Craigs' analyst Adrian Allbon on the outlook for Synlait Milk NBR's Rob Hosking tries to untangle the goodies from the baddies in the Hit & Run saga NZ Investors Federation boss Andrew King says cutbacks in investor lending will hurt those renting due to tight supply Nevil Gibson argues New Zealand deserves better from two of its credit rating agencies Only available on Previous article TeamTalk puts the kibosh on Spark bid with $10m Vodafone deal Vodafone selected for GCSB's Cortex malware disruption pilot Next article Downer raises A$757 million from institutional entitlement offer No evidence of Apple tax rort Features NBR Rich List Full results and analysis of the 2016 NBR Rich List People Scene Catching people out and about Appointments People in business NBR Special Report Our reporters examine what’s happening in industry sectors The Meeting Place of Intelligent Business Home Meet Our Journos Advertise Help Contact Special Reports Subscribe Search Log in Log in Share Copyright Notice Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions RSS feeds Share width="1" height="1" alt="" /> Google uses home page to sell Star Wars: Rogue One to Kiwis
March 28, 2017 | 79° | Check Traffic Subscribe Customer Service Print Replica LOG IN Search for: Home Top News Local Sports Crave Features Business Editorial Obits Homes Cars Jobs Classifieds Search for: LOG IN SUBSCRIBE 2016 Election Results Archives Columnists TGIF Video Photo Galleries Hawaii Prep World Hawaii Warrior World Blogs Travel Religion Hokulea Merrie Monarch Movie Listings TV Week Corrections Dining Out Hawaii Renovation Special Sections Honolulu Street Pulse Home 2016 Election Results Archives Top News Local Sports Crave Business TGIF Features Editorial Religion Columnists Travel Print Replica Blogs Video Photo Galleries Hokulea Merrie Monarch Customer Service Cars Homes Classifieds Movie Listings Jobs TV Week Business Breaking Stock rally sputters after vote on health bill is delayed Associated Press Posted March 23, 2017 March 23, 2017 Updated March 23, 2017 11:00am ASSOCIATED PRESS U.S. stocks are treading water early Thursday, March 23, 2017, as investors wait for news about the fate of the Republican-backed health care bill, a centerpiece of President Donald Trump’s business-friendly agenda of cuts to taxes and regulations and greater infrastructure spending. NEW YORK >> After a promising start, U.S. stock indexes gave up an early rally and ended mostly lower today after Republicans delayed a vote on their health care and left investors concerned about delays for the business-friendly agenda of President Donald Trump. The Dow Jones industrial average rose as much as 96 points just before 1 p.m., but doubts about the bill cast a shadow over the market as hardline conservatives said they didn’t support it. Health care stocks turned lower. Elsewhere, a growing boycott of YouTube advertising hurt Alphabet, Google’s parent company. Smaller companies did better than the rest of the market and more stocks rose than fell, a sign investors are still confident in the U.S. economy. Near the close of trading, House Republican leadership postponed a vote on the American Health Care Act because of a lack of support. Conservatives and more moderate Republicans had opposing concerns about the bill, which is widely disliked by House Democrats. Jamie Cox, managing partner for Harris Financial Group, said investors are worried about how the Republican-controlled Congress and White House will come together on issues including tax reform, a debt ceiling increase, and a boost in infrastructure spending. “If the Republicans are having such a difficult time making changes to something they universally agree upon, how on earth are they going to agree on the more complicated tax cut that is coming through later in the year?” Cox asked. The Standard & Poor’s 500 index fell 2.49 points, or 0.1 percent, to 2,345.96. The Dow lost 4.72 points to 20,656.58. The Nasdaq composite slid 3.95 points, or 0.1 percent, to 5,817.69. The Russell 2000 index, which tracks smaller companies, gained 7.83 points, or 0.6 percent, to 1,353.43. Bond prices edged lower. The yield on the 10-year Treasury note, which has skidded over the last few days, rose to 2.42 percent from 2.40 percent. That modest increase gave banks and other financial companies a lift. The S&P 500 banking index had plunged 5 percent over the previous four days as bond yields and interest rates decreased. Banks turned higher on Thursday. SunTrust Banks added 67 cents, or 1.2 percent, to $54.85 and Huntington Bancshares rose 24 cents, or 1.9 percent, to $13.02. Alphabet fell as a YouTube advertising boycott spread. Companies including Johnson & Johnson, AT&T and Verizon have suspended their YouTube ad campaigns in the last week because their ads were appearing alongside offensive videos, including some that promoted terrorism. The ads are placed automatically and Google has said it will do more to block offensive videos. YouTube is one of the fastest-growing parts of Google’s ad system. Alphabet lost $10.15, or 1.2 percent, to $839.65. Technology companies lagged the rest of the market. Alphabet is the second-most valuable company on the S&P 500 after Apple. Companies that run Medicaid programs, like Centene and Molina Healthcare, stumbled in afternoon trading and health insurance companies like UnitedHealth and Humana took small losses. Drug companies also fell. Hospital operators traded higher, as did medical device makers. Cox, of Harris Financial, said stocks probably won’t fall much further if the bill ultimately fails because investors will focus on other items on Trump’s agenda. “The market doesn’t care a bit about the health care legislation,” he said. PVH, which owns Calvin Klein and Tommy Hilfiger, jumped after its fourth-quarter profit and sales topped analyst estimates. It said sales for the Hilfiger brand grew in the latest quarter and its business is doing well in spite of high discounts in the U.S. The stock gained $7.70, or 8.5 percent, to $98.55. Discount retailer Five Below also climbed after it surpassed Wall Street projections in its fourth quarter. The stock rose $4.12, or 10.8 percent, to $42.25. Retailers have struggled in recent months, but consumer-focused companies did better than the broader market on Thursday. Nike, which plunged 7 percent a day earlier, recovered $1.45, or 2.7 percent, to $55.37. U.S. crude oil lost 34 cents to $47.70 a barrel in New York. Brent crude, used to price international oils, slipped 8 cents to $50.56 a barrel in London. That pulled energy companies lower. In other energy trading, wholesale gasoline fell 1 cent to $1.59 a gallon. Heating oil lost 1 cent to$1.49 a gallon. Natural gas rose 4 cents to $3.05 per 1,000 cubic feet. Gold fell $2.50 to $1,247.20 an ounce, which ended a small five-day streak of gains. Silver rose 2 cents to $17.59 an ounce. Copper picked up 1 cent to $2.64 a pound. The dollar inched up to 111.07 yen from 110.92 yen. The euro slid to $1.0786 from $1.0798. Germany’s DAX jumped 1.1 percent and the CAC 40 in France rose 0.8 percent. Britain’s FTSE 100 index added 0.2 percent. In Japan the Nikkei 225 gained 0.2 percent. Hong Kong’s Hang Seng was flat and the South Korean Kospi gained 0.2 percent. Get the latest news by email Sign Up Share this: PREV NEXT Most Read Airline faces wrath of leggings wearers in boarding flap Red Bull heir enjoys jet-set life 4 years after hit-and-run Mariota expects to be ‘ready to go’ for training camp First-time homeowners now living their dream PR firm lays out communications plan for HPD Comments () By participating in online discussions you acknowledge that you have agreed to the TERMS OF SERVICE. An insightful discussion of ideas and viewpoints is encouraged, but comments must be civil and in good taste, with no personal attacks. If your comments are inappropriate, you may be banned from posting. Flag comments if you believe they do not follow our guidelines. Click here for more information on our commenting system. Copyright ©2017 staradvertiser.com. All rights reserved. 500 Ala Moana Blvd. #7-210, Honolulu, HI 96813 Telephone: (808) 529-4747 About Us Media Kit Advertise Privacy Policy Contact Information Terms of Service
Channel NewsAsia Return to Mobile Site J&J, JPMorgan suspend YouTube ads over offensive videos News TV Connect Watch Live 0 My Playlist Sign In Menu News Asia Pacific Singapore World Business Sport Entertainment Technology Health Lifestyle Videos Weather MORE Photos Special Reports Archives Services PSI Live Shows News Schedule Features On The Ground Specials Facebook Twitter Linkedin YouTube Mobile SMS eNews RSS Return to Mobile Site Business International Business J&J, JPMorgan suspend YouTube ads over offensive videos U.S. healthcare conglomerate Johnson & Johnson and JPMorgan Chase & Co became the latest big U.S. companies to suspend all digital advertising on Google's YouTube, over concerns that its ads may have appeared on channels that broadcast offensive videos. Posted 24 Mar 2017 04:40 A picture illustration shows a YouTube logo reflected in a person's eye, in central Bosnian town of Zenica, early June 18, 2014. REUTERS/Dado Ruvic A Johnson & Johnson building is shown in Irvine, California, U.S., January 24, 2017. REUTERS/Mike Blake prev next prev next Thumbnail Enlarge Caption  Email More A A REUTERS: U.S. healthcare conglomerate Johnson & Johnson and JPMorgan Chase & Co became the latest big U.S. companies to suspend all digital advertising on Google's YouTube, over concerns that its ads may have appeared on channels that broadcast offensive videos. Wireless carriers Verizon Communications Inc and AT&T Inc said on Wednesday they would suspend digital ads on YouTube, joining a list of well-known British brands such as retailer Marks and Spencer Group Plc that are deserting Alphabet Inc's Google. Google has come under intense scrutiny for ads appearing alongside videos on YouTube carrying homophobic or anti-Semitic messages. The company vowed an overhaul of its practices and said on Wednesday it has started an extensive review of its advertising policies. Shares of Google parent Alphabet ended down 1.2 percent, or US$10.15 per share, at US$839.65 on the New York Stock Exchange. Control over online ad placement has become a hot-button issue for advertisers, with social networks and news aggregators coming under fire during and after the U.S. presidential election for spreading fake news reports. Advertisers have also sought to avoid having their brands appear beside content that they categorize as hate speech. J&J said on Thursday it wanted to ensure that its product advertising did not appear on channels that promote "offensive content." (http://bit.ly/2nqZNJD) JPMorgan, the biggest U.S. bank by assets and the biggest issuer of general purpose credit cards, suspended all of its ads from YouTube on Thursday, according to spokeswoman Trish Wexler. The bank spends about US$3 billion on marketing each year. YouTube has been a key driver of growth for Google as its traditional business of search advertising matures. Google's net ad revenue worldwide from YouTube was US$5.58 billion last year, according to New York-based research firm eMarketer. While major brands suspending advertising on YouTube is a public relations pain for Google, the suspensions do not affect Google’s biggest ad product, search. According to eMarketer, Google’s 2017 global ad revenue is projected to be US$73.75 billion, grabbing 62 percent of the US$99.62-billion search market. Search accounts for 83 percent of Google’s overall ad revenue. The financial hit is also less certain because digital platforms tend to collect the bulk of their revenue from small-to-medium sized companies who cannot afford to buy on TV. “Digital dependence on the long-tail of advertising clients means that while major advertisers like P&G or agencies like Havas can publicly protest, they do not have the same impact on a Google or a Facebook as they have on a CBS or NBC," analysts at MoffettNathanson wrote on Thursday. "In other words, if a major brand marketer or agency moves money to TV and out of digital, the TV industry will see the benefit whereas the digital industry might not truly feel it.” (Reporting by Natalie Grover in Bengaluru and Tim Baysinger, Anjali Athavaley, David Henry and Jessica Toonkel in New York; Editing by Sai Sachin Ravikumar and Saumyadeb Chakrabarty; Editing by Nick Zieminski and Lisa Shumaker) - Reuters Email More YOU MAY ALSO LIKE From Our Website From the Web Happening Now new window view more sentifi.com Channel News Asia - Sentifi topic widget My Facebook Friends Back To Top JUMP TO Select Section Asia Pacific Singapore World Business Sport Entertainment Technology Health Lifestyle Videos Weather Photos Special Reports Archives Services PSI Navigate to: News TV Connect Watch Live GET OUR APPS iPhone/iPad Android Get Our News Facebook Twitter Linkedin YouTube Mobile SMS eNews RSS News Asia Pacific World Sport Technology Lifestyle Photos Archives Singapore Business Entertainment Health Videos Special Reports TV Live News Schedule Shows Services Weather ADVERTISE WITH US Online Mobile TV Contact Sales Channel NewsAsia Channel News Asia About Us Coverage Hotel Partners Events & Seminars Presenters & Correspondents Contact Us Mediacorp Mediacorp News Group © 2017 About Mediacorp Pte Ltd Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Back To Top
e-Edition Obituaries Special Sections Special Occasions Subscribe Paywall Login Login to Comment Register March 28th, 2017 Menu Home News Sports Business Entertainment Classifieds Commentary Contact Local News Provincial News National News World News Stock rally sputters after vote on health bill is delayed Poll Do you think the Keystone XL pipeline approved by Donald Trump will ever be completed? Yes No View Results  Loading ... Follow @LethHerald on twitter By Marley Jay, The Associated Press on March 23, 2017. FILE - In this Friday, Nov. 13, 2015, file photo, the American flag flies above the Wall Street entrance to the New York Stock Exchange. U.S. stocks are treading water early Thursday, March 23, 2017, as investors wait for news about the fate of the Republican-backed health care bill, a centerpiece of President Donald Trump's business-friendly agenda of cuts to taxes and regulations and greater infrastructure spending. (AP Photo/Richard Drew, File) NEW YORK – After a promising start, U.S. stock indexes gave up an early rally and ended mostly lower Thursday after Republicans delayed a vote on their health care and left investors concerned about delays for the business-friendly agenda of President Donald Trump. The Dow Jones industrial average rose as much as 96 points just before 1 p.m., but doubts about the bill cast a shadow over the market as hardline conservatives said they didn’t support it. Health care stocks turned lower. Elsewhere, a growing boycott of YouTube advertising hurt Alphabet, Google’s parent company. Smaller companies did better than the rest of the market and more stocks rose than fell, a sign investors are still confident in the U.S. economy. Near the close of trading, House Republican leadership postponed a vote on the American Health Care Act because of a lack of support. Conservatives and more moderate Republicans had opposing concerns about the bill, which is widely disliked by House Democrats. Jamie Cox, managing partner for Harris Financial Group, said investors are worried about how the Republican-controlled Congress and White House will come together on issues including tax reform, a debt ceiling increase, and a boost in infrastructure spending. “If the Republicans are having such a difficult time making changes to something they universally agree upon, how on earth are they going to agree on the more complicated tax cut that is coming through later in the year?” Cox asked. The Standard & Poor’s 500 index fell 2.49 points, or 0.1 per cent, to 2,345.96. The Dow lost 4.72 points to 20,656.58. The Nasdaq composite slid 3.95 points, or 0.1 per cent, to 5,817.69. The Russell 2000 index, which tracks smaller companies, gained 7.83 points, or 0.6 per cent, to 1,353.43. Bond prices edged lower. The yield on the 10-year Treasury note, which has skidded over the last few days, rose to 2.42 per cent from 2.40 per cent. That modest increase gave banks and other financial companies a lift. The S&P 500 banking index had plunged 5 per cent over the previous four days as bond yields and interest rates decreased. Banks turned higher on Thursday. SunTrust Banks added 67 cents, or 1.2 per cent, to $54.85 and Huntington Bancshares rose 24 cents, or 1.9 per cent, to $13.02. Alphabet fell as a YouTube advertising boycott spread. Companies including Johnson & Johnson, AT&T and Verizon have suspended their YouTube ad campaigns in the last week because their ads were appearing alongside offensive videos, including some that promoted terrorism. The ads are placed automatically and Google has said it will do more to block offensive videos. YouTube is one of the fastest-growing parts of Google’s ad system. Alphabet lost $10.15, or 1.2 per cent, to $839.65. Technology companies lagged the rest of the market. Alphabet is the second-most valuable company on the S&P 500 after Apple. Companies that run Medicaid programs, like Centene and Molina Healthcare, stumbled in afternoon trading and health insurance companies like UnitedHealth and Humana took small losses. Drug companies also fell. Hospital operators traded higher, as did medical device makers. Cox, of Harris Financial, said stocks probably won’t fall much further if the bill ultimately fails because investors will focus on other items on Trump’s agenda. “The market doesn’t care a bit about the health care legislation,” he said. PVH, which owns Calvin Klein and Tommy Hilfiger, jumped after its fourth-quarter profit and sales topped analyst estimates. It said sales for the Hilfiger brand grew in the latest quarter and its business is doing well in spite of high discounts in the U.S. The stock gained $7.70, or 8.5 per cent, to $98.55. Discount retailer Five Below also climbed after it surpassed Wall Street projections in its fourth quarter. The stock rose $4.12, or 10.8 per cent, to $42.25. Retailers have struggled in recent months, but consumer-focused companies did better than the broader market on Thursday. Nike, which plunged 7 per cent a day earlier, recovered $1.45, or 2.7 per cent, to $55.37. U.S. crude oil lost 34 cents to $47.70 a barrel in New York. Brent crude, used to price international oils, slipped 8 cents to $50.56 a barrel in London. That pulled energy companies lower. In other energy trading, wholesale gasoline fell 1 cent to $1.59 a gallon. Heating oil lost 1 cent to$1.49 a gallon. Natural gas rose 4 cents to $3.05 per 1,000 cubic feet. Gold fell $2.50 to $1,247.20 an ounce, which ended a small five-day streak of gains. Silver rose 2 cents to $17.59 an ounce. Copper picked up 1 cent to $2.64 a pound. The dollar inched up to 111.07 yen from 110.92 yen. The euro slid to $1.0786 from $1.0798. Germany’s DAX jumped 1.1 per cent and the CAC 40 in France rose 0.8 per cent. Britain’s FTSE 100 index added 0.2 per cent. In Japan the Nikkei 225 gained 0.2 per cent. Hong Kong’s Hang Seng was flat and the South Korean Kospi gained 0.2 per cent. ___ AP Markets Writer Marley Jay can be reached at http://twitter.com/MarleyJayAP His work can be found at http://bigstory.ap.org/journalist/marley-jay 000000 000000 Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. You must be logged in to post a comment. More ways to get to us Facebook Twitter YouTube ePaper Login Subscribe Subscription Services Archive About Us The Lethbridge Herald Other Publications Food For Thought Contact Careers Contact the Lethbridge Herald 504 - 7th Street South Lethbridge, AB T1J 3Z7 [P] (403) 328-4411 [F] (403)328-4536 Print Advertising: (403) 328-4410 National Advertising: (403) 380-7585 Online Advertising: (403) 380-7585 Classifieds: (403) 328-4433 © 1996-2017 The Lethbridge Herald, A Division of Continental Newspapers Canada Ltd. Advertising Terms and Conditions & Privacy Policy
X Edition: United States Business Business Home Legal Deals Aerospace & Defense Finance Autos Reuters Summits ADventures Data Dive Markets Markets Home U.S. Markets European Markets Asian Markets Global Market Data Stocks Bonds Currencies Commodities Futures Funds Earnings Dividends World World Home U.S. Special Reports Reuters Investigates Euro Zone Middle East China Japan Mexico Brazil Africa Russia India Politics Politics Home Polling Explorer Live: Trump's First 100 Days Supreme Court Tech Technology Home Science Top 100 Global Innovators Media Environment Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Podcasts Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingviews Video Money Money Home Retirement Lipper Awards Analyst Research Stock Screener Fund Screener Life Health Sports Arts Entertainment Oddly Enough Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video J&J latest to suspend ads from YouTube over offensive videos Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Credit RSS | Thu Mar 23, 2017 | 4:55pm EDT J&J latest to suspend ads from YouTube over offensive videos By Natalie Grover, Tim Baysinger, Anjali Athavaley and U.S. healthcare conglomerate Johnson & Johnson became the latest company to suspend all digital advertising on Google's YouTube, over concerns that its ads may have appeared on channels that broadcast offensive videos. Wireless carriers Verizon and AT&T said on Wednesday they would suspend digital ads on YouTube, joining a list of well-known British brands such as retailer Marks and Spencer Group Plc that are deserting Alphabet Inc's Google. Google has come under intense scrutiny for ads appearing alongside videos on YouTube carrying homophobic or anti-Semitic messages. The company vowed an overhaul of its practices and said on Wednesday it has started an extensive review of its advertising policies. Shares of Google parent Alphabet were down 1.3 percent, or $11.21 per share, in midday New York Stock Exchange trading. Control over online ad placement has become a hot-button issue for advertisers, with social networks and news aggregators coming under fire during and after the U.S. presidential election for spreading so-called fake news reports. Advertisers have also sought to avoid having their brands appear beside content that they categorize as hate speech. J&J said on Thursday it wanted to ensure that its product advertising did not appear on channels that promote "offensive content." (bit.ly/2nqZNJD) YouTube has been a key driver of growth for Google as its traditional business of search advertising matures. Google's net ad revenue worldwide from YouTube was $5.58 billion last year, according to New York-based research firm eMarketer. While major brands suspending advertising on YouTube is a public relations pain for Google, the suspensions do not affect Google’s biggest ad product, search. According to eMarketer, Google’s 2017 global ad revenue is projected to be $73.75 billion, grabbing 62 percent of the $99.62-billion search market. Search accounts for 83 percent of Google’s overall ad revenue. The financial hit is also less certain because digital platforms tend to collect the bulk of their revenue from small-to-medium sized companies who cannot afford to buy on TV. “Digital dependence on the long-tail of advertising clients means that while major advertisers like P&G or agencies like Havas can publicly protest, they do not have the same impact on a Google or a Facebook as they have on a CBS or NBC," analysts at MoffettNathanson wrote on Thursday. "In other words, if a major brand marketer or agency moves money to TV and out of digital, the TV industry will see the benefit whereas the digital industry might not truly feel it.” Next In Credit RSS Argentina has 'very small' budget to buy defense aircraft -minister BUENOS AIRES, March 28 Argentina has few funds available to replace an outdated military fleet beyond buying 12 Beechraft Texan aircraft to train pilots, Defense Minister Julio Martinez told Reuters on Tuesday. UPDATE 1-Germany opens new probe into suspected Turkish spying * Interior Minister says foreign espionage unacceptable (Recasts with German investigation into possible spying) MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the WebPromoted by Revcontent Trending Stories Pictures Photos of the day Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook Follow Us On RSS Follow Us On Instagram Follow Us On YouTube Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Feeds | Newsletters | Podcasts | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines | Careers Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines Cookies Terms of Use Privacy Policy
Search for: About DCK Data Center World Subscribe Events Training Main menu Skip to primary content Skip to secondary content Companies White Papers Regions Infrastructure Design Power Cooling Green Modular Data Centers DCIM InfoCenter Servers Downtime Networking Sectors Cloud Computing Big Data Bitcoin Executive Government Supercomputing / HPC Managed Hosting Colocation Storage DCIM InfoCenter Webcasts Industry Perspectives Data Center Knowledge Top Trending Articles Switch Launches Its Pyramid-Shaped Data Center in Michigan Deloitte Acquires Cloud Consulting Firm Day1 Solutions Why Microsoft Says ARM Chips Can Replace Half of Its Data Center Muscle Societe Generale Taps Amazon, Microsoft Clouds as Banks Target Costs Cisco Pushes Unique Hyperconverged Infrastructure File System Previous Article Execs: Companies Too Slow to Adopt Emerging Tech Next Article Why Isn’t Hyperconvergence Converging? Microsoft's Open Compute-inspired servers on display at the Open Compute Summit in Santa Clara in March 2017 (Photo: Yevgeniy Sverdlik) DCK, Featured Top Five Data Center Stories: Week of March 18 by Data Center Knowledge  on March 19, 2017 Add Your Comments Tweet Here are the top stories that appeared on Data Center Knowledge this week: Why Microsoft Says ARM Chips Can Replace Half of Its Data Center Muscle – This was not an announcement like the ones we’ve heard in the past from Facebook and Google – non-committal revelations that they had been testing ARM servers here and there, and that they were really always testing everything on the market, just in case. Meet Microsoft, the New Face of Open Source Data Center Hardware – If you’re running a cloud platform at Microsoft’s scale (30-plus regions around the world, with multiple data centers per region) and you want it to run on the best data center hardware, you typically design it yourself. But what if there are ideas out there — outside of your company’s bubble — that can make it even better? Google Opens a New Front in Cloud Price Wars – By constantly growing the scale of their data center infrastructure, cloud giants are able to continue lowering prices of their services as they battle for share of the enterprise cloud market. At the Google Cloud Next conference earlier this month in San Francisco Google launched the latest attack in this battle, which at least for now has a good shot at being successful. Atlanta Data Center Market Firing on All Cylinders – The demand for data center space leased from third-party landlords appears to be growing across all segments there, including: colocation and interconnection, enterprise outsourcing, cloud and hybrid IT solutions. Everything You Wanted to Know about Google Data Centers – Here it is, our newly updated Google Data Center FAQ, where you’ll find everything you ever wanted to know (and didn’t) about Google data centers but were afraid to ask. Stay current on data center industry news by subscribing to our RSS feed and daily e-mail updates, or by following us on Twitter or Facebook or join our LinkedIn Group – Data Center Knowledge Previous Article Execs: Companies Too Slow to Adopt Emerging Tech Next Article Why Isn’t Hyperconvergence Converging? Tweet Get Daily Email News from DCK!Subscribe now and get our special report, "The World's Most Unique Data Centers." Email* Country* Please select United States United Kingdom Canada India Netherlands Australia South Africa France Germany Singapore Sweden Brazil -------------- Afghanistan Åland Islands Albania Algeria American Samoa Andorra Angola Anguilla Antarctica Antigua and Barbuda Argentina Armenia Aruba Australia Austria Azerbaijan Bahamas Bahrain Bangladesh Barbados Belarus Belgium Belize Benin Bermuda Bhutan Bolivia Bosnia and Herzegovina Botswana Bouvet Island Brazil Brit/Indian Ocean Terr. Brunei Darussalam Bulgaria Burkina Faso Burundi Cambodia Cameroon Canada Cape Verde Cayman Islands Central African Republic Chad Chile China Christmas Island Cocos (Keeling) Islands Colombia Comoros Congo Congo, The Dem. Republic Of Cook Islands Costa Rica Côte d'Ivoire Croatia Cuba Cyprus Czech Republic Denmark Djibouti Dominica Dominican Republic Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Estonia Ethiopia Falkland Islands Faroe Islands Fiji Finland France French Guiana French Polynesia French Southern Terr. Gabon Gambia Georgia Germany Ghana Gibraltar United Kingdom Greece Greenland Grenada Guadeloupe Guam Guatemala Guinea Guinea-Bissau Guyana Haiti Heard/McDonald Isls. Honduras Hong Kong Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Iran Iraq Ireland Israel Italy Jamaica Japan Jordan Kazakhstan Kenya Kiribati Korea (North) Korea (South) Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Laos Latvia Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Libya Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Macau Macedonia Madagascar Malawi Malaysia Maldives Mali Malta Marshall Islands Martinique Mauritania Mauritius Mayotte Mexico Micronesia Moldova Monaco Mongolia Montserrat Morocco Mozambique Myanmar N. Mariana Isls. Namibia Nauru Nepal Netherlands Netherlands Antilles New Caledonia New Zealand Nicaragua Niger Nigeria Niue Norfolk Island Norway Oman Pakistan Palau Palestinian Territory, Occupied Panama Papua New Guinea Paraguay Peru Philippines Pitcairn Poland Portugal Puerto Rico Qatar Reunion Romania Russian Federation Rwanda Saint Kitts and Nevis Saint Lucia Samoa San Marino Sao Tome/Principe Saudi Arabia Senegal Serbia and Montenegro Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Slovak Republic Slovenia Solomon Islands Somalia South Africa Spain Sri Lanka St. Helena St. Pierre and Miquelon St. Vincent and Grenadines Sudan Suriname Svalbard/Jan Mayen Isls. Swaziland Sweden Switzerland Syria Taiwan Tajikistan Tanzania Thailand Timor-Leste Togo Tokelau Tonga Trinidad and Tobago Tunisia Turkey Turkmenistan Turks/Caicos Isls. Tuvalu Uganda Ukraine United Arab Emirates United States US Minor Outlying Is. Uruguay Uzbekistan Vanuatu Vatican City Venezuela Viet Nam Virgin Islands (British) Virgin Islands (U.S.) Wallis/Futuna Isls. Western Sahara Yemen Zambia Zimbabwe Enter your email to receive messages about offerings by Penton, its brands, affiliates and/or third-party partners, consistent with Penton's Privacy Policy. About the Author Data Center Knowledge (206 Posts) Data Center Knowledge is a leading online source of daily news and analysis about the data center industry. We cover a wide scope. Areas of coverage include advancements in power and cooling technology, processor and server architecture, networks, storage, the colocation industry, managed services and cloud, as well as developments in the modern web-scale data center space. Related Stories DCK Top 5 Data Center Stories, Week of March 18th by Data Center Knowledge on March 26, 2016 Here are this week's most popular stories on Data Center Knowledge Read More DCK Top 5 Data Center Stories, Week of March 11th by Data Center Knowledge on March 12, 2016 Here are this week's most popular stories on Data Center Knowledge Read More DCK Top 5 Data Center Stories, Week of March 13th by Yevgeniy Sverdlik on March 14, 2015 Here are some of the most popular stories on Data Center Knowledge this week Read More DCK Top 5 Data Center Stories, Week of March 6th by Yevgeniy Sverdlik on March 7, 2015 Here are some of the most popular stories on Data Center Knowledge this week Read More DCK Top 5 Data Center Stories, Week of March 15 by Rich Miller on March 15, 2014 The Week in Review: SUPERNAP goes global, The Navy shifts data to Amazon's cloud services, how Facebook rendered 720 million "Look Back" videos, Yahoo to sublease space in Virginia, Microsoft eyes San Antonio for $250 million expansion. Read More Add Your Comments Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (required) (will not be published) Website Get Daily Email News from DCK! Email* Country* Please select United States United Kingdom Canada India Netherlands Australia South Africa France Germany Singapore Sweden Brazil -------------- Afghanistan Åland Islands Albania Algeria American Samoa Andorra Angola Anguilla Antarctica Antigua and Barbuda Argentina Armenia Aruba Australia Austria Azerbaijan Bahamas Bahrain Bangladesh Barbados Belarus Belgium Belize Benin Bermuda Bhutan Bolivia Bosnia and Herzegovina Botswana Bouvet Island Brazil Brit/Indian Ocean Terr. Brunei Darussalam Bulgaria Burkina Faso Burundi Cambodia Cameroon Canada Cape Verde Cayman Islands Central African Republic Chad Chile China Christmas Island Cocos (Keeling) Islands Colombia Comoros Congo Congo, The Dem. Republic Of Cook Islands Costa Rica Côte d'Ivoire Croatia Cuba Cyprus Czech Republic Denmark Djibouti Dominica Dominican Republic Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Estonia Ethiopia Falkland Islands Faroe Islands Fiji Finland France French Guiana French Polynesia French Southern Terr. Gabon Gambia Georgia Germany Ghana Gibraltar United Kingdom Greece Greenland Grenada Guadeloupe Guam Guatemala Guinea Guinea-Bissau Guyana Haiti Heard/McDonald Isls. Honduras Hong Kong Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Iran Iraq Ireland Israel Italy Jamaica Japan Jordan Kazakhstan Kenya Kiribati Korea (North) Korea (South) Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Laos Latvia Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Libya Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Macau Macedonia Madagascar Malawi Malaysia Maldives Mali Malta Marshall Islands Martinique Mauritania Mauritius Mayotte Mexico Micronesia Moldova Monaco Mongolia Montserrat Morocco Mozambique Myanmar N. Mariana Isls. Namibia Nauru Nepal Netherlands Netherlands Antilles New Caledonia New Zealand Nicaragua Niger Nigeria Niue Norfolk Island Norway Oman Pakistan Palau Palestinian Territory, Occupied Panama Papua New Guinea Paraguay Peru Philippines Pitcairn Poland Portugal Puerto Rico Qatar Reunion Romania Russian Federation Rwanda Saint Kitts and Nevis Saint Lucia Samoa San Marino Sao Tome/Principe Saudi Arabia Senegal Serbia and Montenegro Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Slovak Republic Slovenia Solomon Islands Somalia South Africa Spain Sri Lanka St. Helena St. Pierre and Miquelon St. Vincent and Grenadines Sudan Suriname Svalbard/Jan Mayen Isls. Swaziland Sweden Switzerland Syria Taiwan Tajikistan Tanzania Thailand Timor-Leste Togo Tokelau Tonga Trinidad and Tobago Tunisia Turkey Turkmenistan Turks/Caicos Isls. Tuvalu Uganda Ukraine United Arab Emirates United States US Minor Outlying Is. Uruguay Uzbekistan Vanuatu Vatican City Venezuela Viet Nam Virgin Islands (British) Virgin Islands (U.S.) Wallis/Futuna Isls. Western Sahara Yemen Zambia Zimbabwe Enter your email to receive messages about offerings by Penton, its brands, affiliates and/or third-party partners, consistent with Penton's Privacy Policy. Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google Plus RSS Feeds Featured Cloud Articles Cold Storage in the Cloud: Comparing AWS, Google, Microsoft Top Cloud Providers Made $11B on IaaS in 2015, but It’s Only the Beginning Featured Cooling Articles Dell Designs Custom Liquid Cooling System for eBay Data Centers Yahoo Wants to Sell Its ‘Chicken Coop’ Data Center Designs Archived Articles Select Month March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 March 2009 February 2009 January 2009 December 2008 November 2008 October 2008 September 2008 August 2008 July 2008 June 2008 May 2008 April 2008 March 2008 February 2008 January 2008 December 2007 November 2007 October 2007 September 2007 August 2007 July 2007 June 2007 May 2007 April 2007 March 2007 February 2007 January 2007 December 2006 November 2006 October 2006 September 2006 August 2006 July 2006 June 2006 May 2006 April 2006 March 2006 February 2006 January 2006 December 2005 November 2005 October 2005 September 2005 August 2005 July 2005 June 2005 May 2005 Inside DCK About Us Advertise Staff Contact Us Submit News Submit Guest Column Site Map Hot Topics DCIM News Downtime HPC / Supercomputing Facebook Apple Microsoft Google Northern Virginia New York Silicon Valley North Carolina News Channels White Papers Events Calendar Virtualization Consolidation Open Compute Internet of Things Storage Convergence Disaster Recovery Managed Hosting Content Delivery Site Selection Investing Stay Connected Daily Email Newsletter RSS Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Data Center Videos Humor Webinars Hosting and Cloud Web Hosting Talk HostingCon WHIR Hosting Catalog Hottest Hosts Data Center Data Center Knowledge Data Center World AFCOM Web Development Hot Scripts DB Forums Performance Marketing ABestWeb Consumer Tech Windows Secrets Overclockers Mac Forums Penton Privacy Policy Terms of Services Advertise Hosting By: LiquidWeb Powered by Penton Copyright © Penton Thank you Thank you for providing feedback. We receive a lot of feedback/requests so we cannot always respond immediately. We will do our best to respond to your feedback.
Photos Videos Topics Live SA 80/5 (39) - NZ 489/10 (162.1) Home India Mumbai Delhi World Business Technology Sports Entertainment Bollywood Hollywood Television Lifestyle Education & Careers TRENDING# Ravindra Gaikwad Yogi Adityanath Virat Kohli Donald Trump Narendra Modi Home Money J&J, JPMorgan suspend YouTube ads over offensive videos Shares1 Fri, 24 Mar 2017-02:10am , Reuters U.S. healthcare conglomerate Johnson & Johnson <JNJ.N> and JPMorgan Chase & Co <JPM.N> became the latest big U.S. companies to suspend all digital advertising on Google's YouTube, over concerns that its ads may have appeared on channels that broadcast offensive videos. Wireless carriers Verizon Communications Inc <VZ.N> and AT&T Inc <T.N> said on Wednesday they would suspend digital ads on YouTube, joining a list of well-known British brands such as retailer Marks and Spencer Group Plc <MKS.L> that are deserting Alphabet Inc's <GOOGL.O> Google. Google has come under intense scrutiny for ads appearing alongside videos on YouTube carrying homophobic or anti-Semitic messages. The company vowed an overhaul of its practices and said on Wednesday it has started an extensive review of its advertising policies. Shares of Google parent Alphabet ended down 1.2 percent, or $10.15 per share, at $839.65 on the New York Stock Exchange. Control over online ad placement has become a hot-button issue for advertisers, with social networks and news aggregators coming under fire during and after the U.S. presidential election for spreading fake news reports. Advertisers have also sought to avoid having their brands appear beside content that they categorize as hate speech. J&J said on Thursday it wanted to ensure that its product advertising did not appear on channels that promote "offensive content." (http://bit.ly/2nqZNJD) JPMorgan, the biggest U.S. bank by assets and the biggest issuer of general purpose credit cards, suspended all of its ads from YouTube on Thursday, according to spokeswoman Trish Wexler. The bank spends about $3 billion on marketing each year. YouTube has been a key driver of growth for Google as its traditional business of search advertising matures. Google's net ad revenue worldwide from YouTube was $5.58 billion last year, according to New York-based research firm eMarketer. While major brands suspending advertising on YouTube is a public relations pain for Google, the suspensions do not affect Google's biggest ad product, search. According to eMarketer, Google's 2017 global ad revenue is projected to be $73.75 billion, grabbing 62 percent of the $99.62-billion search market. Search accounts for 83 percent of Google's overall ad revenue. The financial hit is also less certain because digital platforms tend to collect the bulk of their revenue from small-to-medium sized companies who cannot afford to buy on TV. "Digital dependence on the long-tail of advertising clients means that while major advertisers like P&G or agencies like Havas can publicly protest, they do not have the same impact on a Google or a Facebook as they have on a CBS or NBC," analysts at MoffettNathanson wrote on Thursday. "In other words, if a major brand marketer or agency moves money to TV and out of digital, the TV industry will see the benefit whereas the digital industry might not truly feel it." (This article has not been edited by DNA's editorial team and is auto-generated from an agency feed.) TOP TOP   Comments   Also Read Money SBI spent Rs 775 crore in maintaining Jan Dhan account, says Government Money Sensex bounces 172 points on positive global cues Money Use of Bitcoin illegal, can attract anti-money laundering law, says govt Money Airtel sells 10.3% stake in Bharti Infratel to KKR, Canada Pension Plan Investment Board Money Japan's SoftBank to orchestrate Flipkart, Snapdeal merger? Money Sensex registers good beginning, recoupes over 127 pts Live Cricket Score Live SA 80/5 (39), 314/10 (89.2) SA trail by 95 runs NZ 489/10 (162.1) Full Scorecard | Commentary Related Asian stocks near record highs, dollar up on optimism, earnings Piramal to acquire 5 brands from Janssen Pharma Johnson & Johnson to cut about 3,000 jobs in two years Video Watch | Bhaago Grahak Bhaago: Customer gets assaulted for pointing out cockroaches in cafe! Watch: Fitness freak breaks leg in half while lifting weights Watch: 1400 dancers celebrate 'The Month of The Dance' in Spain View all Tags Johnson & Johnson Facebook Havas JPMorgan Chase NBC New York Stock Exchange Google YouTube U. S. AT&T Inc Alphabet Inc JPMorgan Chase & Co MoffettNathanson P&G Trish Wexler Verizon Communications Inc SITE INDEX About DNA Contact us Investors Advertise Reprint Rights News White House calls for domestic cuts to finance border wall Egypt's President to visit US next week: White House Baseball-Trump declines Nationals' invite to throw first pitch US official: Trump to meet China's Xi first week in April Germany opens new probe into suspected Turkish spying Sport Soccer-Bullet point preview of Premier League fixtures, round 29 Soccer-Bullet point preview of Premier League fixtures, round 29 Soccer-Bullet point preview of Premier League fixtures, round 29 Soccer-Bullet point preview of Premier League fixtures, round 29 Soccer-Bullet point preview of Premier League fixtures, round 29 Entertainment History has it: Shah Rukh Khan has BEATEN Akshay Kumar THRICE during clashes before! FINALLY! Kiku Sharda BREAKS SILENCE on the Kapil Sharma-Sunil Grover fight! Crocodile tears? Forget remorse over Sunil Grover's exit, Kapil Sharma is already back to partying! Guess who'll be the star performer at IPL opening ceremony this year! Parineeti Chopra FORCES team Golmaal to watch #MaanaKeHumYaarNahin 10 times. Their reaction is PRICELESS! Money Ford announces USD 1.2 bn investment in US auto plants CAG report underlines time and cost overrun of Raj power plant US STOCKS-Wall Street jumps, fueled by strong consumer data Lok Sabha to take up GST Bill for discussion tomorrow Warendra Sinha takes charge as MD & CEO of IFFCO-Tokio GI Partner site: Zee News ©2017 Diligent Media Corporation Ltd.
﻿Celebrity Fashion Beauty Hair Love Lifestyle News Videos Festival Follow Us Celebrity Salt-n-Pepa's Best Throwback Style Moments and What it Meant for the Culture Black Celeb Couples Are Justine Skye and NBA Star Justise Winslow Dating? Celebrity T.I. And Tiny Gave Their Daughter Heiress The Best Birthday Ever Celebrity Issa Rae On Telling Her Story And The Road From YouTube To HBO More ﻿Celebrity 'Yes. Girl!' Podcast Black Celeb Couples Celebrity Moms Red Carpet ESSENCE Black Women in Hollywood Entertainment Fashion The 12 Items You Definitely Need to Grab From Lane Bryant's Blow Out Sale Fashion Style Goals: How to Spruce Up Your Work Wear Fashion The Ultimate Curvy Girl Spring 2017 Shopping Guide Fashion The Pearl-Encrusted Sandals You'll Want To Wear All Spring Long and More Dope Stuff More Fashion Fashion Week Street Style Accessories Beauty All The Yes: There's Now An E-commerce Beauty Site Made For Women Of Color Makeup Oprah Winfrey's Former Makeup Artist Gives Free Makeovers In His Hometown Beauty Winnie Harlow Shares a Instagram Video That's Both Surprising and Inspiring Beauty The Skincare Products Everyone Is Buying on Amazon Right Now More Beauty Skin Makeup Nails How-To Hair Products & Tools What Is Protein and Does Our Hair Really Need It? Hair This At-home Hair Service For Women Of Color Is Changing The Game In NYC Locs New Hair, Who Dis? Check Out Taraji P. Henson's Gorgeous Locs!  Natural These 'No Afro' Casting Calls Prove That The Fashion Industry Still Has Work To Do More Hair Natural Relaxed Transitioning Weaves 4C Weddings Black Wedding Moment Of The Day: We're Obsessed With This Bride's Crystal Necklace Love & Sex #MCM: Ladies, You Need to See Hunky Model Joshua Benoit Right Now! Love & Sex #HurtBae Appears On The Steve Harvey Show Love & Sex Cory Booker Just Asked Mindy Kaling To Dinner On Twitter And She Said Yes More Love Weddings Parenting Relationships Health & Wellness How to Get Into the Best Shape of Your Life, According to Science Travel What Really Happens When You Don't Turn Off Your Cell Phone On A Plane Health & Wellness Nearly 1 Million Pounds Of Chicken Recalled Amid Fears Of Metal Contamination Health & Wellness Eating At Night Can Make You Gain Weight, But What If You're Actually Hungry? More Lifestyle Health & Wellness ESSENCE Eats Money & Career Entrepreneurship Travel News Former America's Next Top Model Contestant Brandy Rusher Injured in Texas Shooting News Family Relocated After 15-Year-Old Daughter Assaulted On Facebook Live News Flint Just Reached A Deal To Replace At Least 18,000 Home Water Lines News White Supremacist James Jackson Says He Killed A Black Man To Deter Interracial Relationships More News Politics Culture Essence Live Tamar Braxton Says New Album Is Her Best Yet And Her Talk Show Is 'Definitely' Happening Essence Live Tamar Braxton Reveals Mama Evelyn's Celeb Crush and What Fans Can Expect On 'Braxton Family Values' This Season Videos 7 Of Our Favorite Jay Z and Beyoncé Marriage Moments Essence Live Donald Trump's Constant Lies May Start To Rub Off On Us More Videos 7 Things ESSENCE Live Black Girl Magic 2017 ESSENCE Festival LISTEN: John Legend Confronts The Harsh Realities Of The American Dream With New Song 'In America' 2017 ESSENCE Festival The History Of Women In Hip Hop At ESSENCE Festival 2017 ESSENCE Festival Happy Birthday Diana Ross! Rhonda Ross Celebrates Her Mom's Bday With A Little Known Fact [WATCH] 2017 ESSENCE Festival ESSENCE Fest Spotlight: Teyana Taylor Is A Renaissance Woman Of Her Generation More Festival 2017 ESSENCE Festival Artists Buy Tickets! ESSENCE Festival Durban ESSENCE Africa Close Search by typing... Search ﻿Celebrity 'Yes. Girl!' Podcast Black Celeb Couples Celebrity Moms Red Carpet ESSENCE Black Women in Hollywood Entertainment Fashion Fashion Week Street Style Accessories Beauty Skin Makeup Nails How-To Hair Natural Relaxed Transitioning Weaves 4C Love Weddings Parenting Relationships Lifestyle Health & Wellness ESSENCE Eats Money & Career Entrepreneurship Travel News Politics Culture Videos 7 Things ESSENCE Live Black Girl Magic Festival 2017 ESSENCE Festival Artists Buy Tickets! ESSENCE Festival Durban ESSENCE Africa Subscribe Home News 'Howard University West' Is Google's Latest Diversity Push RELATED GALLERY 25 Old-School Photos of HBCU Students See Photos Photo by Getty Images By Veronica Hilbring Mar, 23, 2017 In an unprecedented move, Google is opening 'Howard West' on its Mountain View campus to train Black coders and promote diversity in Silicon Valley. Google announced the opening of “Howard West” on its Mountain View, CA campus Thursday. The Silicon Valley outpost of the historically Black university will train computer science majors by immersing them in coding instruction and technology. Related: Google And Apple Among Tech Giants Taking Legal Stand Against Trump’s Travel Ban Howard West will launch this summer with between 25-30 juniors and seniors from Howard University, who will spend 12 weeks at Google being taught by senior Google engineers and Howard faculty. Students will not pay extra to attend Howard West and will be given a stipend and support for housing from Howard to combat the rental prices in Silicon Valley. Diversity in Silicon Valley has long been an issue despite efforts by tech companies to diversify. This program is part of Google’s effort to recruit more software engineers from HBCU’s in technical roles, where they currently only account for one percent of the workforce. Google’s new focus on HBCU’s is largely because more than a third of African-Americans who receive computer science degrees are rarely employed at Silicon Valley tech companies. Related: Google’s MLK Day Doodle Emphasizes Unity Among People Of Color Subscribe to our daily newsletter for the latest in hair, beauty, style and celebrity news. The President of Howard University, Dr. Wayne Frederick released a brief statement on the venture: "Howard West will produce hundreds of industry-ready Black computer science graduates, future leaders with the power to transform the global technology space into a stronger, more accurate reflection of the world around us. We envisioned this program with bold outcomes in mind - to advance a strategy that leverages Howard's high quality faculty and Google's expertise, while also rallying the tech industry and other thought leaders around the importance of diversity in business and the communities they serve." Read More Latest In Video Tamar Braxton Says New Album Is Her Best Yet And Her Talk Show Is 'Definitely' Happening See More Videos More From Essence News Former America's Next Top Model Contestant Brandy Rusher Injured in Texas Shooting News Family Relocated After 15-Year-Old Daughter Assaulted On Facebook Live News Flint Just Reached A Deal To Replace At Least 18,000 Home Water Lines News White Supremacist James Jackson Says He Killed A Black Man To Deter Interracial Relationships News The White House Has Yet To Call Timothy Caughman's Killing A Hate Crime News Everything We Know About The New Task Force To Find Missing D.C. Teens Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Filed under: News Latest News Salt-n-Pepa's Best Throwback Style Moments and What it Meant for the Culture 3:44 PM LISTEN: John Legend Confronts The Harsh Realities Of The American Dream With New Song 'In America' 2:16 PM Are Justine Skye and NBA Star Justise Winslow Dating? 1:06 PM Sterling K. Brown Shows Off His Ridiculous Six-Pack Abs On The Set Of The Predator 12:45 PM 17 Delicious Salad Recipes That Will Change Your (Lunch) Life 12:44 PM What Is Protein andDoes Our Hair Really Need It? 12:44 PM   Latest In Video Tamar Braxton Says New Album Is Her Best Yet And Her Talk Show Is 'Definitely' Happening See More Videos Previous A Man Arrested In A Fatal Stabbing Came To New York Specifically To Kill Black Men, Police Say Next Don't Make A Martyr Out Of Tomi Lahren SUBSCRIBE TO THE MAGAZINE Plus, receive digital access and a free gift with your purchase! SUBSCRIBE NOW Sign Up To The Newsletter Get The Essence Newsletter and Special Offers delivered to your inbox! By clicking Sign Up, you agree to our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. ESSENCE MAKES A SPECIAL GIFT Share your love of ESSENCE with a gift subscription to the Magazine. Give a Gift! Follow us on Help and Information Our Company Customer Service Change Your Address Contact Us Job Opportunities Internships Media Kit Subscribe Newsletters Give a Gift of ESSENCE Magazine Tablet Edition More on essence Home Love Celebrity Beauty Hair Fashion ESSENCE Festival Essence.com is part of the Time Inc. Style Collection and the Time Inc. Lifestyle Network. © 2017 Essence Communications Inc. All Rights Reserved | Privacy Policy | Your California Privacy Rights | Terms of Use | Essence.com Advertising Terms | AD CHOICES
El Mundo Suscríbete Iniciar sesión España Secciones Portada Madrid Andalucía Sevilla Málaga El Caminante Baleares Ibiza Cataluña Comunidad Valenciana Alicante Castellón País Vasco Opinión Secciones Portada Editoriales Columnistas Blogs Economía Secciones Portada Macroeconomía Empresas Bolsa Ibex 35 Dow Jones Nasdaq Ahorro y Consumo Vivienda INnovadores Internacional Secciones Portada América Europa Asia África Oceanía Deportes Secciones Portada Fútbol LaLiga Santander LaLiga 123 Champions League Europa League Copa del Rey Alemania Premier League Italia Segunda B Baloncesto ACB NBA Euroliga Copa Rey Ciclismo Tour de Francia Giro de Italia Vuelta a España Tenis Roland Garros Open Australia Wimbledon US Open Fórmula 1 Motociclismo Más deporte Sociedad Cultura Secciones Portada Cine Música Literatura Cómic Toros Teatro Danza Tv Secciones Portada Medios Guía TV - Programación Ciencia y Salud Tecnología Secciones Portada Gadgets Videojuegos Más Cerrar Buscar Inicio Televisión Medios Guía TV Facebook Twitter Enviar BALONCESTOEn vivo, la final de la Eurocup: Valencia vs Unicaja. FÚTBOLSigue en directo: Francia vs España. TENISEn directo: Rafa Nadal vs Nicolas Mahut (Miami). TITULARESAsí será la mayor oferta pública de empleo y cinco noticias más que debes conocer a esta hora. Reproducir Parar Anterior Siguiente Televisión MEDIOSLa plataforma de vídeo de Google endurece sus controles en los anuncios Johnson & Johnson también retira su publicidad de YouTube Logotipo de Youtube. FOTO: E.M. Twitter Facebook Enviar Comentar noticia REUTERS | EL MUNDO Madrid 23/03/2017 20:04 La corporación Johnson & Johnson es la última empresa que ha decidido suspender toda su publicidad en la plataforma de vídeos de Google, YouTube, por miedo a que sus anuncios hayan podido aparecer en canales de contenido ofensivo. Las compañías Verizon y AT&T también anunciaban el pasado miércoles que suspenderían toda su publicidad de esta misma plataforma, uniéndose a la lista de conocidas marcas británicas, como Marks and Spencer, que abandonan Google. Tras las noticias sobre los anuncios que aparecen junto a vídeos de contenido homófobo o de mensajes antisemíticos, Google pasa por un momento de gran escrutinio. Para remediarlo, la compañía anunció una extensa revisión de su política publicitaria y un aumento de los controles para evitar que esto ocurra. Las quejas contra Google y YouTube se originaron a raíz de una investigación del diario The Times que identificó vídeos perjudiciales para la igualdad de género o la tolerancia religiosa y política con anuncios de grandes marcas comerciales. El control sobre la colocación de la publicidad online se ha convertido en un tema de gran importancia para los anunciantes tras la polémica por la publicación de noticias falsas (fake news) en redes sociales y agregadores durante las elecciones estadounidenses y desde entonces. Los anunciantes también han procurado evitar que sus marcas aparezcan al lado de contenido que ellos clasifican como el discurso del odio. Desde J&J se ha asegurado este jueves que su publicidad no había aparecido en canales que promueven tal contenido ofensivo. Otras marcas que anteriormente retiraron sus anuncios son tan conocidas como Audi, L'Óreal y McDonald's. Cabe destacar que Youtube siempre ha sido una de las claves del crecimiento de Google. Los ingresos globales por publicidad en YouTube el pasado año fueron de 5,58 mil millones de dólares, según informa eMarketer. Mientras la cancelación de publicidad de las principales marcas en YouTube es un problema público para Google, ésta no afecta a su mayor producto, la búsqueda. Su buscador de información conforma el 83% de los ingresos por publicidad de Google. El golpe financiero no será tan fuerte porque la mayoría de sus ingresos no proviene de grandes compañías, sino de las pequeñas y medianas empresas que no pueden pagar un espacio publicitario en televisión. Comentarios Todavía no hay comentarios. Sé el primero en dar tu opinión... Comentar noticia Volver a la noticia 'Johnson & Johnson también retira su publicidad de YouTube' 0 Comentarios Iniciar sesión para participar En esta noticia ya no se admiten nuevos comentarios Enlaces de interés Últimas Noticias Temas IBEX 35 Euromillones Horóscopo Diario Mejores colegios Servicios Orbyt Traductor Guía TV Diccionarios El tiempo Promociones Lotería Comparador financiero Comparador seguros En vivos Valencia Basket vs Unicaja, en vivo (Final Eurocup) Francia vs España, en vivo (Amistoso) Nadal-Mahut, en vivo (Masters 1.000 de Miami) Cargando siguiente contenido Otras webs de Unidad Editorial El Mundo Su Vivienda El Mundo en Orbyt Salud Correo Farmacéutico Cuídate Plus Diario Médico Moda y Ocio Telva El Búho Recetas de cocina del señor Señor Códigos de descuento Cinemanía Empleo Escuela Unidad Editorial Unidad Editorial Expansión y Empleo © ELMUNDO.es Avenida de San Luis 25 - 28033 MADRID Una web de Unidad Editorial Términos y condiciones de uso Política de privacidad Política de cookies Certificado por OJD Contacto Publicidad Venta de contenidos Síguenos en Twitter Facebook Google Plus RSS Powered by Reverso Powered by NTT ¡Prueba un mes GRATIS de El Mundo! Sin compromiso. ¡LO QUIERO!
Skip to main content Advertisement Home Topics Automotive Cloud Computing Design & Development E-Commerce ERP Economics Energy Global IoT Labor Operations Purchasing Quality Control Regulatory Security Software Supply Chain Technology Automation Watch Manufacturing Minute Search Social Facebook Twitter Guides Companies Learn Login Register Subscribe Channels MNET CHEM FM ID IMPO PP Advertisement Advertisement MM: Recycling Industrial Pollution 03/23/2017 - 3:11pm Comments by Abbey Dean by Andy Szal Recycling Industrial Pollution Newly published research by German chemists outlines a process to extract harmful pollutants from industrial emissions — and turn them into useful materials such as pigments or medications. Combustion engines from cars, power plants and other industrial processes emit nitrogen oxides, which can result in smog, acid rain and related health and environmental problems. Manufacturers and utilities currently use complex systems to reduce or capture pollution from combustion engines, and previous research demonstrated how nitrogen oxides could be converted into new products. But the study from University of Erlangen-Nuremberg showed how those two processes could be efficiently combined. Chemists developed a model plant to simulate the conversion of copper to copper nitrate, then used a tube-shaped gas washer to reduce nitrogen oxide concentrations in the exhaust by 99.7 percent. They then synthesized the captured emissions into two common pharmaceutical compounds. Scientists said that similar systems could be deployed anywhere with sufficient nitrogen oxide byproducts. SO, WHAT DO YOU THINK? Could this system one day lead to cleaner factories and cities? Tell us your thoughts in the comments below. Googles Project Sunroof Chances are pretty good that most everyone watching has used Google Maps at one point or another, either for something basic like getting directions or seeing what images come up when you enter your home address. So, picture that technology. OK, now imagine Google mapping your house, but instead of just seeing your home you’re also viewing your rooftop’s solar potential. Essentially, that’s the idea behind Google’s Project Sunroof. The Project Sunroof venture launched back in 2015 as a way to use the data from Google Maps to assess the solar potential of individual rooftops; this would then offer individual homeowners or even companies a better idea as to whether or not taking the plunge into solar was a good idea. By combining aerial images from Google Maps and taking into account a number of factors like sun position, shade from nearby objects and weather patterns, Google can then calculate how many hours of sunlight your roof would receive. What’s wilder is that Google can then use that data to estimate the costs and savings of utilizing solar energy for that rooftop, even taking into account current solar industry pricing and energy production. Curious about your rooftop’s solar potential? Just Google Project Sunroof and enter your state, county, city or zip code. The Google robots will take over from there. SO, WHAT DO YOU THINK? What do you think about Google’s venture into solar? Could this be a useful tool for companies looking to invest in renewable energy? Leave your comments in the section below. Related Reads Study: Industrial Pollutants Could be Turned Into Pigments, Medications Steam Generator Meets NOx Emissions Rules Salty Snow Could Affect Air Pollution in The Arctic A New Source of Biofuel — Leather Sludge Abbey Dean Editor @AbbDean Full Bio > Advertisement Advertisement View the discussion thread. Connect with Manufacturing Business Technology Facebook Twitter Resources About Us Advertising Info Contact Us Directory FAQs Privacy Policy Product Announcement Form Subscriptions Terms & Conditions Contributor Guidelines Topics Automotive Cloud Computing Design & Development E-Commerce ERP Economics Energy Global Iot Labor Operations Purchasing Quality Control Regulatory Security Software Supply Chain Technology © Copyright 2017 Advantage Business Media Advertisement
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad J&J, JPMorgan suspend YouTube ads over offensive videos By Reuters Published: 16:33 EDT, 23 March 2017 | Updated: 16:33 EDT, 23 March 2017 e-mail March 23 (Reuters) - U.S. healthcare conglomerate Johnson &amp; Johnson and JPMorgan Chase &amp; Co became the latest big U.S. companies to suspend all digital advertising on Google's YouTube, over concerns that its ads may have appeared on channels that broadcast offensive videos. Wireless carriers Verizon Communications Inc and AT&amp;T Inc said on Wednesday they would suspend digital ads on YouTube, joining a list of well-known British brands such as retailer Marks and Spencer Group Plc that are deserting Alphabet Inc's Google. Google has come under intense scrutiny for ads appearing alongside videos on YouTube carrying homophobic or anti-Semitic messages. The company vowed an overhaul of its practices and said on Wednesday it has started an extensive review of its advertising policies. Shares of Google parent Alphabet ended down 1.2 percent, or $10.15 per share, at $839.65 on the New York Stock Exchange. Control over online ad placement has become a hot-button issue for advertisers, with social networks and news aggregators coming under fire during and after the U.S. presidential election for spreading fake news reports. Advertisers have also sought to avoid having their brands appear beside content that they categorize as hate speech. J&amp;J said on Thursday it wanted to ensure that its product advertising did not appear on channels that promote "offensive content." (http://bit.ly/2nqZNJD) JPMorgan, the biggest U.S. bank by assets and the biggest issuer of general purpose credit cards, suspended all of its ads from YouTube on Thursday, according to spokeswoman Trish Wexler. The bank spends about $3 billion on marketing each year. YouTube has been a key driver of growth for Google as its traditional business of search advertising matures. Google's net ad revenue worldwide from YouTube was $5.58 billion last year, according to New York-based research firm eMarketer. While major brands suspending advertising on YouTube is a public relations pain for Google, the suspensions do not affect Google´s biggest ad product, search. According to eMarketer, Google´s 2017 global ad revenue is projected to be $73.75 billion, grabbing 62 percent of the $99.62-billion search market. Search accounts for 83 percent of Google´s overall ad revenue. The financial hit is also less certain because digital platforms tend to collect the bulk of their revenue from small-to-medium sized companies who cannot afford to buy on TV. "Digital dependence on the long-tail of advertising clients means that while major advertisers like P&amp;G or agencies like Havas can publicly protest, they do not have the same impact on a Google or a Facebook as they have on a CBS or NBC," analysts at MoffettNathanson wrote on Thursday. "In other words, if a major brand marketer or agency moves money to TV and out of digital, the TV industry will see the benefit whereas the digital industry might not truly feel it." (Reporting by Natalie Grover in Bengaluru and Tim Baysinger, Anjali Athavaley, David Henry and Jessica Toonkel in New York; Editing by Sai Sachin Ravikumar and Saumyadeb Chakrabarty; Editing by Nick Zieminski and Lisa Shumaker) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS She's a real work of art! Kate wows in a forest green lace dress by Temperley London for a glittering gala at the National Portrait Gallery 'Longest calf muscles known to man': Katie Price suffers ANOTHER holiday fail as she is accused of Photoshop faux pas amid backlash over Princess snap Heartbroken Katie Waissel claims estranged husband has been 'f**king their neighbour'... as she discusses split after just one year of marriage PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Pregnant Binky Felstead shows off her baby bump as she steps out with boyfriend JP... after confirming she's having a girl 'Private beaches and bottoms': MIC's Frankie Gaff shows off her pert posterior as she poses for racy topless snap during cast trip to Mauritius Ellie Goulding cosies up to rumoured beau Caspar Jopling as they enjoy a romantic stroll in NYC... following her fling with the Beckhams' bodyguard Bobby Rich EXCLUSIVE 'We love the idea of a baby': Louise Thompson and Ryan Libbey on starting a family, their latest love triangle and why cheeky Sam is a 'hypocrite'  Leonardo DiCaprio and Nina Agdal join Orlando Bloom during St Barts holiday as they celebrate the swimsuit model's 25th birthday 'I feel proud, it was such a gift': Daisy Lowe reflects on newfound body confidence... after admitting to be 'tequila positive' during Strictly Come Dancing tour 'I can't breathe': Geordie Shore's Chloe Ferry reveals plans to have nostrils WIDENED in corrective nose job as airwaves are being painfully restricted Billie Piper displays her ink-free forearm at City Of Tiny Lights screening after tattoo removal... and hides second tribute to ex Laurence Fox under ring 'They simply don't eat': Emma Thompson blasts Hollywood's 'terrible' anorexia problem (and once threatened to QUIT a film after a co-star was told to lose weight)  A blooming lovely couple! Michelle Keegan stuns in a floral jumpsuit from her own collection as she joins husband Mark Wright for London stroll 'Hanging out like best buds': Kendall Jenner is a dream in green as she spends the day shopping with Paris Jackson at a flea market in LA What the Beck! Unrecognisable David Beckham sports gruesome rotting teeth and a HUGE scar on his face on the set of new King Arthur movie  'I would go to sleep crying': Michelle Pfeiffer, 58, talks playing Al Pacino's cocaine-addicted trophy wife in Scarface as she poses for Interview 'Something's cooking': Bar Refaeli announces she's pregnant as she shows off her baby bump... eight months after welcoming her daughter Liv PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Chloe Goodman flaunts her enviable curves in plunging bikini as she soaks up the Maldives sun with her sisters Lauryn and Amelia   Fashion darling Alexa Chung dazzles in show-stopping bardot polka dot gown as she leads the style at the 2017 Portrait Gala 'I've still got my wedding ring on': Rio Ferdinand admits 'there's no given time for moving on' from the death of his wife... amid Kate Wright rumours 'I knew he was struggling': Prince's ex-wife speaks out about the pop icon's devastating addiction, secret overdoses and drug stashes TOWIE's Yazmin Oukhellou flaunts her taut stomach and ample cleavage in sizzling crop top as she walks hand-in-hand with new beau James Lock  'I greet him with a Versace towel and water in a Versace glass': Kim Kardashian reveals she pampers Kanye West after his concerts 'Eamonn was worried that people would think its him!' Ruth Langsford confesses she 'felt sick' when she realised she had shared a VERY explicit photo on Twitter Sun-kissed Millie Mackintosh heads to work while posing in her own designs for high fashion shoot...  after returning from FIFTH vacation of 2017 Giggling Myleene Klass nails the city girl look as she wows in chic trench with shirt dress while heading to work   Nailed city girl style  She Did It Again! Shakira dazzles in lace and leather for children's charity launch in Barcelona... after winning an award for her philanthropic efforts Morning perk! Braless Jenna Dewan Tatum flashes her chest in sheer black top as she exits coffee shop in LA The Step Up star wore a casual outfit  'RIP beautiful princess': Tributes pour in for Zayn Malik's cousin Arshiya after she dies aged five following battle with brain tumour Terrible tragedy There's the money shot! Malin Akerman and onscreen husband Damian Lewis strip off for raunchy sex scene during their hit drama Billions  Claire Sweeney puts on a casual display in workout wear as she enjoys a sunny day at the park with her adorable son Jaxon, 2 Playful day out Another day, another bikini! Victoria's Secret Angel Martha Hunt stuns in green two-piece on Miami vacation It's not secret when she hits the beach 'You're changing lives': 'Amazing' Jeff Brazier is praised by fans for offering advice on coping with grief... days after anniversary of Jade Goody's death 'Tidy your room!' Chloe Ferry proudly shows off her immaculate bedroom before fans spot the VERY messy reality in Instagram video Just in time for Easter: Reese Witherspoon cuddles up to a bunny as she models new dress from her Draper James clothing line The body that cost £1.5m: Surgery addict Alicia Douvall leaves little to the imagination as she flaunts her ample assets in skimpy lingerie Back to business! Bethenny Frankel slips into flattering LBD after posing up a storm in a bikini on Mexican getaway Sported a fitted dress  'I would never play a person of a different race!': Scarlett Johansson answers critics who say her role in Ghost In The Shell is a 'whitewash' Is the Fresh Prince going back to Bel-Air? Internet goes into meltdown as cast of 90s show reunites... raising fans' hopes of a new series Quick change! The spotlight falls on Mary Berry's daughter after a continuity blunder on the cook's show (amid claims she'll take over her mother's empire) Bikini-clad Vicky Pattison downs drinks at Dubai pool party... after saying she 'couldn't be happier' about rekindling romance with beau John Noble  All made up... for takeout! Chrissy Teigen looks chic in straw hat, striped blouse and torn jeans to pick up food at hot spot Madeo in West Hollywood Rooney Mara appears topless as a grieving widow in new trailer for A Ghost Story with Casey Affleck Spooky drama 'It will be weird': Charlotte Crosby is yet to speak with Vicky Pattison about her romance with her Ex On The Beach fling Stephen Bear Daddy's little Idol! Eric Cowell is the spitting image of father Simon as he joins glam mum Lauren Silverman for a spot of fine dining in Malibu Secret admirer? Cara Delevingne holds a red rose as she parties the night away with supermodel pals Kendall Jenner and Lily Donaldson 'It could happen': Nick Jonas sounds hopeful about co-starring with pal Jennifer Lopez in the NBC live musical revival of Bye Bye Birdie . 'I will forever hate myself for it': Lisa Riley expresses regret for not listening to her mother's advice on romance... leading to a string of disastrous relationships 'I wanted to physically harm myself': WWE star Paige reveals pain she suffered after sex tape leaked... as fiance announces their wedding date Mariah Carey relaxes in a robe on her 47th birthday while enjoying luxury beach trip with toyboy Bryan Tanaka 'Live your vile selfish life: Stephanie Davis SLAMS Jeremy McConnell in impassioned rant... hours after declaring her love for him  Off-duty beauty: Make-up free Kate Moss keeps it casual in a khaki jacket and skinny jeans as she leaves a shoot in London Can do low-key glamour Kate Hudson steps out in suede ankle boots and pinstripe trousers...after packing on the PDA with Danny Fujikawa 'We all float down here': Teaser trailer and poster for Stephen King's IT heads down to the sewer with evil clown Pennywise Creepy reboot Bikini babe! Cara Santana flashes hint of cleavage and rock hard abs as she flaunts her bod in sexy Instagram snap Red hot 'It was like meeting someone at a bus stop': Lorraine Pascale admits her birth parents were like 'two strangers' when she met them for the first time John Legend looks typically cool in a statement leather jacket as he arrives for radio interview in Paris SPOILER ALERT: Shaken Ste struggles to piece together what he's done as he wakes up in the shower after Amy is MURDERED on Hollyoaks Val Kilmer claps back at critics who called him 'creepy' and 'obsessive' for revealing his longtime crush on Cate Blanchett Pillow talk! Demi Lovato and Jimmy Fallon make out with cushions as they play teenage besties in hilarious new Ew! segment  Those Night Changes! Liam Payne, 23, jokes about being on nappy duty after welcoming son... as Cheryl, 33, 'plans to conquer mummy market' 'I want you to be better': New trailer for Spider-Man: Homecoming shows Peter Parker being mentored by Tony Stark as they take on Vulture Gemma Collins highlights her curves in a form-fitting jumpsuit as she steps out in Essex with Danielle Armstrong's athletic beau Daniel Spiller My how you've grown! Nicole Kidman's young daughters Sunday Rose and Faith Margaret are the spitting image of their famous mother as they land in Sydney Luisa Zissman displays fab post-baby body in a bust-baring lace-up swimsuit as she enjoys sunny getaway... seven months after birth of daughter Indigo 'Namaste': Lindsay Lohan shows off her cleavage in a plunging black swimsuit as she embraces her inner zen in Thailand At peace with her self-ies 'They are now safe': Ed Sheeran HAS saved the lives of abused Liberian street boys after incredible act of kindness on Comic Relief 'It's the end of March!' EastEnders fans take to Twitter in confusion as SNOW falls on Albert Square while the UK enjoys balmy spring sunshine Her body is still Bootylicious! Kelly Rowland shows off her STUNNING physique in one-piece during day at the beach with son Titan, two  'I've been speaking to them': Marnie Simpson reveals she has been messaging Niall Horan AND James Arthur... following her messy split from cheat Lewis 'Are you impressed with my terrarium?': Holly Willoughby is left speechless at Phillip Schofield's VERY rude gardening innuendo... as she flashes her bra 'I miss LA': Karrueche Tran longs for home as she shares makeup-free selfie in New Orleans... after showing off her fit physique during workout session Out and a pout: Rumer Willis flashes big smile with plumped up lips while promoting new Empire role  Plenty to smile about  Pamela Anderson offers to take Prime Minister of Ireland out for a pint of Guinness if he supports banning the use of wild animals in circuses Charlotte Dawson puts on a busty display in a scarlet co-ord as she enjoys a night out in Barcelona with her glamorous mother Tracy Darlene Cates, star of What's Eating Gilbert Grape, dies aged 69  Best known for her role as Gilbert's mother in the 1993 hit 'She was denying and crying': Kim Kardashian was with Paris Hilton when sex tape leaked.. but soon 'calmed down' when talk turned to MONEY Kendall Jenner cruises around the sunny streets of LA in her eye-catching purple convertible Cadillac Didn't opt for a subtle ride Rihanna strips off as Bates Motel FINALLY reveals its iconic Psycho shower scene... after singer confessed she can't bear to watch her raunchy moments 'Has she come from a club?': Busty Michelle Mone shocks GMB viewers as she cuts a VERY glamorous figure in a plunging black maxi dress What's the buzz Rusty? Russell Crowe channels Romper Stomper character with new crew cut as he works on his fitness with a park kick about Flirty at the fairground: Kim Zolciak's daughter Brielle Biermann kisses boyfriend Michael Kopech while posing for playful shoot 'I think everything I do is terrible': Lorde shows off her quirky style in plunging ensemble... as she reveals her self deprecating side in honest interview Feeling Torn? Natalie Imbruglia holds hands with mystery man and NOT beau Ryan Bienefelt... as he posts about his 'little peanut' Where's her boyfriend? Mel B shimmers in plunging metallic jumpsuit she makes her first public appearance since filing for divorce from Stephen Belafonte at AGT launch 'I want to keep the day really traditional:' Lauren Goodger wants TWO ceremonies and a racy wedding dance as she confesses she can't wait to wed jailbird beau She's a real team player! Queen Letizia of Spain is presented with a basketball shirt emblazoned with her name as she meets young athletes in Madrid Camera shy Demi Moore keeps it casual as she heads home with daughter Scout after a family dinner date Headed out for low key meal with her kids Blue and green SHOULD be seen! Queen Mathilde and Crown Princess Mary are pretty in pastels as the Belgian royals touch down in Denmark Step aside, mum and dad! Jude Law and Sadie Frost's model daughter Iris, 16, stuns in her second make-up campaign for Burberry Essentials Robin Thicke's girlfriend April Love Geary, 22, looks in good spirits during grocery shop run... as she moves on from nude photo leak drama Cheat day! Elsa Hosk stuffs her face with McDonald's French fries after stunning during Victoria's Secret lingerie shoot in Miami Make-up free Liv Tyler cuts a chic figure in specs and skintight leggings as she enjoys a shopping spree in London Billie Faiers finally introduces newborn son Arthur in stunning family shoot... as she reveals fiancé Greg Shepherd almost MISSED the labour 'Is that a prosthetic?': Big Little Lies fans react on Twitter after Alexander Skarsgard appears to go full-frontal Scene on Sunday left fans all aflutter  Just admiring the view! Kristin Cavallari posts nude photo of husband Jay Cutler gazing out at the Caribbean water while on romantic trip to Mexico Legs eleven! Katie Holmes shows off her dancer legs as she models a denim miniskirt under her oversized coat in chilly New York City SPOILER ALERT: Corrie's Bethany Platt discovers her boyfriend Nathan shared a secret smooch with Mel... but will she finally dump the evil manipulator? Shameless star Emmy Rossum's 'house robbed of $150k worth of jewelry after she left combinations written down near home safes' 'I dream of genie vibes': Khloe shows off her svelte figure and trim waist in a plunging white jumpsuit... after revealing she used to be 'shamed' for her curves 'It's just half a bottle of red wine!': GBBO 2016 star Selasi Gbormittah upsets Piers Morgan as they clash over his signature bolognese recipe There's NOTHING everyday about Mary Berry! Show sees her cook with lobster, cruise in her vintage car, milk a goat- and host 1,000 guests in her garden Hotting up! Lily James shows off flat stomach as she peels off turtle neck jumper while enjoying stroll in sunshine with boyfriend Matt Smith She's got that magic hour glow! Margot Robbie enjoys wedded bliss on a tropical beach with a chilled flute of champagne in hand at sunset 'I fell in love': Alec Baldwin recalls moment he asked if Tina Fey was single... and reveals he almost passed on SNL Trump gig Justin Bieber faces being ARRESTED in Brazil four years after allegedly spray painting graffiti on wall of £23m hotel Happened in 2013 'I felt my body had completely failed me': Giovanna Fletcher on how she's in a much better place after revealing her secret miscarriage Starry eyed! Queen Maxima opts for a heavily-embellished coat for another day of engagements with her glamorous guest, Argentina's First Lady Here comes the bridesmaid! Rachel Bilson shows off her perky cleavage in dramatic blush-coloured gown at friend's wedding Doing her duties  Made In Chelsea's Ryan was threatened by James the gentle giant - size-wise that is - and the cast voted for Binky to have a baby girl, as if it was Brexit Romeo Beckham, 14, shares a sweet moment with little sister Harper, five, as he gushes about their close relationship in family Instagram snaps  Kendall Jenner stuns in belted silk jacket (and not much else) as she poses with Lily Donaldson at Valerian teaser screening Always stands out PICTURED: Coronation Street's beloved Ken Barlow is hospitalised after plunging down a flight of stairs... but who pushed him? The end for Ken? First look at the new Lara Croft: Alicia Vikander takes over from Angelina Jolie in Tomb Raider remake as new photos and plot details emerge  TOWIE's Jon Clark ridicules fellow diners by referring to them as 'swingers' in humiliating Instagram Not exactly the Mr. Nice Guy image Billie Lourd and Taylor Lautner enjoy smitten poppy field date... as it's revealed she isn't looking after her late mother Carrie Fisher's beloved bulldog Gary  Grizzled Casey Affleck is joined by screen daughter Anna Pniowsky as they shoot scenes for new drama Light Of My Life on Vancouver Island Heaven sent! Victoria's Secret Angel Jasmine Tookes stuns in a backless off-shoulder top and flares as she enjoys dinner date The return of killer Joe Miller, the wrath of Cath Atwood and Ed Burnett, plus THREE different rape suspects...The menace increased in Broadchurch Beware a clown with a red balloon! New creepy images from Stephen King's IT released and Pennywise is more sinister than ever Not clowning around Louis Tomlinson looks in high spirits while posing for selfies with fans in Miami...as he is set to appear in court over airport brawl at LAX Busy mommy! Blake Lively looks chic in newsboy cap as she rushes into cab... after Ryan Reynolds reveals he 'doesn't mind' her kissing other actors Eminem's daughter Hailie Scott, 21, stuns in latest Instagram photos... as it's revealed she's a normal college student 'It was fate': Ray Quinn reveals he has found love once again with school teacher Emily Fletcher insisting his four-year-old son Harry remains his 'priority' 'So thrilled'! Made In Chelsea parents-to-be Binky Felstead and JP finally confirm they are expecting a GIRL Delightedly announced news on Monday 'People think I'm gay': David Walliams admits 'life would be simpler' if he wasn't attracted to women... and doesn't know why people rule out same-sex romances Out of this world! Cara Delevingne shows off her long legs in futuristic outfit at screening for her sci-fi movie Valerian A very fashionable future  A sheer winner! Tyra Banks wears see-through lace pantsuit as she gears up for her new role as host of America's Got Talent New girl in town Double trouble! Heidi Klum shows off her long legs in purple mini as Mel B glitters in low-cut jumpsuit at America's Got Talent event Glam girls 'Deeply fake news but quite cute': Lorde reveals she was NOT at New Zealand dance party as impersonator fools partygoers Spitting image Happy Birthday Mommy! Fergie celebrates turning 42 with sung greetings from husband Josh Duhamel and their son Axl Bella Thorne tells fans she 'hates' being single before sharing saucy Snapchats from a night out with friends Known for being a serial dater 'I'll love him always': Stephanie Davis acknowledges ex Jeremy McConnell's arrest for first time... hours after he blocks her on Twitter Mommy and me! Charlize Theron shares a playful moment with her daughter August... returning home after a whirlwind week in Asia Just the two of us 'Never let go': Sofia Richie, 18, gets SEVENTH tattoo with a personal motto inked on her wrist Inking of going for a full collection? Start and end! Katie Maloney and Tom Schwartz wed as Scheana Marie plans for divorce on Vanderpump Rules Highs and lows 'It really means a lot': New dad Liam Payne, 23, returns to Twitter on behalf of girlfriend Cheryl, 33, to thank everyone for their 'love and support' Jessica Chastain strikes a sultry pose in cleavage-baring Alexander McQueen dress at the premiere of The Zookeeper's Wife Eye-popping display 'It's still very up in the air': Marnie Simpson affirms she did NOT cheat on ex Lewis Bloor... but she still 'cares' for him despite his womanising ways 'He's just the best guy': Ryan Gosling raves about co-star Harrison Ford while promoting Blade Runner sequel at CinemaCon  Seeing Angels! Victoria's Secret models Taylor Hill and Romee Strijd have lunch together in Hollywood They are the model lunch partners Gordon Ramsay's Nightly Show debut goes off air for THREE minutes... as ITV suffers technical glitch Another blow for the struggling show 'This isn't the last you've seen of me': Maksim Chmerkovskiy vows to return to DWTS alongside Heather Morris after calf injury keeps him on sidelines 'He's doing a f**king good job!' Gordon Ramsay's foul-mouthed Nightly Show debut divides viewers... as incorrect spelling of his name trends on Twitter Mark Francis helps Binky dress for pregnancy, Sam gets a drink chucked over him and Baby Felstead's gender is revealed on MIC  Noel Gallagher's 17-year-old daughter Anais recalls getting her first PONY aged seven and outlines hopes of Oscars win by 27 in candid interview There she blows! Kyra Sedgwick has a Marilyn Monroe moment as a gust of wind lifts up her skirt during outing with husband Kevin Bacon Wind beneath her skirt You have GOAT to be kid-ding me! Mary Berry, 82, is almost taken out by a farm animal as she tries to milk it on new baking series Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson shows off his huge biceps in leather jacket as he promotes Jumanji reboot Bursting out of his leather jacket 'What's life without a sausage roll?' Vicky McClure refuses to move away from Greggs for Hollywood... as she gushes about life up North with Jonny Owen Home sweet home! Ronan Keating's wife Storm shows off her baby bump in a tight dress as she welcomes her happy husband at Sydney airport 'I had a $28,000 hotel bill': Cher claims the REAL reason she finally agreed to appear on David Letterman's show was for the paycheck Price of forgiveness Still going (Arm)strong! TOWIE's Yazmin Oukhellou packs on PDA in united display with beau James Lock... amid bitter feud with his taken ex Danielle Drake abruptly cancels Amsterdam concert on doctor's orders after falling 'sick'... as fans vent frustration on Twitter Blow to fans 'It looks dope': Prince Jackson shows off massive armour inspired tattoo on his chest after months of work Tattoo mad like his sister SPOILER ALERT: EastEnders' Martin Fowler left fuming as he tries to attack Preston after Michelle's sordid sex scandal is finally exposed Devon Windsor shows off her killer legs in tiny Daisy Dukes for photo shoot in Miami Showed exactly why she's a Victoria's Secret model Klass act! Myleene enjoys romantic night out with beau Simon Motson in dazzling one-shoulder gown as they lead the style at the English National Opera Making them green with envy! Julianne Hough dazzles on the red carpet in plunging emerald gown for Dancing With The Stars What a gem! 'It's not curable': Coleen Nolan breaks down as she reveals her 'incredible' elder sister Linda is battling cancer  Revealed latest family tragedy on TV Lucky Leo! DiCaprio's supermodel girlfriend Nina Agdal sends temperatures soaring as she slips into an array of steamy swimsuits A dog's life! Selma Blair takes her pooch Ducky for a day of pampering at the salon in Los Angeles The 44-year-old enjoyed a pamper session EXCLUSIVE - Beyonce's dad is sued for $50k after 'refusing to pay a legal bill and hiding profits he made auctioning off Destiny's Child memorabilia' Nigella Lawson's daughter Cosima Diamond, 23, is the spitting image of her famous mum, 57, as they enjoy a girls' night out at the theatre Greased Lightning strikes twice! John Travolta and Olivia Newton-John set to return as Sandy and Danny to mark 40 year anniversary of original SPOILER ALERT: Ste has blood on his hands as Amy is found DEAD on Hollyoaks... after threatening to take his children away to America Nancy Dell'Olio, 55, flaunts her toned figure in unique figure-hugging flared jumpsuit at Opera Gala She showed her sensational frame  'I saw the pain in my eyes': Dynasty star Linda Evans shocked by online leak of 'disturbing' 2014 DUI arrest footage Didn't recognise herself Lily Allen wryly smiles as she channels nineties chic in vintage woolly jumper following romantic night out with beau MC Meridian Dan in London She likes a man in the kitchen! Scarlett Johansson reveals her two celebrity crushes are Gordon Ramsay and Anthony Bourdain Leggy Lorde looks sophisticated in a kooky pinstripe dress as she delights fans in London with radio appearance She's a style Royal Meg Ryan bundles up as she has a girls' day out in NYC with daughter Daisy The 55-year-old actress kept off the chill on mother/daughter day Cor(rie) blimey! Busty Michelle Keegan flaunts her washboard abs and toned physique in a tiny coral crop top The former soap star looked abs-fab Has George Michael been buried under cover of darkness? Photo posted by boyfriend Fadi Fawaz sparks flurry of internet speculation 'Don your best bikini and slay': Sam Thompson slips into the same MINUSCULE bikini as his sister Louise as he once again mocks her holiday snaps  Jailbird Apollo Nida 'on the hunt for millions' after judge nullifies divorce from Real Housewives' Phaedra Parks Rocky road to divorce  Showing support! Laura Prepon accentuates baby bump in stripes at Netflix event with fiance Ben Foster Orange Is The New Baby Hello from the after-party! Adele lets loose on the dance floor in slip-on shoes and no makeup after revealing she may NEVER tour again   'She's a child': Katie Price comes under fire after sharing photo of daughter Princess, nine, posing in a bikini during idyllic Maldives holiday as fans defend her 'Wish I was that horse!' Actress Elsa Pataky posts hilarious snap of husband Chris Hemsworth cuddling up to a horse Horsing around Shabby Chanel chic for Kiera: Actress pairs jacket with Dr Martens on visit to east London cafe with her husband  Low-key look  Together again! Jane Fonda and Lily Tomlin arrive in style at chat show to promote new season of Netflix series Promoting second series of Grace and Frankie Katie Holmes looks stylish as she steps out in New York's Soho district dressed in a button-up coat and cat-eye glasses Will and graceful lady! Drew Barrymore's ex husband Kopelman dines out with mystery woman in LA He is footloose and fancy free once more Beautiful in blue! Debra Messing, 48, wows in body hugging navy gown to receive honors at New York gala Flaunted her delicate decolletage Jennifer Garner looks in good spirits on coffee run after VERY friendly church visit with ex Ben Affleck  Happy families  'I was in a lot of pain after those really violent scenes': Nicole Kidman reveals being hit by Alexander Skarsgard during Big Little Lies took a toll 'He was devastated': Nicole Kidman says husband Keith Urban was shocked at her bruises after sex scenes with Alexander Skarsgard His life is one big musical! Pharrell Williams' story will be transformed into song for the big screen  Happy singer will tell his tale  Glee vet Matthew Morrison 'will guest star on season 13 of Grey's Anatomy' as Dr Paul Stadler Famed for starring as lovable teacher Will Schuester Clem Curtis, the original lead singer of The Foundations, has died age 76 following a battle with cancer Grieving family announced on Monday Kim Kardashian dons tiny cropped top which showcases her rock hard abs in seductive Instagram snap SPOILER ALERT: Katie Cassidy returns to Arrow...as a different character than the one she started out playing Flex appeal! A muscular Justin Theroux shows off his ripped arms in edgy punk shirt leaving the gym Lucky Jennifer! 'My hero, my mentor': Shannen Doherty pays touching tribute to her late father to commemorate his birthday Passed away in 2009 Something's brewing! Samuel L. Jackson and Oscar Isaac team up as they film dramatic scene for Life Itself in New York 'I can confirm it's over': Simon Bird breaks Inbetweeners fans' hearts as he insists the series is finished forever  Fuller House star Jodie Sweetin's ex-fiance Justin Hodak 'arrested for violating restraining order against her' Restraining order requiring him to stay away from star Monday optional! Lea Michele beats of the start-of-the-week blues as she runs errands make-up free The 30-year-old actress wore a sleeveless tank  'I'm not commenting on it at all': Teen Mom 2 star Jenelle Evans refuses to address new co-star Briana DeJesus after 2014 Twitter row Getting close in Cancun! Supergirl star Melissa Benoist shows off her slender frame as she vacations with co-star Chris Wood 'Stop and frisky': Erika Jayne plays naughty motorist with Gleb Savchenko as officer on Dancing With The Stars A very arresting dance routine The look of love! Christine Lampard stares adoringly at husband Frank as they enjoy a sunny breakfast in Chelsea Still head over heels Coquettish, me? No, it was just down to clever editing, claims Nigella: TV cook says she did not understand the double entendres that helped make her name  Salmon by the sea: Love Island star Katie struggles to contain her curves in a skimpy snakeskin bikini as she hits the beach in Dubai On a girls' break 'In the bedroom she'll say, 'you can't do that to me, you're my big brother!'' Kyle and Jackie O are shocked as a listener reveals he had a baby with his SISTER  Danniella Westbrook emerges in Spain after revealing secret miscarriage and plans for rehab in Twitter outburst MIC's Tiffany Watson flaunts her enviably gym-honed figure in vibrant bikini as she joins Frankie Gaff for cheeky Instagram video in Mauritius Billie Lourd chooses NOT to attend public memorial for mom Carrie Fisher and grandmother Debbie Reynolds as she had dinner with her father instead  I like the way you Rock'It Man: James Corden favours off-duty Elton John's favourite tracksuit and kooky specs look at Late Late Show filming Chip off the old block! Mike Comrie plays indoor hockey with son Luca as Hilary Duff films family fun for Snapchat Daring Dakota! Ms Johnson wears a Flaming Lips T-shirt with image of topless woman during solo shopping spree in West Hollywood Love in the air? Katy Perry, 32, and Ryan Phillippe, 42, 'totally flirting' at Elton John's 70th birthday bash Jerry Hall, 60, shows off her gorgeous figure in slinky lace gown as she cosies up to husband Rupert Murdoch, 86, at English National Opera gala 'She never spoiled herself': Angelina Jolie, 41, makes rare comments about her mother who died 10 years ago from cancer as she plugs Guerlain Jamie Oliver will visit Australia in May to launch new menu at his Jamie's Italian restaurants - after his company bought back the eateries She Khan't help herself! Curvy Chloe threatens to bust out of racy harness bra as she poses in negligee for the Geordie Shore boys' new brand Calls for Sir Patrick Stewart to appear on SNL as Kellyanne as old pictures of him in drag resurface looking UNCANNILY like Trump's counselor Conway  Wet hair, don't care! Nicole Kidman arrives at mother Janelle's house with Keith Urban sporting damp tresses... before leaving with her signature curls in a chic updo 'Hey guys, get out of my shot': Shirtless Chris Hemsworth steals the limelight as he photobombs his friend's romantic poolside snap The Rich Kids of Instagram are back in envy-inducing snaps of their early exotic holidays as they flaunt their figures in skimpy swimsuits Ruth Langsford suffers epic social media fail as she accidentally shares a VERY explicit photo alongside sweet Mother's Day tribute to her mum and sister 'The show will go ahead without him': Jeremy McConnell 'AXED from Ex On The Beach'... after arrest for allegedly assaulting ex Stephanie Davis Field of dreams for sale! Kevin Costner lists his sprawling Montecito property for $60million Fit to bust! Casey Batchelor threatens to spill out of tiny bikini top in eye-popping selfie... after saying her boobs have 'grown back' following breast reduction She's got chemistry! Make-up free Lily Collins proves she has effortless beauty down to a science during trip to gym 'Glad last week's over': Jeff Brazier says having Mother's Day and the anniversary of their mum Jade Goody's death is 'cruel blow' for his sons 'My skin is looking so good right now': Ashley James shows off new platinum locks as she goes make-up free in 'self-indulgent' post shower selfie Kendall Jenner flashes her nipples in extremely sheer bra as she puts on a daring display for Marilyn Monroe inspired shoot with Love Magazine Jemma Lucy bares all as she turns a hospital visit into a VERY racy shoot... after launching another foul-mouthed tirade at nemesis Charlotte Crosby Former TOWIE star Elliott Wright's fiancée Sadie Stuart puts on busty display in plunging lilac bikini as the couple enjoy getaway in Tenerife 'He likes what I like: cars, women, jewelry': Kylie Jenner's boyfriend Tyga on raising his 'spoiled' son King Cairo, four Vanessa Hudgens flaunts her impressive abs bin barely-there workout gear while leaving a gym in LA Envy-inducing middle  'Don't judge a book by its cover': Lindsay Lohan cloaks her head in white cloth in new Instagram after 'finding solace' while studying the Koran 'Saltwater hair': Kristin Cavallari bares her cleavage in string bikini during trip to Mexico after moving out of Illinois with husband Jay Cutler 'No big deal!': Kaley Cuoco enjoys beer in plunging top with boyfriend Karl Cook on day trip to Florida for Winter Equestrian Festival Gwyneth Paltrow proves her unusual health routines get results as she shows off natural beauty in Barcelona Kate Moss channels Parisian chic as she cuts a stylish figure in all black while catching up with best friend James Brown in London They won't get a ratings boost from Yeezy! Kanye West is 'NOT in talks to join Ryan Seacrest's revamped American Idol' It's a girl! Supernatural's Jared Padalecki and wife Genevieve Cortese welcome daughter Odette Elliott SPOILER ALERT: What about Ash? Pia Miller stuns in a summery frock as she films 'morning after' scenes for Home and Away with hunky tattooed co-star Jake Ryan Sarah Paulson may play Princess Diana on the next season of Feud which will focus on the royal's tempestuous relationship with Prince Charles Jeremy Kyle receives just £4 from more than 200 passers-by as he BEGS on the street while disguised as a homeless person for an 'extremely humbling' TV experiment 'There's an ache in my heart that never goes away': TOWIE's Carol Wright emotionally marks second Mother's Day without her mother Nanny Pat 'We're still friends': Darius Campbell confirms he and wife Natasha Henstridge are getting divorced despite briefly rekindling romance last year 'You had me at Merlot!': Eva Longoria wears funny statement top as she enjoys kisses from husband José Antonio Bastón Singer Sia wears giant pink bow and one of her quirky wigs to teach kids about the letter S alongside Grover on Sesame Street Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Skip to main content Home Delivery e-Edition Boston Herald Store 37°F Subscribe to the Boston Herald RSS Feed Join the Boston Herald on Facebook Join the Boston Herald on Twitter Join the Boston Herald on Google+ View Boston Herald videos on YouTube Boston Herald Herald Apps Fun & Games Obituaries Tuesday, March 28, 2017 News Local Coverage Local Politics Columnists National U.S. Politics International Offbeat News Obituaries Opinion Editorials Op-Ed Letters to Editor Send a Letter Sports Red Sox Patriots Celtics Bruins College High School Columnists Soccer Golf Other Entertainment Inside Track Celebrity News Arts & Culture Movies Television Music People & Entertainment Weekly Lifestyle Food & Beverage Style & Fashion Travel Health & Fitness Gift Guide Business Automotive Real Estate Technology Blogs Photos Video Radio Classifieds Fargo Street with Tyler Sullivan Listen Live Listen Now Watch Live On Demand Asian markets mixed as US health bill delay raises doubts Associated Press Thursday, March 23, 2017 Credit: The Associated Press FILE - In this Friday, Nov. 13, 2015, file photo, the American flag flies above the Wall Street entrance to the New York Stock Exchange. U.S. stocks are treading water early Thursday, March 23, 2017, as investors wait for news about the fate of the Republican-backed health care bill, a centerpiece of President Donald Trump's business-friendly agenda of cuts to taxes and regulations and greater infrastructure spending. (AP Photo/Richard Drew, File) comments HONG KONG — Asian stock markets are mixed Friday after a U.S. vote on a health care bill was delayed, raising doubts among investors over whether President Donald Trump can push through his business friendly agenda. KEEPING SCORE: Japan's benchmark Nikkei 225 index rose 0.9 percent to 19,253.63 as buying picked up following recent losses. South Korea's Kospi dipped 0.4 percent to 2,164.96 while Hong Kong's Hang Seng slipped 0.1 percent to 24,293.67. The Shanghai Composite index in mainland China crept up 0.1 percent to 3,252.71. Australia's S&P/ASX 200 climbed 1.0 percent to 5,764.50. HEALTH BILL HOLDUP: The decision by House Republicans to put off the vote was weighing on markets. Party leaders postponed the vote on the American Health Care Act because of a lack of support, leading investors to wonder whether gaining passage of more complicated and divisive initiatives like Trump's tax cuts will be even harder. The vote will happen later Friday after Asian markets have closed. ANALYST VIEW: "Markets are likely to remain on hold today as traders wait on the U.S. Congress to resolve its impasse on revision of the 'Obamacare' legislation," Ric Spooner of CMC Markets, said in a commentary, adding, "optimism may be tempered by the fact that the Senate remains a significant obstacle to Trump's health-care legislation even it is passed by Congress." WALL STREET: The Standard & Poor's 500 index fell 0.1 percent to 2,345.96. The Dow was steady at 20,656.58. The Nasdaq composite edged 0.1 percent lower to 5,817.69. The Russell 2000 index, which tracks smaller companies, gained 0.6 percent to 1,353.43. ENERGY: U.S. crude oil futures rose 9 cents to $47.79 a barrel in electronic trading on the New York Mercantile Exchange. The contract lost 34 cents to settle at $47.70 a barrel in New York. Brent crude, used to price international oils, added 5 cents to $50.71 a barrel in London. CURRENCIES: The dollar rose to 111.28 yen from 110.93 yen in late trading Thursday. The euro slid to $1.0762 from $1.0783. More On: Ford Motor Co AT&T Inc Johnson & Johnson Alphabet Inc Verizon Communications Inc Calvin Klein Tommy Hilfiger Donald Trump Share this Article Join the Conversation Top Business Stories business & markets Asian markets mostly higher after Wall Street sinks associated press automotive NuTonomy to keep testing after driverless Uber crash jack encarnacao business & markets New Balance shines spotlight on Boston stars donna goodison Trending Now Grandpa on duty! ‘Papa Steven’ Tyler gives granddaughter Lula Rose her bottle in sweet new snap Reality TV show drops people into the wild for a year, doesn’t tell them show is canceled Punk legend Johnny Rotten supports Trump, Brexit vote Aaron Hernandez’s brother a witness for DA Market Summary and Investments Tweets by @bostonherald ✖ Boston Herald News Local Coverage Local Politics Columnists National US Politics International Offbeat News Obituaries Opinion Op Ed Letters to the Editor Editorials Send a Letter Sports Red Sox Patriots Celtics Bruins Columnist College Soccer Golf High School Other Entertainment Inside Track Celebrity News Arts & Culture Movies Music Television LifeStyle Food & Beverage Style & Fashion Travel Health & Fitness Business Automotive Real Estate Technology Markets More… Classifieds Radio Horoscope Lottery Crossword Contests Weather RSS Feeds Archives Log In Legal Notices Advertise Purchase Back Copies Send a News Tip Contact Us Home Delivery e-Edition Mobile Apps Herald Newsletters Send a Letter to the Editor Boston Herald In Education Mass Literacy ©Copyright by the Boston Herald and Herald Media No portion of BostonHerald.com or its content may be reproduced without the owner's written permission. Privacy Commitment Terms Of Use Top
Today's Top StoriesWATCH NOW GO Personalize your weather by entering a location. Sorry, but the location you entered was not found. Please try again. Sections Traffic Watch San FranciscoEast BaySouth BayPeninsulaNorth Bay Home AccuWeather Traffic Video Photos Apps Local News San FranciscoEast BaySouth BayPeninsulaNorth Bay Categories 7 On Your Side Distraction U.S. & World California Business Technology I-Team Assignment 7 Politics Sports Entertainment Health Station Info About ABC7 Meet the News Team Our Community Contests, Promotions & Rules Jobs & Internships uReport: Your Photos & Videos Shows ABC7 Live Newscasts Beyond The Headlines with Cheryl Jennings ABC7 Specials TV Listings Bay Area LIFE Live Well Network/Laff TV Bay Area Life; Sundays at 6:30 p.m. on ABC7 Follow Us BREAKING NEWS Trump signs executive order rolling back Obama-era energy policies Full Story Email share share tweet email BREAKING NEWS Join ABC7 at the 2017 PBWC Conference in SF Full Story Email share share tweet email BREAKING NEWS LIVE GIRAFFE CAM: Giraffe to give birth to calf Full Story Email share share tweet email EDUCATION Howard University to open campus at Googleplex in Mountain View Email share share tweet email EMBED </>More News Videos <iframe width="476" height="267" src="http://abc7news.com/video/embed/?pid=1815279" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe> Howard University is opening a campus at the Googleplex in Mountain View in an attempt to inspire students, and help them land future jobs at companies like Google. KGO By Jessica Castro Thursday, March 23, 2017 01:27PM SAN FRANCISCO (KGO) -- Howard University is opening a campus at the Googleplex in Mountain View. Imagine the leg up these kids will have when it comes to landing their future jobs. This new idea is to give them a physical space where they will learn the innovative tools they will need for their future careers, all while soaking up the tech culture in Silicon Valley. The sprawling Googleplex located in the heart of Silicon Valley is stuff of movies. Their corporate headquarters in Mountain View does often seem like a university campus and now it really will be for 25 handpicked students from one of the nation's top historically black universities. "We're excited to partner with Howard University to create a more immersive experience," Google's Vice President of Global Partnerships Bonita Stewart said. Google made the announcement Thursday as a new commitment to diversity in tech. Like a study abroad program, but instead of another country, students will come from Washington DC to Silcon Valley. The 12 week summer program will debut this year and is unlike any other, with courses taught by Howard faculty and Google engineers. "To really expose us to what's possible and so we're very excited," Howard University President Wayne Frederick said. The president of Howard University hopes classes will not only inspire students, but also land them future jobs at companies like Google. "African Americans are heavily involved in the tech industry on the user end and clearly we think there's an opportunity to put them on the creation end," Frederick said. Right now, the program is designed for juniors and seniors studying computer science at Howard University, but Stewart told ABC7 News they'll soon include other historically black colleges and universities. "Our goal is to create a robust pipeline and bring in next summer other HBCU's to participate," Stewart said. This is new for Google as the closest thing they had prior was Code Next, where they help find and teach Hispanic and African American high school students interested in technology. Related Topics: educationgoogleAfrican Americanshispanictechnologyu.s. & worldMountain View Email share share tweet email (Copyright ©2017 KGO-TV. All Rights Reserved.) Load Comments Please enable JavaScript to view comments. EDUCATION $5,000 donation to help fund San Jose student's reading program CSU board approves first tuition hike in 6 years About ABC7 Star Scholars Slavery assignment at New Jersey school causing controversy More Education Top Stories Celebrities, politicians speak at PBWC in San Francisco Trump signs executive order rolling back Obama-era energy policies crews removing final Bay Bridge truss San Jose city leaders target scam artists in flooding SJ police arrest man in domestic dispute Join ABC7 at the 2017 PBWC Conference in SF Coroner confirms fourth victim found dead in Oakland fire Show More PHOTOS: 2017 PBWC in San Francisco Oakland Raiders fans mourn the loss of their Silver and Black PHOTOS: ABC7 at the 2017 PBWC in San Francisco ABC7's Kristen Sze speaks at PBWC VIP event in SF Miami Dolphins owner didn't think Oakland Raiders met relocation criteria More News Top Video SJ police arrest man in domestic dispute Celebrities, politicians speak at PBWC in San Francisco San Jose city leaders target scam artists in flooding Coroner confirms fourth victim found dead in Oakland fire More Video Home AccuWeather Traffic Local News San FranciscoEast BaySouth BayPeninsulaNorth Bay Categories Video Photos 7 On Your Side Distraction U.S. & World California Business Technology Station Info About ABC7 Meet the News Team Our Community Contests, Promotions & Rules Jobs & Internships uReport: Your Photos & Videos Shows ABC7 Live Newscasts Beyond The Headlines with Cheryl Jennings ABC7 Specials TV Listings Bay Area LIFE Live Well Network/Laff TV Apps GO Follow Us Home AccuWeather Traffic Video Photos Apps San FranciscoEast BaySouth BayPeninsulaNorth Bay 7 On Your Side Distraction U.S. & World California Business Technology About ABC7 Meet the News Team Our Community Contests, Promotions & Rules Jobs & Internships uReport: Your Photos & Videos Privacy Policy Children's Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Use Interest-Based Ads Public Inspection File Copyright © 2017 ABC Inc., KGO-TV San Francisco. All Rights Reserved. Personalize your weather by entering a location. Sorry, but the location you entered was not found. Please try again. Sections Traffic Watch San FranciscoEast BaySouth BayPeninsulaNorth Bay Home AccuWeather Traffic Video Photos Apps Local News San FranciscoEast BaySouth BayPeninsulaNorth Bay Categories 7 On Your Side Distraction U.S. & World California Business Technology I-Team Assignment 7 Politics Sports Entertainment Health Station Info About ABC7 Meet the News Team Our Community Contests, Promotions & Rules Jobs & Internships uReport: Your Photos & Videos Shows ABC7 Live Newscasts Beyond The Headlines with Cheryl Jennings ABC7 Specials TV Listings Bay Area LIFE Live Well Network/Laff TV Bay Area Life; Sundays at 6:30 p.m. on ABC7 Follow Us GO Follow Us Privacy Policy Children's Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Use Interest-Based Ads Public Inspection File Copyright © 2017 ABC Inc., KGO-TV San Francisco
Login Register Logout Profile Subscribe Home Advertising Blade Plus Blade Vault, Reprints Campus Connection Classifieds Contact Us Coupons Plus Customer Service eBlade BCSN Editions & Apps Events Jobs Homes Most Wanted Obituaries Renew My Subscription Subscribe The Blade in Education Weekly Ads Tuesday, Mar 28, 2017 One of America's Great Newspapers ~ Toledo, Ohio Login Register Logout Profile Subscribe |   Log Out News • Sports • A&E • Business • Opinion Stock Market Stock rally sputters after vote on health bill is delayed U.S. stocks lose an early gain, falling in late trading ASSOCIATED PRESS Published on March 23, 2017 Share Tweet Share Email Comments Print NEW YORK — After a promising start, U.S. stock indexes gave up an early rally and ended mostly lower today after Republicans delayed a vote on their health care bill and left investors concerned about delays for the business-friendly agenda of President Donald Trump. The Dow Jones industrial average rose as much as 96 points just before 1 p.m., but doubts about the bill cast a shadow over the market as hardline conservatives said they didn’t support it. Health care stocks turned lower. RELATED: Searchable stock index Elsewhere, a growing boycott of YouTube advertising hurt Alphabet, Google’s parent company. Smaller companies did better than the rest of the market and more stocks rose than fell, a sign investors are still confident in the U.S. economy. Near the close of trading, House Republican leadership postponed a vote on the American Health Care Act because of a lack of support. Conservatives and more moderate Republicans had opposing concerns about the bill, which is widely disliked by House Democrats. Jamie Cox, managing partner for Harris Financial Group, said investors are worried about how the Republican-controlled Congress and White House will come together on issues including tax reform, a debt ceiling increase, and a boost in infrastructure spending. “If the Republicans are having such a difficult time making changes to something they universally agree upon, how on earth are they going to agree on the more complicated tax cut that is coming through later in the year?” Cox asked. Still, the losses were small, suggesting investors think some of those proposals will be delayed rather than abandoned. The Standard & Poor’s 500 index fell 2.49 points, or 0.1 percent, to 2,345.96. The Dow lost 4.72 points to 20,656.58. The Nasdaq composite slid 3.95 points, or 0.1 percent, to 5,817.69. The Russell 2000 index, which tracks smaller companies, gained 7.83 points, or 0.6 percent, to 1,353.43. Bond prices edged lower. The yield on the 10-year Treasury note, which has skidded over the last few days, rose to 2.42 percent from 2.40 percent. That modest increase gave banks and other financial companies a lift. The S&P 500 banking index had plunged 5 percent over the previous four days as bond yields and interest rates decreased. Banks turned higher today. SunTrust Banks added 67 cents, or 1.2 percent, to $54.85 and Huntington Bancshares rose 24 cents, or 1.9 percent, to $13.02. Alphabet fell as a YouTube advertising boycott spread. Companies including Johnson & Johnson, AT&T and Verizon have suspended their YouTube ad campaigns in the last week because their ads were appearing alongside offensive videos, including some that promoted terrorism. The ads are placed automatically and Google has said it will do more to block offensive videos. YouTube is one of the fastest-growing parts of Google’s ad system. Alphabet lost $10.15, or 1.2 percent, to $839.65. Technology companies lagged the rest of the market. Alphabet is the second-most valuable company on the S&P 500 after Apple. Companies that run Medicaid programs, like Centene and Molina Healthcare, stumbled in afternoon trading and health insurance companies like UnitedHealth and Humana took small losses. Drug companies also fell. Hospital operators traded higher, as did medical device makers. Cox, of Harris Financial, said stocks probably won’t fall much further if the bill ultimately fails because investors will focus on other items on Trump’s agenda. “The market doesn’t care a bit about the health care legislation,” he said. PVH, which owns Calvin Klein and Tommy Hilfiger, jumped after its fourth-quarter profit and sales topped analyst estimates. It said sales for the Hilfiger brand grew in the latest quarter and its business is doing well in spite of high discounts in the U.S. The stock gained $7.70, or 8.5 percent, to $98.55. Discount retailer Five Below also climbed after it surpassed Wall Street projections in its fourth quarter. The stock rose $4.12, or 10.8 percent, to $42.25. Retailers have struggled in recent months, but consumer-focused companies did better than the broader market today. Nike, which plunged 7 percent a day earlier, recovered $1.45, or 2.7 percent, to $55.37. U.S. crude oil lost 34 cents to $47.70 a barrel in New York. Brent crude, used to price international oils, slipped 8 cents to $50.56 a barrel in London. That pulled energy companies lower. In other energy trading, wholesale gasoline fell 1 cent to $1.59 a gallon. Heating oil lost 1 cent to$1.49 a gallon. Natural gas rose 4 cents to $3.05 per 1,000 cubic feet. Gold fell $2.50 to $1,247.20 an ounce, which ended a small five-day streak of gains. Silver rose 2 cents to $17.59 an ounce. Copper picked up 1 cent to $2.64 a pound. The dollar inched up to 111.07 yen from 110.92 yen. The euro slid to $1.0786 from $1.0798. Germany’s DAX jumped 1.1 percent and the CAC 40 in France rose 0.8 percent. Britain’s FTSE 100 index added 0.2 percent. In Japan the Nikkei 225 gained 0.2 percent. Hong Kong’s Hang Seng was flat and the South Korean Kospi gained 0.2 percent.   Related Items U.S. Republican Party , united states , north america , Tommy Hilfiger , Donald Trump , Calvin Klein , Verizon Communications Inc , AT&T Inc , johnson & johnson , UnitedHealth Group Inc , Alphabet Inc , Humana Inc , Ford Motor Co Click to comment Guidelines: Please keep your comments smart and civil. Don't attack other readers personally, and keep your language decent. Comments that violate these standards, or our privacy statement or visitor's agreement, are subject to being removed and commenters are subject to being banned. To post comments, you must be a registered user on toledoblade.com. To find out more, please visit the FAQ. Quis autem vel eum iure reprehenderit qui in ea voluptate velit esse quam nihil molestiae consequatur, vel illum qui dolorem? Temporibus autem quibusdam et aut officiis debitis aut rerum necessitatibus saepe eveniet. Copyright © 2015 Toledo Blade News Toggle All Local East North South West State Nation World Politics Police & Fire Religion Medical Education Technology Courts Deaths Weather Daily Log Special Reports Sports Toggle All High School BGSU Ohio State Michigan UT Mud Hens Walleye Golf Scoreboard A&E Toggle All Art Books Culture Movies Food Music-Theater-Dance Peach Weekender Restaurant Reviews TV-Radio Frogtown Gardening TV Listings Business Toggle All Automotive Economy Energy Stock Market Real Estate Real Estate Transfers Retail Opinion Toggle All Editorial Cartoons Editorials Op-Ed Columns Columnists Letters to the Editor Our Towns Toggle All Bedford Township Holland Maumee Northwood Oregon Ottawa Hills Perrysburg Rossford Springfield Township Sylvania Photo Galleries Weekly Gallery 2017 Videos Hot Topics Blogs Weather Submit Letter to Editor User Commenting Guidelines To Top Fetching stories…
Tech Insider BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 This ex-Googler wants to fix social media and make you a viral Facebook and Twitter superstar Matt Weinberger Mar. 23, 2017, 3:45 PM 3,676 facebook linkedin twitter email print Post Intelligence CEO Bindu Reddy Post Intelligence In 2008, Bindu Reddy left her job as product lead on Google Apps — she was involved in the earliest planning stages of the search giant's ill-fated social networks, Google Buzz and Google+, but saw the writing on the wall. "It was clear that Google was not evolving to be a social company," Reddy told Business Insider. That was a problem for Reddy, who sees social media as a crucial mechanism for anyone, anywhere to have a voice. That's especially true during these politically turbulent times, she said, when social media is enabling people to speak up for what they believe in. Not to mention, having a personal brand can increase career opportunities. The problem, as Reddy sees it, is that in its current form, social media can be overwhelming for anybody who's not a millennial power user. Given the ultimate power to say anything, people often find themselves speechless.  "For normal human beings, social media is always sort of difficult," said Reddy. But at the same time, "if you're not active, you'll get laughed at."  That's why, on Thursday, Reddy launched her new venture, Post Intelligence: A free artificial intelligence-powered personal assistant for social media, designed to turn anybody from zero to hero on Facebook (with Facebook Pages support to start) and Twitter, with more social network support likely coming down the line. Social pivot Post Intelligence is actually one of those famous Silicon Valley pivots: Back in 2010, Reddy and her team launched MyLikes, a platform for helping social media influencers and sponsored content publishers team up. That product gets rolled into Post Intelligence, and taken a step further. Right off the top, Post Intelligence has some key features to help your posts do better: It can suggest times for your social media post to go up to be seen by the most people, as well as give it a score of how well it's likely to perform with your followers. But Bindu says that there's a more existential problem that Post Intelligence is working to solve: "What do you want to expose to your friends?"  Post Intelligence home Everybody wants to establish themselves as an expert, or at least as someone with something insightful to say. The problem is that there's always too much going on in the world to even know where to start. That's why Post Intelligence also prompts you with news articles and tweets that are relevant to your interests — basically, things that act as conversation starters. Combine the two, Reddy says, and you have a set of tools for establishing yourself as an expert in front of a broad audience. In the future, Reddy says, she sees Post Intelligence getting smarter, with better prompts and additional suggestions on how to make yourself into a viral social media superstar. "There are things that people can do easily, but AI lets them go further and faster," Reddy says. As for the business model, Post Intelligence is totally free: It uses some of that MyLikes pedigree to connect you with producers of sponsored posts, so once you have your audience, you can become a brand influencer, Kim Kardashian-style. And Post Intelligence takes a cut.   Get the latest Google stock price here. SEE ALSO: This CEO was so broke he had to crash on Travis Kalanick's couch — now he's raised $18 million from Andreessen Horowitz NOW WATCH: Wendy's is roasting people on Twitter, and it's hilarious Loading video... More: Startups Google Facebook Twitter Social Media facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru This ex-Googler wants to fix social media and make you a viral Facebook and Twitter superstar This ex-Googler wants to fix social media and make you a viral Facebook and Twitter superstar In 2008, Bindu Reddy left her job as product... Recommended For You Disclaimer Featured Craiglist's founder Craig Newmark on overcoming 'my suckage as a manager' More "Idea Factory" » Michael Lewis on how to deal with bosses and control your own career More "Idea Factory" » Tech Insider Emails & Alerts Get the best of Business Insider delivered to your inbox every day. Sign-Up Get the Slide Deck from Henry Blodget's IGNITION Presentation on the Future of Digital     Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2017 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR IT JP
Obituaries Sports Business Classifieds Login Subscribe Login Subscribe Home Customer Service Customer Service Archives Buy Photos and Pages Contact Us Plus E-Edition Newsletters Newspaper in Education Subscribe Subscriber Services News News Local News Bicentennial Communities Cruisin The Coast Latest News Business Casinos Crime DHS Military Politics Crawdaddy Weather State Nation & World By the Way Hurricane Katrina Sports Sports High School Outdoors New Orleans Saints Biloxi Shuckers Southern Miss Mississippi State Ole Miss New Orleans Pelicans Auto Racing Blogs & Columnists Keeping Score Patrick Magee Patrick Ochs Rick Cleveland Brian Allee-Walsh Politics Politics Living Living Religion Food & Drink @Home Health & Fitness Engagement/Wedding Ads Marquee Calendar Comics Puzzles & Games Ask the Expert TV Guide Blogs & Columnists Entertainment Entertainment Mardi Gras Mardi Gras Maps Arts and Culture Celebrities Comics Dining Horoscopes Framed Photos Movie News & Reviews Blogs & Columnists Throwing Shade Opinion Opinion Editorials More Opinions Letters Sound Off Cartoons Blogs & Columnists Paul Hampton Charlie Mitchell Obituaries Shopping Classifieds Jobs Moonlighting Cars Homes Place An Ad About Us Business March 23, 2017 10:16 PM Asian markets mixed as US health bill delay raises doubts FILE - In this Friday, Nov. 13, 2015, file photo, the American flag flies above the Wall Street entrance to the New York Stock Exchange. U.S. stocks are treading water early Thursday, March 23, 2017, as investors wait for news about the fate of the Republican-backed health care bill, a centerpiece of President Donald Trump's business-friendly agenda of cuts to taxes and regulations and greater infrastructure spending. Richard Drew, File AP Photo A man walks past an electronic stock indicator of a securities firm in Tokyo, Thursday, March 23, 2017. Shares were modestly higher Thursday in Asia after Wall Street steadied overnight. Investors are awaiting a vote in the U.S. Congress on health care legislation that is seen as a bellwether for the capacity of the administration of U.S. President Donald Trump to deliver on campaign promises for tax and regulatory reform. Shizuo Kambayashi AP Photo A man looks at an electronic stock indicator of a securities firm in Tokyo, Thursday, March 23, 2017. Shares were modestly higher Thursday in Asia after Wall Street steadied overnight. Investors are awaiting a vote in the U.S. Congress on health care legislation that is seen as a bellwether for the capacity of the administration of U.S. President Donald Trump to deliver on campaign promises for tax and regulatory reform. Shizuo Kambayashi AP Photo 1 of 3 i By KELVIN CHAN AP Business Writer LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story HONG KONG Asian stock markets are mixed Friday after a U.S. vote on a health care bill was delayed, raising doubts among investors over whether President Donald Trump can push through his business friendly agenda. KEEPING SCORE: Japan's benchmark Nikkei 225 index rose 0.9 percent to 19,253.63 as buying picked up following recent losses. South Korea's Kospi dipped 0.4 percent to 2,164.96 while Hong Kong's Hang Seng slipped 0.1 percent to 24,293.67. The Shanghai Composite index in mainland China crept up 0.1 percent to 3,252.71. Australia's S&P/ASX 200 climbed 1.0 percent to 5,764.50. HEALTH BILL HOLDUP: The decision by House Republicans to put off the vote was weighing on markets. Party leaders postponed the vote on the American Health Care Act because of a lack of support, leading investors to wonder whether gaining passage of more complicated and divisive initiatives like Trump's tax cuts will be even harder. The vote will happen later Friday after Asian markets have closed. ANALYST VIEW: "Markets are likely to remain on hold today as traders wait on the U.S. Congress to resolve its impasse on revision of the 'Obamacare' legislation," Ric Spooner of CMC Markets, said in a commentary, adding, "optimism may be tempered by the fact that the Senate remains a significant obstacle to Trump's health-care legislation even it is passed by Congress." WALL STREET: The Standard & Poor's 500 index fell 0.1 percent to 2,345.96. The Dow was steady at 20,656.58. The Nasdaq composite edged 0.1 percent lower to 5,817.69. The Russell 2000 index, which tracks smaller companies, gained 0.6 percent to 1,353.43. ENERGY: U.S. crude oil futures rose 9 cents to $47.79 a barrel in electronic trading on the New York Mercantile Exchange. The contract lost 34 cents to settle at $47.70 a barrel in New York. Brent crude, used to price international oils, added 5 cents to $50.71 a barrel in London. CURRENCIES: The dollar rose to 111.28 yen from 110.93 yen in late trading Thursday. The euro slid to $1.0762 from $1.0783. Related content LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Business Suggested for you Comments Videos facebook twitter email Share More Videos 2:42 A dog transforms a man’s life Pause 1:06 'All I remember is waking up in the woods,' fatal crash suspect says 0:06 Watch a rock sink in quicksand at Round Island 0:20 Two people escape car fire without injury in Harrison County 1:28 This island in Pascagoula has an interior like quicksand 1:33 After father’s death, former Ole Miss coach changes priorities 3:41 His hospital staff rushed to fulfill his final wish: to marry his fiancé 2:45 Bayou View Elementary third grade got 'ants in their pants' 2:10 Mother shares video of her son's 'horrifying' TSA pat-down 2:05 Does pro-life mean pro-Trump? Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email 11 days ago Gaming commission votes to deny two casino applications 1:44 11 days ago Gaming commission votes to deny two casino applications 0:31 a month ago Take an aerial tour of Deer and Cat islands 0:31 a month ago Interactive theater show coming to Scarlet Pearl Casino View more video Business Need a summer job or side hustle? Harrah’s Casino is hiring. Remember those exploding Samsung phones? They plan to refurbish and sell them again Restaurant markups explained Coast business people honored as best in state Pinkston Music about to play its last song Editor's Choice Videos Subscriptions Digital & Home Subscriptions Subscriber Services E-Edition Home Delivery Vacation Hold Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us Photo Store Archive Search Social, Mobile & More Mobile Facebook Twitter YouTube Google+ Instagram Advertising Quick Finder Place a Classified Place an Obituary Local Deals Shopping Today's Circulars Copyright Privacy Policy Terms of Service Subscriptions Digital & Home Subscriptions Subscriber Services E-Edition Home Delivery Vacation Hold Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us Photo Store Archive Search Social, Mobile & More Mobile Facebook Twitter YouTube Google+ Instagram Advertising Quick Finder Place a Classified Place an Obituary Local Deals Shopping Today's Circulars More Copyright Privacy Policy Terms of Service
Computerworld Google: Half of Android devices haven’t been patched in a year or more News Technology News Business Cloud Computing Data Centre Gaming Dev Government Infrastructure Mobility Networking Open Source Security Servers Social Networking Software Software Development Storage Tech Planet Telecoms Tutorials Unified Comms Virtualisation Tools Blogs Editorial Contacts Events IT Media Releases Join Computerworld Newsletters NBN RSS Slideshows Vendor View Videos Zones Jobs Whitepapers All Whitepapers Business + Management Cloud Computing CRM Data Centre Data Management Disaster Recovery Network Security Storage Telecommunications Unified Communications Virtualisation Wireless Other Whitepapers Login Forgot password? Sign up now to get free exclusive access to reports, research and invitation only events. Twitter Facebook Google: Half of Android devices haven’t been patched in a year or more Company is working on more ways to streamline update process to boost uptake Gregg Keizer (Computerworld (US)) 24 March, 2017 06:41 - - - - print email Comments Google engineers yesterday acknowledged that half of all Android devices had not received a security update in the past year, even as they argued that the firm has made progress in streamlining the open-source operating system's patching process. "About half of devices in use at the end of 2016 had not received a platform security update in the previous year," Adrian Ludwig and Mel Mille, members of the Android security team, said in a post to a company blog. Although Google has issued monthly security updates for Android since 2015 -- and deploys those patches to Nexis and Pixel devices as soon as they're available -- other device makers often take weeks or months to push updates to customers, or never do. Android's update problem is not new -- it's been in stark contrast to other operating systems, notably iOS, macOS and Windows, since Android's inception -- and is baked into the relationship between Google and the hardware manufacturers who build and sell phones. In comparison, Apple claimed that 79% of all iOS devices were running iOS 10 as of Feb. 20. That meant nearly eight out of every 10 iOS device owners had updated at least once since mid-September 2016, or in the previous five months. Ludwig and Mille asserted that Google has been working, and would continue to do so, on streamlining the update process "to make it easier for manufacturers to deploy security patches." In a year-in-review report on Android security issued by Google yesterday, the company was a bit more specific about the progress it believes had been made. By 2016's fourth quarter, more than half of the global top-50 Android devices had "a recent security patch," the report said, but without describing how recent. Google also claimed that through an expedited approval process, hardware and carrier approval times for security updates had been reduced from "over one month to less than one week." Yet few Android devices can boast of impressive patch rates. And of the 15 models that reached an update rate of 60% or more -- meaning that by the end of last year they had been updated at least once since Oct. 1, 2016 -- six were Google-sold Nexis or Pixel devices. 7 Habits of the Effective Network Manager More from NetScout Join the Computerworld newsletter! Join Error: Please check your email address. Tags Daily BriefingGoogle More about AppleGoogle Editor's Recommendations Telstra loses fight against wholesale price cuts ACCC not sold on some changes to key NBN agreement ‘Gigatown’: MyRepublic launches gigabit broadband competition NT govt unloads on NBN satellite, pushes for fixed wireless ACCC upbeat on support for broadband speed monitoring program Blackmores, Aus Post back Alibaba’s blockchain-based anti-fraud efforts Read more Netscout Partner Zone Web Events Cloud Migration: The Comprehensive Checklist to Success Tomorrow's success comes from today's data Leading the Tech Agenda in STEM Education Related Whitepapers Accelerate Your Glide Path to AWS Cloud Migration 7 Habits of the Effective Network Manager Detecting a Phising Email Responding to Today’s Advanced Threats Show Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Read next Banks ill-equipped for proposed APRA data demands ACCC not sold on some changes to key NBN agreement ​CISO 101: Securing the expanding attack surface and demonstrating ROI CSO Online In pictures: Leading the Tech Agenda in STEM Education: Preparing Youth for ... In pictures: Leading the Tech Agenda in STEM Education: Preparing Youth for ... Optus strikes new managed services deal with EnergyAustralia Editorial Contacts Advertising Information Privacy Policy RSS Newsletters Events Whitepapers News Zones IT Media Releases Slideshows Videos Copyright 2017 IDG Communications. ABN 14 001 592 650. All rights reserved. Reproduction in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of IDG Communications is prohibited. IDG Sites: PC World | GoodGearGuide | CIO | CMO | CSO | Techworld | ARN | CIO Executive Council
  Register Sign In × Sign In Register home practice areas + − Appellate Class Actions & Product Liability Corporate & Securities Intellectual Property Labor & Employment The Legal Industry + − Contributors Law Firms In House Law Schools alm intelligence Rankings resources events About Us Contact Us Advertise Privacy Policy eNewsletters Subscribe FOLLOW US facebook twitter linkedin rss feed All Practice Areas Appellate Class Actions & Product Liability Corporate & Securities Intellectual Property Labor & Employment Industry News Contributors Law Firms In House Law Schools practice areas All Practice Areas Appellate Class Actions & Product Liability Corporate & Securities Intellectual Property Labor & Employment The Legal Industry Industry News Contributors Law Firms In House Law Schools Rankings resources Lawyers Using Social Media Lack Framework for What's Allowed David Ruiz Corporate Counsel CONTINUE In Trump U Case, an Attack on the Lawyer Who Wants to Hold Up $25M Deal Amanda Bronstad The National Law Journal What to Know About Makan Delrahim, Trump's Antitrust Division Pick C. Ryan Barber The National Law Journal Arizona Summit Law School Slapped With Probation Karen Sloan Law.Com Law Students Share How It Feels to Win a Man’s Freedom Karen Sloan Law.Com Step Aside, Gentlemen. Women in Law Schools Take the Lead › News Meet Heather Gerken, Yale's First Woman Law Dean By Karen Sloan|The National Law Journal Profile First Prison, Then a Skadden Fellowship News Legal Writing Professors Say Pay System Is Unfair to Women News Forced to Resign, US Attorney Takes Job at Michigan Law School Instant Insights LATEST LEGAL NEWS Meet the Litigator Who Saved a Law Firm from Sanctions and Shame Katheryn Hayes Tucker Daily Report Discrimination Claim Based on Gender Stereotypes Is Revived Mark Hamblett New York Law Journal 5 Questions: Robert F. Kennedy Jr. Talks Environmental Law, Skakel Murder Robert Storace The Connecticut Law Tribune Why Patent Ruling That 'Ignored' Supreme Court Precedent May Stand Scott Graham The Recorder Just an ‘Ordinary Guy,’ Lawyer Dishes on Surviving Rothstein, Battling Epstein Celia Ampel Daily Business Review Religious Health Systems, Facing ERISA Liability, Pin Hope on Justices Marcia Coyle The National Law Journal The Science and Magic of Content Marketing Adam Kosloff Marketing The Law Firm Popular     Law Firm Spinoffs an Option as Lawyers Look to Go Lean Outspoken Patent Critic Lee Cheng Leaves Newegg Supreme Court May Preserve EDTX Grip on Patent Cases Law Prof Charged in $4M Embezzlement Scheme M&A's Missing Women PRACTICE UPDATES Latest Practice Areas Planning for Digital Assets Jonathan E. Gopman and Michael Sneeringer Pollution Exclusion Precluded Coverage for Claims Arising from Alleged Carbon Monoxide Poisoning, Oregon District Court Rules Steven A. Meyerowitz Minimizing Distraction: Jurors in the Age of Technology Eric Rosen MORE NEWS Appellate Corporate and Securities Intellectual Property Labor and Employment Class Actions and Product Liability MORE NEWS Trump’s proposed EPA budget cuts underscore the role of next generation enforcement Proposal for dramatic reductions in EPA staff and budget could lead to uneven environmental enforcement as states, tribes and environmental groups fill the vacuum. Download New law on indigenous land use agreements in Australia The Federal Government has introduced the Native Title Amendment (Indigenous Land Use Agreements) Bill 2017 in response to the recent decision in McGlade v Native Title Registrar [2017] FCAFC 10. Download Cyber risk: practical actions to improve data security This checklist sets out practical actions trustees can take to improve data security and reduce cybersecurity risk. Download MiFID II/ MiFIR and Asset Management – In a nutshell This short guide covers some of the key areas asset managers should consider to ensure they are aware of a broad range of new and enhanced requirements placed upon them under MiFID II and MiFIR. Download April 2017 employment law changes April will be a busy month for employment lawyers and HR professionals; this briefing provides a summary of the key changes. Download Changes to the UK nuclear liability regime The Nuclear Installations (Liability For Damage) Order 2016 was made on 4 May 2016 and is expected to become law in early 2017. This report examines the implications. Download Who should be smart about smart contracts? What are the features of smart contracts that make them more suitable to some sectors than others? Download Building the modern legal practice: the pressures forcing law firms to modernise Legal Week, in partnership with Microsoft, recently conducted a survey of partners, associates and other legal professionals on the state of technology at their firms. This panel discussion looks where there is room for improvement and how law firms can stay relevant to their clients. Download AIG Europe Limited v Woodman and others On 22 March 2017, the Supreme Court handed down judgment in the case of AIG Europe Limited v Woodman and others. This briefing examines the case. Download Blockchain – A new era for the energy market? In the energy sector, blockchain technology can be used to provide an automated transaction model with no or limited third-party intermediaries. Download PRACTITIONER INSIGHTS Using Background Checks to Hire and Retain Employees Litigation in Twitter Nation: When You Can and Can’t Tweet in #Court Minimizing Distraction: Jurors in the Age of Technology A Constitutional Checklist Expedite your Settlement Using Bracketing CONTINUE FEATURED FIRMS Law Offices of Joe Bornstein 5 Moulton St, Portland, ME 04101 207-772-4624 | www.joebornstein.com The Mike Slocumb Law Firm 111 S. Calvert Street Suite 2700, Baltimore, MD 21202 334-741-4110 | www.slocumblaw.com Pasternack Tilker Ziegler Walsh Stanton & Romano L.L.P. 233 Broadway, Suite 820, New York, NY 10279 347-983-1764 | www.workerslaw.com HOT SEAT Ohio Innocence Project Handed $15 Million Donation When Work and Politics Collide, What Is an Employer to Do? 25 Years Later: Anita Hill On Sexual Harassment, Pay Equity and Title IX Federal Circuit Slams Acacia for Fostering Attorney Conflict ‘Blurred Lines’ Lawyer Keeps On Rocking the Recording Industry CONTINUE SOCIAL Tweets by @lawdotcom © 2017 ALM Media Properties, LLC. All Rights Reserved Privacy Policy | ALM License Agreement Sections Practice Areas The Legal Industry Insights Resources Tools Search Legal Dictionary Mobile App Site Map Law.com About ALM Reprints Contact Us Terms of Use Privacy Policy Law.com Law Journal Newsletters The American Lawyer Litigation Daily Asian Lawyer Corporate Counsel Legaltech News The National Law Journal Legal Times The Supreme Court Brief Commercial Litigation Insider Connecticut Law Tribune Daily Business Review (FL) Delaware Law Weekly Delaware Business Court Insider Daily Report (GA) The Legal Intelligencer (PA) New Jersey Law Journal New York Law Journal The Recorder (CA) Texas Lawyer ALM Network of Legal Publications, Events, Research, and Intelligence Tools + LIST SITES © 2017 ALM Media Properties, LLC. All Rights Reserved.
Ad Age Creativity Lookbook Datacenter Resources Events Careers On Campus Follow us Follow on Facebook Follow on Twitter Follow on Google+ Follow on LinkedIn Follow on Pinterest Follow on Instagram Follow on YouTube Follow on Tumblr Follow via RSS |   , Logout LOG IN SUBSCRIBE NOW , Logout SUBSCRIBE NOW Advertising Age Advertising Age Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video Search Menu Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video , Logout SUBSCRIBE NOW LOG IN SUBSCRIBE NOW , Logout Adage Creativity Lookbook Datacenter Resources Events Careers On Campus Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google+ Close Advertising Age Sections Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video Latest Editor's Picks Most Popular LOG IN SUBSCRIBE NOW Search Will Flatout Get a Boost From Weight Watchers Endorsement? By Jessica Wohl - 58 minutes ago Array 0 Chrissy Teigen and Smirnoff Take Shots at 'Crafty' Rivals By E.J. Schultz - 58 minutes ago Array 0 Actor Jeffrey Wright Takes the Stage to Uncover the Real 'Magic' of Dell Technologies By Ann-Christine Diaz - 58 minutes ago Array 0 Bugaboo Grows Up With New Luggage Line, Campaign By Adrianne Pasquarelli - 58 minutes ago Array 0 Watch the Newest Ads on TV From Jolly Rancher, Dell, MetroPCS and More By Catherine Gin - 12 hours ago Array 0 Politics Might Be Everywhere, but Probably Not in the TV Upfronts By Jeanine Poggi - 16 hours ago 0 Dear Sears, It's Time To Hang Up Your Toughskins By Judann Pollack - 15 hours ago 0 Brand Safety Issues Go Way Beyond YouTube By Emma Hall - 20 hours ago 0 Condom Brand Durex Is Now Making Jeans By Ann-Christine Diaz - 19 hours ago 0 AB InBev Kicks Off Global Media Agency Review By E.J. Schultz - Yesterday 0 J&J and Verizon Join Major Marketers Suspending YouTube Advertising By Jack Neff - Yesterday 0 Facebook Just Changed the Mobile Web Landscape With Header Bidding By George Slefo - Yesterday 0 Coke Global CMO to Depart Amid Leadership Changes By E.J. Schultz - 23 hours ago 0 SXSW Music: What Is Wrong With Us? By Geoff Cottrill - 2 days ago 0 AB InBev Kicks Off Global Media Agency Review By E.J. Schultz - Yesterday 0 Aleady a member? Sign in Get More From Ad Age Register to become a member today. You'll get the essential information you need to do your job better, including 7 free articles per month on Ad Age and Creativity Ability to comment on articles and creative work Access to 9 custom e-newsletters like Ad Age Daily, Ad Age Digital and CMO Strategy To get unlimited content and more benefits, check out our Membership page Register Now Want more Access, Content & Connections? We are glad you are enjoying Advertising Age. To get uninterrupted access and additional benefits, become a member today. Upgrade to Membership Already a member? Log in or go back to the homepage. Hey, there. It looks like you're using an ad blocker. The news and features are funded in part by our advertisers. To support Ad Age and the industry we cover please either: SUBSCRIBE or WHITELIST US Marketers Halting YouTube Buys Puts Pressure on Media Shops By Lindsay Stein, Jeanine Poggi. Published on March 23, 2017. Most Popular The move by major marketers like AT&T, Verizon, Johnson & Johnson and GlaxoSmithKline to halt spending on YouTube due to ads running next to unsafe content is pushing media agencies to pressure Google to create a safer environment for advertisers. YouTube logo Credit: YouTube The biggest concern is over Google's self-policing process and at least several agencies are reviewing how they are working with Google moving forward. "Brand safety is a critical factor across all channels that we manage for our clients. Our immediate priority has been to work with Google to address our concerns and hold the organization accountable for any questionable activity," a Horizon Media spokeswoman said. Horizon is in the process of working with Google and its YouTube third-party data partners to conduct a brand safety audit against its Google Direct YouTube buys across all clients. "We have communicated to Google that their self-policing processes are not adequate and we expect Google to announce new safety precautions in the coming days," the spokeswoman said. "Until those new safety precautions are evaluated, we have recommended to our clients that we reevaluate their campaign activity." Publicis Media told Ad Age in a statement that its "reviewing how we work with [Google] moving forward." The media network, which is comprised of Mediavest Spark, Zenith, Blue449, Starcom and Performics, added in the statement that Publicis Media "is committed to being at the forefront of rigorous brand safety, viewability and verification standards and protocols." "We hold all publishers, including Google and YouTube, accountable to ensure that the highest standards of advertising are consistently met. Clearly, Google has fallen short of these standards," the statement continued. WPP's GroupM, which houses MEC, Maxus, Mindshare, MediaCom, Essence and more, said in a statement that the network "welcomes the commitments" around expanded safeguards for advertisers that Google Chief Business Officer Philipp Schindler wrote about in his blog on Tuesday. The statement highlights the fact that Google has promised "improved brand safety systems to detect, identify and eliminate unacceptable content." GroupM added that it looks forward "to the details about the tools and a sense of what improvement benchmarks we should expect," and hopes for "quick delivery of the tools that can be deployed, as many thousands of campaigns are involved." GroupM, the world's largest ad buyer, has been working with GlaxoSmithKline on media for several years. The group declined to comment on its client's decision to pull ad spending from Google. MediaCom USA Chief Digital and Analytics Officer Steve Carbone told Ad Age that the agency, which takes brand safety seriously, has not had any clients pull advertising from YouTube or Google at this time. "As per GroupM's statement, advertising on platforms where content is user-generated and not curated, like YouTube, poses inherent brand safety risks," said Mr. Carbone. "We vigorously pursue every brand safety precaution and technology available to mitigate these risks, and we encourage our clients to make use of these tools." Mr. Carbone said the agency has encouraged the development of solutions with Google, Facebook, Snapchat and other partners, but "a 100% foolproof system may not be possible" and "it's important that brands know this and proceed with caution, and with every protection possible." Omnicom Media Group, which includes OMD, PHD and Hearts & Science, said in a statement: "Google's proposed actions hold the promise of enhanced brand safety and an improvement in advertiser confidence. Having said that, the proof of these measures remains to be seen. Therefore, together with each of our clients, we are carefully and continually assessing the situation." Related Stories J&J and Verizon Join Major Marketers Suspending YouTube Advertising Brand Safety Issues Go Way Beyond YouTube, Says Advertising Week Europe Panel Now AT&T Halts YouTube Ad Buys Over Brand Safety Concerns Havas Freezes All Google and YouTube Ad Spend in the U.K. Google Admits Brand Safety Is a Global Problem The group declined to comment on the fact that Hearts & Science client AT&T halted its advertising with Google for anything but keyword search on Wednesday. IPG Mediabrands' Magna Global committed to spend $250 million on Google Preferred, which offers premium inventory on YouTube, between October 2016 through December 2017, shifting money out of TV. The situation does not impact this committment, said David Cohen, president-North America, Magna Global, noting that 99.9% of Google Preferred inventory is safe. And in instances where brand messaging is showing up, Mr. Cohen said the number of impressions being impacted are very low, in many cases under 100. "It is worth saying this whole topic on brand safety in digital advertising has been going on for a long time," Mr. Cohen told Ad Age, adding that he has received screenshots of ads running next to questionable content on a regular basis throughout the past 20 years. He added that the agency is pushing Google for a third-party company to help monitor and prevent ads from being served in questionable content, but has yet to come to a resolution on the matter. Last week, Johnny Hornby, founder of WPP-backed The&Partnership, called for advertisers to withdraw from YouTube and unsafe brand environments at the Guardian Media Summit unless platforms, like Google, allowed independent third-party ad verification. Mr. Hornby said none of his clients have had to pull ad spending with YouTube because he has actively advised them not to spend there since the platform doesn't allow ad verification software. According to a study commissioned by The&Partnership and m/SIX last year and conducted by technology company Adloox, ad fraud may have cost advertisers $12.48 billion globally in 2016, accounting for nearly 20% of the $66 billion spent on digital advertising. The&Partnership has not recommended for advertisers to pull from Google Search because Mr. Hornby said Google Display and Google Exchange allows third-party verification software. However, he added that Google "should more than allow it, but recommend it or insist on it." Mr. Cohen said Google's blog post was too vague for clients to feel like they're being heard, and while the company offers some fixes, it didn't provide a full solution. "Right now we are taking a calm, thoughtful, measured approach and trying to do what's smart," he said. "We do not see wholesale clients flocking away from the platform. But if we don't see Google do more I can't say that won't be the case." Hearst-owned iCrossing is advising clients away from pulling spending with YouTube at the moment and rather focus on "safeguarding their brand" with accredited verification partners to monitor where ads are running. Mike Racic, president-media services iCrossing, said in a statement that "moves to alienate YouTube ads are short sighted," adding that "the targeted reach opportunity lost by pulling ads from YouTube -- or programmatic platforms -- outweighs the few isolated incidents that are often sparked by media coverage." For Google's display networks, however, the agency is "recommending pulling back from any non-premium, open ended buying." "We might never arrive at a point where the digital environment is 100% clean of these issues given the pace of technology advancement in media and marketing," said Mr. Racic. "But what can be achieved immediately are advertisers and their partners raising their expectations and standards as we work through these types of challenges." Representatives from Havas, which helped jumpstart this controversy last week when it pulled its U.K. clients' ads from Google and YouTube, did not respond to inquiry for comment. In this article: Agencies Digital Digital Video Media Programmatic Social Technology Become a Member Register Now Renew Membership Benefits Datacenter Advertising Age     Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Instagram YouTube Tumblr Copyright © 1994-2017 Crain Communications Privacy Statement Terms of Use About Us Advertise Reprints Contact Us AD AGE Creativity LookBook Datacenter Resources Events Jobs On Campus Site by AREA 17
SiliconValley.com Twitter Facebook Google+ RSS   Social Web Mobile Cloud Gadgets Cleantech VC Data Games Policy Media   Google, YouTube see more brands pull ads over extremist videos By Levi Sumagaysay / March 23, 2017 at 12:19 PM Extremist and offensive content on YouTube is becoming a big, fat and expensive headache for Google as more advertisers pull their ads. Last week, several brands in the United Kingdom, including the British government, began to cancel advertising on YouTube after a Times of London article that was published in February. The Times found that many brands’ ads are appearing alongside offensive content, such as homophobic and anti-Semitic videos, videos supporting terrorism or featuring former Ku Klux Klan leader David Duke. U.S. companies such as AT&T, Verizon, Johnson & Johnson and others began pulling their ads this week. The Times reports Thursday that the value of the ads pulled from Google and YouTube amount to hundreds of millions of dollars. When asked about this figure, the company told SiliconBeat Thursday: “We don’t comment on individual customers but as announced, we’ve begun an extensive review of our advertising policies and have made a public commitment to put in place changes that give brands more control over where their ads appear.” That is what Google announced earlier this week, and the company also said it would hire more people to screen content. The Mountain View company has grown to be an advertising behemoth in part because of software that allows for mostly automated placement of ads. Eric Schmidt, executive chairman of Google parent Alphabet, said on Fox Business Network’s “Mornings with Maria” Thursday that “because the ads come from everywhere, every once in a while an ad will come in that was sort of, somebody was trying to sneak it in, if you will, get underneath our rules and violate our Terms of Service.” He added that the company “can’t guarantee” that ads won’t be placed on offensive content, “but we can get pretty close.” Schmidt added that Google and YouTube’s vast reach complicates things, of course. The company has said 400 hours of video are uploaded to YouTube every minute. “YouTube… went from about 100 million hours of watched per day, to 1 billion hours of YouTube watched globally per day,” he said on the Fox show. “It’s an extraordinary platform and an extraordinary responsibility.” Google shares, which started off the week with a downgrade, are down nearly 1.5 percent to $838.44 Thursday. But at least one analyst, Scott Kessler of CFRA Research, is keeping a “strong buy” rating on the stock despite the company’s advertising woes. “We have related concerns, but think GOOGL will successfully work through these issues,” Kessler said. According to various media reports, other companies that have pulled their ads from YouTube include Enterprise, Volkswagen, Toyota, Heinz, Volvo and more.   Photo: AT&T, Verizon and several other major advertisers are suspending their ad campaigns on Google’s YouTube after discovering their brands have been appearing alongside videos promoting terrorism and other unsavory subjects. (Richard Vogel/AP) Share this: Email Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Reddit Google More Pinterest Tumblr   Tags: ads, Advertising, extremism, extremist, Google, videos, youtube   More Posts in GMSV On topic: Tech news to know now March 28, 2017   Apple’s iOS update helps find lost AirPods, empowers Siri, more March 28, 2017   Off topic: Side hustle, gold-coin theft, women and passports, adoptee’s story March 28, 2017       Share this Post Tweet               Tweets from @siliconbeat/siliconbeat   Popular Posts Google Android inventor Andy Rubin offers peek of new… Apple’s iOS update helps find lost AirPods, empowers… 14 things to know about America’s fastest-growing app Google self-driving vehicle spin-off Waymo follows the… Activists to target lawmakers who vote against net privacy…     Archives Archives Select Month March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 March 2009 February 2009 January 2009 December 2008 November 2008 October 2008 September 2008 August 2008 July 2008 June 2008 May 2008 April 2008 March 2008 February 2008 January 2008 December 2007 November 2007 October 2007 September 2007 August 2007 July 2007 June 2007 May 2007 April 2007 March 2007 February 2007 January 2007 December 2006 November 2006 October 2006 September 2006 August 2006 July 2006 June 2006 May 2006 April 2006 March 2006 February 2006 January 2006 December 2005 November 2005 October 2005 September 2005 August 2005 July 2005 June 2005 May 2005 April 2005 March 2005 February 2005   Related Feeds 60-Second Business Break Green Energy News Opinion Personal Tech Venture Capital   About SiliconBeat Sign up for the Good Morning Silicon Valley newsletter                       Education WordPress Theme by Copyright © 2017 Bay Area News Group. All Rights Reserved   Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Computerworld 18 free cloud storage options News Technology News Business Cloud Computing Data Centre Gaming Dev Government Infrastructure Mobility Networking Open Source Security Servers Social Networking Software Software Development Storage Tech Planet Telecoms Tutorials Unified Comms Virtualisation Tools Blogs Editorial Contacts Events IT Media Releases Join Computerworld Newsletters NBN RSS Slideshows Vendor View Videos Zones Jobs Whitepapers All Whitepapers Business + Management Cloud Computing CRM Data Centre Data Management Disaster Recovery Network Security Storage Telecommunications Unified Communications Virtualisation Wireless Other Whitepapers Login Forgot password? Sign up now to get free exclusive access to reports, research and invitation only events. Twitter Facebook 18 free cloud storage options There’s Box, DropBox, Drive and iCloud, but which is right for you? Brandon Butler (Network World) 24 March, 2017 05:49 - - - - print email Comments The cloud is full of free storage, if you know where to look. From Box to DropBox, Google to Apple, there’s plenty of free storage to be had in the cloud. Many companies use free cloud storage as a way to entice users into their clouds in hopes that they will pay more for additional storage. Below, in alphabetical order, are 18 free cloud services – but a word of warning: The market for free cloud storage is volatile and offers from these vendors can change frequently, including being eliminated with little or no warning. + ALSO ON NETWORK WORLD: 7 ways to supercharge your personal cloud storage+ Amazon Cloud The deal: 5GB free in S3; free unlimited photo storage for Amazon Prime customers. Details: Amazon Web Service’s business-oriented cloud storage service named Simple Storage Service (S3) has a tier of up to 5GB of free storage. On the consumer side, Amazon Prime members get free unlimited cloud storage for photos in Amazon Cloud Drive with their subscription, which costs $99 per year and includes free two-day shipping on eligible Amazon.com products. For non Amazon-prime members, unlimited photos can be stored for $11.99 per year after a three-month free trial. For $59.99 per year Amazon offers an “Unlimited Everything” plan, which allows any file or document to be stored. More information: Amazon Cloud Drive and Amazon S3                                              Apple iCloud Drive The deal: 5GB of free cloud storage Details: Apple iCloud Drive comes with 5GB of free cloud storage. Users looking to bump up their storage can do so for $0.99/month for 50GBs; $2.99/month for 200GB; $9.99/month for 1TB and $19.99 for 2TB. ICloud is meant for Apple users, but there is an iCloud app for Windows. A third-party app is needed to access iCloud storage from Android devices. More information: Apple iCloud Backblaze The deal: 10GB free cloud storage Details: Backblaze offers personal computer backup and business cloud storage services. But it also has an offer for 10GB of free cloud storage. Additional storage is $0.005/GB/month. There is a limit in the free version of 1GB downloaded per day. Mac and PC backups are $5 per computer per month, or $50 per year. Business plans start at $5 per computer per month, or $5 per month per TB. More information: Backblaze pricing Box The deal: 10GB of free cloud storage Details: Box offers a number of plans, but the basic, single-user free plan comes with 10GB of free storage, with a 250MB file upload size limit. A Personal Pro plan is $10 per month for 100GB of storage with a 5GB upload limit. The company’s other plans are targeted at teams and businesses and include more stringent security measures. A starter package for $5 per month comes with 100GB of storage and a 2-GB file size limit for up to 10 users. A Business account for $15 per month includes unlimited storage with a 5-GB file size limit. Custom-priced enterprise plans are also available. More information: Box Dropbox The deal: 2GB of free cloud storage Details: Beyond the 2GB of free storage, other plans start at $9.99 per month or $99.99 per year for DropBox Plus, which comes with 1TB of space. DropBox Business offers companies 2TB of storage for $12.50 per user per month, or for $20 per user per month the company offers “as much space as you need.” More information: DropBox FlipDrive The deal: 10GB free cloud storage Details: FlipDrive’s 10GB of free storage comes with a 25MB file size limit and up to 10 share links. For $5 per month users get 25GB; 100GB for $10 per month or $20 per month for 250GB. FlipDrive offers online photo albums to organize pictures and a contact management system for storing contacts. More information: FlipDrive pricing Google Drive The deal: 15GB of free cloud storage Details: If you need more than the 15GB of free cloud storage, for $1.99 per month customers get 100GB of storage, and for $9.99 per month customers receive 1TB of storage. Any data associated with your Google email account counts against your Drive storage limit, but anything stored in Google Docs, Sheets or Slides does not count against the 15GB limit. When using Google Photos, images stored in “Original Quality” count against the 15GB storage limit, but storing them in “High quality” mode does not count against the quota. More information: Google Drive HiDrive The deal: 5GB of free cloud storage Details: Beyond the 5GB of free cloud storage, up to 100GB cost $6.30.month and 500GB costs $12.50 per month. HiDrive is hosted by Starto AG, a German technology company. More information: HiDrive HubiC The deal: 25GB of free cloud storage Details: HubiC is the commercial storage arm of French business cloud provider OVH, which offers a broader set of features related to hosting. HubiC’s prices are in Euros, but 100GB of storage is about $1.06 per month, while 10TB is $5.30 per month. More information: HubiC pricing IDrive The deal: 5GB of free cloud storage Details: Users can get additional storage by referring friends; or a 1TB plan is available for about $52 per year. There is also a business service with additional granular security controls that starts at about $75 per user per month. More information: IDrive JumpShare The deal: 2GB of free cloud storage Details: Jumpshare offers 1TB of storage for $9.99 a month, or $99 per year. Jumpshare offers a series of advanced features, such as links to documents stored in the cloud that expire after a certain amount of time and ‘self-destruct’ features that give customers the option to delete data after a pre-determined time. Users can also get customer URLs and branding, scheduled sharing, as well as analytics of how many people have consumed information that’s been shared. More information: Jumpshare Mega The deal: 50GB of free cloud storage Details: Founded by famed internet provocateur Kim Dotcom, Mega offers one of the must lucrative deals in the cloud: 50GB of free storage. Users can get 4TB for about $9 per month (the company uses Euros). A word of warning: New Zealand-based Mega does not store users’ passwords, so the company recommends you keep a secondary backup of files stored in the service. Basically this means that if you lose your password, Mega can’t help you recover it. More information: Mega Microsoft OneDrive The Deal: 5GB free storage Details: Microsoft OneDrive (formerly SkyDrive) comes with 5GB of free cloud storage (which changed from 15GB of free storage in mid-2016). Additional storage is 50GB for $1.99 per month, while 1TB costs $6.99 per month. Microsoft offers other goodies too, including an extra 15GB of storage when you backup your camera roll to OneDrive, and customers can get an extra 5GB by referring friends (refer up to 10 friends at 500MB free for each friend). Microsoft Office, which gives access to Microsoft apps such as Word, Excel and Outlook, costs $6.99 per month (or $69.99 per year) and comes with 1TB of storage. More information: Microsoft OneDrive pCloud The deal: 20GB of free cloud storage Details: pCloud offers initial customers 10GB of free cloud storage space, and users can get up to an additional 10GB by inviting friends to the service. For even more space, pCloud offers 500GBs for $4.99 per month or $47.88 per year; or $9.99 per month or $95.88 per year for 2TB. pCloud started in 2013 and is based in Switzerland. More information: pCloud OziBox The deal: 10GB of free cloud storage Details: OziBox is built on the idea of a community of self-proclaimed SuperCoders who have built the platform. Beyond the 10GB of free cloud storage, users can get 200GB for $8.33 per month for 180 days, or 1 TB for $24.99 per month for 180 days. Sync.com The deal: 5GB free cloud storage Details: Sync positions itself as a business-oriented file synch and share platform. A pro version for $8 per month, billed annually, includes 2TB of storage while a business plan is $5 per user per month billed annually that includes 1TB of storage per user. More information: Sync.com Syncplicity The deal: 10 GB of free cloud storage Details: Syncplicity offers an enterprise file synch and share service (EFSS), which is meant to compete with Box. It offers a personal plan that comes with 10GB free per month and has other business-oriented plans starting at $60 per month, which comes with 300GB, plus 5GB for each user. More information: Syncplicity Yandex.Disk The deal: 10GB free cloud storage Details: Yandex.Disk is the cloud storage arm of the popular Russian search engine Yandex. For $1 per month. users can get an extra 10GB, or for $2 per month 100GB. One TB is $10 per month. More information: Yandex pricing 7 Habits of the Effective Network Manager More from NetScout Join the Computerworld newsletter! Join Error: Please check your email address. More about Amazon.comAppleCustomDropboxExcelGoogleMicrosoftSimpleSwitzerlandSyncplicity Editor's Recommendations Telstra loses fight against wholesale price cuts ACCC not sold on some changes to key NBN agreement ‘Gigatown’: MyRepublic launches gigabit broadband competition NT govt unloads on NBN satellite, pushes for fixed wireless ACCC upbeat on support for broadband speed monitoring program Blackmores, Aus Post back Alibaba’s blockchain-based anti-fraud efforts Read more Netscout Partner Zone Web Events Cloud Migration: The Comprehensive Checklist to Success Tomorrow's success comes from today's data Leading the Tech Agenda in STEM Education Related Whitepapers Accelerate Your Glide Path to AWS Cloud Migration Detecting a Phising Email Responding to Today’s Advanced Threats Show Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Read next NT govt unloads on NBN satellite, pushes for fixed wireless Skype for Business admins get tool to diagnose call problems The week in security: Apple extortion attempt; can Blockchain protect medical devices? CSO Online In pictures: Leading the Tech Agenda in STEM Education: Preparing Youth for ... In pictures: Leading the Tech Agenda in STEM Education: Preparing Youth for ... MediaTek wants to put its new 10-core chip in $300 VR smartphones Editorial Contacts Advertising Information Privacy Policy RSS Newsletters Events Whitepapers News Zones IT Media Releases Slideshows Videos Copyright 2017 IDG Communications. ABN 14 001 592 650. All rights reserved. Reproduction in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of IDG Communications is prohibited. IDG Sites: PC World | GoodGearGuide | CIO | CMO | CSO | Techworld | ARN | CIO Executive Council
Computerworld Google: Half of Android devices haven’t been patched in a year or more News Technology News Business Cloud Computing Data Centre Gaming Dev Government Infrastructure Mobility Networking Open Source Security Servers Social Networking Software Software Development Storage Tech Planet Telecoms Tutorials Unified Comms Virtualisation Tools Blogs Editorial Contacts Events IT Media Releases Join Computerworld Newsletters NBN RSS Slideshows Vendor View Videos Zones Jobs Whitepapers All Whitepapers Business + Management Cloud Computing CRM Data Centre Data Management Disaster Recovery Network Security Storage Telecommunications Unified Communications Virtualisation Wireless Other Whitepapers Login Forgot password? Sign up now to get free exclusive access to reports, research and invitation only events. Twitter Facebook Google: Half of Android devices haven’t been patched in a year or more Company is working on more ways to streamline update process to boost uptake Gregg Keizer (Computerworld (US)) 24 March, 2017 06:41 - - - - print email Comments Google engineers yesterday acknowledged that half of all Android devices had not received a security update in the past year, even as they argued that the firm has made progress in streamlining the open-source operating system's patching process. "About half of devices in use at the end of 2016 had not received a platform security update in the previous year," Adrian Ludwig and Mel Mille, members of the Android security team, said in a post to a company blog. Although Google has issued monthly security updates for Android since 2015 -- and deploys those patches to Nexis and Pixel devices as soon as they're available -- other device makers often take weeks or months to push updates to customers, or never do. Android's update problem is not new -- it's been in stark contrast to other operating systems, notably iOS, macOS and Windows, since Android's inception -- and is baked into the relationship between Google and the hardware manufacturers who build and sell phones. In comparison, Apple claimed that 79% of all iOS devices were running iOS 10 as of Feb. 20. That meant nearly eight out of every 10 iOS device owners had updated at least once since mid-September 2016, or in the previous five months. Ludwig and Mille asserted that Google has been working, and would continue to do so, on streamlining the update process "to make it easier for manufacturers to deploy security patches." In a year-in-review report on Android security issued by Google yesterday, the company was a bit more specific about the progress it believes had been made. By 2016's fourth quarter, more than half of the global top-50 Android devices had "a recent security patch," the report said, but without describing how recent. Google also claimed that through an expedited approval process, hardware and carrier approval times for security updates had been reduced from "over one month to less than one week." Yet few Android devices can boast of impressive patch rates. And of the 15 models that reached an update rate of 60% or more -- meaning that by the end of last year they had been updated at least once since Oct. 1, 2016 -- six were Google-sold Nexis or Pixel devices. 7 Habits of the Effective Network Manager More from NetScout Join the Computerworld newsletter! Join Error: Please check your email address. Tags Daily BriefingGoogle More about AppleGoogle Editor's Recommendations Telstra loses fight against wholesale price cuts ACCC not sold on some changes to key NBN agreement ‘Gigatown’: MyRepublic launches gigabit broadband competition NT govt unloads on NBN satellite, pushes for fixed wireless ACCC upbeat on support for broadband speed monitoring program Blackmores, Aus Post back Alibaba’s blockchain-based anti-fraud efforts Read more Netscout Partner Zone Web Events Cloud Migration: The Comprehensive Checklist to Success Tomorrow's success comes from today's data Leading the Tech Agenda in STEM Education Related Whitepapers Accelerate Your Glide Path to AWS Cloud Migration A New Paradigm for Network Problem Solving Anatomy of a Hack Disrupted Responding to Today’s Advanced Threats Show Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Read next NT govt unloads on NBN satellite, pushes for fixed wireless Skype for Business admins get tool to diagnose call problems The week in security: Apple extortion attempt; can Blockchain protect medical devices? CSO Online In pictures: Leading the Tech Agenda in STEM Education: Preparing Youth for ... In pictures: Leading the Tech Agenda in STEM Education: Preparing Youth for ... MediaTek wants to put its new 10-core chip in $300 VR smartphones Editorial Contacts Advertising Information Privacy Policy RSS Newsletters Events Whitepapers News Zones IT Media Releases Slideshows Videos Copyright 2017 IDG Communications. ABN 14 001 592 650. All rights reserved. Reproduction in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of IDG Communications is prohibited. IDG Sites: PC World | GoodGearGuide | CIO | CMO | CSO | Techworld | ARN | CIO Executive Council
Don't Miss: How to fix 5 Windows 10 headaches CW@50: Data storage goes from $1M to 2 cents per gig (+video) Newsletters Resources/White Papers Search computerworld Sign In | Register Hi! Here are the latest Insider stories. How to deal with backdoors inserted or left by vendors Hottest jobs, cities and industries for IT pay in 2017 4 high-growth tech fields with top pay How to motivate the modern tech worker More Insider Sign Out Search for Suggestions for you Insider email Cloud Computing All Cloud Computing Cloud Security Cloud Storage Hybrid Cloud Private Cloud Public Cloud Computer Hardware All Computer Hardware Apple Mac Chromebooks Computer Peripherals Computer Processors Solid State Drives Windows PCs Consumerization of IT All Consumerization of IT Bring Your Own Device (BYOD) Home Tech Personal Technology Data Center All Data Center Data Storage Disaster Recovery High-Performance Computing (HPC) Infrastructure Management Sustainable IT Virtualization Emerging Technology All Emerging Technology 3D Printing Artificial Intelligence Car Tech Environment Internet of Things Robotics Space Technology Wearables Enterprise Applications All Enterprise Applications Application Development Big Data Business Intelligence (BI) CRM Collaboration Data Analytics Database Management Desktop Apps Enterprise Architecture Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP) Java Development Open Source Social Business Software as a Service (SaaS) Unified Communications (UC) IT Management All IT Management Digital Transformation H-1B IT Careers IT Industry IT Outsourcing IT Project Management IT Skills & Training Technology Law & Regulation Internet All Internet E-commerce Search Social Media Web Apps Web Browsers Mobile & Wireless All Mobile & Wireless Android Apple iOS Mobile Apps Mobile Device Management Mobile Payments Mobile Security Smartphones Tablets Windows 10 Mobile Wireless Carriers Networking All Networking Network Security Servers Wireless Networking Operating Systems All Operating Systems Chrome OS Linux MacOS Windows 10 Security All Security Application Security Cyberattacks Cybercrime & Hacking Data Privacy Data Security Encryption Endpoint Security Malware & Vulnerabilities Vertical IT All Vertical IT Financial Services IT Government IT Healthcare IT Retail IT Small Enterprise IT All Topics News Features Reviews Blogs Opinions Insider Shark Tank Slideshows Video Digital Magazine Digital Downloads Newsletters Computerworld Events Resources/White Papers × Close Home Emerging Technology Internet of Things News Google's Android Things OS won't work on new Raspberry Pi board Google's Android does not support the chip on the IoT board Email a friend To Use commas to separate multiple email addresses From 
		     Privacy Policy Thank you Your message has been sent. Sorry There was an error emailing this page. By Agam Shah U.S. Correspondent, IDG News Service | Mar 23, 2017 11:59 AM PT Credit: Raspberry Pi More like this Microsoft's .NET Core slowly marches onto Raspberry Pi 3 The new Raspberry Pi Zero W -- what you get for $10 Google strengthens Android relationship with Intel in IoT Video Smart Cities: Barcelona The new Raspberry Pi Zero W was designed to be a board to make internet-of-things devices, but a key OS from Google won't work on the hardware. Google's Android Things IoT OS will not work with the small developer board, which is partly a wireless board, partly a gadget development tool. The Zero W is priced at $10. The Zero W has a 1GHz single-core BCM2835 processor, which is based on the ARMv6 architecture. Android Things does not support ARMv6, so the OS will not work on the board. The OS is specially tuned to work with specific chipsets. The BCM2835 chip is the same in the original Raspberry Pi developer boards. The lack of support of Android Things on Zero W isn't a major concern for Eben Upton, the founder of Raspberry Pi Foundation. "We're hopeful that in time Google will resuscitate the ARMv6 support in Android to allow Things to run on Zero W," Upton said. Upton likes the low power consumption and small form factor that comes with using BCM2835, especially when compared to the faster Broadcom chips on the newer and faster, but larger, Raspberry Pi 3. The hardware specs, like the 512MB of memory of the Raspberry Pi Zero W, are reasonable for Android Things, but the BCM2835 SoC isn't supported, said Dave Smith, an IoT developer advocate at Google. "This part is a bit of a problem for Android, as the platform doesn't really support that [ARMv6] architecture anymore," Smith said in a post on the Android Things page on the Google IoT Developers Community page on Google+.  Android Things is supported by Raspberry Pi 3 and boards from Intel. The OS is still in preview and has a lot of growth potential with the emergence of IoT devices. No date has been provided for a final version of Android Things, but features like machine-learning are being built into the OS. The OS will eventually support more boards as usage of Android Things expands. Support for ARMv6 has also been pulled from latest Android OS used in mobile devices, considering the architecture is now more than 15 years old. ARM's core architecture is the 64-bit ARMv8, and the chip architecture is still being improved with performance and power-efficiency features. The Pi Zero W competes with other low-cost IoT boards like the $6.99 Orange Pi Zero. The Zero W also competes with popular wireless boards like Particle Photon and ESP32 boards from Espressif Systems.    The Zero W could be picked up by many users as an extension of the main Raspberry Pi 3 board, which has sold in the millions. The Zero W supports Raspbian, a Linux-based OS from Raspberry Pi. To express your thoughts on Computerworld content, visit Computerworld's Facebook page, LinkedIn page and Twitter stream. Related: Internet of Things Computer Processors Android Computer Hardware 4 high-growth tech fields with top pay You Might Like Shop Tech Products at Amazon What Readers Like China reminds Trump that supercomputing is a race China said it plans to develop a prototype of an exascale supercomputer by the end of this year,... Why you should start using Google Keep right away Say goodbye to the MS-DOS command prompt Newsletters Sign up and receive the latest news, reviews and trends on your favorite technology topics. Get our daily newsletter Go FCC reverses net neutrality ISP transparency rules The U.S. Federal Communications Commission has voted to roll back some net neutrality regulations that... Trump eyes an H-1B visa aimed at ‘best and brightest’ President Donald Trump is considering a new way of distributing the H-1B visa to ensure they go to the... BrandPostsLearn more Sponsored by VMware AirWatch IoT Will Have a Big Impact on Enterprise Mobility Popular Resources White Paper When Cryptors Attack: Timeline of a Ransomware Infection White Paper Bridge the Talent Gaps in Your IT Team White Paper CenturyLink Cloud Application Manager Solution Brief White Paper Choose the Right Hosting Solutions for Global Digital Business Initiatives Video/Webcast Sponsored How an Entire Town Backed Up Over 1.5TBs of Data to the Cloud with Cloudberry Backup on AWS Go Top Stories Microsoft winds up work on Windows 10 Creators Update Work on Microsoft Windows 10's next feature upgrade, dubbed the Creators Update, appears to be done,... Opinion: Internet privacy? Who needs that? Senate Republicans think it’s fine and dandy for your ISP to sell your private data. Experian CIO embraces APIs and microservices to improve data transfer Experian CIO Barry Libenson and his team used APIs to improve data transfer to divisions and customers,... How to protect yourself from ATM crime Banks like Wells Fargo are rolling out much better ATM security. Here's why it won't stop ATM theft. ... Sponsored Links Online Master of Science in Information Systems at Northwestern University INSTANTLY dtSearch® TERABYTES OF FILE+EMAIL+DB+WEB DATA; reviews/evals Use integration, automation, & intelligence to outsmart cybercriminals. It’s hard to be great when your computer isn’t Computerworld The Voice of Business Technology Follow us Cloud Computing Computer Hardware Consumerization of IT Data Center Emerging Technology Enterprise Applications IT Management Internet Mobile & Wireless Networking Operating Systems Security Vertical IT All Topics News Features Reviews Blogs Opinions Insider Shark Tank Slideshows Video Newsletters Computerworld Events Resources/White Papers About Us Contact Privacy Policies Editorial Calendar Editorial Beats Advertising Careers at IDG Site Map Ad Choices E-commerce Affiliate Relationships Copyright © 2017 IDG Communications, Inc. Explore the IDG Network descend CIO Computerworld CSO Greenbot IDC IDG IDG Connect IDG Knowledge Hub IDG TechNetwork IDG.TV IDG Ventures Infoworld IT News ITwhitepapers ITworld JavaWorld LinuxWorld Macworld Network World PC World TechConnect TechHive This ad will close in 20 seconds. Continue to site »
Howard University campus opening at Google in diversity push - Erie News Now: News, Weather & Sports | WICU 12 & WSEE Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY Video Gallery Social Stream Email News/Apps Text Alerts LIVE Nat'l News Radar NewsNow MeTV CNN Video Social Stream Money Radar NewsNow NBC LIVE Nat'l News CNN Video CBS National/World The Insider Real Estate Election Email News/Apps School closings Korea Veterans Radar Web Cams Traffic/Airport Email News/Apps School closings See It, Shoot It Text Alerts Web Cams - Local Roads Buoy Data Prep Champs Text Alerts BBall Challenge Watch NBC Sports LIVE Golf Fashion Friday WICU TV Guide What's On NBC MeTV Watch CBS Food Winey Wednesday WSEE TV Listings NBC Mr. Food Contest Wine Erie News Now is seeking to resolve negotiation with DirecTV Radar Giving You The Business Pump Pricer School closings MeTV See It, Shoot It The Insider Text Alerts Across the Country Korea Veterans Local business Real Estate Transfers Wine Real Estate Closings Obituaries Great Deals! FAQ Digital Advertising Email News/Apps Wine News Team Contact Us Feedback Suggestions Jobs EEO Report Caribbean Main Entertainment Money Home/Family Health Food Pets Tech Travel Beauty & Style Auto VideoBytes Press Releases Howard University campus opening at Google in diversity push Posted: Thursday, March 23, 2017 3:54 PM EDT Updated: Thursday, March 23, 2017 3:54 PM EDT By Kaya Yurieff NEW YORK (CNNMoney) -- Google is trying something new to boost diversity. The tech giant is partnering with Howard University to launch "Howard West," a three-month summer program open to rising juniors and seniors studying computer science. The 25 to 30 students selected for this summer's program will be taught by senior Google engineers and Howard faculty on Google's Mountain View campus and will receive a stipend for housing and other expenses in Silicon Valley. Alanna Walton, a junior majoring in computer science at Howard, said students are excited about the program. "There are no HBCUs (historically black colleges and universities) on the West Coast. To bring a whole bunch of black students to the West Coast to learn is a great experience," she told CNNTech. "Pretty much the whole campus understands how big this is." Google plans to expand the program to other historically black colleges and universities in the "near future." Howard called the move a "major step forward" for Google's efforts to recruit and keep diverse talent. "Howard West will produce hundreds of industry-ready black computer science graduates, future leaders with the power to transform the global technology space into a stronger, more accurate reflection of the world around us," Howard president Wayne Frederick said in a statement. Google has continued to struggle with lack of diversity. Google's most recent annual diversity report showed that the company has not made any progress increasing the percentage of black, Hispanic and multiracial workers in its ranks. Only 2% of Google's total workforce was black, while 3% were Hispanic at the end of 2015. The results were the same as the year before, when the company first released its internal numbers. In 2015, Google announced a $150 million plan to boost diversity internally and in the tech industry in general. TM & © 2017 Cable News Network, Inc., a Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. 3514 State St. Erie, PA 16508 Newsroom: (814) 454-8812 Business offices: (814) 454-5201 WICU FCC Filing WSEE FCC Filing Sections: Home Weather Sports Video Calendar Finance WICU TV Listings WSEE TV Listings Health Contact Us FAQ Services: Advertise Submit a Story Submit an Event Send Your Feedback Manage Your Account Free Emails    Forecast    Daily Headlines    News    Breaking News Wine Festivals Share: Share Stories Submit your stories to our site! Share Photos Share your photos in our community galleries RSS Feeds Mobile: WICU12/WSEE News App Free Android App Free iPhone App Free iPad App Local Weather App Free Android App Free iPhone App Free iPad App All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 WICU. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service.                    WICU/WSEE - 3514 State Street Erie, PA 16508 - (814) 454-5201 - info@wicu12.com
e-Edition Obituaries Special Sections Special Occasions Subscribe Paywall Login Login to Comment Register March 28th, 2017 Menu Home News Sports Business Entertainment Classifieds Commentary Contact Local News Provincial News National News World News Stocks turn lower as vote on health care bill is delayed Poll Do you think the Keystone XL pipeline approved by Donald Trump will ever be completed? Yes No View Results  Loading ... Follow @LethHerald on twitter By Marley Jay, The Associated Press on March 23, 2017. FILE - In this Friday, Nov. 13, 2015, file photo, the American flag flies above the Wall Street entrance to the New York Stock Exchange. U.S. stocks are treading water early Thursday, March 23, 2017, as investors wait for news about the fate of the Republican-backed health care bill, a centerpiece of President Donald Trump's business-friendly agenda of cuts to taxes and regulations and greater infrastructure spending. (AP Photo/Richard Drew, File) NEW YORK – Stocks gave up an early rally and are falling in late trading after Republican leadership delayed a vote on their health care bill amid mounting doubts the legislation has enough votes to pass. Investors are worried that that means trouble for the business-friendly agenda of Congressional Republicans and President Donald Trump. Google’s parent company, Alphabet, leads technology stocks lower as a number of companies say they will stop advertising KEEPING SCORE: The Standard & Poor’s 500 index fell 4 points, or 0.2 per cent, to 2,344 as of 3:35 p.m. Eastern time. The Dow Jones industrial average lost 11 points, or 0.1 per cent, to 20,650. The Nasdaq composite shed 10 points, or 0.2 per cent, to 5,811. The Russell 2000 index, which tracks smaller companies, did far better than the rest of the market. It gained 5 points, or 0.4 per cent, to 1,351. The Dow rose as much as 96 points around 1 p.m. but the gains thinned out as holdout Republicans continued to express doubts about the American Health Care Act. Stocks began falling just before 3 p.m. before the vote on the bill, scheduled for Thursday, was delayed. The proposal is a centerpiece of the Republican agenda, which also includes cuts to taxes and regulations and greater infrastructure spending. HEALTHCARE VOTE: House Republican leadership is delaying a vote on the health care bill because it doesn’t have enough votes. Concessions being offered to the conservatives, who sought to limit requirements for health plans to offer benefits including substance abuse and maternity care, appeared to scare off some more moderate Republicans. Companies that run Medicaid programs, like Centene and Molina Healthcare, stumbled in afternoon trading and health insurance companies like UnitedHealth and Humana took small losses. Hospital operators traded higher. THE QUOTE: Jamie Cox, managing partner for Harris Financial Group, said stocks probably won’t fall much further if the bill ultimately fails because investors aren’t concerned about the health care proposal. They’re interested in the tax reform package Republicans want to pass, but the party’s inability to come together raises questions about the rest of its agenda. “The market doesn’t care a bit about the health care legislation,” he said, but “if the Republicans are having such a difficult time making changes to something they universally agree upon, how on earth are they going to agree on the more complicated tax cut that is coming through later in the year?” BONDS: Bond prices edged lower. The yield on the 10-year Treasury note, which has skidded over the last few days, rose to 2.42 per cent from 2.40 per cent. That modest increase gave banks and other financial companies a lift. The S&P 500 banking index plunged 5 per cent over the previous four days as bond yields and interest rates decreased. SunTrust Banks added $1, or 1.8 per cent, to $55.18 and Citigroup gained 48 cents to $58.25. That will make lending money more profitable by forcing interest rates on loans higher. Google’s parent company, Alphabet, leads technology stocks lower as a number of companies say they will stop advertising on YouTube because they don’t want their ads appearing alongside offensive videos. YOUTUBE AD BOYCOTT: Alphabet fell as a YouTube advertising boycott spread. Companies including Johnson & Johnson, AT&T and Verizon have suspended their YouTube ad campaigns in the last week because their ads were appearing alongside offensive videos, including some that promoted terrorism. The ads are placed automatically and Google has said it will do more to block offensive videos. YouTube is one of the fastest-growing parts of Google’s ad system. Alphabet lost $11.30 or 1.3 per cent, to $838.50. Technology companies lagged the rest of the market, as Alphabet is the second-most valuable company on the S&P 500 after Apple. RETAIL REBOUND: PVH, which owns the Calvin Klein and Tommy Hilfiger brands, jumped after its fourth-quarter profit and sales topped analyst estimates. It said sales for the Hilfiger brand grew in the latest quarter and its business is doing well in spite of high discounts in the U.S. The stock gained $7.45, or 8.2 per cent, to $98.30. Discount retailer Five Below also climbed after it surpassed Wall Street projections in its fourth quarter. The stock rose $4.28, or 11.2 per cent, to $42.41. Retailers have struggled in recent months, but consumer-focused companies did better than the broader market on Thursday. Nike, which plunged 7 per cent one day earlier, recovered $1.43, or 2.7 per cent, to $55.36. HITTING REVERSE: Ford dipped after the automaker forecast a profit of 30 to 35 cents a share in the first quarter, far below the 47 cents per share analysts expected. Ford said its profit will decrease compared to last year because of higher costs for commodities, warranties, and business investments, and lower sales volumes. The stock fell 16, or 1.4 per cent, to $11.61. ENERGY: U.S. crude oil lost 34 cents to $47.70 a barrel in New York. Brent crude, used to price international oils, slipped 8 cents to $50.56 a barrel in London. METALS: Gold fell $2.50 to $1,247.20 an ounce, which ended a small five-day streak of gains. Silver rose 2 cents to $17.59 an ounce. Copper picked up 1 cent to $2.64 a pound. OTHER ENERGY TRADING: Wholesale gasoline fell 1 cent to $1.59 a gallon. Heating oil lost 1 cent to$1.49 a gallon. Natural gas rose 4 cents to $3.05 per 1,000 cubic feet. CURRENCIES: The dollar inched up to 111.07 yen from 110.92 yen. The euro slid to $1.0786 from $1.0798. OVERSEAS: Germany’s DAX jumped 1.1 per cent and the CAC 40 in France rose 0.8 per cent. Britain’s FTSE 100 index added 0.2 per cent. In Japan the Nikkei 225 gained 0.2 per cent. Hong Kong’s Hang Seng was flat and the South Korean Kospi gained 0.2 per cent. ___ AP Markets Writer Marley Jay can be reached at http://twitter.com/MarleyJayAP His work can be found at http://bigstory.ap.org/journalist/marley-jay 000000 000000 Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. You must be logged in to post a comment. More ways to get to us Facebook Twitter YouTube ePaper Login Subscribe Subscription Services Archive About Us The Lethbridge Herald Other Publications Food For Thought Contact Careers Contact the Lethbridge Herald 504 - 7th Street South Lethbridge, AB T1J 3Z7 [P] (403) 328-4411 [F] (403)328-4536 Print Advertising: (403) 328-4410 National Advertising: (403) 380-7585 Online Advertising: (403) 380-7585 Classifieds: (403) 328-4433 © 1996-2017 The Lethbridge Herald, A Division of Continental Newspapers Canada Ltd. Advertising Terms and Conditions & Privacy Policy
msn back to msn home money search money search web search Sign in Change language & content: América Latina (español) Argentina (español) Australia (English) België (Nederlands) Belgique (français) Brasil (português) Canada (English) Canada (français) Chile (español) Colombia (español) Danmark (Dansk) Deutschland (Deutsch) España (español) France (français) India (English) Indonesia (Bahasa Indonesia) Ireland (English) Italia (italiano) Malaysia (English) México (español) Nederland (Nederlands) New Zealand (English) Norge (norsk, bokmål) Österreich (Deutsch) Perú (español) Philippines (English) Polska (polski) Portugal (Português) Schweiz (Deutsch) Singapore (English) South Africa (English) Suisse (français) Suomi (suomi) Sverige (svenska) Türkiye (Türkçe) United Arab Emirates (English) United Kingdom (English) United States (English) United States (español) Venezuela (español) Việt Nam (Tiếng Việt) Ελλάδα (ελληνικά) Россия (Pусский) ישראל (עברית)‏ الإمارات العربية المتحدة (العربية‏) المملكة العربية السعودية (العربية‏) مصر (العربية‏) ไทย (ไทย) 한국 (한국어) 中华人民共和国 (简体中文) 台灣 (繁體中文) 日本 (日本語) 香港特别行政區 (繁體中文) Switch to Latino (Español) Feedback Help Today Markets Investing Personal Finance Real Estate Careers Small Business My Watchlist Mortgages Credit Cards Broker Center Tools Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video Top Stocks Inside the Ticker Mutual Funds and ETFs Small Business Expert Voices Taxes Stock Picks Today's 52-Week Highs Today's 52-Week Lows Volume Shockers Price Shockers High-yield Stocks The Best Blue-Chip Stocks AdChoices This former Googler wants to help you tweet better CNET Richard Nieva 5 days ago SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL Donald Trump's superyacht and other billionaire boats 20 groceries driving up your bill the most © Provided by CNET A Google vet has built a social media assistant. Artificial intelligence can help us do a whole lot of things: figure out what to binge-watch next, decide when to heat our homes, or even, eventually, drive us home.  One former Googler wants to add another thing to the list: Make you a better tweeter or Facebooker. Popular Searches Amazon.com Inc AMZN ▲ 856.14 +9.12 +1.08% Apple Inc AAPL ▲ 143.82 +2.94 +2.09% Tencent Holdings Ltd TCTZF ▲ 29.62 +0.45 +1.53% General Motors Co GM ▲ 35.57 +0.86 +2.48% On Thursday, Bindu Reddy, who used to be the head of product for Google social apps, launched a new service called Post Intelligence, which uses AI to try to get you more engagement and likes on your social media posts. It can help with Twitter, Facebook and Pinterest. Here's how it works: If you connect the software to your Twitter account, when you login, you'll see a feed of articles and other content recommended for you to tweet about, based on your interests and what you've already tweeted in the past. If you write out a tweet, the software will rate it on a score of one to 10 to predict how engaging it will be. The software also suggests the best time to post. "Humans find it very difficult to be good at social media," said Reddy. "We aren't smart enough to post smart tweets and get engagement all the time. A lot of people just give up." For some people, the idea of giving up on social media might be a good thing. After all, it has recently been accused of being a haven for cyberbullying, a vehicle for fake news, and a set of blinders that warps our world view and shuts out other viewpoints. But Reddy, who helped build Google+, is optimistic about the benefits of social media -- especially the kind that's mostly text-based, like Facebook and Twitter, which she thinks encourage smart observations and the spread of ideas. And whether we like it or not, social media is likely here to stay. Facebook has almost two billion users and a market cap of more than $400 billion. Snap, which owns Snapchat and went public earlier this month, is the current obsession for teens and young adults. Post Intelligence, for now, is available on desktop computers and Android phones, though Reddy expects an iPhone app to launch next month. More interesting, though, is where Reddy thinks the software can go. She thinks the software can get to know your voice and quirks so well, that it could automatically write tweets for you. "What if you could say, 'I'm going on vacation. Tweet for me for the next three days,'" she said. The service is a relaunching of Reddy's old company, MyLikes, a social media advertising platform. But she thought the AI behind that product could be helpful to normal consumers. But there's also a version of the product for brands and social media "influencers," which helps make sponsored content more engaging.  Go to MSN Home Go to MSN Money Join the conversation Report Abuse Report inappropriate content Sorry! There was a problem. Please try again. Help us maintain a healthy and vibrant community by reporting any illegal or inappropriate behavior that violates MSN’s Code of Conduct. Select a category Spam Child pornography or exploitation Profanity, vulgarity or obscenity Copyright infringement Harassment or threat Threats of suicide Other Who posted the inappropriate comment (Required) Paste the unacceptable comment here submit Leave your comment AdChoices AdChoices AdChoices More from CNET Holiday Gift Guide CNET Snap makes a Spectacle of itself CNET Netflix finally lets you download to binge offline CNET CNET View the full site Feedback © 2017 Microsoft Privacy Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Newsletter Found the story interesting? Like us on Facebook to see similar stories I'm already a fan, don't show this again Send Feedback Provide Feedback Report a Problem We appreciate your input! Select a category: I'm having problems with Top Destinations I'm having issues searching I'm having problems with Featured Apps I see an error in the content Other How we can improve? Please give an overall site rating: Submit Close Privacy Statement Help Help & Support
ARN - Australian Reseller News News All News Government Products Round Table yARN 5 for 15 Tech Technologies 3D Printing Apps Cloud Computing Datacentre Mobile Solutions MSP Networking PC and Components Products/Reviews Security Social Networking Storage Software Tech Hive Telecommunications Unified Communications Virtualisation Windows 8 Central Markets Green Channel Market Watch Retail Services SMB Market Events View all events Resources Resources ARN Library Microsites Webinars Videos Contacts Brand Posts e-Mags Email the Editor Jobs Media Releases Slideshows Subscribe to print Subscribe online Subscribe to IDG Publications Ad Specifications Directories Distributor Directory Find distributors by name | vendor | location Vendor Directory Find vendors by name | category Contact Sign in/Subscribe Existing Member Forgot password? Join ARN Sign up to gain exclusive access to email subscriptions, event invitations, competitions, giveaways, and much more. Sign up now Menu ARN Google: Half of Android devices haven’t been patched in a year or more Google: Half of Android devices haven’t been patched in a year or more Company is working on more ways to streamline update process to boost uptake Gregg Keizer (Computerworld (US)) 24 March, 2017 06:41 - - - - print email Distributors Australasian PC Distributors (APCD) Avnet Technology Solutions Ingram Micro Australia Synnex Comments Google engineers yesterday acknowledged that half of all Android devices had not received a security update in the past year, even as they argued that the firm has made progress in streamlining the open-source operating system's patching process. "About half of devices in use at the end of 2016 had not received a platform security update in the previous year," Adrian Ludwig and Mel Mille, members of the Android security team, said in a post to a company blog. Although Google has issued monthly security updates for Android since 2015 -- and deploys those patches to Nexis and Pixel devices as soon as they're available -- other device makers often take weeks or months to push updates to customers, or never do. Android's update problem is not new -- it's been in stark contrast to other operating systems, notably iOS, macOS and Windows, since Android's inception -- and is baked into the relationship between Google and the hardware manufacturers who build and sell phones. In comparison, Apple claimed that 79% of all iOS devices were running iOS 10 as of Feb. 20. That meant nearly eight out of every 10 iOS device owners had updated at least once since mid-September 2016, or in the previous five months. Ludwig and Mille asserted that Google has been working, and would continue to do so, on streamlining the update process "to make it easier for manufacturers to deploy security patches." In a year-in-review report on Android security issued by Google yesterday, the company was a bit more specific about the progress it believes had been made. By 2016's fourth quarter, more than half of the global top-50 Android devices had "a recent security patch," the report said, but without describing how recent. Google also claimed that through an expedited approval process, hardware and carrier approval times for security updates had been reduced from "over one month to less than one week." Yet few Android devices can boast of impressive patch rates. And of the 15 models that reached an update rate of 60% or more -- meaning that by the end of last year they had been updated at least once since Oct. 1, 2016 -- six were Google-sold Nexis or Pixel devices. Subscribe here for up-to-date channel news Expanding sales and opportunities for data solutions More from Dicker Data Follow Us Twitter LinkedIn Join the ARN newsletter! Join Error: Please check your email address. Tags Daily BriefingGoogle Read next Samsung may retake momentum with the S8 smartphone Cirrus Networks nets NGage in $2.5M deal Kaspersky Lab hosts partners at Australian Grand Prix​ in Melbourne ARN Distributor Directory Find distributors by name - vendor - location ARN Vendor Directory Find vendors by name - category Slideshows Kaspersky Lab hosts partners at Australian Grand Prix​ in Melbourne Kaspersky Lab hosted partners during the opening Formula One race of the season, at the Australian Grand Prix​ in Melbourne. Kaspersky Lab hosts partners at Australian Grand Prix​ in Melbourne ARN kicks off Awards season with 2017 Judges' Lunch ARN kick-started the 2017 awards season with its annual Judges’ Lunch in Sydney, welcoming current and new judges to the panel. Set for September 14, the ARN ICT Industry Awards will honour the channel across vendor, distributor and partner categories, while also rewarding outstanding individuals and their achievements. Photos by Maria Stefina. ARN kicks off Awards season with 2017 Judges' Lunch ARN Roundtable - Chasing channel dollars in cloud security This exclusive ARN Roundtable, in association with Symantec, assessed the cloud security landscape in an Australian context, outlining the partner opportunities ahead and crucially, how the channel can create value in an ever-changing market. Photos by Maria Stefina. ARN Roundtable - Chasing channel dollars in cloud security Related Whitepapers How to Plan For Disaster Recovery D-Link Case Study: A Reliable and Robust Campuswide Network Solution at a Reasonable Cost Datto’s State Of The Channel Ransomware Report 2016 D-Link Case Study: Simple and Scalable Network Solutions for Medical Professionals and Visiting Clients Show Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Aussie businesses hit with $589,000 in damages over pirated software use   Copyright 2017 IDG Communications. ABN 14 001 592 650. All rights reserved. Reproduction in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of IDG Communications is prohibited. IDG Sites: PC World | GoodGearGuide | Computerworld Australia | CIO Australia | CMO Australia | CSO Online | Techworld | CIO Executive Council Links: Privacy Policy [Updated 3 Mar 14] | Advertising | Books | Downloads Latest News 06:00AM AWS partner scores $5.6 million database deal with NSW Govt 08:14PM No copper network price hike for Telstra 05:10PM Ingram Micro unwraps new-look Odin cloud platform for partners Mar 27 At home with Airtasker: The start-up's CTO Paul Keen on building for hypergrowth More News AWS partner scores $5.6 million database deal with NSW Govt Aussie businesses hit with $589,000 in damages over pirated software use ARN Events 16 May Emerging Leaders 2017 30 Jul EDGE 2017 14 Sep ARN ICT Industry Awards 2017 Industry Events 31 Mar Making Digital Transformation Real - with Transurban – SYDNEY 04 Apr AWS Partner Summit 2017 31 May World Business Forum Sydney 2017 View all events Featured Emerging Leaders 2017 Emerging Leaders 2017 EDGE 2017 EDGE 2017 ARN ICT Industry Awards ARN ICT Industry Awards Women in ICT Awards Women in ICT Awards
ARN - Australian Reseller News News All News Government Products Round Table yARN 5 for 15 Tech Technologies 3D Printing Apps Cloud Computing Datacentre Mobile Solutions MSP Networking PC and Components Products/Reviews Security Social Networking Storage Software Tech Hive Telecommunications Unified Communications Virtualisation Windows 8 Central Markets Green Channel Market Watch Retail Services SMB Market Events View all events Resources Resources ARN Library Microsites Webinars Videos Contacts Brand Posts e-Mags Email the Editor Jobs Media Releases Slideshows Subscribe to print Subscribe online Subscribe to IDG Publications Ad Specifications Directories Distributor Directory Find distributors by name | vendor | location Vendor Directory Find vendors by name | category Contact Sign in/Subscribe Existing Member Forgot password? Join ARN Sign up to gain exclusive access to email subscriptions, event invitations, competitions, giveaways, and much more. Sign up now Menu ARN Google's Android Things OS won't work on new Raspberry Pi board Google's Android Things OS won't work on new Raspberry Pi board Google's Android does not support the chip on the IoT board Agam Shah (IDG News Service) 24 March, 2017 05:33 - - - - print email Distributors Bluechip Infotech BMS Technology Dicker Data Impact Systems Technology Ingram Micro Australia Leader Computers Synnex Comments The new Raspberry Pi Zero W was designed to be a board to make internet-of-things devices, but a key OS from Google won't work on the hardware. Google's Android Things IoT OS will not work with the small developer board, which is partly a wireless board, partly a gadget development tool. The Zero W is priced at US$10. The Zero W has a 1GHz single-core BCM2835 processor, which is based on the ARMv6 architecture. Android Things does not support ARMv6, so the OS will not work on the board. The OS is specially tuned to work with specific chipsets. The BCM2835 chip is the same in the original Raspberry Pi developer boards. The lack of support of Android Things on Zero W isn't a major concern for Eben Upton, the founder of Raspberry Pi Foundation. "We're hopeful that in time Google will resuscitate the ARMv6 support in Android to allow Things to run on Zero W," Upton said. Upton likes the low power consumption and small form factor that comes with using BCM2835, especially when compared to the faster Broadcom chips on the newer and faster, but larger, Raspberry Pi 3. The hardware specs, like the 512MB of memory of the Raspberry Pi Zero W, are reasonable for Android Things, but the BCM2835 SoC isn't supported, said Dave Smith, an IoT developer advocate at Google. "This part is a bit of a problem for Android, as the platform doesn't really support that [ARMv6] architecture anymore," Smith said in a post on the Android Things page on the Google IoT Developers Community page on Google+.  Android Things is supported by Raspberry Pi 3 and boards from Intel. The OS is still in preview and has a lot of growth potential with the emergence of IoT devices. No date has been provided for a final version of Android Things, but features like machine-learning are being built into the OS. The OS will eventually support more boards as usage of Android Things expands. Support for ARMv6 has also been pulled from latest Android OS used in mobile devices, considering the architecture is now more than 15 years old. ARM's core architecture is the 64-bit ARMv8, and the chip architecture is still being improved with performance and power-efficiency features. The Pi Zero W competes with other low-cost IoT boards like the $6.99 Orange Pi Zero. The Zero W also competes with popular wireless boards like Particle Photon and ESP32 boards from Espressif Systems.    The Zero W could be picked up by many users as an extension of the main Raspberry Pi 3 board, which has sold in the millions. The Zero W supports Raspbian, a Linux-based OS from Raspberry Pi. Subscribe here for up-to-date channel news Expanding sales and opportunities for data solutions More from Dicker Data Follow Us Twitter LinkedIn Join the ARN newsletter! Join Error: Please check your email address. Read next Aussie businesses hit with $589,000 in damages over pirated software use Cirrus Networks nets NGage in $2.5M deal Kaspersky Lab hosts partners at Australian Grand Prix​ in Melbourne ARN Distributor Directory Find distributors by name - vendor - location ARN Vendor Directory Find vendors by name - category Slideshows Kaspersky Lab hosts partners at Australian Grand Prix​ in Melbourne Kaspersky Lab hosted partners during the opening Formula One race of the season, at the Australian Grand Prix​ in Melbourne. Kaspersky Lab hosts partners at Australian Grand Prix​ in Melbourne ARN kicks off Awards season with 2017 Judges' Lunch ARN kick-started the 2017 awards season with its annual Judges’ Lunch in Sydney, welcoming current and new judges to the panel. Set for September 14, the ARN ICT Industry Awards will honour the channel across vendor, distributor and partner categories, while also rewarding outstanding individuals and their achievements. Photos by Maria Stefina. ARN kicks off Awards season with 2017 Judges' Lunch ARN Roundtable - Chasing channel dollars in cloud security This exclusive ARN Roundtable, in association with Symantec, assessed the cloud security landscape in an Australian context, outlining the partner opportunities ahead and crucially, how the channel can create value in an ever-changing market. Photos by Maria Stefina. ARN Roundtable - Chasing channel dollars in cloud security Related Whitepapers How to Plan For Disaster Recovery Datto’s State of Channel APAC Ransomware Report D-Link Case Study: Simple and Scalable Network Solutions for Medical Professionals and Visiting Clients D-Link Case Study: A Reliable and Robust Campuswide Network Solution at a Reasonable Cost Show Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Aussie businesses hit with $589,000 in damages over pirated software use   Copyright 2017 IDG Communications. ABN 14 001 592 650. All rights reserved. Reproduction in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of IDG Communications is prohibited. IDG Sites: PC World | GoodGearGuide | Computerworld Australia | CIO Australia | CMO Australia | CSO Online | Techworld | CIO Executive Council Links: Privacy Policy [Updated 3 Mar 14] | Advertising | Books | Downloads Latest News 06:00AM AWS partner scores $5.6 million database deal with NSW Govt 08:14PM No copper network price hike for Telstra 05:10PM Ingram Micro unwraps new-look Odin cloud platform for partners Mar 27 At home with Airtasker: The start-up's CTO Paul Keen on building for hypergrowth More News AWS partner scores $5.6 million database deal with NSW Govt Aussie businesses hit with $589,000 in damages over pirated software use ARN Events 16 May Emerging Leaders 2017 30 Jul EDGE 2017 14 Sep ARN ICT Industry Awards 2017 Industry Events 31 Mar Making Digital Transformation Real - with Transurban – SYDNEY 04 Apr AWS Partner Summit 2017 31 May World Business Forum Sydney 2017 View all events Featured Emerging Leaders 2017 Emerging Leaders 2017 EDGE 2017 EDGE 2017 ARN ICT Industry Awards ARN ICT Industry Awards Women in ICT Awards Women in ICT Awards
Indiatimes|The Times of India|The Economic Times : HI, My Times LOGOUTSign In Business More Beauty Pageants Photos Videos More Fashion Specials Debate Photos Videos Platinum Times of India More HomeHome Videos City India World Business Tech Cricket Sports Entertainment TV Life & Style Photos TIMES NEWS - RADIO Elections 2017 Brandwire Yearender 2016 Good Governance Business India Business International Business Photos Videos PSUs Sectors Sectors Agriculture Aviation Corporate Economy Energy Markets Personal Finance Real Estate Services Telecom Budget Highlights Tax Calculator Small Business More ALL News » Business » International Business News » Google boycotts expose flaws of digital ads Cash withdrawal limits to go from March 13: RBI PM Modi launches digital payments app BHIM Luxury hotels better off this year than in 2015: Experts Apple's 'conditions' to manufacture iPhones in India Netflix joins hands with Red Chillies Entertainment Cyrus Mistry voted out as director at EGM Apple unveils red iPhone Exclusive with Airbnb CEO Idea, Vodafone merger GST inches closer to July 1 rollout Paytm launches mobile payment services 'Re-examine RJio's free offers' Google boycotts expose flaws of digital ads GOOGLE-YOUTUBE/BREAKINGVIEWS:BREAKINGVIEWS-Google boycotts expose flaws of digital adsReuters | Mar 24, 2017, 12.55 AM IST (The author is a Reuters Breakingviews columnist. The opinions expressed are her own.) By Jennifer Saba NEW YORK, March 23 (Reuters Breakingviews) - Verizon and AT&T joined other advertisers in pulling spending from Google over questionable content. A bigger issue is the opacity of the search giant and its fellow online duopolist, Facebook. By withholding money, companies are voicing doubts about digital ads' effectiveness. Full view will be published shortly. On Twitter https://twitter.com/jennifersaba CONTEXT NEWS - AT&T, Verizon Communications, and Johnson & Johnson said they were suspending digital-advertising spend on Google's YouTube unit and other non-search platforms after a news investigation last week revealed brands like L'Oreal were running near questionable content. - Earlier, the British government, French ad agency Havas , and Marks and Spencer pulled their spending with Google in the United Kingdom. - Google said in a statement it doesn't comment on individual customers but that it has begun an extensive review of its advertising policies. "We're also raising the bar for our ads policies to further safeguard our advertisers' brands," it said. - For previous columns by the author, Reuters customers can click on - SIGN UP FOR BREAKINGVIEWS EMAIL ALERTS http://bit.ly/BVsubscribe (Editing by Tom Buerkle and Martin Langfield) Stay updated on the go with Times of India News App. Click here to download it for your device. (This story has not been edited by timesofindia.com and is auto–generated from a syndicated feed we subscribe to.) RELATED From around the web Top 5 balance transfer credit cards getserviceinfo.com George Clooney Shows Off His Brand New $15 Million Home Lonny Watch: What Causes Inflammatory Bowel Disease? HealthiNation More from The Times of India Why do you ask when I’ll die, Jethmalani asks SC Mollywood's lesbian outing Jayasudha's husband Nitin Kapoor commits suicide From the Web More From The Times of India 10 Most Beautiful Mountains in the WorldPeakJourney If You Visit These 5 Spots, You'll See Singapore's True Be..Your Singapore Over A Decade Later, Here's What These '90s Couples Look L..Livingly The Car Insurance Secret Is Revealed. Check The Pricing He..Car Insurance Offers The 10 Best Paying Degrees In 2016BuzzAura 22-year-old becomes youngest IIT teacher - Times of India Watch: ‘Half Girlfriend’ motion poster 46 Assam mullahs issue fatwa against singer Nahid Afrin ‘Sleep with a brahmin to rid yourself of doshas' bjp owaisi: Asaduddin Owaisi says Muslim vote-bank is a myth ViewcommentsPost a comment All Comments ()+^ Back to Top Characters Remaining: 3000 Continue without login or Login from existing accountFacebookGoogleEmail Share on FacebookShare on Twitter Refrain from posting comments that are obscene, defamatory or inflammatory, and do not indulge in personal attacks, name calling or inciting hatred against any community. Help us delete comments that do not follow these guidelines by marking them offensive. Let's work together to keep the conversation civil. HIDE+ All CommentsYour Activity SortUpVotedNewestOldestDiscussedDown Voted Be the first one to review. We have sent you a verification email. To verify, just follow the link in the message Follow / Like us at @timesofindia Most Popular In Lok Sabha, Yogi Adityanath takes a dig at Rahul-Akhilesh partnership Adityanath to officials: Make 30 UP districts open defecation free by Dec Kohli alleges disrespect to Team India physio; Smith rubbishes charge Here’s Why Guys Are Obsessed With This Underwear… Ad: The Weekly Brief | Mack Weldon YES Bank launches $650 million QIP issue Private sector lender YES Bank launched a QIP issue of up to $650 million, six months after a similar attempt to raise funds had ended in a fiasco. In an announcement to NSE, the bank said it has set the floor price at Rs 1,498.95 per share. The base size of the QIP is $650 million with a $100 million upsize option. StayZilla founder Yogendra Vasupal's bail plea dismissed StayZilla founder Yogendra Vasupal was denied bail today by the Special Metropolitan Magistrate court for CCB-CBCID cases after nine days of judicial custody in an alleged case of cheating an offline marketing vendor. From around the Web The Amazing Story Behind Your Last Name. It Will Shock You Ancestry Are You Tired Because Of Sleepless Nights? See The Best Ma.. Mattress Offers Here's What New Dental Implants Should Cost You - Get Pric.. Dental Implants Sponsored Ads The Most Addicting Shopping Site For Women Tophatter More From The Times of India White man shouts 'go back to Lebanon' to Sikh-American girl Times of India OMG: Kajol gets a surgery to look fair? - Times of India Times of India Actor Ravi Baswani passes away - Times of India Times of India Read MoreYouTubeYorkVerizonUnited Kingdomtom buerkle Navbharat Times Featured Today In Travel From our Global Partners IFR's upcoming US IPOs, follow-ons + convertibles Sears' plan to sell brands no salve for financial woes US homebuilders rise after data; YTD gains outpace broader market FDA approves Pfizer, German Merck immunotherapy for skin cancer 1Google boycotts expose flaws of digital ads 2IFR's upcoming US IPOs, follow-ons + convertibles 3Sears' plan to sell brands no salve for financial woes 4US homebuilders rise after data; YTD gains outpace broader market 5FDA approves Pfizer, German Merck immunotherapy for skin cancer Other Times Group news sites The Economic Times Mumbai Mirror IGN India Hindi Econimic Times Times Now NavGujarat Samay Pune Mirror Tamil Samayam Bangalore Mirror Maharashtra Times Telugu Samayam Ahmedabad Mirror Go Green Miss Kyra ItsMyAscent Lifehacker India Hindi News Education Times Gizmodo India FILMIPOP Hindi Brand Capital Eisamay Indiatimes Gujarati Econimic Times Vijaya Karnataka Malayalam Samayam Times Food Living and entertainment iDiva MensXP.com Femina Entertainment Grazia Zoom Travel Destinations Filmipop Luxpresso Smartapp Bombay Times Cricbuzz.com Filmfare Online Songs top trends Shiv Sena Yogi Adityanath UK Parliament attack AIADMK symbol Bhagat Singh Navjot Singh Sidhu PM Modi Ravindra Gaikwad Shreyas Iyer Tamil Movie Reviews Telugu Movie Reviews Malayalam Movie Reviews services Ads 2 Book Bank Exam App iTimes Entertainment App ET Money Finance App Coupon Duniya Dineout Mobile Recharge Magic Bricks Techgig Times Jobs Bollywood News Times Mobile Zigwheels Remit 2 India TC Next Bikes in India Used Cars Astro Speak Simply Marry GadgetsNow itimes Popular Categories Headlines Sports News Business News India News World News Bollywood News Health & Fitness Tips Indian TV Shows Celebrity Photos hot on the web Auto News RK Nagar By Election Air India Yogi Adityanath Breaking News Sensex Kollywood News Tollywood News Mollywood News Trending topics Shiv Sena MP AIADMK symbol Yogi Adityanath AIADMK symbol IPL 2017 PM Modi Box Office Collection Sunny Leone Pics Salman Khan Follow us on facebook twitter google+ rss feed youtube download toi app android iphone BlackBerry ipad windows phone About us Create Your Own Ad Terms of Use and Grievance Redressal Policy Privacy policy Advertise with us RSS Newsletter Feedback ePaper Sitemap Archives Copyright © 2017 Bennett, Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. For reprint rights: Times Syndication Service `
Newsroom Advertise News Alerts Weather School Closings (WJAC) My Account Search for: Select Home News Local News Top Stories National News International News Opinions Features Business News Election Marcellus Shale Health News Partner News Sports Local Sports National Sports PSU Sports News Spikes Obituaries Crime A & E Events Taste of Home Contest Classifieds Shop Weekly Circulars Grocery Coupons Gift Cards & More Half Off Deals Celebrations Celebrations Submission Clearfield-Lawrence Consolidation Home / News / Business News / Howard University campus opening at Google in diversity push Howard University campus opening at Google in diversity push Posted on Thursday, March 23, 2017 by CNN in Business News Google is trying something new to boost diversity. The tech giant is partnering with Howard University to launch “Howard West,” a three-month summer program open to rising juniors and seniors studying computer science. The 25 to 30 students selected for this summer’s program will be taught by senior Google engineers and Howard faculty on Google’s Mountain View campus and will receive a stipend for housing and other expenses in Silicon Valley. Alanna Walton, a junior majoring in computer science at Howard, said students are excited about the program. “There are no HBCUs (historically black colleges and universities) on the West Coast. To bring a whole bunch of black students to the West Coast to learn is a great experience,” she told CNNTech. “Pretty much the whole campus understands how big this is.” Google plans to expand the program to other historically black colleges and universities in the “near future.” Howard called the move a “major step forward” for Google’s efforts to recruit and keep diverse talent. “Howard West will produce hundreds of industry-ready black computer science graduates, future leaders with the power to transform the global technology space into a stronger, more accurate reflection of the world around us,” Howard president Wayne Frederick said in a statement. Google has continued to struggle with lack of diversity. Google’s most recent annual diversity report showed that the company has not made any progress increasing the percentage of black, Hispanic and multiracial workers in its ranks. Only 2% of Google’s total workforce was black, while 3% were Hispanic at the end of 2015. The results were the same as the year before, when the company first released its internal numbers. In 2015, Google announced a $150 million plan to boost diversity internally and in the tech industry in general. Obamacare repeal could cost the poor a third of their income 17,000 striking AT&T workers head back to work Related Posts Leslie Jones: ‘I did not leave Twitter’ More mystery holiday helpers spreading layaway cheer Microsoft stock hits a new all-time high. Here’s why Could this simple solution solve the student loan crisis? Leave a Reply Cancel reply You must be logged in to post a comment. Jobs from Indeed What: Where: jobs by gantdaily.com Carambola © 2014 GantDaily.com. All rights reserved. About | Contact | Privacy Policy | Terms & Cond Top
Reseller News News All News Government Products Round Table Tech Technologies 3D Printing Apps Cloud Computing Datacentre Mobile Solutions MSP Networking PC and Components Products/Reviews Security Social Networking Storage Software Tech Hive Telecommunications Unified Communications Virtualisation Windows 8 Central Markets Green Channel Market Watch Retail Services SMB Market Events View all events Resources Resources Reseller News Library Microsites Webinars Videos Contacts Brand Posts e-Mags Email the Editor Jobs Media Releases Slideshows Subscribe online Subscribe to IDG Publications Directories Distributor Directory Find distributors by name | vendor | location Vendor Directory Find vendors by name | category Contact Sign In Existing Member Forgot password? Join Reseller News Sign up to gain exclusive access to email subscriptions, event invitations, competitions, giveaways, and much more. Sign up now Menu ARN Google's Android Things OS won't work on new Raspberry Pi board Google's Android Things OS won't work on new Raspberry Pi board Google's Android does not support the chip on the IoT board Agam Shah (IDG News Service) 24 March, 2017 05:33 - - - - print email Comments The new Raspberry Pi Zero W was designed to be a board to make internet-of-things devices, but a key OS from Google won't work on the hardware. Google's Android Things IoT OS will not work with the small developer board, which is partly a wireless board, partly a gadget development tool. The Zero W is priced at US$10. The Zero W has a 1GHz single-core BCM2835 processor, which is based on the ARMv6 architecture. Android Things does not support ARMv6, so the OS will not work on the board. The OS is specially tuned to work with specific chipsets. The BCM2835 chip is the same in the original Raspberry Pi developer boards. The lack of support of Android Things on Zero W isn't a major concern for Eben Upton, the founder of Raspberry Pi Foundation. "We're hopeful that in time Google will resuscitate the ARMv6 support in Android to allow Things to run on Zero W," Upton said. Upton likes the low power consumption and small form factor that comes with using BCM2835, especially when compared to the faster Broadcom chips on the newer and faster, but larger, Raspberry Pi 3. The hardware specs, like the 512MB of memory of the Raspberry Pi Zero W, are reasonable for Android Things, but the BCM2835 SoC isn't supported, said Dave Smith, an IoT developer advocate at Google. "This part is a bit of a problem for Android, as the platform doesn't really support that [ARMv6] architecture anymore," Smith said in a post on the Android Things page on the Google IoT Developers Community page on Google+.  Android Things is supported by Raspberry Pi 3 and boards from Intel. The OS is still in preview and has a lot of growth potential with the emergence of IoT devices. No date has been provided for a final version of Android Things, but features like machine-learning are being built into the OS. The OS will eventually support more boards as usage of Android Things expands. Support for ARMv6 has also been pulled from latest Android OS used in mobile devices, considering the architecture is now more than 15 years old. ARM's core architecture is the 64-bit ARMv8, and the chip architecture is still being improved with performance and power-efficiency features. The Pi Zero W competes with other low-cost IoT boards like the $6.99 Orange Pi Zero. The Zero W also competes with popular wireless boards like Particle Photon and ESP32 boards from Espressif Systems.    The Zero W could be picked up by many users as an extension of the main Raspberry Pi 3 board, which has sold in the millions. The Zero W supports Raspbian, a Linux-based OS from Raspberry Pi. Subscribe here for up-to-date channel news Follow Us Twitter LinkedIn Join the New Zealand Reseller News newsletter! Join Error: Please check your email address. Read next ​How Kiwi partners can maximise Microsoft Teams To punish Symantec, Google may distrust a third of the web's SSL ... What will be Alibaba’s next tech channel play in A/NZ? Distributor Directory Find distributors by name - vendor - location Vendor Directory Find vendors by name - category Featured Slideshows What will be Alibaba’s next tech channel play in A/NZ? ARN explores 10 technologies Alibaba has in the works that could become part of its burgeoning tech channel play in the local market. What will be Alibaba’s next tech channel play in A/NZ? StorageCraft celebrates high achievers at its inaugural A/NZ Partner Awards Revealed at a glitzy bash in Sydney at the Ivy Penthouse, the first StorageCraft Partner Awards locally saw the vendor honour its top-performing partners with ASI Solutions, SMBiT Pro, Webroot, ACA Pacific and Soft Solutions New Zealand taking home the top awards. Photos by Maria Stefina. StorageCraft celebrates high achievers at its inaugural A/NZ Partner Awards Kiwi resellers make a splash on Synnex and Lenovo RotoVegas road trip ​Synnex and Lenovo hosted 18 resellers for an action-packed weekend adventure in RotoVegas, taking in white water rafting on the Kaituna River, as well as quad biking and dinner at Stratosfare​, overlooking Lake Rotorua at the top of Mount Ngongotaha​. Photos by Synnex. Kiwi resellers make a splash on Synnex and Lenovo RotoVegas road trip Related Whitepapers Datto’s State of Channel APAC Ransomware Report D-Link Case Study: A Reliable and Robust Campuswide Network Solution at a Reasonable Cost D-Link Case Study: Simple and Scalable Network Solutions for Medical Professionals and Visiting Clients Datto’s State Of The Channel Ransomware Report 2016 Show Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. IBM strikes global AI partnership with Salesforce   Copyright 2017 IDG Communications. ABN 14 001 592 650. All rights reserved. Reproduction in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of IDG Communications is prohibited. IDG Sites: PC World New Zealand | CIO New Zealand | Computerworld New Zealand Links: Privacy Policy [Updated 3 Mar 14] | Advertising | Books | Downloads Latest News 01:54PM ​Alibaba, Fonterra eye blockchain for food safety 11:45AM Fintech emerges as key opportunity for NZ innovators 09:40AM Former Aruba exec makes the Big Switch to networking start-up Mar 28 Samsung to refurbish and resell some Note7s that didn't explode More News ​Alibaba, Fonterra eye blockchain for food safety ​How Kiwi partners can maximise Microsoft Teams Reseller News Events 30 Mar Reseller News Connect - Securing your future as an MSP 24 May Reseller News Judges' Lunch 2017 14 Jun Reseller News WIICTA 2017 View all events Featured EDGE 2017 EDGE 2017 Reseller News After Hours Reseller News After Hours Women in ICT NZ Women in ICT NZ Reseller News Industry Awards Industry Awards
Variety Editions: U.S Latino Global Asia Subscribe Today! Navigation Menu Film TV Digital Contenders Video Dirt Scene More Biz Music Legit Jobs Conferences Insight Archives Directory Choose Edition: U.S Latino Global Asia Russia | My Account Sign In Subscribe Home Digital News YouTube Ad Boycott Expected to Have Minimal Revenue Impact on Google, Analysts Say Todd Spangler NY Digital Editor @xpangler Share This Article LinkedIn Email Print Talk Courtesy of YouTube March 23, 2017 | 12:01PM PT Google is facing a worldwide advertiser backlash over ads programmatically placed on YouTube in videos containing hateful, terroristic and racist messages, but the near-term impact from the controversy will be “minimal,” according to RBC Capital Markets analysts. “Yes, this is a headline negative and we can understand why brands would be upset,” RBC’s team of internet analysts led by Mark Mahaney wrote in research note Thursday. But the firm is not altering its revenue projections for 2017 for Alphabet, Google’s parent company. The RBC analysts reiterated their “outperform” rating on Alphabet and their $1025-per-share price target on the stock. “Google is one of the strongest, most consistent fundamental stories in tech. Period,” they wrote. The uproar quickly swept across the U.K. advertising community, following an expose last week by the Times of London about ads from major brands appearing on YouTube against videos from white supremacists and radical Islamic preachers and other brand-unsafe content. On Wednesday, AT&T and Verizon said they were pulling ads from YouTube and Google’s non-search ad networks. GSK and Enterprise are among other U.S. marketers joining the boycott, along with more than 250 advertisers in the U.K. including Volkswagen, McDonald’s, the BBC, L’Oréal, Marks & Spencer, HSBC, Royal Bank of Scotland, Lloyds, Audi and Havas. Related AT&T, Verizon Suspend YouTube Ads Over Hate-Speech Videos Google has responded to the issue by outlining a number of steps it plans to take to combat ads inappropriately placed against such offensive content, including hiring more staff and developing artificial-intelligence algorithms to better identify hate speech. Google also says it is improving the controls and reporting tools advertisers have about where their ads are displayed. “We’ve begun an extensive review of our advertising policies and have made a public commitment to put in place changes that give brands more control over where their ads appear,” the tech giant said in a statement Wednesday. “We’re also raising the bar for our ads policies to further safeguard our advertisers’ brands.” The RBC analysts noted that Google released “an apology/proactive change press release” to try to reassure advertisers that it’s taking good-faith efforts to correct the problems. Still, Google and YouTube execs seem to have been caught off guard by how broadly and swiftly the ad pullback over hate-speech content has spread. To gauge the potential effect on earnings from the boycott, RBC estimated that a 10% hit to YouTube and Google display network revenue would amount to $1.5 billion for 2017, reducing Alphabet’s total revenue by 1.7%, while a 2% drop in YouTube and Google network ad revenue would result in total revenue declining $309 million, or 0.3%. That’s based on the analysts’ rough estimates that YouTube will account for roughly $14 billion in revenue in 2017, and Google’s display network will generate $4.8 billion. But again, RBC isn’t currently changing its forecasts for Alphabet. That said, the RBC analysts noted, any drop in advertising on YouTube stands to benefit Facebook and Instagram, given marketers’ strong interest in reaching audiences on social, mobile and video networks. Filed Under: Google Youtube Want to read more articles like this one? SUBSCRIBE TO VARIETY TODAY. Post A Comment 0 Most Popular 1 TV 11:02AM PT ‘The Fresh Prince of Bel-Air’ Cast Reunites — See What the Stars Look Like Now 2 Digital 10:25AM PT Comcast Plans to Launch Low-Cost Broadband Skinny TV Bundles Across U.S. Footprint in Q3 3 Film 10:02AM PT Anne Hathaway’s ‘Dirty Rotten Scoundrels’ Remake Finds Director 4 Digital 8:56AM PT Bill O’Reilly Apologizes for Calling Maxine Waters’ Hair a ‘James Brown Wig’ 5 Film 7:32AM PT ‘What’s Eating Gilbert Grape’ Star Darlene Cates Dies at 69 HFPA Announces Date for 2018 Golden Globes Asghar Farhadi Breaks Silence on Oscar Victory Playback: James Mangold on a Hard-R ‘Logan’ and Wolverine’s Western DNA Lessons From ‘La La Land’ as the Curtain Falls on Another Oscar Season Variety Jobs Creative Development Coordinator Triptyk Studios, New York, New York Account/Project Coordinator (Ad Agency) Petrol Advertising, Burbank, California Media Specialist Bridgewater Associates, Westport, Connecticut Executive Director, Aspen Film Company Confidential, Aspen, Colorado Associate Director, YouTuber & Gamer Partnerships Save the Children, Fairfield, Connecticut See More Jobs Marketplace Leave a Reply No Comments Cancel reply Comments are moderated. They may be edited for clarity and reprinting in whole or in part in Variety publications. Enter your comment here... Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: Email (required) (Address never made public) Name (required) Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Notify me of new comments via email. Notify me of new posts via email. More Digital News from Variety The Power of Content An Elegant German-Made Chronograph Wristwatch For Under $2000 Francesca Eastwood Signs With Brillstein Entertainment Partners How to Get the Limited-Edition Air Jordan 1 'Royal' on April 1 Bill O'Reilly Apologizes for His Comments About Maxine Waters&#039… 'Netflix, My Ass': Sony's Tom Rothman Throws Down the Gauntlet… Subscribe to Variety Today! All The Ways to Get Variety Online Subscription Print Subscription Mobile Apps Newsletters News Alerts Archives Slanguage Dictionary Help Other Variety Products Media: Variety 411 Research & Data: Variety Insight Archives Premium Email Alerts Real Estate Jobs Access the best entertainment industry data available View the Variety archives dating back to 1905 Get News Delivered To Your Inbox Privacy Policy Your Privacy Rights Terms of Use About Us Advertise Contact Us Google+ The Power of Content Deadline india.com Hollywoodlife @hollywood TV Line GOLDDERBY WWD Footwearnews © Copyright 2017 Variety Media, LLC, a subsidiary of Penske Business Media, LLC. Variety and the Flying V logos are trademarks of Variety Media, LLC. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Variety411: Your production services resource ad
This website requires Javascript to run correctly. Click here for help enabling it The New Zealand Herald 7:42am Wed 29 March Network   ° 0 / ° 0   Loading… Help & Support The New Zealand Herald Bay of Plenty Times Hawke's Bay Today The Rotorua Daily Post The Northern Advocate Wanganui Chronicle Manawatu Guardian Kapiti News Hamilton News The Aucklander The Northland Age Stratford Press Herald Rugby Viva Dream Team Bite True Commercial Newspix Driven The Country Chinese NZ Herald nzherald.co.nz submit Navigation Home National National Insights NZ Herald Focus Education Crime Environment Politics Weather Opinion Maori Employment Quizzes Health Local Focus Opinion Opinion Financial Your Views Media Blogs Cartoons Living in NZ Editorial Travel Political Business Business Personal Finance Small Business Work Life Around NZ Our Experts Economy Deloitte 200 Industries Toolbox Property Tech Tech ICT News Internet Science Computers Wired Mobile Space Gadgets Innovation World World South America Videos Europe Climate Middle East Australia Africa Pacific Disasters Asia Strange but True USA Photos Sport Sport Sailing Rugby Golf Cricket Motorsport League Racing Football More Sport Netball Live Scores Basketball Dream Team Entertainment Entertainment Music Spy Games Celebrity Culture Reviews Sideswipe Video Puzzles TV Horoscope Movies Lifestyle Lifestyle Parenting Health & Wellbeing Design & Garden Food & Drink Viva Fashion & Beauty Canvas Relationships Pets & Animals Travel Travel International New Zealand Cruises NZ Walks Tips Australia Accommodation Pacific Queensland Escapes Rural Motoring Motoring Driven Property Property Residential Property Herald Homes True Commercial Classifieds Classifieds Public Notices True Commercial Businesses for Sale Motoring Sub Navigation Business Small Business Around NZ Economy Global Trade Retail Trade Industries Property Property News Businesses for Sale Herald Commercial Property Personal Finance Work Life Our Experts Deloitte 200 Toolbox Google wants to fix tech's diversity problem with an outpost for historically black colleges By Jena McGregor 7:21 AM Friday Mar 24, 2017 SHARE: Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Not saved Email Print Google Mobile Business Technology United States Google's US headquarters. Photo / 123RF Four years ago, Google began sending engineers to historically black colleges such as Howard University for its "Google in Residence" program, an attempt to improve its recruiting from these campuses, prepare students for Google's peculiar hiring practices, and inject their computer science courses with more of the up-to-date skills that Silicon Valley needs. Now, it is trying the reverse, starting an on-campus outpost known as "Howard West" that brings students from Washington to Mountain View, California, for three months of computer science classes, one-on-one mentorships with black Google tech employees, and even the Googleplex's famous free food and shuttles. Faculty will come with them, spending an "externship" teaching and learning alongside Google engineers. The new program, announced Thursday, is the search giant's latest effort to try to boost its stubbornly low numbers of black employees, which account for just 1 percent of its technology employees - the same number as in 2014 - and only 2 percent of its employees overall, according to the company's most recent diversity report. Besides its Google in Residence program, the company has expanded its recruiting to a broader range of schools, trains its workers on "implicit biases" and re-examines resumes to make sure recruiters don't overlook diverse talent. "We'd been focused on narrowing or, really, eliminating the digital divide," said Bonita Stewart, vice president of partnerships for Google, in an interview. "Now we're seeing there's an opportunity to look at the geographical divide. By having this immersive program, we will have the opportunity to focus on the hard technical skills, but more important are some of the softer skills, in terms of working and understanding the Valley culture." As part of the new program, rising juniors and seniors will spend three months in classes at a dedicated space on Google's campus. Tuition will be paid for by Howard and private donors; funding will also cover their housing and a summer stipend. Continued below. Related Content Executive Success: From early lessons to board chair TVNZ proposal would mean job losses Bank of NZ to bring in nuclear free, tobacco free investment policy The program is likely to include events such as networking sessions with Howard alumni throughout the Valley, opportunities to shadow Google employees, and formal and informal conversations about their experiences. It launches this summer with 25 students from Howard University, but the aim is to expand it next year to other historically black colleges and universities, or HBCUs. Howard University President Wayne Frederick said he hopes the program will help retain students in computer science programs who might not have the financial means to remain. "A large number of our students are Pell Grant-eligible, and support is a real concern," said Frederick in an interview. "This also helps address their ability to matriculate more quickly." By having this immersive program, we'll have the opportunity to focus on hard technical skills, but more important are some of the softer skills, in terms of understanding the Valley culture. Bonita Stewart, vice president of partnerships for Google The idea began after Frederick made some visits to Silicon Valley companies in 2014 and recognised the gulf between the two cultures. "Until you actually walk around and see it in action, I don't think you really get it," he said. A medical doctor, he recognised the value of more clinical experience earlier in medical students' education, something that could be applied to computer science majors, too. At an event, he met Stewart, a Howard alumna who herself had seen the opportunity for HBCUs to get an outpost at the Googleplex after her office in New York provided space for the Cornell Tech program and the nonprofit Black Girls Code. "We thought by moving it out west and creating this more immersive environment, we could perhaps accelerate our diversity effort in a new and interesting way," Stewart said. The new program could also help fix some concerns about the company's "Google in Residence" program. In a Bloomberg Businessweek cover story early last year, a former Google engineer cited the difficulty of luring Google employees to Howard's campus in Washington, which took them out of the regular promotion and evaluation cycles back on campus. The new program would allow engineers to remain local as they got involved in the program. It could also help expose students earlier to the culture shock that awaits some of them when they come to Silicon Valley. One black student said she was startled by how homogeneous the area was on a visit and noted the playground-style perks at tech campuses armed with ping-pong tables didn't interest her. There are not a lot of people of colour in the Valley - and that, by itself, makes it kind of unwelcoming. "Slides are not really appealing," she told Bloomberg. "There are not a lot of people of colour in the Valley - and that, by itself, makes it kind of unwelcoming." Diversity experts briefed on general details about the program said that while the concept is intriguing, there are also important questions to consider about how to prepare students for the experience. "I don't know how many of the cultural nuances everybody has thought through," said Freada Kapor Klein, who co-chairs the Kapor Center for Social Impact and founded a summer math and science program for low-income, underrepresented high school students of colour. "Students are coming from . . . a predominantly people-of-colour campus and being parachuted into a an overwhelmingly white, Asian and male environment." Others agreed that the program's success will lie in its details - as well as in how well it translates to hires. Data shows there are proportionally more students of colour graduating from computer science programs than are being hired by big firms, making the real problem not the pipeline, but a lack of hiring, said Ellie Tumbuan, a principal at Vaya Consulting, which assists clients with diversity issues in the Bay Area. "Everyone is understanding that it's more important to build long-term relationships," she said. "The real commitment comes with what are you actually going to do about hiring." As of early last year, Bloomberg reported that just two computer science students from Howard had been hired by Google. A spokesperson would not provide updated numbers but said many students began as freshmen, so would not yet have had a chance to be hired. Hiring more talented black computer science experts is, of course, an outcome both Google and Howard want to see. Asks Frederick: "Can we get more students into this pipeline in a way that would help retain them and ultimately, five to seven years down the road, really impact what the hiring looks like across the industry?" He hopes so. - Washington Post By Jena McGregor Email Print Get the news delivered straight to your inbox Receive the day’s news, sport and entertainment in our daily email newsletter SIGN UP NOW Loading Currency Compare and convert world currencies. Discover more Loading Loading Herald Services Book your ad Driven Photos for sale True Commercial Death Notices Public Notices Our Regional News Stories The Northern Advocate Extension of time given to brothel Whangarei brothel to lodge resource consent - given extension. Hawke's Bay Today Flights delayed as fog rolls into capital Wet day in store for the North Island with cloud and sea fog shrouding the east. Bay of Plenty Times Tauranga's $245m plea for nearly 50,000 new homes Tauranga puts in $246 million bid to infrastructure fund, despite concerns about debt… Our Features' Top Stories Driven Kings of the road: behind the scenes of Kiwi success story Kiwi company TrailLite explain their motorhome success... Viva Restaurant review: Clooney, Freemans Bay Clooney's new chef, Jacob Kear, raises the bar of Auckland's dining scene True Commercial Grey Lynn property in prime location An investment property for sale in Grey Lynn is generating over $200,000. More from us Social and Platforms Facebook Twitter Google+ Youtube Instagram RSS Email Mobile Contact the site Contact the newsroom - newspaper Contact the newsroom - digital Send pics, video and tips Help & Support Feedback Advertising Advertise with NZME. Print advertising Online Classified advertising Other Photo sales Subscriber services Promotions Sponsorship About us Our publications Search Legal Privacy Policy Terms of Use Competition Terms & Conditions View on our: Mobile Site © Copyright 2017, NZME. Publishing Limited Assembled by: (static) on production apcf04 at 29 Mar 2017 09:06:03 Processing Time: 39ms
Articles l l Why You Shouldn’t Use (Most) Alternative Browsers Based on Google Chrome How to Turn a Raspberry Pi into an Always-On BitTorrent Box Clearing Your Cookies All the Time Makes the Web More Annoying What Is HTTPS, and Why Should I Care? Subscribe l l FOLLOW US TWITTER GOOGLE+ FACEBOOK GET UPDATES BY EMAIL Enter your email below to get exclusive access to our best articles and tips before everybody else. RSS ALL ARTICLES FEATURES ONLY Search How to Make Google Home Pronounce Your Name Correctly The voice on Google Assistant has gotten better over the years, but it still stumbles sometimes when it comes to names. If Google frequently mispronounces your name, you can correct this in the Google Home app. To change the pronunciation of your name, open the Google Home app on your phone and tap the menu button. Tap “More settings.” Scroll down to the bottom of the list of settings and tap “Personal info.” Next, tap Nickname. At the top, you’ll see your name spelled properly as it is on your Google account. Below, tap the button next to “Spell it out” and type out your name phonetically. You may need to experiment a little to get the pronunciation right. Tap the Play button beneath the box to hear how Google pronounces your name and keep trying to get it right. Now, whenever Google needs to use your name, it should sound correct. JOIN THE DISCUSSION (1 REPLY) Got Feedback? Click Here to Join the Discussion Tweet Eric Ravenscraft covers smarthome tech for How-To Geek. He's a problem solver who never learned to say no to a project. When he's not fixing things, he's cosplaying at cons, playing video games, and watching too many comic book movies. You can follow him on Twitter or Instagram. Published 03/23/17 DID YOU KNOW? Professional wrestler John Cena holds the world record for granting the most wishes through the Make-a-Wish foundation with over 450 wishes granted. BEST OF HOW-TO GEEK Should You Disable Windows Services to Speed Up Your PC? How to Fax a Document From Your Smartphone Why You Don’t Need an Expensive Smartphone Anymore Don’t Be Intimidated: Building Your Own Computer is Easier Than You’d Think Which Chromecast Should I Buy (and Should I Upgrade My Old One)? How to Use All of Windows 10’s Backup and Recovery Tools Use Smart Lock to Automatically Unlock Your Chromebook With Your Android Phone 10 Quick Ways to Speed Up a Slow PC Running Windows 7, 8, or 10 7 Ways To Free Up Disk Space on Your OS X Mac Follow @howtogeek More Articles You Might Like ABOUT About Us Contact Us Discussion Forum Advertising Privacy Policy GET ARTICLES BY EMAIL Enter your email address to get our daily newsletter. FOLLOW US Twitter Facebook Google+ RSS Feed Disclaimer: Most of the pages on the internet include affiliate links, including some on this site. Copyright © 2006-2017 How-To Geek, LLC  All Rights Reserved
Computerworld New Zealand Google's Android Things OS won't work on new Raspberry Pi board News Technology News Business Cloud Computing Data Centre Gaming Dev Government Infrastructure Mobility Networking Open Source Security Servers Social Networking Software Software Development Storage Tech Planet Telecoms Tutorials Unified Comms Virtualisation Tools Blogs Editorial Contacts Events IT Media Releases Join Computerworld Newsletters NBN RSS Slideshows Vendor View Videos Zones Jobs Whitepapers All Whitepapers Business + Management Cloud Computing CRM Data Centre Data Management Disaster Recovery Network Security Storage Telecommunications Unified Communications Virtualisation Wireless Other Whitepapers Login Forgot password? Sign up now to get free exclusive access to reports, research and invitation only events. Twitter Facebook Google's Android Things OS won't work on new Raspberry Pi board Google's Android does not support the chip on the IoT board Agam Shah (IDG News Service) 24 March, 2017 05:33 - - - - print email Comments The new Raspberry Pi Zero W was designed to be a board to make internet-of-things devices, but a key OS from Google won't work on the hardware. Google's Android Things IoT OS will not work with the small developer board, which is partly a wireless board, partly a gadget development tool. The Zero W is priced at US$10. The Zero W has a 1GHz single-core BCM2835 processor, which is based on the ARMv6 architecture. Android Things does not support ARMv6, so the OS will not work on the board. The OS is specially tuned to work with specific chipsets. The BCM2835 chip is the same in the original Raspberry Pi developer boards. The lack of support of Android Things on Zero W isn't a major concern for Eben Upton, the founder of Raspberry Pi Foundation. "We're hopeful that in time Google will resuscitate the ARMv6 support in Android to allow Things to run on Zero W," Upton said. Upton likes the low power consumption and small form factor that comes with using BCM2835, especially when compared to the faster Broadcom chips on the newer and faster, but larger, Raspberry Pi 3. The hardware specs, like the 512MB of memory of the Raspberry Pi Zero W, are reasonable for Android Things, but the BCM2835 SoC isn't supported, said Dave Smith, an IoT developer advocate at Google. "This part is a bit of a problem for Android, as the platform doesn't really support that [ARMv6] architecture anymore," Smith said in a post on the Android Things page on the Google IoT Developers Community page on Google+.  Android Things is supported by Raspberry Pi 3 and boards from Intel. The OS is still in preview and has a lot of growth potential with the emergence of IoT devices. No date has been provided for a final version of Android Things, but features like machine-learning are being built into the OS. The OS will eventually support more boards as usage of Android Things expands. Support for ARMv6 has also been pulled from latest Android OS used in mobile devices, considering the architecture is now more than 15 years old. ARM's core architecture is the 64-bit ARMv8, and the chip architecture is still being improved with performance and power-efficiency features. The Pi Zero W competes with other low-cost IoT boards like the $6.99 Orange Pi Zero. The Zero W also competes with popular wireless boards like Particle Photon and ESP32 boards from Espressif Systems.    The Zero W could be picked up by many users as an extension of the main Raspberry Pi 3 board, which has sold in the millions. The Zero W supports Raspbian, a Linux-based OS from Raspberry Pi. Join the Computerworld New Zealand newsletter! Join Error: Please check your email address. More about ARMBroadcomGoogleIntelLinuxOrangeRaspberry Pi Editor's Recommendations Telcos call for copper cut-off code NZTech urges action on IoT Spark promises 4.5G as 4G coverage passes 90 percent ‘Outdated’ cell broadcasting for emergency messages Spark to brighten up Christchurch CBD with new office Law and venture capital firms team to apply AI to legal services Related Whitepapers Detecting a Phising Email Accelerate Your Glide Path to AWS Cloud Migration PCI: It’s Not Just for Card Companies Anymore Responding to Today’s Advanced Threats Show Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Read next Augmented reality gets a second life in manufacturing Skype for Business admins get tool to diagnose call problems The week in security: Apple extortion attempt; can Blockchain protect medical devices? CSO Online In pictures: The 2016 Hi-Tech Awards 'The Oscars of NZ's ICT industry' IN PICTURES: Kiwi student innovators unite as Microsoft Imagine Cup 2016 hits ... Google launches official Gmail Add-on program Editorial Contacts Advertising Information Privacy Policy RSS Newsletters Events Whitepapers News Zones IT Media Releases Slideshows Videos Copyright 2017 IDG Communications. ABN 14 001 592 650. All rights reserved. Reproduction in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of IDG Communications is prohibited. IDG Sites: PC World New Zealand | CIO New Zealand | Reseller News []
By using this service and related content, you agree to the use of cookies for analytics, personalised content and ads. Learn more msn back to msn home news Web search Sign in Change language and content: América Latina (español) Argentina (español) Australia (English) België (Nederlands) Belgique (français) Brasil (português) Canada (English) Canada (français) Chile (español) Colombia (español) Danmark (Dansk) Deutschland (Deutsch) España (español) France (français) India (English) Indonesia (Bahasa Indonesia) Ireland (English) Italia (italiano) Malaysia (English) México (español) Nederland (Nederlands) New Zealand (English) Norge (norsk, bokmål) Österreich (Deutsch) Perú (español) Philippines (English) Polska (polski) Portugal (Português) Schweiz (Deutsch) Singapore (English) South Africa (English) Suisse (français) Suomi (suomi) Sverige (svenska) Türkiye (Türkçe) United Arab Emirates (English) United Kingdom (English) United States (English) United States (español) Venezuela (español) Việt Nam (Tiếng Việt) Ελλάδα (ελληνικά) Россия (Pусский) ישראל (עברית)‏ الإمارات العربية المتحدة (العربية‏) المملكة العربية السعودية (العربية‏) مصر (العربية‏) ไทย (ไทย) 한국 (한국어) 中华人民共和国 (简体中文) 台灣 (繁體中文) 日本 (日本語) 香港特别行政區 (繁體中文) Feedback Headlines UK News World Report Weird News Video Photos My Topics Home News Weather Entertainment Sport Money Lifestyle Horoscopes Health & Fitness Food & Drink Cars Travel News Sections UK News World Report EU Referendum US News Weird News Photos Videos AdChoices Google opens 'Howard West' on Calif. campus USA TODAY Jessica Guynn 5 days ago SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL Russia is the house that Putin built – and he’ll never abandon it Independence referendum: Scotland backs Sturgeon's call for new UK vote © Associated Press FILE - In this June 5, 2014 file photo, a worker rides a bike on Google's campus in Mountain View, Calif. SAN FRANCISCO — Google is opening "Howard West" on its campus in Mountain View, Calif., a Silicon Valley outpost for the historically black university where computer science majors can immerse themselves in coding instruction and tech culture, not to mention the inner workings of one of the planet's most famous companies. Between 25 and 30 juniors and seniors from Washington, D.C.-based Howard University will spend 12 weeks at Google this summer, receiving instruction from senior Google engineers and Howard faculty and getting course credit for their studies, the Internet giant announced Thursday. The program is an outgrowth of Google's effort to recruit more software engineers from historically black colleges and universities, one of the ways Google is addressing the severe shortage of African Americans on its payroll, particularly in technical roles, where they account for 1% of the workforce. Eventually Google wants to expand the program to include other historically black colleges and universities, said Bonita Stewart, Google's vice president of global partnerships, who has been working with Howard University President Dr. Wayne Frederick to develop the framework. Stewart says when she joined Google a decade ago, there was little talk of diversity or making the tech industry more representative of the populations it serves. Today, this Howard graduate says Google is making a serious investment in building bridges. "For us, it is an opportunity to ensure that we are building a pipeline and more importantly, stimulating the right partnerships to drive change," Stewart told USA TODAY. Google is targeting historically black colleges and universities because more than a third of African Americans receiving computer science degrees come from those schools yet they rarely find jobs in Silicon Valley tech companies.  "I would like to see more Howard students and ultimately historically black colleges and universities students and underrepresented minorities being hired in the tech industry and participating in more start-ups," Frederick said. "Exposure to that environment early will pay dividends on the back end." The Howard West program is an extension of the Google in Residence program, which embeds Google engineers on the campuses of Howard University and other historically black colleges and universities to teach courses and get students up to speed on critical skills rarely taught in the classroom, such as how to ace a software engineering job interview. Some of the students in the program secure summer internships at Google. Last year Google hosted 50 technical summer interns from seven historically black universities and colleges. This summer, 62 interns from 10 schools have accepted offers. Those who have taken part in the Google in Residence program credit Google and other tech companies that have become active on their campuses in the last few years for helping them plot career paths that could one day lead them to Silicon Valley. Alanna Walton, a 21-year-old computer science major finishing her junior year at Howard University, is headed to Google for the third straight summer, this time for an internship in the company's Mountain View headquarters. After she graduates, Walton says she's determined to work in the tech industry, most likely in front-end engineering or design. The Google in Residence program boosted her confidence. And she says other Howard computer science students have been similarly inspired by Google staffers being on hand to assure them: "You are learning the right stuff and you're on the right track." Now fewer of her peers are switching out of computer science into other majors, she says. "It makes them feel like they can do it and it helps people stay in computer science," Walton said. "It makes them feel like: It's not a far-fetched idea for me to be at Google." That's one of the aims of the Google in Residence program and Howard West: To bulldoze systemic barriers that lead to low enrollment and retention in computer science and dissuade black students from pursuing a career in the tech industry, Stewart says. During the time Google staffers have spent on the Howard campus, they've learned that many students get discouraged trying to find time to practice their coding skills while juggling a full course load and part-time jobs. The lack of mentors and role models from the tech industry is another big gap that the Google in Residence program and Howard West hope to fill, Stewart says. There will also be a separate program for faculty. Through that program, professors from Howard and other historically black colleges and universities will spend six weeks at Google learning the most recent advances in technology.  As she prepares to pack her bags for her Google internship in California, Walton says she's getting peppered with questions by excited Howard students headed to internships at Google for the first time. "They are super excited and so happy and they are asking me so many questions like: What do I need to pack?" Walton says. "I advise them if they want to fit in they should pack a lot of T-shirts and flip flops." More USA TODAY coverage of diversity and inclusion in Silicon Valley and the tech industry Go to MSN Home Go to MSN News Join the conversation Report Abuse Report inappropriate content Sorry! There was a problem. Please try again. Help us maintain a healthy and vibrant community by reporting any illegal or inappropriate behaviour that violates MSN’s Code of Conduct. Select a category Spam Child pornography or exploitation Profanity, vulgarity or obscenity Copyright infringement Harassment or threat Threats of suicide Other Who posted the inappropriate comment (Required) Paste the unacceptable comment here submit Leave your comment AdChoices AdChoices More From USA TODAY Beloved teacher surprised with gift of a lifetime USA TODAY Uganda's open door sags amid crush of refugees USA TODAY It's time to spring-clean your phone apps USA TODAY USA TODAY View the full site Feedback © 2017 Microsoft Privacy & Cookies Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Anti-Spam Did you find the story interesting? Like us on Facebook to see similar stories I'm already a fan, don't show this again Send Feedback Provide Feedback Report a Problem We appreciate your input! Select a category: I'm having problems with Top Destinations I'm having issues with searching I'm having problems with Featured Apps My Topics feedback Other How we can improve? Please give an overall site rating: Submit Close Privacy Statement Help Help & Support
Press Esc to close Wednesday 29 March 2017 News updated at 1:35 AM IST  Home   News   District   City   Point Blank - Bengaluru   State   National   International   Business   DH Wheels   Supplements   Sunday   Sportscene   Sunday Herald   Travel   Articulations   Books   Art & Culture   Entertainment   Monday   Cyber Space   Family Finance   Economy & Business   Art Review   Metrolife   Tuesday   Spectrum   Science & Technology   Environment   Wednesday   Metrolife   Thursday   Metrolife   DH Education   Friday   Homes & Interiors   Metrolife   Saturday   Movie Review   She   Living   Metrolife   Sports   Entertainment   Videos   Opinion   Edits   First Edit   Second Edit   Main Article   In Perspective   Right in the Middle   Columns   Oasis   Analysis   Panorama   Special Features   Sunday Spotlight   Kitchen   Recipe   ePaper   Archives    Ramesh Kumar to head panel to rein in media      Honour killing: SC raps trial court for granting bail to accused      Protests after Chinese employee allegedly disrespects tricolour      Pb: Amarinder's war on drugs leads to 485 arrests, 387 cases      Now a grenade with spicy jelly to tackle protests in J&K      Meat sellers hold talks with UP govt, strike to continue      Foul-mouthed Messi banned for four Argentina games      Pak voices 'serious concerns' over growing Indo-US partnership      Admission policy changes: JNU students protest at UGC office      Stand on cow slaughter in NE not connected to UP: BJP      Govt rejects Gurmeet Ram Rahim, MS Dhoni for Padma awards      Interpol shuts door on ED for Red corner notice against Lalit Modi      Separatists call for strike over Budgam deaths, demand inquiry      China's military facilities on man-made SCS islands nearly ready      Congress Govt mulls Indira's name for subsidised canteens      Legal spat in US over parents wanting to name child "Allah"      Supply hit hard, meat prices likely to soar after Navratra      Kohli in doubt for early part of IPL      Scribe who shot sting video on jawan booked      Land leasing, renting to attract GST from Jul 1      AI hardens stand on Gaikwad, cancels two tickets      Telcos want DoT to check handset quality over call drops      Snapping of Indo-Pak talks only encourages terrorists: Pak      IMD, states focus on dissemination of information on heatwave      Bhupathi picks four singles players; Paes, Bopanna reserves      SBI spent Rs 775 cr in maintaining Jan Dhan accounts: Govt     Next Story Business & homes: the connect Read more >> You are here: Home » Supplements » Homes & Interiors » Google commits to new London HQ Google commits to new London HQ Achal Narayanan, March 24, 2017 Google Headquarters in California, USA. Google has confirmed plans to build a new headquarters in London and create 3,000 jobs — the first wholly owned and designed Google building outside the United States. The new purpose-built structure will join a growing Google campus at King’s Cross in central London. The campus will eventually house 7,000 employees across three offices in more than one million square feet. The ten-storeyed, 650,000 square feet building will be an integral part of Google’s rapidly developing community. The building will complement Google’s existing commitment to the 67-acre King’s Cross Estate. Google will eventually occupy three buildings in the area, including the recently occupied 380,000 square feet development at 6 Pancras Square, which has desk space for approximately 2,500 employees. Construction on a second building that Google will lease began earlier in 2016, with the company set to occupy it in 2018. Email this page Print this page Tweet Go to Top Videos Free Meal for Elders: A service organisation... Watch: Encounter underway between security forces, terrorists... After UP, crackdown on illegal slaughterhouses reaches... Watch: Gudi Padwa celebrations in full swing... Subscribe - Deccan Herald's YouTube channel more videos Most popular stories now Commented Emailed Viewed 1.Yogi orders closure of slaughter houses, bans cow smuggling 2.Firebrand Hindu cleric as CM shocking rebuke to minorities: NYT 3.Yogi hurries to implement BJP election manifesto 4.Islam gives equal rights to women, Muslim Law Board tells apex court 5.VVIP culture: MP travels solo in airport bus in Patna 1.Most mothers unaware of health benefits of hug 2.A tryst with literature 3.Working longer may benefit your health 4.How to protect data from border searches 5.'10 mins of vigorous exercise may cut diabetes risk in kids' 1. VVIP culture: MP travels solo in airport bus in Patna 2. Big Data, Machine Learning and Internet of Things 3. Aussie cricketers are no longer friends, says Virat Kohli 4. AI hardens stand on Gaikwad, cancels two tickets 5. Seven in a row: India beat Australia to regain Border-Gavaskar Trophy Photo Gallery Children with flowers, neem leaves and jaggery all set to welcome the New Year... Roads wear deserted look on Tuesday as temperature soars in Surat... Security forces chasing away local protesters who tried to disrupt an anti-militant operation... Smoke billowing out of the house which was targeted by the security forces personnel for... A man carries schoolchildren on his bicycle on a road in Srinagar, India... Russian opposition leader Alexei Navalny, foreground, speaks to press in a court room in Moscow.... A huge fish that was found in the sea near Vijaydurg in Sindhudurg, Maharashtra on Monday.... Jaime Yarza (3rdL), Head of Tournament FIFA and Javier Ceppi (R),Tournament Director, LOCFIFA.... Indian players during the tea break at the 3rd day of last test match against Australia at HPCA... Guillaume Sicard, President, Nissan India Operations poses with the newly launched New Terrano... more Like us on Facebook About Us | News | Business | Sports | Supplements | Contact Us | Subscribe | Privacy Policy Copyright 2017, The Printers (Mysore) Private Ltd., 75, M.G Road, Post Box 5331, Bengaluru - 560001 Tel: +91 (80) 25880000 Fax No. +91 (80) 25880523
Created with Sketch. Watch Live     Now Playing Watch Listen TV Schedule Live submit al jazeera menu   submit NewsMore Middle East Africa Asia US & Canada Latin America Europe Asia Pacific Middle East DocumentariesMore Featured Documentaries Witness Al Jazeera World 101 East People & Power Fault Lines Rebel Education Latin America Investigates REWIND All ShowsMore Inside Story The Stream The Listening Post Talk to Al Jazeera The Big Picture Counting the Cost UpFront earthrise Empire All Investigations Opinion MoreMore Features In Pictures Interactive Interactive Documentaries AJ Shorts Podcasts & Audio Reporter's Notebook Human Rights Sport Science & Technology Weather Now: Syria's Civil War Battle for Mosul Refugees Gaza Russia Most Searched body : Layout 27 : Cell 1 NewsSocial media J&J pulls ads from YouTube over 'offensive' videos Johnson & Johnson the latest company to drop ads over fears content may appear alongside 'terrorism' and hate videos. 23 Mar 2017 18:47 GMT Google, Social media, Media Advertisers have suspended marketing campaigns on YouTube after discovering brands appearing alongside terrorism videos [YouTube] US healthcare conglomerate Johnson & Johnson has become the latest company to suspend all digital advertising on YouTube over concerns its ads may have appeared on channels that broadcast offensive videos. J&J said on Thursday it wanted to ensure that its product advertising did not appear on channels that promote "offensive content", a day after AT&T, Verizon, and several other major advertisers suspended their digital ads after discovering their brands had been appearing alongside videos promoting violence and hatred. "We are deeply concerned that our ads may have appeared alongside YouTube content promoting terrorism and hate," AT&T said in a statement. "Until Google can ensure this won't happen again, we are removing our ads from Google's non-search platforms." Google, YouTube's parent company, has come under intense scrutiny for ads appearing alongside videos carrying homophobic or anti-Semitic messages. Last week, an investigation by The Times in London newspaper revealed the ads of major brands were appearing in videos delving into contentious themes. The company has vowed an overhaul of its practices and said it started an extensive review of its advertising policies. Shares of Alphabet, Google's parent company, fell by 1.3 percent, or $11.21 per share following J&J's announcement. YouTube has become one of the fastest growing parts of Google's ad system, which generated $79bn in revenue last year. Google hasn't disclosed how much of that came from YouTube ads, but research firm eMarketer estimated the video site accounted for $5.6bn. EMarketer projected YouTube's advertising will rise 26 percent this year to $7bn, but that prediction came before marketers began to suspend their spending. Can anyone control what's published online? – Inside Story Source: News agencies Tell us what you think Content on this website is for general information purposes only. Your comments are provided by your own free will and you take sole responsibility for any direct or indirect liability. You hereby provide us with an irrevocable, unlimited, and global license for no consideration to use, reuse, delete or publish comments, in accordance with Community Rules & Guidelines and Terms and Conditions. MORE FROM AL JAZEERA The woman who washes the dead The story of two women - a Palestinian Bedouin and a Syrian refugee - as one prepares the other for burial. Refugees, Greece, Religion Meet the man crowd-funding Gaza's first English library Books can help to connect Palestinians in the besieged territory to the rest of the world, says Mosab Abu Toha. Gaza, Palestine, Middle East What is the alt-right and what does it stand for? Examining the alt-right's ideological and historical origins, its internal divisions and what to expect from it now. Politics, United States, Donald Trump Media Theorised In our latest online series we showcase the key works of five big thinkers from around the world – Noam Chomsky, Edward Said, Marshall McLuhan, Roland Barthes and Stuart Hall - whose theories on the media will sharpen your critical tools when you next consume the news. Related Google: Difficult to filter all YouTube 'terror' Screening the almost 300 videos uploaded every minute would be like pre-screening phone calls, Internet firm says. Media, War & Conflict, Middle East, Europe, Google Drowning in a cacophony of content as YouTube turns 10 Revolutionary video-sharing site marks a decade of life, but some question whether it has bettered humanity. Internet, United States, Iran, Joseph Kony, Middle East Trending Bodies of suspected UN workers in DRC found Gaza: Israel's war drums are getting louder Celebrating Yahya Jammeh in his birthplace Will the fall of Raqqa put an end to ISIL in Syria? Scottish parliament backs new independence referendum Crowds attack Africans in India after teen's death Five men arrested in India over attacks on Africans The populist drift of the French election campaign Qatar announces $6.28bn investment in Britain UK students face disciplinary action over BDS protest MUST-SEE PROGRAMMES REWIND Liberia: Aftermath of Ebola A personal journey reveals how anger and fear fuelled the Ebola crisis that ravaged West Africa. Africa, Health Featured Documentaries Occupation of the American Mind A look at the information wars waged by Israel and its supporters to win the hearts and minds of the American people. Media, War & Conflict, Israel The Listening Post Reading Latin America through Edward Said Media and the politics of representation in Latin America, from the 'perfect Latin American' to the 'authentic' one. Media, Politics, Latin America The Big Picture The Making and Breaking of Europe We analyse how populist far-right movements are challenging the promise of an integrated union. Politics, Europe News Programmes Opinion About Investigations Contact Us Video Facebook Twitter Google+ RSS Podcast YouTube SnapChat © 2017 Al Jazeera Media Network About About Us Press Office Awards Code of Ethics Terms and Conditions Community Guidelines Work for us Connect Contact Us Apps Social Channel Finder TV Schedule Podcasts Newsletter Our Channels Al Jazeera Arabic Al Jazeera English Al Jazeera Mubasher Al Jazeera Documentary Al Jazeera Balkans Al Jazeera Turk AJ+ Our Network Al Jazeera Centre for Studies Al Jazeera Media Institute Al Jazeera Centre for Public Liberties & Human Rights Al Jazeera Forum Al Jazeera Film Festival Al Jazeera Learning Al Jazeera Hotel Partners   © 2017 Al Jazeera Media Network  
clock menu more-arrow Circuit Breaker Asus Chromebook Flip C302 review: standard issue The new baseline for Chrome OS convertibles by Dieter Bohn@backlon Mar 23, 2017, 2:51pm EDT Photography by Vjeran Pavic share tweet Linkedin Using the Asus Chromebook Flip C302, you can almost see how Chrome OS devices are going to stop being education machines or backup couch computers and become something different for a lot of people. Just computers (or, well, maybe just tablets). It's a "premium" Chromebook, which these days basically means it's well-built, has a fast processor, and costs around $500. That puts it in the same class as the Samsung Chromebook Plus and forthcoming Samsung Chromebook Pro. The C302 is all of those things, but to me it's a sign that both Google and its manufacturing partners are stretching to redefine how you typically think about a Chromebook. Google, for its part, is working feverishly to make the Android app on Chrome OS viable (they're not ready yet). Asus, for its part, produced the excellent machine I'm reviewing right now. It's rare to use a Chrome OS laptop that genuinely feels fast, well-built, and worth more than the $300 asking price that most Chromebooks cost. But if all those companies are going to succeed at this, it can't be rare anymore, it has to be standard. And the C302 sets the standard — for now. First and foremost: the C302 is fast enough for most tasks you'd imagine doing on a Chromebook, and perhaps fast enough for some stuff you wouldn't consider, like photo editing. It has an Intel Core M3-6Y30 processor paired with 4GB of RAM and 64GB of storage. I regularly use it with 15 or so tabs and web apps, and often more, without any problems. Android apps, however, are still in beta and are as much of a mess today as they have been for the past few months I've been trying it. When they come out of beta (presumably next month), I'll be eager to see if they are any better. Don't get the C302 for Android apps until we see what they really look like. Making Chrome OS feel like a PC One of the reasons that people tend to prefer "real" computers to Chromebooks is that they have apps with their own icons in the dock. On Chrome OS, you can drag any tab to the dock, but it still launches in a tab in a web browser. That's annoying because you can’t just Alt-Tab to email. Except you can! Chrome OS has a feature called "Open as Window" that takes any webpage and turns it into a separate app, so you don't lose it in your tabs. Here's how to use it: Open the web app you want to use, like Gmail Click the Three Dot menu in the upper-right of the Chrome window Click "More Tools" Click "Add to Shelf…" Here's the key trick: check the box for "Open as Window" before you click "Add" It works really well and makes Chrome OS feel a lot more like a Mac or Windows PC. The only real problem with it is that if you switch Chromebooks, your app's icon doesn't sync over to the new computer (Google promises that a fix for that is coming). The C302 does a better job at nailing most of the physical aspects of a good laptop than other devices you'll find in this price range. It's got a thin aluminum body (just over half an inch thick), and weighs just over two and a half pounds. There are some nice, subtle touches like a magnet in the base that secures the screen more firmly when you use it in tablet mode. To get to that mode, you just rotate the screen on its hinges, which are firm enough to stand up to tapping the screen when in laptop mode. The screen is 12.5 inches with a max resolution of 2400 x 1350, but you need Superman-like vision to handle the size of text at the native scaling, so most people should settle for something less extreme. On the whole, I'm happy with the keyboard, which is full sized and has long key travel. I find it a bit mushier than I'd like, but it's backlit like a keyboard really should be (unlike Samsung's Chromebooks). The trackpad is a little on the small side, but it's accurate and doesn't suffer from mis-taps. Battery life is really good, too, cracking the 10-hour mark in our looping website rundown test and hitting seven or eight hours in heavier day-to-day work. In between, you're charging over USB-C — and though people will gripe a bit about that, I'm over it: it's the port every laptop is going to be using from here on out. Plus, I love that there is one port on the left and one on the right, so you can plug in on either side. Expandable storage is via microSD. But there are compromises: for example, though the screen is good, it doesn't get nearly bright enough to use outdoors. Even inside, I find myself ratcheting up the brightness up to 80 or 90 percent most of the time. The speakers are astonishingly weak for a computer this size, which is disappointing when you consider one of the use cases for a convertible is watching Netflix in Tent or Tablet mode. Oh, and I already managed to nick one of the squared-off edges just through normal use. The obvious comparison to the C302 are Samsung's two new Chromebooks, the Plus and the Pro. (In fact, when I reviewed the Plus so many people asked about the C302 that I felt like I had to try it out.) So lots of people just want to know which is better and I don't have definitive opinions. I slightly prefer the Plus: it's a bit cheaper and has a bit nicer hardware (minus the backlighting on the keyboard) without too much reduction in speed. The Chromebook Pro might be my favorite of the three, but I haven't had a chance to review the final devices that consumers will be able to buy. If you can wait until next month to buy a Chromebook, I probably would, just to see how it compares. If all goes well, this C302 is just going to be an anonymous member of a vast horde of high-quality, near-identical Chromebooks with good screens, Android apps, and enough speed to do 90 percent of what you expect from them. They'll be a little more expensive than you're used to, maybe, but they'll deliver as much value as a comparably priced iPad or Windows PC — if not more. We're not there yet, and so the highest praise I can give Asus is that this fairly innocuous and forgettable computer is innocuous and forgettable in the best ways: it looks good, it works well, and I don't have to worry about it. It's a great baseline for future Chromebooks to either match or try to beat. It's not necessarily the best one, but it's a solid starting point for what you should expect. It's standard-issue. Asus Chromebook Flip C302 8.1 Verge Score Good Stuff: Nice build quality Fast processor Backlit keyboard Bad Stuff: Dim screen Weak speakers Small trackpad TL;DR Harvest your pet’s fur and wear it as a watch band Circuit Breaker Samsung is building 4K LED movie theater screens Circuit Breaker V-Moda’s updated Crossfade 2 Wireless headphones offer minor but welcome improvements View all stories in Circuit Breaker Loading comments... Chorus Terms of Use Privacy Policy Communications Preferences Contact Tip Us Community Guidelines About Ethics Statement All Systems Operational Check out our status page for more details. Vox Media Advertise with us Jobs @ Vox Media © 2017 Vox Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved tweet share
SiliconValley.com Twitter Facebook Google+ RSS   Social Web Mobile Cloud Gadgets Cleantech VC Data Games Policy Media   Google opening ‘Howard West’ in move to boost diversity By Levi Sumagaysay / March 23, 2017 at 10:02 AM Google is taking recruiting from historically black colleges to a new level by opening a “Howard West” right at its headquarters in Mountain View. Starting this summer, 25 to 30 juniors and seniors who are computer science majors at Washingt0n, D.C.-based Howard University will attend a three-month program at Google, the company announced Thursday. The students will be taught by Google engineers and Howard faculty. Google hopes to expand the program to other HCBUs “in the near future,” said Bonita Stewart, vice president of global partnerships, in a blog post Thursday. “Howard happens to be my alma mater, so I am especially proud to share that our formal recruiting from the university has evolved into a residency for Black CS majors right here at the Googleplex,” Stewart wrote. She said Howard West hopes to solve “critical gaps” that black computer-science majors face in getting jobs in the tech industry, such as access to mentors and role models. According to Google’s most recent diversity report (from January 2016), its technical workforce is 57 percent white, 37 percent Asian, 3 percent Hispanic and 1 percent African-American. Howard West is an offshoot of the Google In Residence program, which has embedded Google engineers in HCBUs such as Howard, Morehouse College in Atlanta and several other universities. The GIR program has placed interns at Google, with 62 interns from HCBUs coming to the company this summer, according to USA Today. Last year, Bloomberg wrote a story titled “Why Doesn’t Silicon Valley Hire Black Coders?” Howard’s GIR program was mentioned in the story, along with the tidbit that in 2016, just two Howard computer-science students had secured jobs in the valley. That story, like other stories about the lack of diversity in the tech industry, mentioned “cultural fit” as a factor. That’s something Howard West hopes to help with, with the program hoping “to make [Howard students] feel right at home here in Mountain View,” Stewart said in her post. Howard West tuition will be paid for by Howard and private donors, according to the Washington Post, and the students will also get housing and a spending stipend.   Photo: Google employees ride bicycles along Shorebird Way in Mountain View on June 24, 2014. (Patrick Tehan/Bay Area News Group) Share this: Email Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Reddit Google More Pinterest Tumblr   Tags: African-American, black, black colleges, computer science, diversity, Google, HCBU, Howard University   More Posts in GMSV On topic: Tech news to know now March 28, 2017   Apple’s iOS update helps find lost AirPods, empowers Siri, more March 28, 2017   Off topic: Side hustle, gold-coin theft, women and passports, adoptee’s story March 28, 2017       Share this Post Tweet               Tweets from @siliconbeat/siliconbeat   Popular Posts Google Android inventor Andy Rubin offers peek of new… Apple’s iOS update helps find lost AirPods, empowers… 14 things to know about America’s fastest-growing app Google self-driving vehicle spin-off Waymo follows the… Activists to target lawmakers who vote against net privacy…     Archives Archives Select Month March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 March 2009 February 2009 January 2009 December 2008 November 2008 October 2008 September 2008 August 2008 July 2008 June 2008 May 2008 April 2008 March 2008 February 2008 January 2008 December 2007 November 2007 October 2007 September 2007 August 2007 July 2007 June 2007 May 2007 April 2007 March 2007 February 2007 January 2007 December 2006 November 2006 October 2006 September 2006 August 2006 July 2006 June 2006 May 2006 April 2006 March 2006 February 2006 January 2006 December 2005 November 2005 October 2005 September 2005 August 2005 July 2005 June 2005 May 2005 April 2005 March 2005 February 2005   Related Feeds 60-Second Business Break Green Energy News Opinion Personal Tech Venture Capital   About SiliconBeat Sign up for the Good Morning Silicon Valley newsletter                       Education WordPress Theme by Copyright © 2017 Bay Area News Group. All Rights Reserved   Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Subscribe ▲ Learn more about PCWorld's Digital Editions    🔎 Home News Reviews How-To Video Business Laptops Tablets Phones Hardware Security Software Gadgets Subscribe Resources PCs Phones Printers Ultrabooks Blogs Viruses Cameras Components Computer Accessories Consumer Advice Displays E-readers Flash Drives Graphics Cards Hard Drives Home Theater Input Devices Keyboards Laptop Accessories Mobile Networking Operating Systems Optical Drives Processors Servers Smartwatches Streaming Services Storage Tablets Windows Home Internet of Things News Google's Android Things OS won't work on new Raspberry Pi board Google's Android does not support the chip on the IoT board. Email a friend To Use commas to separate multiple email addresses From 
		     Privacy Policy Thank you Your message has been sent. Sorry There was an error emailing this page. By Agam Shah U.S. Correspondent, IDG News Service | Mar 23, 2017 11:33 AM PT Credit: Raspberry Pi More like this The $10 Raspberry Pi Zero W brings Wi-Fi and Bluetooth to the minuscule... Google strengthens Android relationship with Intel in IoT Intel's Joule 550x computer ships, but initial units are heavily overpriced Video Building virtual PCs in PC Building Simulator The new Raspberry Pi Zero W was designed to be a board to make internet-of-things devices, but a key OS from Google won't work on the hardware. Google's Android Things IoT OS will not work with the small developer board, which is partly a wireless board, partly a gadget development tool. The Zero W is priced at US$10. The Zero W has a 1GHz single-core BCM2835 processor, which is based on the ARMv6 architecture. Android Things does not support ARMv6, so the OS will not work on the board. The OS is specially tuned to work with specific chipsets. The BCM2835 chip is the same in the original Raspberry Pi developer boards. The lack of support of Android Things on Zero W isn't a major concern for Eben Upton, the founder of Raspberry Pi Foundation. "We're hopeful that in time Google will resuscitate the ARMv6 support in Android to allow Things to run on Zero W," Upton said. Upton likes the low power consumption and small form factor that comes with using BCM2835, especially when compared to the faster Broadcom chips on the newer and faster, but larger, Raspberry Pi 3. The hardware specs, like the 512MB of memory of the Raspberry Pi Zero W, are reasonable for Android Things, but the BCM2835 SoC isn't supported, said Dave Smith, an IoT developer advocate at Google. "This part is a bit of a problem for Android, as the platform doesn't really support that [ARMv6] architecture anymore," Smith said in a post on the Android Things page on the Google IoT Developers Community page on Google+.  Android Things is supported by Raspberry Pi 3 and boards from Intel. The OS is still in preview and has a lot of growth potential with the emergence of IoT devices. No date has been provided for a final version of Android Things, but features like machine-learning are being built into the OS. The OS will eventually support more boards as usage of Android Things expands. Support for ARMv6 has also been pulled from latest Android OS used in mobile devices, considering the architecture is now more than 15 years old. ARM's core architecture is the 64-bit ARMv8, and the chip architecture is still being improved with performance and power-efficiency features. The Pi Zero W competes with other low-cost IoT boards like the $6.99 Orange Pi Zero. The Zero W also competes with popular wireless boards like Particle Photon and ESP32 boards from Espressif Systems.    The Zero W could be picked up by many users as an extension of the main Raspberry Pi 3 board, which has sold in the millions. The Zero W supports Raspbian, a Linux-based OS from Raspberry Pi. To comment on this article and other PCWorld content, visit our Facebook page or our Twitter feed. Related: Internet of Things Processors Android Hardware Raspberry Pi You Might Like Shop Tech Products at Amazon PCWorld PCWorld helps you navigate the PC ecosystem to find the products you want and the advice you need to get the job done. About Us Contact Us Digital Edition Customer Service Gift Subscription Ad Choices Newsletters Privacy Policy RSS Terms of Service Agreement E-commerce Affiliate Relationships PCWorld CATEGORIES Business Laptops Mobile PC Hardware Printers Security Software Videos Windows IDG Network Sites Advertise Careers at IDG Creative Lab IDG Permissions IDG Consumer & SMB Knowledge Hub Macworld TechHive Get PCWorld's Digital Editions Subscribe Now Follow us    Visit other IDG sites: Select One CIO Computerworld CSO Greenbot IDG Connect IDG TechNetwork IDG.tv InfoWorld IT News ITworld JavaWorld Network World PC World TechHive The Industry Standard Copyright © 2017 IDG Communications, Inc.
Close Senate votes to kill privacy rules guarding your online info - Brownsville Herald: Business Subscribe Herald Alerts | Online Edition | Subscribe Welcome to the site! Login or Signup below. Login|Signup Login|My Dashboard|Register Logout|My Dashboard 85° Scattered Clouds Brownsville Herald News Local Valley Texas US & World Business Education SpaceX LNG in the RGV Elections Weather Entertainment El Extra App for Android and iOS The Latest Small-craft advisory issued for Laguna Madre, gulf HARLINGEN — The National Weather Service in Brownsville has issued a small-craft advisory for the Laguna Madre. Posted: March 28 rss Texas News Oklahoma may legalize hog hunting from helicopters 1 Texas death row inmate gets appeal, 2nd inmate rejected Tribes' battle over Dakota Access pipeline not over States push to protect birth control despite failed GOP bill A timeline of the Dakota Access oil pipeline Dallas woman found guilty in 2015 injection death of client Sports H.S. Football H.S. Baseball H.S. Basketball H.S. Soccer H.S. Track H.S. Volleyball H.S. Sports Local Sports National Sports RGVSports.com South Texas Outdoors UTRGV Athletic Survey The Latest Nationals: Trump declined invite for opening day 1st pitch AP New! WASHINGTON (AP) — The Washington Nationals say President Donald Trump has declined an invitation to throw out the ceremonial first pitch before their game on opening day. Updated: 2:45 pm Sports, Professional Baseball, Baseball More From The Latest NFL players push lawmakers on criminal justice reform Florida coach sorry after shoving Auburn player after game Star gymnasts testify at Congress about sex-abuse scandal Harry Giles leaves Duke after 1 year to enter NBA draft Obituaries Life Tu Salud Autism Puzzles Comics Kingdom Community Community Calendar Business Directory Church Directory Health Directory NIE Opinion Letters to the Editor Editorials Customer Service Subscribe MyBrownsvilleHerald.com Activate Account Start/Stop Delivery Pay Your Bill Complaints Contact Us About Us Home Delivery Legal Notices Classifieds Jobs Autos Homes Service Directory Careers Don't Miss: MyBrownsvilleHerald.com Community Calendar Celebrating the Port of Brownsville Home News Business Senate votes to kill privacy rules guarding your online info Story Comments Print Create a hardcopy of this page Font Size: Default font size Larger font size Previous Next Mark Lennihan Senate votes to kill privacy rules guarding your online info In this photo taken Jan. 11, 2011, the Verizon logo is displayed in New York. The Republican-led Senate moved Thursday, March 23, 2017, to undo Obama-era regulations that would have forced internet service providers like Comcast and Verizon to ask customers’ permission before they could use or sell much of their personal information. (AP Photo/Mark Lennihan) Posted: Thursday, March 23, 2017 6:02 pm | Updated: 6:30 pm, Thu Mar 23, 2017. Senate votes to kill privacy rules guarding your online info Associated Press | NEW YORK (AP) — The Senate voted to kill Obama-era online privacy regulations , a first step toward allowing internet providers such as Comcast, AT&T and Verizon to sell your browsing habits and other personal information as they expand their own online ad businesses. Those rules, not yet in effect, would have required internet providers to ask your permission before sharing your personal information. That's a much stronger privacy-protection weapon than letting them use your data until you tell them to stop. As anyone who has ever tried to stop getting targeted ads on the internet knows, opting out is hard. Without those protections, consumer advocates fear that broadband providers will be able to do what they like with people's data. "Advertisers and marketers are lining up to get access to all the information that's now available about us," said Jeff Chester of the Center for Digital Democracy, which advocates for tougher internet privacy measures. ONLINE PRIVACY? WHAT ONLINE PRIVACY? Of course, Google and Facebook already track you. But proponents of the privacy measure argued that the company that sells you your internet connection can see even more about you: every website you visit, every app that sends or receives data, everyone you email and many that you message. Telecom companies argue that companies like Google know far more about users than they do. Consumer advocates also point out that it can be hard, in many areas of the country, to dump your cable or phone company for another one if you don't like its practices. Of course, it's also hard to stop using Google or Facebook. Undoing the Federal Communications Commission's regulation leaves people's online information in a murky area. Today, you can tell a broadband provider not to use your data. Experts say federal law still requires broadband providers to protect customer information — but it doesn't spell out how or what companies must do. That's what the now endangered rules from the Federal Communications Commission aimed to do. "There's kind of a void," said Perkins Coie telecom attorney Marc Martin. BUIDLING DIGITAL-AD BUSINESSESES Cable companies, cellphone carriers and the advertising industry attacked the FCC rules as an overreach. Having to get permission from customers to use their browsing and app histories would likely make it more difficult to build stronger ad businesses, as telecomcompanies want to do. Internet companies like Google operate under laxer requirements and don't have to ask users' permission before tracking what sites they visit. Republicans and industry groups have blasted that discrepancy, saying it was unfair and confusing for consumers. REGULATORY TUSSLE If the just-passed measure also clears the House and is signed by President Donald Trump, no future FCC could pass the broadband privacy rules again without further change to U.S. law. The Trump-appointed chairman of the FCC, Ajit Pai, is a critic of the broadband privacy rules and has said he wants to roll them back , along with other Obama-era policies meant to protect consumers and promote competition. He and other Republicans want a different federal agency, the Federal Trade Commission, to police privacy for both broadband companies like AT&T and internet companies like Google. But broadband providers don't currently fall under FTC jurisdiction, and advocates say the FTC has historically been a weaker agency than the FCC. "At the FCC, consumers are much more protected with strong privacy rules that give (internet service providers) clear rules as to what's fair and what's foul," Dallas Harris, a policy fellow with consumer advocacy group Public Knowledge, said last month. "The FCC is a stronger entity with a bit more teeth to hold ISPs' feet to the fire." ___ Lardner reported from Washington. Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. More about Business Oklahoma may legalize hog hunting from helicopters ARTICLE: Oklahoma may legalize hog hunting from helicopters Elton John to help develop animated 'Technicolor Dreamcoat' ARTICLE: Elton John to help develop animated 'Technicolor Dreamcoat' White House calls for domestic cuts to finance border wall More about Government And Politics Trump tosses Obama's 'clean' energy plan, embraces coal Trump tosses Obama's 'clean' energy plan, embraces coal ARTICLE: Trump tosses Obama's 'clean' energy plan, embraces coal Former Pentagon chief Ash Carter returns to teach at Harvard ARTICLE: Former Pentagon chief Ash Carter returns to teach at Harvard More about Technology Ivanka Trump, Education Secretary DeVos promote STEM careers Ivanka Trump, Education Secretary DeVos promote STEM careers Ivanka Trump, Education Secretary DeVos promote STEM careers ARTICLE: Ivanka Trump, Education Secretary DeVos promote STEM careers ARTICLE: Chinese tech company Tencent acquires 5 percent Tesla stake Discuss Print Posted in Business, Elections on Thursday, March 23, 2017 6:02 pm. Updated: 6:30 pm. | Tags: Business, Government And Politics, Technology, Data Privacy, Technology Issues, Government Regulations, Internet Service Providers, Digital Telecommunications Services, Telecommunications Services, Telecommunications, Broadband Internet, Internet Access, Internet Technology, Computing And Information Technology, Legislature, Electronic Voting, Voting, Elections, Consumer Protection And Advocacy, Consumer Affairs, Online Advertising And Marketing Industry, Advertising And Marketing Industry, Advertising And Public Relations, Media And Entertainment Industry, Information Technology, Consumer Privacy, Social Media, Online Media, Media | Location Tags: United States, North America Custom Search Site Web Follow us on Facebook Today's Edition tab 0 tab 1 Calendar today's events browse submit Online Features Real Estate Tips for choosing an energy-efficient... Brandpoint (BPT) Spring home improvements you can do i... Brandpoint (BPT) The lowdown on low down payment mortgage Brandpoint (BPT) 7 home improvements to tackle before ... Brandpoint (BPT) 4 hot, high-tech upgrades to give you... Brandpoint (BPT) Home sellers: 6 last-minute cleaning ... Brandpoint (BPT) Buying or Refinancing Your Home this ... Thoughtful home design: 4 tips to tra... Brandpoint (BPT) How trending home colors achieve thei... Brandpoint (BPT) Self-employed? Tips to help you navig... Brandpoint (BPT) Pet Central Having a pet is a lot of responsibility, and we’ll help by giving you lots of tips and tricks! More >> Fitness Our fitness articles will help teach you how to work out with gym- and home-based exercises. More >> Crosswords Enjoy the crosswords challenge in our free daily puzzles, from the harder Sunday crossword to the quicker daily. More >> Sudoku Every Sudoku has a unique solution that can be reached logically. Enter numbers into the blank spaces so that each row, column and 3x3 box contains the numbers 1 to 9. More >> tab 0 tab 1 tab 2 Homes In Edinburg New Home, 1 Bedroom Good Location Ideal for Updated: 5:00 am Se Renta local 850 pies area de San Juan, atras Updated: 5:00 am WAREHOUSES FOR RENT Updated: 5:00 am More Homes Cars 2006 Suzuki Blvd C50 Motorcycle (black) 2900 miles $2850, clean $2,850 Updated: 5:00 am `15 Jeep Wrangler, 4 Dr., RUBICION ED. low miles, exc. $37,988 Updated: 5:00 am 2015 HONDA CR-V . $21,988 Updated: 5:00 am More Cars Calendar today's events browse submit Friends2Follow Today's Edition Online Features Online Features Real Estate Tips for choosing an energy-efficient... Brandpoint (BPT) Spring home improvements you can do i... Brandpoint (BPT) The lowdown on low down payment mortgage Brandpoint (BPT) 7 home improvements to tackle before ... Brandpoint (BPT) 4 hot, high-tech upgrades to give you... Brandpoint (BPT) Home sellers: 6 last-minute cleaning ... Brandpoint (BPT) Buying or Refinancing Your Home this ... Thoughtful home design: 4 tips to tra... Brandpoint (BPT) How trending home colors achieve thei... Brandpoint (BPT) Self-employed? Tips to help you navig... Brandpoint (BPT) Pet Central Having a pet is a lot of responsibility, and we’ll help by giving you lots of tips and tricks! More >> Fitness Our fitness articles will help teach you how to work out with gym- and home-based exercises. More >> Crosswords Enjoy the crosswords challenge in our free daily puzzles, from the harder Sunday crossword to the quicker daily. More >> Sudoku Every Sudoku has a unique solution that can be reached logically. Enter numbers into the blank spaces so that each row, column and 3x3 box contains the numbers 1 to 9. More >> Ads by Google Site Web Custom Search Advertising Advertising Place an Ad Co-op Advertising Commercial Print National Advertising Archives Archives Story Archives Obituaries Archives Subscriber Services Subscriber Services Subscribe Services Online Services Online Services RSS Feeds WebSites WebSites ElNuevoHeraldo.com RGVSports.com Copyright © 2016 The contents of this website may not be reproduced without written permission from The Brownsville Herald. All rights reserved. 1135 E. Van Buren St, Brownsville, TX 78520 | (956) 542-4301 Careers | Autos | Homes | Jobs | Classifieds AIM Media TX LLC © Copyright 2017, Brownsville Herald, Brownsville, TX. Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com. [Terms of Use | Privacy Policy] Login Now Need an account? Create one now.
CPUs GRAPHICS MOTHERBOARDS CASES & POWER STORAGE MOBILE GAMING FORUMS JOBS MORE... NEWS BREADBOX PODCASTS BLOGS SYSTEMS MULTIMEDIA MISCELLANY ARCHIVE ABOUT US Customize The Tech Report... Apply Cancel Log in | Register Most commented stories • The Tech Report System Guide: March 2017 edition [116] • Dell UltraSharp 32 8K embarrasses 4K monitors [90] • Intel gives hard drives a boost with Optane Memory [63] • Starcraft Remastered constructs higher-fidelity pylons [49] Hot forum threads • Ryzen 5 - Your Choice? • Windows 10 and Ryzen - Performance Bug • Formula One 2017 • Need media bookcase/shelf suggestions Google delivers a standing O of an Android preview for devs by Wayne Manion  10:30 AM on March 22, 2017 Last year's Android 7.0 Nougat release is only running on less than 3% of internet-connected Android devices, but Google is already charging forward with the next release, currently called Android O. The developer preview of the new version is available now. In a similar vein to Chrome 57, Android O is focused on extending battery life and throttling background tasks. Android's ever-evolving notification system is getting improvements and will now group notification content into app-defined categories called channels. To keep background tasks in check, Android O will impose limitations on implicit broadcasts, background services, and location updates in order to make it easier for developers to write apps with reduced impact on battery life. Google says the policy changes on background limits represent a "significant change" and that it "want(s) every developer to get familiar with them," which sounds to us like a heads-up indicating that the changes may break some applications. The latest round of changes to the notification system offers apps the ability for apps to create what Google calls channels. The change should allow users more fine-grained control over each type of notification originating from an app. Google says the new system will allow users to "block or change the behavior of each channel individually," instead of just enabling or disabling the entirety of an app's notifications. Android O will arrive with improved support for both new and existing hardware. Wide-gamut displays will be supported, as will the higher-quality Bluetooth LDAC audio codec. As for existing hardware, the musty old keyboard-and-mouse interfaces are getting some attention to make the Android app experience a bit more satisfying for users of Android apps on Chrome OS devices. The new release includes a number of smaller updates like a new Autofill API, updated application windowing features, and adaptive icons. Google's Android Developers blog has a more detailed rundown here. The search giant is planning a deeper release of information at Google I/O in mid-May, but developers can download the preview version and get started updating their apps right away. Tags: Mobile computing Operating systems Log in | Register Tip: You can use the A/Z keys to walk threads. View options x Subscriber options: E-mail me when people reply to my comments Comment sorting order: Threaded, dynamic (default)New replies push comment threads to the top. Threaded, chronologicalComment threads started first appear at the top. Threaded, reverse-chronologicalComment threads started last appear at the top. Flat, chronologicalNo threading. Oldest comments shown first, bulletin-board style. Flat, reverse-chronologicalNo threading. Newest comments shown first. Processing... Saved! Loading... Support TR! Subscribe now. Read TR's System Guide powered by Newegg LATEST STUFF Samsung plans to refurbish and resell Galaxy Note 7 handsets 0 Respect Your Cat Day Shortbread 3 Razer Blade Pro swims in the deep end of Kaby Lake 3 AIDA64 version 5.90 supports Ryzen and Apollo Lake 4 MSI spills the beans on its cadre of custom GTX 1080 Ti cards 2 MSI Trident 3 Arctic stuffs a GTX 1070 in a 5L package 19 Gigabyte shows off a trio of GeForce GTX 1080 Tis 12 iOS 10.3 arrives with APFS support in tow 14 MakeVR and Vive Tracker get HTC Vive ready for work and play 1 More stuff » TOP COMMENTS chuckula They were going to launch a G-sync version but trying to represent the price induced an overflow error in their storefront software. +32 Ninjitsu Anonymous sources say Apple wants to evolve with AR So a literal reality distort... +26 Bauxite Isn't this like the fourth attempt at caching to somehow sell extremely small de... +22 derFunkenstein Yes, these boards will probably run around $70 and they're "just enough". The $1... +22 NEW GALLERY ITEMS More pictures » Copyright ©1999-2017 The Tech Report. All rights reserved. About us | Privacy policy | Mailing list | Mobile
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports Balancing Priorities CNBC Disruptor 50 Iconic Tour CNBC Upstart 25 SXSW Tech Transformers Trader Talk Future Opportunities Retail Report Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × × Tech Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Cybersecurity Tech Guide Alphabet Chairman Eric Schmidt: We 'can't guarantee' ads won't appear next to offensive content Anita Balakrishnan | @MsABalakrishnan Thursday, 23 Mar 2017 | 2:08 PM ETCNBC.com SHARES David Paul Morris | Bloomberg | Getty Images Eric Schmidt, chairman of Alphabet Inc. Google may not be able to guarantee advertisements won't appear next to offensive content, but it is working on a solution that "can get pretty close," according to Alphabet's executive chairman Eric Schmidt talking to FOX Business on Thursday. Google has faced fallout on Wall Street this week as advertisers put pronounced pressure on the company's policies. Google is one of the top platforms for digital advertisers, accounting for about 40 percent of all online ad budgets, and 13 percent of display ad budgets, according to eMarketer. Google's YouTube video site ran ads for major brands next to neo-Nazi and jihadist videos, according to The Times of London. Companies like AT&T and Johnson & Johnson have since suspended some digital advertising, and some analysts said the outcry could be a concern for the company's outlook. Schmidt was asked whether he can ensure that the algorithm doesn't make the same mistake again. "We can't guarantee it, but we can get pretty close," he said. Google has increased the time it takes to manually review ad matching and violations of Google's terms of service, Schmidt said. Hopefully, Google can build products that can move extreme content down in the rankings in a way that's better than what social media does, Schmidt said. "We're very good at detecting what's the most relevant and what's the least relevant. It should be possible for computers to detect malicious, misleading and incorrect information and essentially have you not see it. We're not arguing for censorship, we're arguing just take it off the page, put it somewhere else...make it harder to find," Schmidt said, adding: "I think we're going to be ok." Schmidt also appeared on "CBS This Morning," where he discussed the new presidential administration. He said that it was "literally crazy" to not allow talented people to come to America, just because they are foreign. "It is insane to allow people to stay in other countries who want to come to our country to create companies, and to create new jobs, create wealth, and power our economy," Schmidt said. Anita BalakrishnanNews Associate Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change GOOGL --- Binge 'Walking Dead' a megahit, thanks in part to white-knuckled binge-watchers By: Marc Gilbert, senior producer, CNBC Walking Dead producer: The phenomenon is no accident    Walking Dead producer: The show isn’t about zombies    Terminator writer sounds alarm on AI    Walking Dead producer: VR makes me nauseous   
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports Balancing Priorities CNBC Disruptor 50 Iconic Tour CNBC Upstart 25 SXSW Tech Transformers Trader Talk Future Opportunities Retail Report Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × × Tech Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Cybersecurity Tech Guide Google's 'going to be just fine' despite ad controversy, said Vox CEO Harriet Taylor | @Harri8t Thursday, 23 Mar 2017 | 2:34 PM ETCNBC.com SHARES show chapters Vox Media CEO: Google is going to be just fine    Thursday, 23 Mar 2017 | 1:35 PM ET | 01:56 Alphabet's had a tough week, with a number of agencies pulling advertisements from the platform due to fears about what content their ads could be placed next to. But don't worry about Google or YouTube, said Vox Media CEO Jim Bankoff on CNBC's "Power Lunch." "Google's going to be just fine and YouTube is enormously popular," said Bankoff. Still, advertisers are more closely scrutinizing the content their ads are appearing next to, Bankoff told CNBC. This week AT&T, Verizon and Johnson & Johnson — some the biggest advertisers in the U.S. — were among a number of companies that pulled hundreds of millions of dollars from Google and YouTube, amid concerns their brands appeared alongside offensive content promoting terrorism and hate. So far, Wall Street seems to agree with Bankoff. RBC Capital Markets analyst Mark Mahaney noted Thursday that the firm would not change its current estimates for the company's ad revenue. Facebook would be the likely beneficiary if there was a drop in interest in YouTube ads, wrote Mahaney. A recent RBC/AdAge survey showed just how strong advertiser interest in social, mobile and video ads has been, he wrote. An estimated 20 percent of digital ad dollars are wasted on ads that are either never seen or do not properly load, said Bankoff. This issue, known as ad fraud, is another concern for advertisers. David Paul Morris | Bloomberg | Getty Images Jim Bankoff — With reporting from CNBC's Stefanie Kratter. Disclosure: CNBC parent NBCUniversal is an investor in Vox Media. Harriet TaylorCNBC Tech Reporter Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change GOOGL --- Binge 'Walking Dead' a megahit, thanks in part to white-knuckled binge-watchers By: Marc Gilbert, senior producer, CNBC Walking Dead producer: The phenomenon is no accident    Walking Dead producer: The show isn’t about zombies    Terminator writer sounds alarm on AI    Walking Dead producer: VR makes me nauseous    To view this site, you need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser, and either the Flash Plugin or an HTML5-Video enabled browser. Download the latest Flash player and try again. Playing Share this video... × Watch Next...
Sections SEO SEM Mobile Local Retail Google Bing Social Home Submit Follow Us Follow SEO SEM Mobile Local Retail Google Bing Social More Submit Follow SUBSCRIBE Search Engine Land Don't Freak Out Google's mobile-first index is (still) months away Not So Exact Google to further dilute exact match in AdWords Events Attend Search Engine Land’s conferences SEO SEM Mobile Local Retail Google Bing Social Home SEO Sign up for weekly recaps of the ever-changing search marketing landscape. Google’s mobile-first index is (still) months away At SMX West, Google's Gary Illyes said the company is still experimenting with its mobile-first index and doesn't have an exact timeline for launch. Matt McGee on March 23, 2017 at 12:14 pm More Don’t freak out. That’s what Google’s Gary Illyes repeated this week — at least three times — to SEOs and webmasters who might be concerned about the upcoming switch to a mobile-first index. “The team behind the mobile-first index wants it to launch this year,” Illyes told our SMX West conference on Wednesday. “We’re still experimenting. We don’t have a timeline. It could be a few months or quarters, but it’s definitely not weeks [away]. Don’t freak out, especially if you have a responsive site.” Illyes first revealed plans to create a separate mobile-first index back in October and said at the time that it was “months away” from becoming reality. Five months later, that’s still the case. The change is prompted by the fact that, since 2015, more than half of all Google searches are happening on mobile devices. When the change happens, Google will use the mobile version of web content as its primary index and rank results based on that mobile content, even for desktop searchers. One of the big challenges in making this switch is that the mobile web has fewer signals for Google to use. “The mobile web has fewer tokens than desktop. Content and links are more scarce,” Illyes said. “Mobile sites don’t have a lot of the metadata that desktop sites have. We’re aiming for a quality-neutral launch. We don’t want users to experience a loss in quality of search results. We need to replace the signals that are missing in the mobile web.” He also explained that Google is working on a new page speed measurement process that’s specific to mobile sites, because using the desktop page speed measurement isn’t relevant. He offered a brief to-do list for SEOs to prepare for the mobile-first index: Make sure your mobile site has the content you want to rank for. Make sure structured data are on your mobile site. Make sure rel-annotations are on your mobile site. Illyes said Google will provide more guidance on the last two points in the future. His most important advice? “Don’t freak out. We’re not weeks away from the mobile-first index. We’re most likely months away.” About The Author Matt McGee Matt McGee is the Editor-In-Chief of Search Engine Land and Marketing Land. His news career includes time spent in TV, radio, and print journalism. After leaving traditional media in the mid-1990s, he began developing and marketing websites and continued to provide consulting services for more than 15 years. His SEO and social media clients ranged from mom-and-pop small businesses to one of the Top 5 online retailers. Matt is a longtime speaker at marketing events around the U.S., including keynote and panelist roles. He can be found on Twitter at @MattMcGee. You can read Matt's disclosures on his personal blog. You can reach Matt via email using our Contact page. Related Topics Channel: SEOGoogle: MobileGoogle: SEOGoogle: Web Search Sponsored We're listening. Have something to say about this article? Share it with us on Facebook, Twitter or our LinkedIn Group. Attend Our Conferences June 13-14, 2017: SMX Advanced October 24-26, 2017: SMX East × Attend SMX - Click Here Learn More About Our SMX Events Gain new strategies and insights at the intersection of marketing, technology, and management. Our next conference will be held: May 9-11, 2017: MarTech San Francisco October 2-4, 2017: MarTech Boston × Attend MarTech - Click Here Learn More About Our MarTech Events Take the MarTech Quiz Think you know martech? Find out by taking this 3-minute quiz. See how you score and share it with friends! Let's Get Started White Papers Guide to Review Response AI: The Next Generation of Marketing Five Best Practices for Preparing In-House IT for Corporate Video Workflows Channel Marketing Transformation: A Tactical Guide to Upgrading Your Channel Marketing Program Relevant Reach See More Whitepapers Webinars The Value of a Happy Customer: Action steps to a great customer experience How to Use Network Data to Turn Bad Inputs into Gold The BI Wish List: 5 Hottest Trends in Advanced Analytics See More Webinars Research Reports Content Marketing Tools B2B Predictive Marketing Analytics Platforms Social Media Management Software Call Analytics Platforms Paid Media Campaign Management Platforms B2B Marketing Automation Platforms See More Research The Periodic Table of Seo Success Sign up for our daily newsletter. Follow Us © 2017 Third Door Media, Inc. All rights reserved.
Sections SEO SEM Mobile Local Retail Google Bing Social Home Submit Follow Us Follow SEO SEM Mobile Local Retail Google Bing Social More Submit Follow SUBSCRIBE Search Engine Land Don't Freak Out Google's mobile-first index is (still) months away Not So Exact Google to further dilute exact match in AdWords Events Attend Search Engine Land’s conferences SEO SEM Mobile Local Retail Google Bing Social Home SEO Sign up for weekly recaps of the ever-changing search marketing landscape. Google: Our search leads won’t let us talk about the Fred update Gary Illyes from Google said the techniques Fred went after specifically are mentioned in their webmaster guidelines. Barry Schwartz on March 23, 2017 at 2:25 pm More Gary Illyes, a webmaster trends analyst at Google, said at SMX West today that the Google search leads have decided not to talk about the Fred update that touched down on March 7, 2017. Google would not confirm this last algorithm update, but this statement about Google not talking about it may be a confirmation by itself. Illyes went on to add that this update targets specific techniques that are well-documented within the Google webmaster guidelines. Unfortunately, he wouldn’t go on to explain which guidelines specifically were targeted by this Fred update. In our own analysis, we said Fred targeted low-value content that focused on revenue generation techniques. This is the closest we got to an official confirmation from a Google representative on the March 7, 2017, Google update named Fred. Postscript: Gary Illyes responded to us on Twitter saying “obviously there was an update.” “Why would we deny that,” he added. About The Author Barry Schwartz Barry Schwartz is Search Engine Land's News Editor and owns RustyBrick, a NY based web consulting firm. He also runs Search Engine Roundtable, a popular search blog on very advanced SEM topics. Barry can be followed on social media at @rustybrick, +BarrySchwartz and Facebook. For more background information on Barry, see his full bio and disclosures, click over here. Related Topics Channel: SEOGoogle: Algorithm UpdatesGoogle: SEO Sponsored We're listening. Have something to say about this article? Share it with us on Facebook, Twitter or our LinkedIn Group. Attend Our Conferences June 13-14, 2017: SMX Advanced October 24-26, 2017: SMX East × Attend SMX - Click Here Learn More About Our SMX Events Gain new strategies and insights at the intersection of marketing, technology, and management. Our next conference will be held: May 9-11, 2017: MarTech San Francisco October 2-4, 2017: MarTech Boston × Attend MarTech - Click Here Learn More About Our MarTech Events Take the MarTech Quiz Think you know martech? Find out by taking this 3-minute quiz. See how you score and share it with friends! Let's Get Started White Papers Guide to Review Response AI: The Next Generation of Marketing Five Best Practices for Preparing In-House IT for Corporate Video Workflows Channel Marketing Transformation: A Tactical Guide to Upgrading Your Channel Marketing Program Relevant Reach See More Whitepapers Webinars The Value of a Happy Customer: Action steps to a great customer experience How to Use Network Data to Turn Bad Inputs into Gold The BI Wish List: 5 Hottest Trends in Advanced Analytics See More Webinars Research Reports Content Marketing Tools B2B Predictive Marketing Analytics Platforms Social Media Management Software Call Analytics Platforms Paid Media Campaign Management Platforms B2B Marketing Automation Platforms See More Research The Periodic Table of Seo Success Sign up for our daily newsletter. Follow Us © 2017 Third Door Media, Inc. All rights reserved.
Slashdot Stories Firehose All Popular Polls Deals Submit Search Slashdot Login or Sign up Topics: Devices Build Entertainment Technology Open Source Science YRO Follow us: RSS Facebook Google+ Twitter Newsletter Want to read Slashdot from your mobile device? Point it at m.slashdot.org and keep reading!   Nickname: Password: Public Terminal Forgot your password? Close binspamdupenotthebestofftopicslownewsdaystalestupid freshfunnyinsightfulinterestingmaybe offtopicflamebaittrollredundantoverrated insightfulinterestinginformativefunnyunderrated descriptive typodupeerror DEAL: For $25 - Add A Second Phone Number To Your Smartphone for life! Use promo code SLASHDOT25. Also, Slashdot's Facebook page has a chat bot now. Message it for stories and more. Check out the new SourceForge HTML5 internet speed test! × 89990295 story Australia Shelves Copyright Safe Harbor For Google, Facebook (torrentfreak.com) 25 Posted by msmash on Thursday March 23, 2017 @01:20PM from the this-changes-many-things dept. In a surprise setback for companies such as Google and Facebook that leverage user-generated content, Australia has dropped plans to extend its copyright safe harbor provisions. From a report: In a blow to Google, Facebook and others, the government dropped the amendments before they were due to be introduced to parliament yesterday. That came as a big surprise, particularly as Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull had given the proposals his seal of approval just last week. "Provisions relating to safe harbor were removed from the bill before its introduction to enable the government to further consider feedback received on this proposal whilst not delaying the passage of other important reforms," Communications Minister Mitch Fifield said in a statement. There can be little doubt that intense lobbying from entertainment industry groups played their part, with a series of articles published in News Corp-owned The Australian piling on the pressure in favor of rightsholders. court australia copyright ← You may like to read: → Studios Flirt With Offering Movies Early in Home for $30 World Reacts To The Worst Mass Shooting In U.S. History The Case Against a Universal Basic Income PayPal Pulls North Carolina Plan After Transgender Bathroom Law The FBI Recommends Not To Indict Hillary Clinton For Email Misconduct Trump's Next Immigration Move To Affect H-1B Visas; Require Tech Companies To Try To Hire Americans First: Bloomberg Senate Votes To Kill FCC's Broadband Privacy Rules Australia Shelves Copyright Safe Harbor For Google, Facebook More | Reply Login Australia Shelves Copyright Safe Harbor For Google, Facebook Post Load All Comments  Full  Abbreviated  Hidden /Sea Score: 5 4 3 2 1 0 -1 More | Reply Login   Nickname: Password: Public Terminal Forgot your password? Close Close Search 25 Comments Log In/Create an Account Comments Filter: All Insightful Informative Interesting Funny The Fine Print: The following comments are owned by whoever posted them. We are not responsible for them in any way. Google should just block Australia (Score:5, Insightful) by iCEBaLM ( 34905 ) writes: <icebalm.icebalm@com> on Thursday March 23, 2017 @01:24PM (#54096607) At this point Google search is so entrenched all they would have to do is block all of Australia from accessing it and the internet immediately becomes useless in Australia. Reply to This Share twitter facebook linkedin Flag as Inappropriate Re:Google should just block Australia (Score:5, Interesting) by bluefoxlucid ( 723572 ) writes: on Thursday March 23, 2017 @01:38PM (#54096707) Journal The fun part comes when Google starts obeying all the little wishlist things and so rightsholders's stuff stops getting as much visibility, thus sales. Copyright is valid. Making a car requires an enormous capital investment for equipment, plus a ton of labor per-vehicle; the engineering expense to design that car is millions of dollars, and the production of that car is enormous. The Chevrolet Volt sold 21,000 units in 2012 and 25,000 in 2013, at MSRPs around $40,000; that's $840 million and $1,000 million. At below 20% gross profit margins, that's over $672 million and $800 million of production costs. By contrast, making music requires large amounts of labor to compose, perform, record, and master; making copies of music requires pennies per thousand copies and a capital start-up cost of a $400 PC you probably already own. Given the above, copyright obviously requires protection. The impact of partial copyright compromise is non-obvious even to many marketing executives: illegal things like playing your radio loud enough for others to hear in public cause people to buy your song, even though these things also compromise your ability to charge money for performance in that context. Focusing too hard on protection of rights will lead to loss of the benefits conferred by those rights, just as if you protected the right to remain silent by prosecuting anyone who speaks without first raising his hand. (By "rights" I of course mean "protections provided by laws which may be changed to expand, diminish, or extinguish their scope after appropriate legal process".) Reply to This Parent Share twitter facebook linkedin Flag as Inappropriate Re: (Score:3) by deck ( 201035 ) writes: (Sarcasm) I think the copyright holders of the world need to lobby to have all people wear a system whereby they can ascertain what an individual has heard or seen and send them and the source a bill for hearing or seeing the copyrighted work. I think that all music, all sounds, all books, all poems, and all physical items should be put under eternal copyright by someone (in the entertainment or publishing industry) so that even seeing a country side scene can put a person in jeopardy of copyright infringe 2 replies beneath your current threshold. Re: (Score:3, Interesting) by Anonymous Coward writes: I've lost count, but over the years I've seen many people make exactly that argument toward various other countries. If I remember correctly, Google should have blocked: - The UK, because they demanded porn and piracy filters - Most of the EU (definitely France, Germany and Belgium), because they DARED to ask Google to pay their taxes... and also because of porn and piracy filters - Russia, again, porn filters (notice the pattern) - Turkey, because they demanded Google to block everything nasty (mostly porn) - C 1 reply beneath your current threshold. Re: (Score:2) by sg_oneill ( 159032 ) writes: Google has put up with worse I'm afraid. Unfortunately the real power here lies with Rupert "Fucking" Murdoch. Much to the chargrin of News Corps minority shareholders, the Australian newspaper doesn't make a profit and serves as nothing more than a funnel to inject the sort of bad ideas that have turned american politics into the garbage fire it is, into australian politics too. And if he doesn't like it, the conservatives will bow, and do as the master commands. I wish the old vampire would just have a coro Re: (Score:2) by Falconhell ( 1289630 ) writes: Yeh the OZ is just a joke, a place where geriatric right wing nut jobs feel comfortable. Re: (Score:2) by rtb61 ( 674572 ) writes: So what exactly are those idiots proposing at News Corpse, do what we will say, or we will, what exactly, get every one to vote Labour when Labour already are at war with News Corpse. Reality is Malcolm Turnbull can pretty much tell News Corpse to go fuck itself because News Corpse has now where else to go. The whole thing is laughable. So do not do it or else we will attack you an then what the opposition will do it anyhow and laugh whilst they are doing it. It's like the empty threat of the year. For goog 1 reply beneath your current threshold. Re: (Score:2) by spire3661 ( 1038968 ) writes: I think you mean the web. The Internet without the web is still supremely useful. 1 reply beneath your current threshold. Google is not a monopoly (Score:1) by mad7777 ( 946676 ) writes: I've been using other search engines, and the results are pretty much just as good. I'm sure the good people at Google are well aware that they need to watch their back. Re:Google is assumed to be a unversal good... (Score:2) by davecb ( 6526 ) writes: If Google.au is removed, it's quite true that no-one will notice. If, on the other hand, Google stops indexing businesses in Australia, then no-one will notice... except the businesses in Australia, notably newspapers, who really want to be indexed. Who needs who more? (Score:2) by frank_adrian314159 ( 469671 ) writes: I'd have Google and Facebook block users from Aussie-land with a simple page saying, "Due to actions of the Australian government, we are no longer offering service to users from your country. Contact your govermental representatives to comment." I'd give the issue about five days to be cleared. PMs support garenteed its death (Score:2) by Wizarth ( 785742 ) writes: Our PM is so useless, that him publically supporting it was probably what killed it. The opposition would oppose it on principle, and the factions inside his party would oppose anything he does that they haven't told him explicitly to do. 8 replies beneath your current threshold. There may be more comments in this discussion. Without JavaScript enabled, you might want to turn on Classic Discussion System in your preferences instead. Related Links Top of the: day, week, month. 1718 commentsWorld Reacts To The Worst Mass Shooting In U.S. History 1145 commentsThe Case Against a Universal Basic Income 1095 commentsPayPal Pulls North Carolina Plan After Transgender Bathroom Law 1010 commentsThe FBI Recommends Not To Indict Hillary Clinton For Email Misconduct 834 commentsTrump's Next Immigration Move To Affect H-1B Visas; Require Tech Companies To Try To Hire Americans First: Bloomberg next Senate Votes To Kill FCC's Broadband Privacy Rules 402 comments previous Studios Flirt With Offering Movies Early in Home for $30 128 comments Slashdot Top Deals Slashdot Post Moderate Moderator Help Delete Get more comments 25 of 25 loaded Submit Story FORTUNE'S FUN FACTS TO KNOW AND TELL: A firefly is not a fly, but a beetle. FAQ Story Archive Hall of Fame Advertising Terms Privacy Opt Out Choices About Feedback Mobile View Blog Trademarks property of their respective owners. Comments owned by the poster. Copyright © 2017 SlashdotMedia. All Rights Reserved. Close Close Slashdot Working...
Thanks for checking out our new design, please let us know if you have feedback DCist is a website about Washington, DC View Pretty | Blog Arts & Entertainment Food News Popular Advertising Contact Newsletter RSS Feed Staff Our Cities Chicago London Los Angeles New York City San Francisco Shanghai Toronto Washington DC Howard University Announces Residency Program At Google by Christina Sturdivant in News on Mar 23, 2017 2:00 pm Photo by Brett Bowers Howard University and Google announced today the launch of a residency that will be housed in Silicon Valley. The program, dubbed Howard West, is open to juniors and seniors who are enrolled in the D.C. school's computer science program. For three months, students will take courses at a dedicated workspace on Google’s Mountain View campus and get “a generous stipend” to cover living and other expenses, according to a Howard release. They'll also receive 12 credits toward graduation. Howard and Google already partner through Google in Residence, a program where engineers from the tech company teach at historically black colleges and universities across the country. Through GIR, Google learned “a lot about the hurdles black students face in acquiring full-time work in the tech industry,” Bonita Stewart, Google’s VP of global partnerships and a Howard alum, said in a release from the tech company. “The lack of exposure, access to mentors and role models are critical gaps that Howard West will solve,” she said, adding that “systematic barriers” lead to low engagement, enrollment, and retention of students in computer science programs. She also said Howard West is “a way to create a future that reflects the values of diversity and inclusion” at Google, where currently one percent of tech staffers are black. Howard president Dr. Wayne Frederick said he hopes the program will inspire the entire tech industry to rally “around the importance of diversity in business and the communities they serve,” while producing "hundreds of industry-ready black computer science graduates... with the power to transform the global technology space into a stronger, more accurate reflection of the world around us." Google engineers and Howard professors will teach courses at the Silicon Valley campus. The program kicks off this summer and Google plans to open it up to students at other HBCUs "in the near future," Stewart said. Contact the author of this article or email tips@dcist.com with further questions, comments or tips. twitter facebook reddit print computer science google howard howard university howard west residency tech Other Interesting Stories Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. best of dcist 10 Ways To Get Your Kusama Fix If You Haven't Scored Tickets Ten D.C.-Based Web Series You Should Watch The 15 Local Instagram Accounts You Should Be Following Where to Find D.C.'s Best Gooey, Indulgent Mac and Cheese 10 Of The Best Places To Catch Live Comedy In The D.C. Area   © 2003-2017 Gothamist LLC. All rights reserved. Terms of Use & Privacy Policy.
Search Reviews iPhone Android How To Reviews iPhone How To Auto About Best Best Weight Loss Apps Best iPhone 7 Cases Best Budget Apps Things Apple Watch Can Do Best Alexa Skills Android Galaxy S7 Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Cases Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Deals Best Galaxy S7 Battery Cases Best Galaxy S7 Screen Protectors Best Galaxy S7 Edge Screen Protectors Best Galaxy S7 Edge Cases Deals Best Android Smartphones Under $200 [2017] Best Cheap Android Smartphones [2017] 10 Common Clash of Clans Problems and Fixes Cory Gunther01/30/2017 This guide will go over some common Clash of Clans problems users may face and how to fix them. It’s one of the most popular games on Android and iOS, with good reason. It’s extremely fun and very addicting. However, occasionally users run into problems. Like changing their name, transferring a village or switching to a new device. We get asked a lot of questions about Clash. From transferring the game from an iPhone to an Android tablet, switching phones, connection problems, lost villages and more. There are countless problems that can easily be fixed, or otherwise solved with the help of Clash of Clans support. Read: How to Transfer Clash of Clans to a New Phone Typically users don’t run into actual in-game problems. Instead, most of the questions being asked in forums are about minor things. However, there are still occasional bugs or problems you could face. The first stop for users is the official Clash of Clans support forum. Then continue on for more details and help with some potential Clash of Clans problems. With millions and millions of players on both Android and iOS, this game has its share of problems. The biggest concern for most comes from a lost village. With that said we’ll start with always backing up your Clash of Clans account or village. This can be done with Game Center, or Google+ on both platforms. Among other ways. Additionally, in January of 2017 the developers announced they are ending support for any device running iOS 5 or older. This doesn’t apply to most players, but if it does, learn more details here. Update your device or transfer your village before it’s too late. How to Backup Clash of Clans First things first, gamers should always tie Clash of Clans to either Game Center on iPhone and iPad, or use Google+ and Google Games on Android. This is a crucial step that ties the game to your Apple ID or Gmail. Perfect in case of loss, theft, damage to a device, or other situations. Start by opening Clash of Clans and hitting the settings button, which are three gear-shaped icons in a box near the bottom right. This is the main settings menu. In the middle and bottom is the important stuff. From transferring the game to another device, connecting to Facebook, or tying your game to Google or Apple’s Game Center. Click the bottom middle option and connect to Google Play, or the bottom for Game Center. This ensures you’ll always be able to recover your game. I’ve connected to Google+ with my gmail account. No matter what Android device I have, I can download Clash of Clans, connect to Google, and it will automatically transfer my entire village in seconds. I have the same village on more than one phone, and two different Android tablets. Read: Clash of Clans Update Problems Frustrate Gamers The same goes for Game Center. Simply connect to game center at the bottom of this settings screen, which will instantly connect Clash to that iOS device. With Android users can simply transfer the entire village with Google+, but iOS requires Game Center and using a link code. The bottom left is where you’ll need to click to connect to Game Center This is the first step all users should take, to ensure they’ll never lose a village. If this isn’t done, Supercell might be able to recover a village if you know the email account, name, clan name and other information, but it could take days or weeks to be recovered. How to Transfer Clash of Clans to a New Phone Whether it’s on Android or iOS, the process of transferring the game is rather easy. With iOS and Game Center you’ll need a device linking code. However, you’ll need both devices side by side to enter the code, or write it down. It’s crucial that you follow the first step mentioned above, and sign into Game Center or Google+ on your current device first before trying to transfer the game. Better safe than sorry. Read: How to Fix Clash of Clans Device Not Compatible Error  With Android, transferring your Clash of Clans village to a new device (phone or tablet) couldn’t be easier thanks to Google Play Games, and Google+. Download Clash of Clans on your new smartphone or tablet, go through the tutorial, then follow the steps from the video below. Simply connect and sign into Google+ inside the game and it transfers the data over. The process is slightly different with iOS, and users will need to use Game Center and the “link a device” code button shown at the end of the video, or in the screenshot below. Tap this to get started. With iPhone or iPad you’ll need the old device and the new one, which can be a problem if a device is lost or stolen. If so, contact Supercell for further assistance. On iOS hit settings > Link a device > and tap “this is the OLD DEVICE“. Clash will generate a code for you. Leave this on the screen, write it down, or take a screenshot. Do not lose it. Download Clash of Clans on your new iPhone or iPad, follow the same steps as above, but click “this is the NEW DEVICE” and enter the code. Sign into Game Center, and Clash will transfer to your new iOS device. It’s worth mentioning that if you download Clash on a new device and buy gems, or progress past Town Hall level 4, you can’t transfer your old game data. Meaning you’ll have to uninstall and reinstall the game, then try the transfer. So don’t play at all, and just follow the steps above to transfer an old village. If you try to transfer a village but your Gmail is tied to the wrong one, make a new Google account and re-connect it. Head to settings > accounts > add account > Google and make a new Google account. Then open Clash, and sync your current game to a new Google account. Then try again on your new device, and it should load the right village. Find a Lost Village If you have lost your Clash of Clans account or village by losing a phone, getting it stolen, broke, uninstalling the game or doing a factory data reset and did not have it backed up, only the support team can help you. Start the game, hit settings, and press “Help & Support” to get started. Users can also proceed by contacting Clash of Clans support here. Head to Help & Support, and tap the “Start a conversation” button on the top right. This will connect you with Supercell support, and they can try and track down and find your lost account. Having a unique name makes this easier. The following information will be needed to find a lost village: Name of the lost village Name of the clan the lost village is a part of (to help track it down) Town Hall level of your lost village Last date & time played Player level in village (if available) Provide all the details you possibly can, do not delete the pre-populated information on the lost village page, and Supercell may be able to find and restore your village. If you lost the village on iOS for any reason and didn’t have it backed up to Game center, the same steps as above will be required. Depending on the uniqueness of the name, clan name, and available information Supercell support should be able to find and restore your village. If the Clan name is “Clash of Clans” or something generic, where thousands of others used the same, it may be more difficult. Always have a unique player and clan name. Fix for “Link Error 102” Sometimes users may run into an odd “link error 102” while trying to play or transfer Clash of Clans using the device link code. In order for the link to work often-times both devices need to be connected to the same internet connection. Meaning connect both the old and new device to the same WiFi connection at home, or a public WiFi hotspot like at Starbucks. If one device is a smartphone, and you don’t have WiFi, tether the internet connection in and connect your tablet or the other device to the original, so they’re on the same network, and retry the link code. If this still fails, try another wireless network. Connect both devices to a friends wireless network, a public library, Starbucks, or AT&T WiFi spots around many cities. If this still fails, use the in-game support tab mentioned above and answer all of Supercell’s questions, and a support member may be able to resolve the issue. How to Change Your Name Changing your name in Clash of Clans was nearly impossible until an update to the game back in April of 2015. In April Clash of Clans received an update with tons of new features, as well as the option to change your in-game name once. This can only be done for Town Hall level 5 and above. Read: How to Change Your Name in Clash of Clans While on the regular home area looking at your base, tap the 3-gears shaped button near the bottom right of the screen. Then tap “Settings” and select the “Change Name” button. A box will pop-up instructing the user to change their name, but you will be warned this can only be done once. And one time only. Now that Clash of Clans has this as an option, you can only do it once. So choose wisely. Simply enter the new name you’d like to enjoy during gameplay, and select continue. You’ll be prompted to write it again confirming it’s what you want, then a third confirmation page will make you write CONFIRM in all caps. This is to ensure this is the name you want to use, and users will once again be reminded this is their one and only name change. If for whatever reason you’d like to change it again, you probably can’t, but emailing support with a valid reason the staff may grant users a second chance. This won’t be as easy, but it is possible. Gem Purchase Didn’t Come Through While most in-game purchases for things like gems goes extremely smooth, occasionally Android and iOS users will have problems. Sometimes the Android, Apple, or Supercell servers may respond slowly, return an error, or fail. If this is the case users are recommended to wait a few minutes, check their email to see if it went through. If the purchase was accepted, wait a few minutes and the purchase should show up. Try closing the game and restarting it. And the gems should arrive. Gem hacks typically don’t work, and those with a jailbroken iPhone can sometimes cause other issues. If a purchase isn’t received within 24 hours, contact the Google Play Store or iTunes for a refund. Supercell cannot verify a purchase if it doesn’t clear, so users need to request a refund through the app store. Click here for more details. On Android the process is easier, and if you received an email that you bought gems, the same in-game support tab should usually resolve the issue. Gems Disappeared Gems don’t just disappear in Clash of Clans. The only way for them to be gone, is if they’re used. Meaning buying a shield, a builders hut, boosting, spending gems on gold, elixir or dark elixir, or speeding up building or troop upgrades. If gems are used accidentally by friends, family members, or children, too bad. Supercell cannot or will not refund gems that are accidentally used. However, if a purchase or connection problem caused lost gems, try the step mentioned above, or contact support. Can’t Find A Clan in Search Searching for a Clan in Clash of Clans can be challenging, simply because there are millions of players. Open the game, and hit the blue “i” button by your name near the top left. Then select “search clans“. If you can’t find the clan in search it’s because the name wasn’t original, and too many others used the same name. Make sure you know the clan name, badge design and colors. Even the Clan War level can help you find the right one. How to Play on Android and iPhone Yes, you can play the same Clash of Clans village on both platforms. Playing Clash of Clans on your iPhone, but also want to play it at home on your Samsung Galaxy Tab or Nexus 7? Here’s how: To play the same village on two different devices that aren’t both Android or iPhone, uses the same steps as above. Use the link code instructions above and transfer your iPhone Clash of Clans village to a new device, which can be an Android device. Your village will still be accessible on both devices. Again, always sync to Game Center or Google+ to save progress. Other Clash of Clans Problems Overall there aren’t too many issues in Clash of Clans. It’s one of the most popular, stable, and best games on Android or iOS. While most of the issues users face have been detailed above, if you have any other issues head to the Clash of Clans support forum. If the game isn’t loading try rebooting your phone. If updates are failing try closing the game, closing apps like the App Store or Google Play, re-opening, and trying again. Typically these are all connection issues, not related to Clash itself. Slow load times, searching in matchmaking and other things are often based on connection, base layout, and other variables. If you have any other problems hit the link above and ask someone on the official forums, try the in-game support system, or drop us a comment below. 75 Responses 12/04/2015 Salinajhone Reply 15 my best friend’s step-sister makes $62 every hour on the laptop . She has been without work for 6 months but last month her pay check was $14905 just working on the laptop for a few hours. you can try here…. See More 12/11/2015 vinoth Reply Please help me to update clash of clans 03/13/2016 Diyy Hans Reply Brother install the old veraipn of coc it will return back. Email me ill sendyou the file. 12/11/2015 Oskie 98-01 Reply I cant open my clash of clan latest update but always reloading and close again 03/09/2016 avimann Reply same here dude if u got solution of this prblm then pls tell 03/13/2016 Diyy Hans Reply Email me bro ill send the old version it will return your village 03/18/2016 sithum Reply Sithumaluwiharage@gmail.com 04/23/2016 Ben Reply agroben050@gmail.com 05/18/2016 Magandaquiambao Reply magandaquiambao22@gmail.com Plz send me the old version 03/13/2016 Diyy Hans Reply Brother reply my email diyy.hans@gmail.com email me ill send older version of coc it will return back your accounts. Ill send the file. 12/11/2015 Debbie Reply Its telling me my device is not compatible 01/10/2016 kerrie Reply Try installing aptoide app 12/12/2015 Raghunath Reply I can’t donet any troops in war base, When I click for donet the game was automatically exist. Another issue is “Short time Break” this update I don’t like. 12/12/2015 marvin Reply Same to Raghunath automatically exist when I donate troops in war preperation 12/13/2015 Big T Reply Yes I am having same prob. War cc donation button closes out game. 12/14/2015 mehedi Reply Not only me but also all of my clan war members can’t donate troops during preparation day.please solve this problem immediately. My clan name is ” “BD FIGHTER” 12/14/2015 Brad Reply Same problem as above. Not able to donate during war prep, 12/15/2015 rumon Reply i cant donate troops of my clan members war base….how can i or we solve this problem….. 12/17/2015 Jill Reply Cannot donate troops on prep day in clan thecutedoggys! Please fix. Multiple clan members! 12/19/2015 Danny Reply Same here i cannot donate troops in clan castle during preparation. When i click the donate button it will hang for a while then the application will close automatically. This problem occur after the Dec. 10, 2015 update. Please fix this bug. 12/20/2015 Horacio Reply Same thing has above i cant donate in war prep it keeps exiting me out please please fix that 12/21/2015 Terry Reply Found the fix. All you have to do is delete the app and reinstall. Worked for me and my whole clan. Make sure it is linked to your Game Center or google games. If not you will lose your account. 12/21/2015 Ritesh Raut Reply i cant donate troops of my clan members war base….how can i or we solve this problem….. 01/15/2016 john Reply My clash of clans game won’t load just goes to black screen I need help 01/25/2016 Angel Reply Stop using X mod that is the reason u guys cannot donate troops in war bases 01/27/2016 death Reply Had to hard set my tablet got my gmail all back up can even see that it’s still there but now it says my device does not support clash of clans …..I have had it on here sense the first day I bought it so mad 01/28/2016 mastan Reply I can’tupdate my clash help me pplease 02/02/2016 jay r Reply Me to.I can’t update CPC help me plz 02/07/2016 khan samser Reply Please help me clash of clan connection error problem solve 03/06/2016 mark.(SYNIC) Reply My gmail account have two village appear every Tim I’m trying to sing in, I’m using old version of CoC now to open my Th8 village, when I’ll try to sign using latest version of CoC my aTH8 villages has disappear… 03/10/2016 Pushkar srivastav Reply Please join hindu samaj #LU9CJC8Q need some strong townhall 8 and 9 memebERS so please join and help my clan thanks 03/11/2016 Roy Reply Hi guys when I try to login in my account it disappear in just a second I try to reinstall my coc but its the same. I’m using tablet Acer A180!……someone can help please .. 03/12/2016 Ade Ngatsi Reply I cannot login to coc….. (login failed please try later) this occured…. Please help me solve this problem 03/13/2016 Diyy Hans Reply Email me brothers ill send old version of coc and it will return your village i did it just now. diyy.hans@gmail.com 03/14/2016 arnav Reply hey my account is showing that u have to logged to game centre on this device ? 03/19/2016 Oun Ali Naqi Reply I was in town hall 7 when I open the game so my game closes and I came back to home 03/19/2016 APURBO AFRIDI Reply Brother my coc didn’t connected with the Internet connection 04/27/2016 Fahadkhan Reply i cant start clash of clan it sayes connection problam even my data is on i dont understant why did it happen…. Plzz help 03/19/2016 APURBO AFRIDI Reply Please someone help me 03/19/2016 limuel veloso Reply login failed,please try again later(1),this is the problem of my games 05/18/2016 Magandaquiambao Reply Yah same hear,how can we fixed it 03/20/2016 just me Reply Help me I can’t get back my acct I have a new device and my acc was th7 and I just downloaded it when I’m connecting my acct it didn’t work (already have a village?) That one was my problem can anyone can help me in my problem connecting my acc when I’m clicking sign in to already have a villge it just load then nothing happens and google play games don’t appear too help me to fix this 03/21/2016 Gokuldavid Reply Game update but it is not open properly 03/27/2016 Mia Reply I am playing clash for a long time now. My town hall is lvl7 waiting to be upgraded. I linked my village to Facebook. Didn’t link to Game Center. Today I logged into Game Center using a different email. After a while. I opened clash and saw a completely new village. The girl welcomed me like I was a newbie. Then I connected the lvl1 base village to my Facebook and it replaced the old base. I started a convo with help support. Waiting for a reply. Hopefully my base will be restored 04/11/2016 mapram Reply my village is th9.suddently my village is restarting from the begaing th1 so how can i get back my old village,th9 04/22/2016 Dragon Jaguar Reply My coc is not opening on my Samsung phn which used to open earlier suddenly it stopped working . I hv WiFi so no problem of net connection 05/10/2016 Jarjis Tarafdar Reply I can not found any massage option in new clash of clan update apps.Please help me because recently I have lost my village. Please my elder brother and sisters reply me.My email address is “tjarjis@gmail.com” .Thanks 05/18/2016 sumit Reply My game is not opening. Town hall 9 . screen iscoming showing loading. Pls help. From yesterday evening i am facing the problem. I uninstall face book. Should i reinstall the game ? It is not conected with Google id. Kindly help. 05/18/2016 sumit Reply If i uninstall amd reinstall the gam 05/18/2016 Magandaquiambao Reply My clash of clans does not work,it just only log in failed,how can i fix it? 05/24/2016 Empire Reply My clash won’t update. suck in loading screen and can’t even access the game.. 05/24/2016 mubeen rehan Reply i like clash of clans but new opsion i not send message for bluestacks 06/20/2016 nguyenthethien19062003 Reply When i hit the setting button, the game crashes. Fix pls! Anyone? 07/09/2016 zakiraisani Reply awaisraisani26@gmail.com 07/10/2016 Joseph Reply I have changed my village but when someone attacks it is the old one. Why? 07/19/2016 harsh Reply Please any one help me 08/06/2016 Rs ifte Reply My game isn’t responding problem…..please help me…. 09/04/2016 Rahul Reply Please any clan lvl 8 to claim 09/06/2016 Tan kian hiong Reply My account clash of clans on block how I want unlock back? 09/06/2016 Tan kian hiong Reply Pls help me! 09/07/2016 spkaranblogprabhakaran Reply my keypad is not working 10/08/2016 zatin Reply my keyboard is not working and there will be hang while playing coc plz help me any solution for it 10/08/2016 zatin Reply my keyboard is not working and it will get hang while playing coc any solution 01/06/2017 Vaibhav Singh Reply Sir I have done nothing to my village but my village disappeared I can’t see buildings in my villages and search village please solve my problem 02/13/2017 tejas Reply dude i cant see my village ………….everything is there but they aint visible what should i do 02/13/2017 Waseem Riaz Reply My game was running well but a few days ago it was not loading only a black screen comes and nothing loads after it I have uninstalled and again installed but the same issue . Please help me 02/27/2017 Manish Bansal Reply My game was running well but a few days ago it was not loading only a black screen comes and nothing loads after it I have uninstalled and again installed but the same issue . Please help me 03/02/2017 Ashraf Reply I can’t entry into coc as it is showing “Loading….” and after sometimes it’s showing “Connection Lost”. HOW TO OVERCOME THIS PROBLEM GUY’S HELP ME PLEASE….. 03/03/2017 a troubled user Reply I cannot connect to google play it says connected but there shows no achievements 03/03/2017 a troubled user Reply I cannot connect to google play it says connected but there shows no achievements I m a th9 03/07/2017 Shaikh Haris Reply I am not able to save the game on my gmail id..when i click the signin botton in the game ,my google play id opens but it doesn’t saves the game ….pls do reply cuz if by mistake also the game is deleted ill not be able to load it back My TH:7 VILLAGE NAME :HARIS SHAIKH 03/15/2017 kamal Reply Why is my village invisible 03/18/2017 rishi Reply i have 2000 thphy but now i have 1200 03/23/2017 Ryan Reply I have a galaxy s7 and none of the super cell games will open. Not even the splash screen, just black when I try to open. I’ve restarted my phone, turned it off and on (several times), and reinstalled the games. No luck. 03/24/2017 Shayan das Reply I used parallel space to play Coc, my phone was reset after which I cannot load my village again. But my base is visible in the clan. The mail id I used now has a new base assigned to it. Plz help what to do ? Leave a Reply Cancel Reply Your email address will not be published. Comment Name* Email* Website
Email Password Remember me Forgot password?     Log in with Facebook Log in with Twitter Log In news tech & science social media business entertainment life sports     Android Security Report – Malware installs drop by 50 percent Listen | Print By James Walker     Mar 23, 2017 in Technology Google has published its third Android Security Report, detailing the progress it has made in securing its ecosystem and keeping users safe on their devices. Play Store malware distribution has fallen, although the number of affected devices has risen. Much of the progress Google has made in the past year has been driven by its Verify Apps system. Verify Apps is able to intelligently monitor apps you install to make sure they're not infected. The system conducted 750 million checks each day last year, compared with 450 million in the previous year. In total, Google said 0.71 percent of all Android devices had a potentially harmful app (PHA) installed at the end of 2016. This is a significant increase from 0.5 percent in 2015. However, the rise is offset by improvements made in other areas, most notably the reduced installations of malware from Google Play. Android's open nature means users often install apps from sources other than the Play Store. Although there are reputable third-party stores, external downloads are generally less secure than using the tightly moderated Google Play. Google said Play is still the safest place for users to download apps. It made large strides in lowering the number of PHAs available in the store during 2016. The number of trojans acquired via Play Store downloads dropped 51.5 percent to 0.016 percent of installs. Hostile downloaders saw a similar improvement, falling from 54.6 percent to only 0.003 percent of installs. The biggest gains were made against phishing apps, now accounting for just 0.0018 percent of installs after dropping 73.4 percent in a year. Google recognised there's still more work to do before Android's security problems are "solved." It's now in a better place to offer users more protection, owing to the introduction of new technologies that make it easier to spot and eliminate PHAs. Its aim for 2017 is to roll out new tools that will protect users who install apps from outside Google Play and aren't supported by its existing systems. "We appreciate all of the hard work by Android partners, external researchers, and teams at Google that led to the progress the ecosystem has made with security in 2016," said Google. "But it doesn’t stop there. Keeping users safe requires constant vigilance and effort. We’re looking forward to new insights and progress in 2017 and beyond." Google also addressed the issue of Android security updates. Android is still a notoriously fragmented platform and many devices go without updates for months or even years, if they receive them at all. Google claimed that progress is being made, stating that 735 million devices from over 200 manufacturers were regularly updated last year. Google is working with hardware and carrier partners to make sure its monthly security update packages make it to as many users as possible. However, it admitted that only half of the top 50 devices worldwide currently receive updates, indicating a lot more needs to be done to keep users protected. Half of devices in use at the end of 2016 hadn't received any updates during the year, leaving them at risk of attack via known vulnerabilities. You can read the full Android Security Report for 2016 online or watch Google's webinar for all the details. The company pledged to continue providing transparent information on its security activities, making Android a safer place to browse and work. More about Google, Android, Cybersecurity, Smartphones, Mobile   Google Android Cybersecurity Smartphones Mobile security updates Malware Latest News Top News Eastern EU members slam 'blackmail' by Brussels on migrants Madrid woos separatist Catalonia with 4.2 bn-euro investment Trump signs order to roll back Obama climate measures Number of Kenyans going hungry doubles to 3 mn: Red Cross Interview: Barenaked Ladies talk new album, Paramount concert Special IS counter-attacks to defend north Syria town: monitor Interview: Colton Dixon discusses new album 'Identity' and future Special No peace deal in Syria without US role: opposition Couple arrested after trying to sell baby on Craigslist Sewol ferry 'remains' are animal bones: S. Korea ministry Corporate Contact Us About Us Advertise Investors & Partners Help & Support Editorial Guidelines Terms of Use Privacy Policy News Links Latest News Live Events News Alerts GlobeNewswire News Global Press Releases 24-7PressRelease.com copyright © 2017 digitaljournal.com   |   powered by dell servers
Top News Opinion Entertainment Taiwan Living Learn English E-Newsletter App International Edition Wednesday March 29, 2017 About Us Subscribe Advertise Contact Us Business Company Focus Africa Middle East Europe Americas Asia Global Markets CEO Talks AT&T, Verizon join others in a boycott of Google ads AFP  Friday, March 24, 2017, 12:03 am TWN SHARE CLOSE Blogger   Google+ Live Journal   Plurk Stumble Upon     Tweet A- A+ 中文 WASHINGTON -- AT&T and Verizon on Wednesday joined global firms pulling ads from Google, saying they did not want their brands associated with inappropriate content on the internet giant. The moves by the two U.S. telecom giants came despite a pledge by Google this week to offer new tools for companies to avoid placing ads alongside undesirable websites or videos. "We are deeply concerned that our ads may have appeared alongside YouTube content promoting terrorism and hate," an emailed statement from AT&T said, indicating it was removing non-search ads from Google. Verizon said it discovered its ads were appearing on "non-sanctioned websites," and that it takes "careful measures to ensure our brand is not impacted negatively." A Verizon spokeswoman said in an email: "We took immediate action to suspend this type of ad placement and launched an investigation. We are working with all of our digital advertising partners to understand the weak links so we can prevent this from happening in the future." The announcements follow similar actions from the British arm of Havas, one of the world's top advertising agencies, as well as banking giant HSBC, retailer Marks & Spencer, the BBC and the Guardian newspaper group. On Monday, Google apologized for the placement of ads on extremist content and pledged it would address the concerns. "We know advertisers don't want their ads next to content that doesn't align with their values," Google's chief business officer Philipp Schindler said in a blog post. Asked about the latest actions, Google said in a statement to AFP it did not comment on specific customers but noted that "we've begun an extensive review of our advertising policies and have made a public commitment to put in place changes that give brands more control over where their ads appear." PREVIOUS ARTICLE Inflation fears take the shine off of German consumer morale: survey NEXT ARTICLE US suspects N. Korea in US$81 mil. theft Facebook Twitter Google+ Write a Comment Terms Enter your comments - 3000 characters max Type in image code  Receive our promos  Respond to this email Submit MOST POPULAR OF THIS SECTION 1 Now that the US is out, Beijing authorities may be interested in attending TPP talks 2 Reports of TSMC's US plant rattle Taiwan 3 New highs for US stocks; Dow win streak longest since 1987 4 TSMC still considering plans for 3nm chip production 5 Why analysts believed TSMC was looking elsewhere 6 Nintendo Switch console goes on sale across world 7 China trims 2017 growth target, warns against trade controls 8 Invest in Taiwan, President Tsai urges Taiwanese businesses in N. America 9 US gets involved in 'Taiwan's war on Uber': report 10 Wanda ends bid for US producer Subscribe  |   Advertise  |   RSS Feed  |   About Us  |   Career  |   Contact Us Sitemap  |   Top Stories  |   Taiwan  |   China  |   Business  |   Asia  |   World  |   Sports  |   Life  |   Arts & Leisure  |   Health  |   Editorial  |   Commentary Travel  |   Movies  |   TV Listings  |   Classifieds  |   Bookstore  |   Getting Around  |   Weather  |   Guide Post  |   Student Post  |   Terms of Use  |   Sitemap   Copyright © 1999 – 2017 The China Post. Breaking news from Taiwan, China and the world. News X Top Stories Taiwan China Business Asia World Sports Life Health Opinion X Editorial Commentary Entertainment X Movies & TV Arts & Leisure Discover Taiwan Travel Taiwain Living X Dream Catcher Eye On Taiwan Consumer Highlights TV Listings Classifieds Bookstore Supplement Chinese Fables Getting Around Weather Learn English X Guide Post Bilingual News Student Post
Tech Insider BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 Senate Republicans just voted to give internet providers the green light to sell your web-browsing data without your consent Jeff Dunn Mar. 23, 2017, 1:41 PM 62,917 facebook linkedin twitter email print Republican Sen. Jeff Flake of Arizona.Reuters/Henry Romero In a victory for internet service providers like Verizon, Comcast, and AT&T, the US Senate on Thursday voted to kill a set of Obama-era privacy regulations passed by the Federal Communication Commission in October. The most notable part of the rules, which has not taken effect, would require ISPs to get explicit consent before sharing consumers' web-browsing data and other personal information with advertisers. The vote passed 50 to 48 along party lines, with Republicans in favor of the repeal and Democrats against. They were voting on a resolution proposed earlier this month by Republican Sen. Jeff Flake of Arizona and cosponsored by 24 other Republicans that broadly calls for the FCC's privacy rules to "have no force or effect." The resolution was proposed via the Congressional Review Act, a seldom-used law that the GOP is more widely applying to repeal federal regulations they contested late in the Obama administration with a simple majority vote. Republicans have a majority in both chambers of Congress. The resolution will now need to pass in the House of Representatives — where Republican Rep. Marsha Blackburn of Tennessee proposed a similar resolution earlier this month — then be signed by President Donald Trump before going into effect. Because the resolution uses the CRA, the FCC would be outlawed from creating similar privacy regulations if the repeal is signed by Trump. The context The FCC's privacy rules were passed in a party-line vote in October after months of contention between Democrats and Republicans at the agency. The rules were something of a follow-up to the 2015 Open Internet Order, the high-profile regulations that classified the internet as a public utility. That set in place today's net-neutrality rules — which forbid ISPs from blocking, throttling, or prioritizing sites as they see fit — but also left the FCC in charge of ISPs' privacy regulations. The Federal Communications Commission chairman, Ajit Pai, right, and former chairman Tom Wheeler.Getty/Chip Somodevilla The privacy rules apply a range of guidelines to ISPs about how they treat consumer data, but the most notable bit would force them to obtain explicit consent before they're able to share "sensitive" consumer information with advertisers. In other words, ISPs would need you to opt in to their data-collection policies before they're able to take that sensitive data and use it for targeted ads. When people are given that explicit option, they are typically less likely to accept it. That means less potential revenue for ISPs. Much of what the FCC deemed "sensitive" fell in line with looser, pre-net-neutrality privacy guidelines from the Federal Trade Commission — things like financial, health, and geolocation info — but the agency notably added web-browsing and app-usage data to the list.  That specific provision is not scheduled to go into effect until later this December, however. Even under the would-be privacy rules, which now appear doomed, ISPs would not be required to get opt-in consent for other bits of personal information like email addresses. The FCC chairman, Ajit Pai, has strongly opposed the privacy rules, and voted against them as a commissioner last October. Last month he halted one part of the privacy rules that would've broadly required ISPs to "engage in reasonable data security practices." Pai and GOP commissioner Michael O'Rielly have a 2-1 majority at the agency. Reuters/Brian Snyder Pai feels the privacy rules unfairly target ISPs and give internet companies like Google and Facebook the ability to harvest more consumer data and dominate digital advertising. Google and Facebook are by far the two biggest players in the digital ad industry. Websites like Google and Facebook are still regulated by the FTC's looser guidelines and thus are not forced to obtain opt-in consent before they collect and sell your web-browsing and app-usage data. This is partly why you may see ads personalized to your browsing history when you browse the web. ISPs aren't happy about this discrepancy, and they have petitioned the FCC to roll back the rules entirely. Telecom industry groups have said keeping the rules could limit ISPs' ability to provide otherwise free or low-cost services. The wireless-industry trade group CTIA also argued in a note to the FCC last week that web-browsing and app-usage history were not "sensitive" information. The debate comes at a time when ISPs like Verizon are increasingly interested in boosting their digital advertising presence. Even though internet companies are not covered here, they have also opposed the regulations, mainly because they do not want a precedent to be set that may apply to their data-collection policies in the future. Groups representing Google, Facebook, and the like urged Congress to repeal the privacy rules using the CRA this past January. Another shot at the net-neutrality rules Like many issues in Washington, this is a heated debate drawn squarely along party lines. Democrats and consumer-advocacy groups argue that it is fair to apply more stringent privacy rules to ISPs because it is generally more difficult to switch internet providers than it is to use different websites — particularly in rural and low-income areas with fewer choices of ISPs — and because ISPs are more easily capable of seeing everything you do over the internet connections they sell. (Though it's worth noting that behemoths like Google and Facebook are able to reach beyond their own sites.) Reuters They also note that many websites provide free services in exchange for their targeted ads, whereas ISPs still charge relatively high fees for access to internet service. Republicans and other conservatives, however, call the privacy regulations an overreach by a federal agency. "In reality, this is just yet another avenue designed to give the FCC more control over the internet that should be open," David Williams, the president of the right-leaning Taxpayers Protection Alliance, said Tuesday in a statement in favor of the act. Pai ultimately wants to return ISP privacy regulation to the FTC, as was the case prior to the net-neutrality order. Until that's possible, though, he has called for a privacy framework that allows ISPs to be regulated under guidelines similar to those from the FTC, putting them back in line with how internet companies are enforced. "All actors in the online space should be subject to the same rules, enforced by the same agency," Pai and the acting FTC chairwoman, Maureen Ohlhausen, said in a joint statement upon the FCC's data-security stay last month. "Until that happens, however, we will work together on harmonizing the FCC's privacy rules for broadband providers with the FTC's standards for other companies in the digital economy." But if privacy enforcement of ISPs is eventually removed from the FCC, there are doubts over whether the FTC has the authority to regulate ISPs' privacy practices at all. Apart from the restriction on future regulations set by the CRA, an appeals-court decision last year said AT&T was exempt from FTC oversight because it is a "common carrier" — a title that was set for all internet providers through the 2015 net-neutrality order. Pai says that, if the privacy rules are reversed, the FCC will still be able to regulate ISPs' privacy policies using Title II, Section 222 of the Communications Act. Those regulations are less stringent than the Obama-era regulations, however, and do not cover web-browsing or app-usage data. Reuters/Yuri Gripas Title II is the linchpin of the 2015 net-neutrality order, and it is what gives the FCC much of its regulatory power over ISPs. But it is also what Pai and other Republicans most wish to dismantle as part of a larger rollback of the net-neutrality rules. If that happens, as expected, it could further reduce any privacy-related oversight of ISPs. Even if the net-neutrality order is undone, ISPs like Verizon and AT&T would retain "common carrier" status because they offer telephone services. That could create a situation in which no agency has clear regulatory authority over certain ISPs' privacy practices, and thus require further action to expand FTC authority. That may be unlikely with the deregulatory-minded GOP in charge. It'd also make it unclear if internet providers would be forced to give opt-in or opt-out options before selling web-browsing or app-usage data.  Democrats blasted Thursday's vote as taking too much control of personal data out of consumers' hands. "This is yet another repeal without a replace," said Democratic Sen. Brian Schatz of Hawaii, likening the vote to the ongoing healthcare debate. "Let me be clear: This is the single biggest step back in online privacy in many years," he continued. Consumer advocacy groups were similarly opposed. "What I can say with confidence is Congress is handing a gift to the lawyers for the cable and telephone industry to be able to fight back against privacy law enforcement and putting consumers at a disadvantage to have their rights protected," said Ernesto Falcon, legislative counsel at the left-leaning Electronic Frontier Foundation.  A final rollback of the rules appears all but certain at this point, be it through the congressional action here or an eventual FCC move. ISPs, advertisers, and internet companies can breathe a sigh of relief, but privacy advocates can consider it a missed opportunity. SEE ALSO: Trump’s new FCC boss could have a lasting effect on the internet — here’s what to watch out for NOW WATCH: AT&T CEO: Trump is a 'positive development' for our industry Loading video... More: FCC ISPs Privacy Republicans Senate Congressional Review Act Federal Communications Commission Regulations GOP Internet Internet service providers Advertising Online Advertising Net Neutrality facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru Senate Republicans just voted to give internet providers the green light to sell your web-browsing data without your consent Senate Republicans just voted to give internet providers the green light to sell your web-browsing data without your consent In a victory for internet service providers... Recommended For You Disclaimer Featured Craiglist's founder Craig Newmark on overcoming 'my suckage as a manager' More "Idea Factory" » Michael Lewis on how to deal with bosses and control your own career More "Idea Factory" » Tech Insider Emails & Alerts Get the best of Business Insider delivered to your inbox every day. Sign-Up Get the Slide Deck from Henry Blodget's IGNITION Presentation on the Future of Digital     Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2017 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR IT JP
ClickZ ClickZ Intelligence ClickZ Learn ClickZ Live header-ad-slot March 28, 2017 Search Engine Watch Home Industry SEO PPC Analytics Social Local Mobile Video Content Development Reports Toggle navigation Home Industry SEO PPC Analytics Social Local Mobile Video Content Development Reports   >   Industry  >   Biometrics and neuroscience: The future of digital analytics? Biometrics and neuroscience: The future of digital analytics? Industry PPC 23 Mar 17 | Clark Boyd Facebook0 Linkedin86 Google+9 Twitter 95 Image via Niice.co Advertising has always been about emotions. Emotions lead to actions and, as such, influencing emotions is the most effective route to influencing actions. Actions, in turn, become habits, and these habits are the driving force that creates global brands. Marketers have never hesitated to exploit this relationship – in fact you could even argue that it’s the job of a marketer to do so. But we aren’t capable of influencing everything that drives human behavior. In his classic 1895 work on human psychology, The Crowd: A Study of the Popular Mind, Gustave Le Bon wrote: “The greater part of our daily actions are the result of hidden motives which escape our observation.” This holds true today, and it unsettles us as digital marketers. The utopian message that underpins our industry is that everything is measurable, with Google AdWords the gold standard bearer in this regard. Le Bon’s statement is a truism that haunts Facebook, which offers a new form of engagement between consumers and brands, but has been plagued by measurement scandals of late. Google’s great success has always been in that accurate measurement of actions, and the easily calculable positive ROI that CMOs crave. Facebook brings that paradox inherent in the quotes from Le Bon and Bernays back to the fore in our industry, as it simply isn’t sufficient to measure actions alone on Facebook. Google is not immune to these criticisms, either. We have seen this in quite sensationalist terms recently, with Google’s YouTube and Display Network coming under fire for a lack of control on their placements. This is all the more shocking because we feel let down when the realization hits home that, within current technological restraints, perfect targeting and measurement aren’t quite within our grasp. Why have we strayed from campaigns designed to shape emotion? In digital marketing – particularly in search – the truth is that we have never really aimed to shape emotions in our audiences. We understand that emotion is an important driver, but it lends itself more readily to what some dismiss as ‘fluffy metrics’. Therefore, this lies outside the realm of the cold, hard numbers that we take to represent the ineluctable truth of campaign success or failure. This makes sense, placed in context. As a direct response mechanism, search comes into play once the work to shape emotions has already been done. To be successful, we need to make optimal use of those efforts (TV campaigns, for example), or make up for branding shortfalls, to maximize sales. That role is slowly changing, and in fact it must do so, if the same companies who managed Google PPC campaigns are now planning to engage in Facebook, Pinterest or Snapchat advertising. Although all are driven by the auction-based bidding systems that PPC specialists have come to master, the core aspect that will determine the fate of each campaign is an element we have focused on much less in the past: creative assets. To date, we have come to understand what behavior is, but we still don’t understand why consumers take the actions that they do. The challenge of measuring emotion online Leaving aside the ongoing battle between Facebook and Google over data ownership, notably the difficulties in sharing data across their reporting platforms, the fact of the matter is that we will never be comparing apples to apples when we assess these two rivals. Put simply, the most successful Facebook campaigns manage to shape emotions through great creative, and drive actions through intelligent targeting. However, even with that in mind, until it cracks measurement Facebook will not be able to overtake Google as the digital advertiser’s go-to platform. Reliable tracking and measurement are non-negotiable aspects of a digital campaign, no matter how great the possibilities may be for using more aspirational creative messaging. Applying a rational framework to an irrational interaction will inevitably and invariably come up short, but it’s the best we have. Measuring the subconscious is an undeniably complex task, but it is of pressing significance as brand spend slowly permeates its way into digital channels. Just 5% of content attracts 90% of total digital engagement, so clearly we’re getting this wrong so far. In fact, 95% of all content out there is getting single-digit views. That level of inefficiency is unsustainable, so we simply need to get better at understanding our audience. Whoever manages to resolve this paradox could gain access to significant branding budgets, so it should be no surprise that the usual suspects are investing heavily in this area. How are the tech giants approaching this? The approaches taken by Google, Apple and Facebook fall broadly into two camps: biometrics and neuroscience. Progress has been swifter in the former camp, but we should not surmise from these advancements that biometrics alone will provide the answers we seek. Biometrics techniques measure physical characteristics (pupil dilation and facial expressions, for example), while neuroscience is the study of brain functions and patterns of brain activity. Both tasks are Herculean, but the big tech companies are more likely to make notable gains with biometrics in the short-term. Share this article Facebook0 Linkedin86 Google+9 Twitter 95 Related articles How URL hijackers are disrupting banks' PPC campaigns Five most interesting search marketing news stories of the week Is Google's 'Beauty and the Beast' ad the future of paid voice search? Can Google get users on board with "shortcuts in search"? Google and ‘Satisfaction Value’ Google is planning to incorporate biometrics techniques into its search algorithms, which will also be driven by reinforcement learning. SEO by the Sea reported on a very interesting patent last year, which contains this image: This is a crudely-drawn example, and perhaps reflects how far Google still have to go in this field, but it is a mixture of exciting and disconcerting. Google has termed this metric ‘satisfaction value’, and the measurement of facial expressions will no doubt be viewed in some quarters as overly intrusive. Google’s Jeff Dean made the following comments to Fortune magazine, which shed some further light on what is going on here: “It is like in a board game where you can react to how your opponent plays. Eventually after a whole sequence of these actions you get some sort of reward signal. An example of a messier reinforcement learning problem is perhaps trying to use it in what search results should I show. There’s a much broader set of search results I can show in response to different queries, and the reward signal is a little noisy. Like if a user looks at a search result and likes it or doesn’t like it, that’s not that obvious.” It’s not that obvious, but it could be discernible if Google had access to more data and more sophisticated technology in this field. The patent also reveals that Google aims to make use of other biometric parameters, including eye twitching, facial flushing, heart rate, body temperature, and blink rate. As with all such moves, we can expect this to happen incrementally, to the extent that consumers may not even notice these features slowly make their way into their daily lives. Biometric measurement is just phase one, of course. Facial expressions are limited and open to interpretation, so Google and its rivals will be looking for a further level of confirmation before using this as conclusive evidence. Neuroscience may ultimately provide the answers to the eternal questions of what really drives people to take actions, but this field understandably will take longer to arrive at those conclusions. Google is certainly not alone in investing heavily in this area. Just last year, Apple acquired Emotient, a tech company that uses artificial intelligence to infer emotions from facial expressions. The stage has been set and, given Apple and Google’s respective shares of the smartphone market, once the technology has been mastered, its mainstream adoption will occur quickly – maybe even surreptitiously. From emotion to action, from action to habit It is worth considering the vast array of data sources already at our disposal, along with the hardware and software that seek to unite this into one unified view. The average consumer is in possession of products built by exactly the same companies that seek to harness their personal information for commercial gain. If tracking and measurement catch up with these developments, there may come a time in the not-too-distant future when reporting dashboards and planning documents pay heed to metrics that go far beyond estimated CTR and CPM, to assess the anticipated emotional reaction their creative assets will attract. That is an alluring prospect and is one that allow our industry to develop significantly, with the possibilities for click fraud reduced and the rewards for useful content increased. For now, it would be fair to surmise that digital marketers do not refuse to acknowledge the role of emotion in driving actions; it is rather the case that we have made a rod for our own back by insisting on the measurability of everything we do. Until emotion becomes measurable as a contributor towards improved performance, this area may remain an untapped source of creative inspiration. However, with the collective might of Google, Facebook and Apple, fed by the hastening effect fierce competition has on progress, we may soon enter a fascinating and illuminating era for digital marketing. The culmination of this process could ultimately see us deliver on the goal of measuring the motives which have, thus far, escaped our observation. Clark Boyd is VP Strategy at Croud, a global digital performance agency, and a contributor to Search Engine Watch. Want to stay on top of the latest search trends?Get top insights and news from our search experts. Subscribe Related reading Five most interesting search marketing news stories of the week This week, Mobile World Congress confirms that mobile video is massive; Pinterest has launched its new Lens visual discovery tool to the US; and Chinese search giant Baidu has released an AI-powered transcription app. Industry Mobile More News 17 Mar 17 | Rebecca Sentance Test-driving Pinterest Lens: How does Pinterest’s new visual search tool stack up? Lens will be central to the fortunes of Pinterest’s decidedly alternative entry to the digital advertising market, so we've taken a hands-on look at what it is, how it works, and just how effective it is. Industry Mobile SEO 16 Mar 17 | Clark Boyd Four collaboration tools to bring your marketing efforts to a new level The internet has given us the ability to work with people around the world and there are a few powerful tools that offer different types of collaboration to enhance your marketing efforts. Development Industry 15 Mar 17 | Ann Smarty Chrome Extensions: A vehicle for Amazon and Pinterest to compete with Google? As Google’s index goes mobile-first, consumers get to grips with voice search, and technology advances to avail of image identification in our predominantly visual culture, new opportunities are opening up for the competition. Industry PPC 13 Mar 17 | Clark Boyd Tags Analytics | biometrics | PPC Sign up for SEW Daily Daily news and insights about search engine marketing, SEO and paid search. Subscribe Visit us on: rhc-mpu-ad-slot1 Comments rhc-mpu-ad-slot2 Most Popular Say goodbye to Google: 14 alternative search engines Say goodbye to Google with these 14 alternative search engines, covering everything from information, images, videos, facts and stats. Oh and Gifs. Going over to the duck side: a week using DuckDuckGo I’ve heard about DuckDuckGo a few times over the years, mostly as a name uttered in hushed whispers behind closed doors – “You don’t have to use Google. There is another way.” How to write meta descriptions for SEO (with good and bad examples) What is a meta description? How do you write one? Why are meta descriptions important? Do they actually help with search engine optimisation? Can I see some good and bad examples? How to write meta title tags for SEO (with good and bad examples) What is a title tag? How do you write one? Why are title tags important? Do they actually help with search engine optimisation? Want to stay on top of the latest search trends?Get top insights and news from our search experts. Subscribe Click here to advertise with us Powered By ClickZ Group Limited All rights reserved 1 Hammersmith Broadway London, W6 9DL chris.williams@contentive.com sam.lawson@clickz.com CATEGORIES Industry SEO PPC Analytics Social Local Mobile Video Content Development Home About SEW Contact SEW Advertise on SEW Site Map Website Terms of Use Copyright & Licensing Privacy policy Cookie & Privacy Policy Friend's email Message  https://searchenginewatch.com/2017/03/23/biometrics-and-neuroscience-the-future-of-digital-analytics/ Send × Want to stay on top of search trends? Get top insights and news from our search expertsDelivered to you daily, straight to your inbox. Subscribe No thanks, I am not interested No thanks. Ask me later please Close
ClickZ ClickZ Intelligence ClickZ Learn ClickZ Live header-ad-slot March 28, 2017 Search Engine Watch Home Industry SEO PPC Analytics Social Local Mobile Video Content Development Reports Toggle navigation Home Industry SEO PPC Analytics Social Local Mobile Video Content Development Reports   >   More News  >   Is Google's 'Beauty and the Beast' ad the future of paid voice search? Is Google’s ‘Beauty and the Beast’ ad the future of paid voice search? More News PPC 23 Mar 17 | Al Roberts Facebook0 Linkedin56 Google+9 Twitter 65 Image by Frederik Hermann, available via CC BY-SA 2.0 Google sparked a small firestorm last week as reports surfaced that its intelligent assistant device Google Home had delivered what appeared to be an unsolicited advertisement to unsuspecting owners. The reports first emerged on Reddit and Twitter, where users who own Google Home devices posted that Google slipped in an ad for Disney’s new Beauty and the Beast movie. As one user explained on Reddit: This morning while I was getting ready for work, I did my usual “Okay Google, good morning”. After information about the time and weather, my google home said something along the lines of “By the way, Beauty and The Beast opens in theaters today. In this version, Belle is the inventor. Sounds more like it to me.” A mixed response from Home owners Not surprisingly, many of the Google Home owners who heard the ad were not pleased. “Why in hell would I ever pay someone else to advertise to me, in the privacy of my own home no less?” one Twitter user asked. “Wow, Google. You were doing so much better than Siri. Then you just threw that all away. Siri may suck right now at many things, but at least I know that Apple will never inject her with ads,” a Redditor wrote. Other comments suggested that some consumers would no longer consider purchasing Google Home based on the presence of advertising. But according to Google, the ad wasn’t an ad. First, a spokesperson told Business Insider, “This isn’t an ad; the beauty in the Assistant is that it invites our partners to be our guest and share their tales.” Later, as video of the ad playing made the rounds, Google followed up with another statement. “This wasn’t intended to be an ad. What’s circulating online was a part of our My Day feature, where after providing helpful information about your day, we sometimes call out timely content. We’re continuing to experiment with new ways to surface unique content for users and we could have done better in this case.” Unfortunately for Google, if it walks and talks like an ad, it’s probably going to be considered… an ad. At least by consumers and the media. Share this article Facebook0 Linkedin56 Google+9 Twitter 65 Related articles How URL hijackers are disrupting banks' PPC campaigns Biometrics and neuroscience: The future of digital analytics? Can Google get users on board with "shortcuts in search"? Five most interesting search marketing news stories of the week The future of monetizing voice search? Of course, Google is one of the most powerful ad companies in the world, so the fact that it experimented with an audio ad on Google Home isn’t exactly surprising. As more and more consumers interact with devices that have intelligent assistants, such as Google Home and Amazon Echo, it’s natural that companies in the digital advertising ecosystem are going to be interested in experimenting with audio ads, which could be a killer app for monetizing these devices. For Google, the interest is potentially necessary. After all, if more and more consumers come to search for information through voice-based intelligent assistants instead of screen-based devices, it could have a negative impact on Google’s other ad products, especially AdWords.   New Beauty & the Beast promo is one way Google could monetize Home. cc: @gsterling @dannysullivan pic.twitter.com/9UlukSocrO — brysonmeunier (@brysonmeunier) March 16, 2017 There has been some speculation in the search industry about whether we might see a transition to a “SERP-less search” as voice search becomes more mainstream. In this eventuality, there has always been the question of what might happen to paid search, and how search engines would monetize the new SERP-less landscape. Well, we may have just found the answer to that question. In spite of Google’s denials that the Beauty and the Beast product placement was an ad, we could be looking at – or listening to – the future of paid voice search.   A version of this article, ‘Has advertising arrived on Google Home?’ originally appeared on our sister site ClickZ. Al Roberts is a staff writer for ClickZ and SEW Want to stay on top of the latest search trends?Get top insights and news from our search experts. Subscribe Related reading Chrome Extensions: A vehicle for Amazon and Pinterest to compete with Google? As Google’s index goes mobile-first, consumers get to grips with voice search, and technology advances to avail of image identification in our predominantly visual culture, new opportunities are opening up for the competition. Industry PPC 13 Mar 17 | Clark Boyd Five most interesting search marketing news stories of the week This week, Google's emoji conquest of the SERP is advancing on AdWords titles, Snapchat influencers may be fleeing the platform for greener pastures, and an unconfirmed ranking update dubbed "Fred" has been shaking up the SERP. Industry More News Social 10 Mar 17 | Rebecca Sentance How to turn off ad tracking in Google, Bing and Yahoo! We all know that our favorite search engines track and collect a lot of data about us in order to personalize the results - and the ads - that they serve us. But that kind of tracking might not always be welcome. PPC 09 Mar 17 | Rebecca Sentance Emoji appear in Google AdWords ads titles Emoji have been spotted in the wild in Google AdWords ads titles, giving rise to speculation that this option may be rolled out globally for all advertisers soon. PPC SEO 07 Mar 17 | Clark Boyd Tags AdWords | Beauty and the Beast | Google Assistant | Google Home | product placement | voice search Sign up for SEW Daily Daily news and insights about search engine marketing, SEO and paid search. Subscribe Visit us on: rhc-mpu-ad-slot1 Comments rhc-mpu-ad-slot2 Most Popular Say goodbye to Google: 14 alternative search engines Say goodbye to Google with these 14 alternative search engines, covering everything from information, images, videos, facts and stats. Oh and Gifs. Going over to the duck side: a week using DuckDuckGo I’ve heard about DuckDuckGo a few times over the years, mostly as a name uttered in hushed whispers behind closed doors – “You don’t have to use Google. There is another way.” How to write meta descriptions for SEO (with good and bad examples) What is a meta description? How do you write one? Why are meta descriptions important? Do they actually help with search engine optimisation? Can I see some good and bad examples? How to write meta title tags for SEO (with good and bad examples) What is a title tag? How do you write one? Why are title tags important? Do they actually help with search engine optimisation? Want to stay on top of the latest search trends?Get top insights and news from our search experts. Subscribe Click here to advertise with us Powered By ClickZ Group Limited All rights reserved 1 Hammersmith Broadway London, W6 9DL chris.williams@contentive.com sam.lawson@clickz.com CATEGORIES Industry SEO PPC Analytics Social Local Mobile Video Content Development Home About SEW Contact SEW Advertise on SEW Site Map Website Terms of Use Copyright & Licensing Privacy policy Cookie & Privacy Policy Friend's email Message  https://searchenginewatch.com/2017/03/23/is-googles-beauty-and-the-beast-ad-the-future-of-paid-voice-search/ Send × Want to stay on top of search trends? Get top insights and news from our search expertsDelivered to you daily, straight to your inbox. Subscribe No thanks, I am not interested No thanks. Ask me later please Close
Don't Miss: How to fix 5 Windows 10 headaches CW@50: Data storage goes from $1M to 2 cents per gig (+video) Newsletters Resources/White Papers Search computerworld Sign In | Register Hi! Here are the latest Insider stories. How to deal with backdoors inserted or left by vendors Read Computerworld’s April digital magazine! How to motivate the modern tech worker 4 high-growth tech fields with top pay More Insider Sign Out Search for Suggestions for you Insider email Cloud Computing All Cloud Computing Cloud Security Cloud Storage Hybrid Cloud Private Cloud Public Cloud Computer Hardware All Computer Hardware Apple Mac Chromebooks Computer Peripherals Computer Processors Solid State Drives Windows PCs Consumerization of IT All Consumerization of IT Bring Your Own Device (BYOD) Home Tech Personal Technology Data Center All Data Center Data Storage Disaster Recovery High-Performance Computing (HPC) Infrastructure Management Sustainable IT Virtualization Emerging Technology All Emerging Technology 3D Printing Artificial Intelligence Car Tech Environment Internet of Things Robotics Space Technology Wearables Enterprise Applications All Enterprise Applications Application Development Big Data Business Intelligence (BI) CRM Collaboration Data Analytics Database Management Desktop Apps Enterprise Architecture Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP) Java Development Open Source Social Business Software as a Service (SaaS) Unified Communications (UC) IT Management All IT Management Digital Transformation H-1B IT Careers IT Industry IT Outsourcing IT Project Management IT Skills & Training Technology Law & Regulation Internet All Internet E-commerce Search Social Media Web Apps Web Browsers Mobile & Wireless All Mobile & Wireless Android Apple iOS Mobile Apps Mobile Device Management Mobile Payments Mobile Security Smartphones Tablets Windows 10 Mobile Wireless Carriers Networking All Networking Network Security Servers Wireless Networking Operating Systems All Operating Systems Chrome OS Linux MacOS Windows 10 Security All Security Application Security Cyberattacks Cybercrime & Hacking Data Privacy Data Security Encryption Endpoint Security Malware & Vulnerabilities Vertical IT All Vertical IT Financial Services IT Government IT Healthcare IT Retail IT Small Enterprise IT All Topics News Features Reviews Blogs Opinions Insider Shark Tank Slideshows Video Digital Magazine Digital Downloads Newsletters Computerworld Events Resources/White Papers × Close Home Mobile & Wireless Android Android Intelligence By JR Raphael, Contributing Editor, Computerworld | Mar 23, 2017 9:05 AM PT About | Not your average Android news -- a diverse mix of advice, insight, and analysis with veteran Android journalist JR Raphael. Try it with margarine for a low-cal treat! Android Intelligence Analysis O my! 5 key takeaways from Google's Android O preview A simple breakdown and some important perspective on what matters the most with Google's first Android O preview. Email a friend To Use commas to separate multiple email addresses From 
		     Privacy Policy Thank you Your message has been sent. Sorry There was an error emailing this page. Credit: pramit_marattha More like this Android O makes my notification wish come true What's the answer to Android's upgrade problem? 30 tasty tips for Android Nougat Video Mingis on Tech: A closer look at the new Moto G5 Plus Android Intelligence Analysis O my! 5 key takeaways from Google's... Android O makes my notification wish... 'Artificial intelligence' has become... 16 months later, YouTube Music is still... What's the answer to Android's upgrade... The ugly truth behind Android's upgrade... One more time: An LTE smartwatch is a... 3 months with Google Home: Fun,... The unlikely company behind Android's... Google desperately needs a simple... Show More Surprise! Just when you thought Android news couldn't possibly get any slower (hi, Bixby!), Google came along and dropped an early preview of Android O right in our laps. Now, I know: You're probably still waiting for last year's Nougat release to arrive on your confounded phone. It's no secret that with the exception of Google's own Pixel and Nexus devices, Android upgrade delivery isn't exactly an urgent affair. It's easy to see why, and the answer is anything but simple. Still, the world keeps a-turnin' -- and even if most people won't touch it til months after its launch, a new major Android release is on the way. It's still early days for Android O, as it's known today (no official name or number yet) -- but it's not too soon to start taking notice. Here's what you (you, you) oughta know about the software right now: 1. Android O has the usual set of under-the-hood improvements -- plus a couple marquee features and some interesting smaller flourishes. With pretty much every new operating system update, you can expect to hear a spiel about how it's gonna make areas like battery life and performance better than ever. Android O is no exception: The first new feature Google's highlighting in O as of now is a new system for background limits that promises to help apps guzzle less power. Beyond that, O adds support for something called notification channels. It's kind of confusing, but in short, it's a way for you to take greater control of how any individual app is allowed to alert you. Apps that support the feature will categorize their notifications into a series of channels. For instance, Facebook could theoretically split its notifications into channels like "Messages," "Likes," and "Feed Activity." You could then block or lower the priority of one of those types of notifications without affecting all of the app's notifications, as you would have to do now. I can't imagine this is something most normal people will mess with, but it could be a nice additional level of control for those who want it -- assuming, of course, any significant number of apps actually puts in the effort to support it. Another marquee addition is the ability to have picture-in-picture video on all devices -- so you could start playing a video in YouTube, for example, and then shrink that video down into a floating window while going about other business. (This feature was actually added into Android with last year's N release but was limited to Android TV devices at the time.) Again, it'll require apps to add support before it'll work in any given instance, but that's kinda the whole point of this developer preview process. And then there's the smattering of little but potentially quite useful additions -- things like: The ability to snooze notifications and set them to come back at a specific later time (huzzah!) A better way for apps to autofill information throughout your device without requiring weird workarounds as they do now (think LastPass and the likes) An "adaptive icon" system that'll let launchers change the shapes and styles of icons on the fly A newly reorganized (yes, again!) system settings setup -- something we'll presumably see on Google's own Nexus and Pixel phones but probably not in too many other places System-level support for optional iOS-style "notification badges" on home screen icons An expanded and more easily accessible native file manager Some new power-user tricks in the System UI Tuner, like the ability to set your own custom shortcuts in the corners of the lock screen and an intriguing new option for tweaking the main system navigation bar It's worth noting that any of these things could change or disappear by the time a final Android O release arrives. This early in the process in particular, pretty much everything is in flux and nothing is guaranteed to stay the same. 2. Making Android work better on laptops seems to be a big focus of the O release. Google's been working on bringing Android and Chrome OS closer together for quite a while now, and a key part of that ongoing "merger" is the ability to run Android apps on Chromebook devices. (Huh -- who woulda thought that'd turn out to be so significant?) While the apps themselves are already there, however, the actual experience remains somewhat awkward -- because, plain and simple, most Android apps weren't designed to run in a laptop-like environment. Android O takes steps to fix that. The software introduces a new model for keyboard navigation within apps -- what Google describes as a "more reliable, predictable" setup for the way things like arrow keys and the tab key will work when you're using apps on a keyboard-packing device. In theory, that should help Android apps feel a bit more native to the Chromebook environment instead of feeling like fish out of water. Android O also allows apps to play nicer with multiple displays -- another scenario that's pretty clearly tailored to the Chrome OS side of the equation. All in all, it's becoming increasingly clear (yet again) that Google's alignment of Chrome OS and Android is more than just a passing fancy. 3. There's almost certainly more to come. If you're thinking, "Wait, this is it?!" -- well, you aren't alone. But remember: This is just the first developer preview in an ongoing process that'll lead up to the final Android O release. What we're seeing now is almost certainly not the full picture of what the software will ultimately have to offer. For one, it's entirely possible and quite likely that Google is holding onto some features for either a later preview version or the final O release. And beyond that, you have to consider that with Android in particular, the OS is only part of the story. Equally consequential will be the numerous accompanying changes to standalone Google apps and services that'll support, supplement, and enhance the foundational changes we're seeing at the OS level. Not least of all in that list is what could be next for Google Assistant. We've heard rumblings that Assistant could be taking a more prominent and system-level role in Android starting with the O release -- and that's something to keep an eye on in the months ahead. 4. Unless you're a developer or a brave enthusiast with a spare device sitting around, this version of Android O probably isn't for you. Speaking of the whole "we aren't finished yet" factor, the current developer preview version of Android O is just that -- a developer preview. And an extremely early one, at that. Google is upfront about the fact that this release is intended for developers only and not for consumer use. It's also not recommended for any sort of device that you depend upon for day-to-day use -- and for good reason: The software in its current state is unfinished, rough around the edges, and ridden with bugs. That's not a knock on Google or its Android development team by any stretch of the imagination; it's simply par for the course when you're dealing with an early preview version of something still months away from its actual ship date. In other words, Android O probably isn't for you -- yet. But that'll change soon. 5. We should see a more stable Android O preview in May and a final release sometime in the third quarter. The next Android O preview release is scheduled to land sometime in May -- around the same time Google's I/O developers' conference will be taking place (probably no small coincidence there). If past years are any indication, that might be when the software becomes stable enough for Google to push it into its more easily accessible and consumer-targeted beta channel. That's when anyone with a compatible device can try it out easily, without the need for any complicated manual installation. The current schedule calls for a third preview release to land around June, a fourth preview around July, and a final release sometime between July and September. So stay tuned, kiddos: This latest round of Android-evolving entertainment is just getting started. (O, yes.) To express your thoughts on Computerworld content, visit Computerworld's Facebook page, LinkedIn page and Twitter stream. Related: Android Smartphones Mobile & Wireless Contributing Editor JR Raphael serves up tasty morsels about the human side of technology. Hungry for more? Visit JRStart.com or join him on Twitter or Google+. Follow 4 high-growth tech fields with top pay Android Intelligence Analysis Previous Next Currently reading O my! 5 key takeaways from Google's Android O preview Android O makes my notification wish come true 'Artificial intelligence' has become meaningless marketing... 16 months later, YouTube Music is still a missed opportunity What's the answer to Android's upgrade problem? The ugly truth behind Android's upgrade problem One more time: An LTE smartwatch is a stupid idea 3 months with Google Home: Fun, functional, and frustrating The unlikely company behind Android's most improved app Google desperately needs a simple messaging strategy How Android One could complete Google's grand Android plan No bezels? No thanks Samsung's real Galaxy S8 challenge The real effect Google's Pixel phone is having on Android Android's App Shortcuts are held back by Apple's influence Why my family is ditching Chromecast for Android TV (yes,... What Google Assistant needs is clarity -- and consistency Google Home has a glaring flaw Why Apple-to-Android upgrade comparisons are utterly... Google's Pixel phone should come with a three-year update... Google's Pixel phone is much more than the sum of its parts The elephant in the room with Google Assistant Pixel is the rebirth of Google's unrealized Motorola dream Eero saved my home Wi-Fi setup. Et tu, Google? Andromeda? Making sense of an Android-Chrome OS marriage Google's Allo is a solution in search of a problem Pixel phones and the birth of Bizarro Google Android is slowly sliding back into old bad habits Android 7.0's arrival is anticlimactic -- and that's A-OK Android 7.0, Nougat: The complete FAQ The problem with Google's new Duo video chat app No, 900 million Android devices are not at risk from the... Why most people won't use a smartphone iris scanner (a la... My wife's broken Android phone made me strangely happy The most important thing to consider in your next... Motorola has become the Polaroid of Android Android apps on Chromebooks: Don't expect instant magic Google Now On Tap is bringing Android full circle The real problem with Google's mobile messaging strategy Why Android apps on Chromebooks are a really, really big... Holy hell, the Android-Chrome OS merger is actually... Google's next major Android hurdle What everyone's missing about Google Play and Chrome OS Why HTC may be the next Motorola of Android What one silly app reveals about Google's grand plan for... Behind the scenes: The anatomy of an Android security flaw Why Android users should applaud Apple's small phone revival A wish for Android 'N' notifications Chromecast Audio revisited: 4 months with Google's simple... SwiftKey's sale and the unsustainable state of the mobile... The Android malware monster will never die 3 years with Google Keep: Where it shines and where it... A step back in time: Going back to my 2013 Android phone... You Might Like Shop Tech Products at Amazon What Readers Like China reminds Trump that supercomputing is a race China said it plans to develop a prototype of an exascale supercomputer by the end of this year,... Why you should start using Google Keep right away Say goodbye to the MS-DOS command prompt Newsletters Sign up and receive the latest news, reviews and trends on your favorite technology topics. Get our daily newsletter Go FCC reverses net neutrality ISP transparency rules The U.S. Federal Communications Commission has voted to roll back some net neutrality regulations that... Trump eyes an H-1B visa aimed at ‘best and brightest’ President Donald Trump is considering a new way of distributing the H-1B visa to ensure they go to the... BrandPostsLearn more Sponsored by VMware AirWatch A More Flexible Approach to App Containerization Popular Resources White Paper Bridge the Talent Gaps in Your IT Team White Paper CenturyLink Cloud Application Manager Solution Brief White Paper Choose the Right Hosting Solutions for Global Digital Business Initiatives Video/Webcast Sponsored How an Entire Town Backed Up Over 1.5TBs of Data to the Cloud with Cloudberry Backup on AWS White Paper IDC Report: Matching Workloads to Cloud Platforms: Finding the Optimal Fit Go Top Stories Solar power-related jobs in U.S. grew 25% in 2016 New data from The Solar Foundation’s annual job census show the number of jobs in the U.S. solar-power... Opinion: Internet privacy? Who needs that? Senate Republicans think it’s fine and dandy for your ISP to sell your private data. Experian CIO embraces APIs and microservices to improve data transfer Experian CIO Barry Libenson and his team used APIs to improve data transfer to divisions and customers,... How to protect yourself from ATM crime Banks like Wells Fargo are rolling out much better ATM security. Here's why it won't stop ATM theft. ... Sponsored Links Online Master of Science in Information Systems at Northwestern University INSTANTLY dtSearch® TERABYTES OF FILE+EMAIL+DB+WEB DATA; reviews/evals Use integration, automation, & intelligence to outsmart cybercriminals. It’s hard to be great when your computer isn’t Computerworld The Voice of Business Technology Follow us Cloud Computing Computer Hardware Consumerization of IT Data Center Emerging Technology Enterprise Applications IT Management Internet Mobile & Wireless Networking Operating Systems Security Vertical IT All Topics News Features Reviews Blogs Opinions Insider Shark Tank Slideshows Video Newsletters Computerworld Events Resources/White Papers About Us Contact Privacy Policies Editorial Calendar Editorial Beats Advertising Careers at IDG Site Map Ad Choices E-commerce Affiliate Relationships Copyright © 2017 IDG Communications, Inc. Explore the IDG Network descend CIO Computerworld CSO Greenbot IDC IDG IDG Connect IDG Knowledge Hub IDG TechNetwork IDG.TV IDG Ventures Infoworld IT News ITwhitepapers ITworld JavaWorld LinuxWorld Macworld Network World PC World TechConnect TechHive This ad will close in 20 seconds. Continue to site »
PCMagLogo.2016 Reviews Reviews Android Apps Cameras Cars Desktops Drones Editors' Choice Gaming Headphones Health & Fitness iPad Apps iPhone Apps Keyboards Laptops Mice Monitors Phones Printers Projectors Routers Scanners Security Software Smart Home Software Speakers Storage Tablets TVs Virtual Reality Wearables All Reviews Best Picks Best Picks Best Android Apps Best Antivirus Software Best Cameras Best Desktops Under $500 Best Drones Best Fitness Trackers Best Hard Drives Best iPhone Apps Best iPhone Cases Best Laptops Best Monitors Best Password Managers Best PC Games Best Phones Best Printers Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Cases Best Tablets Best Wireless Routers Editors' Choice All Categories How-To How-To All Categories How to Block a Number on Any Phone How to Build a Computer How to Build Your Smart Home How to Clear Cache How to Connect Your iPhone to Your TV How to Create an Anonymous Email Account How to Create an App How to Edit a PDF How to Get iOS 10 How to Hack Wi-Fi Passwords How to Save Money on Your Cell Phone Plan How to Take a Screenshot How to Set Up and Configure Your Wireless Router How to Use Apple Pay News News All News Fastest ISPS Features Readers' Choice Business Choice Opinions Fastest Mobile Networks Tips Tips All Tips Tips to Speed Up Windows Tips Every Amazon Addict Should Know Android Marshmallow Tips Apple TV Tips Chrome Tips Chromecast Tips Facebook Tips Fitbit Tips Gmail Tips Google Drive Tips Google Search Tips Netflix Binge Watching Tips Roku Tips WiFi Booster Tips Yahoo Mail Tips Business Business All Categories Business Software Index Enterprise Small Business Startup Spotlight Explore Accounting & Taxes Back Best Expense Report Software 2016 Best Online Accounting Services 2016 Best Online Tax Preparation Software 2016 FreshBooks QuickBooks Online Plus TaxACT Online Plus Review TurboTax 2016 Review Antivirus, Safety & Security Back Avast Free Antivirus AVG Avira Best SaaS Endpoint Protection Software 2016 Best Security Suites 2016 Bitdefender Antivirus Plus Review 2016 Free Antivirus Kaspersky Antivirus Kaspersky Internet Security McAfee Symantec Norton Security Premium Review Webroot SecureAnywhere AntiVirus Review 2016 Windows Defender Browsers & Operating Systems Back Chrome Firefox Internet Explorer 11 macOS Sierra Beta Opera Microsoft Edge Tor Browser Windows 10 Business & Office Back Agiloft Review Best Application Performance Management Tools 2016 Best Asset Management Services 2016 Best Contract Management Software 2016 Best CRM Software of 2016 Best Email Marketing Software 2016 Best Help Desk Software 2016 Best HR Software & Management Systems of 2016 Best Idea Management Software 2016 Best Membership Management Software 2016 Best Network Monitoring Software 2016 Best Online Collaboration Software 2016 Best Online Survey Tools 2016 Best Project Management Software of 2016 Best Self-Service Business Intelligence (BI) Tools 2016 Best Social Media Management & Analytics Tools 2016 Best Video Conferencing Services 2016 Campaign Monitor Review What is Cloud Computing? Constant Contact Review Join.Me Review LiquidPlanner Review Microsoft Office 2016 Review Microsoft Office For Mac Review Microsoft Office 365 Review Vivantio Pro Review Wrike Review Zoho Projects Review Cameras & Photo/Video Editing Back Best Action Cameras of 2016 Best Digital Cameras of 2016 Best Photo Scanners 2016 Best Scanners of 2016 Best Video Editing Software for Enthusiasts GoPro Hero 4 Silver Mirrorless Camera Photoshop Elements Underwater Camera Video Editing Software Carriers & Providers Back Boost Mobile Dish Network Metro PCS Safelink Straight Talk Cases & Covers Back Best iPhone 6 Plus Cases Best iPhone SE Cases Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Cases Best All-in-One PCs Best Desktop Computers of 2016 Best Gaming Desktops 2016 Top 10 Desktops Under $500 Desktops Back Best All-in-One PCs Best Desktop Computers of 2016 Best Gaming Desktops 2016 Top 10 Desktops Under $500 Smart Home & Wearables Back Apple Watch Bands Best Smart Home Security Systems 2016 Best Smartwatches 2016 Best Home Security Cameras 2016 Doorbell Camera Fitbit Alta Fitbit Blaze Fitbit Surge Garmin Vivoactive Garmin Vivosmart HR IFTTT Nest Cam Roomba SimpliSafe Trackr DNA Testing Back 23andMe AncestryDNA Drones Back Best Drones Drone Regulations Ebooks Back The Best eReaders of 2016 How to Get Free eBooks Kindle Oasis Kindle Paperwhite Education Back Absorb LMS Review Best Language-Learning Software 2016 Best LMS of 2016 Grovo LMS Review Lynda Udemy Games Back Android Games iPhone Games Nintendo 3DS Games PC Games PS4 Games Xbox One Games Wii U Games Hard Drives, Storage, Networking & Backup Back Amazon Cloud Drive Review Best Cloud Storage & Syncing Best External Hard Drives 2016 Dropbox Review Eero Review IDrive Review Microsoft Onedrive Review Headphones Back Beats Headphones Beats Solo 2 Best Bluetooth Headphones Best Bluetooth Headsets Best Bluetooth Speakers Best Headphones 2016 Best In-Ear Headphones 2016 Best Noise-Canceling Headphones 2016 Bluetooth Headset Reviews Jaybird X2 Powerbeats2 Wireless Keyboards, Mice, Monitors & Speakers Back Best Business Monitors 2016 Best Computer Mice 2016 Best Computer Monitors 2016 Best Computer Speakers 2016 Best Gaming Keyboards of 2016 Best Gaming Monitors 2016 Best Keyboards 2016 Best Wireless Speakers 2016 Bose Soundlink JBL Flip 3 Laptops Back Best Budget Laptops 2016 Best Business Laptops 2016 Best Chromebooks 2016 Best Dell Laptops Best Gaming Laptops of 2016 Best Laptops Best Laptops for College Students Best Laptops Under $500 Best Lenovo Laptops 2016 Dell XPS 13 Dell XPS 15 Printers Back 3D Printer Best Inkjet Printers 2016 Best Laser Printers 2016 Best Wireless Printers 2016 Printers Search & Shopping Back Amazon Prime Cost Amazon Prime Now Amazon Prime Pantry Bing Square Cash App Google Search Tips Google Wallet Shows, Events & Holiday Back Back to School Tech E3 Fathers Day Holiday Gift Guide Tech News Phones Back Asus Zenfone 2 Laser Best Android Phone Best Unlocked Phones Droid Maxx 2 CDMA vs. GSM Huawei Honor 5X HTC Desire 626 Huawei P8 Lite iPhone 6 vs. 6s Nokia Lumia Samsung Galaxy J3 Samsung Galaxy S7 Samsung J7 Samsung S7 Sony Xperia Tablets Back Best Android Tablets 2016 Best Tablets of 2016 Best Windows Tablets iPad iPad Mini 4 Surface Pro TVs & Streaming Media Back Amazon Prime Video Amazon Fire Stick Best Media Streaming Devices of 2016 Best Podcasts Best Projectors 2016 Best TVs of 2016 Chromecast Google Play Music Hulu MP3 Netflix Pandora Radio Playstation Vue Roku 2 Roku Streaming Stick Slacker Radio Spotify Utilities Back Adobe Acrobat Pro Advanced SystemCare Best Password Managers for 2016 Best Tune-Up Utilities 2016 Download YouTube Evernote (Web) Google Image Search Iolo System Mechanic 15.5 Review LastPass Never10 SlimWare Utilities SlimCleaner Plus Review Virtual Reality Back Oculus Rift The Best VR Headset VoIP Back Best VoIP Services 2016 RingCentral Office (for Business) Review Vonage Review VPN Back Best VPN Services 2016 Best Free VPN Hotspot Shield NordVPN Review Private Internet Access Web Hosting Back 1&1 Web Hosting Review Best Cheap Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Managed WordPress Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Shared Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Small Business Web Hosting Services 2016 Best VPS Web Hosting Services for 2016 Bluehost Review Dreamhost Web Hosting Review Hostgator Review Hostwinds Web Hosting Review InMotion Web Hosting Review Coupons Subscribe Subscribe Nav_Assets Facebook Twitter Search Search for Close Arrow_Path PCMagPicks ElonMusk GalaxyNote7Returns AndroidO NetflixTips Menu Subscribe Home/ Reviews/ Consumer Electronics/ Wearables/ Misfit Vapor Runs Android Wear 2.0 Misfit Vapor Runs Android Wear 2.0 By Angela Moscaritolo March 23, 2017 11:44am EST 10 Comments That means the smartwatch will support hundreds of apps, plus loads of other features like customized watch faces, on-board music functionality, and Google Assistant. When we first got a look at the Misfit Vapor smartwatch at CES in January, we gave the device props for its stylish design, but one big question remained: what type of software would it run? Now, we finally have an answer to that question. Misfit on Thursday announced that the $199 Vapor, expected to hit store shelves in late summer, will be powered by Google's latest wearable device operating system, Android Wear 2.0. That means the watch will support hundreds of apps, plus loads of other features like customized watch faces, on-board music functionality, and Google Assistant. "Our partnership means hundreds of your favorite apps will be available at launch, opening up a multitude of possibilities for Android and iPhone users alike," Misfit wrote in a blog post. That includes Foursquare, Google Fit, Google Maps, Google Play Music, Lifesum, Google Messenger, Runkeeper, Runtastic, Strava, Uber, and more. Meanwhile, you'll be able to personalize your watch face with thousands of different styles, depending on what you're wearing and your mood, as well as app shortcuts and info like your next calendar appointment, stock performance, and fitness goals. Thanks to the on-board music functionality, you'll be able to leave your phone at home or in the car, and still listen to music when you're working out. Speaking of working out, the watch will keep track of your calories burned, pace, distance, and heart rate for runs, walks, and bike rides, and all your stats will be compatible with Google Fit. Related The Best Smartwatches of 2017 The Best Smartwatches of 2017 When you need assistance, you'll be able to press a button on the watch and say "Ok Google" to ask about the weather, get directions, set a reminder, turn off your lights, and more. Vapor will work with any phone running Android 4.3 or iOS 9 or higher. It features a 1.39-inch round display inside a stainless steel casing in black or rose gold. It's water resistant to 50 meters and has an accelerometer, altimeter, gyroscope, optical heart rate sensor, GPS, and microphone for your fitness tracking needs. Back to top Previous : Commute by Bike? Check Out Google's $350 Smart Jacket Inside the School That's Designing Your Next Car (and Wearab... Next : By Angela Moscaritolo Reporter Angela has been a PCMag reporter since January 2012. Prior to joining the team, she worked as a reporter for SC Magazine, covering everything related to hackers and computer security. Angela has also written for The Northern Valley Suburbanite in New Jersey, The Dominion Post in West Virginia, and the Uniontown-Herald Standard in Pennsylvania. She is a graduate of West Virginia University's Perely Isaac Reed School of Journalism. More » More Stories by Angela Tinder Arrives on the Web On the down side, the new Web-based version of Tinder isn't available in the US at the moment. More » Facebook App Adds Snapchat Stories Ripoff If imitation really is the sincerest form of flattery, then Snapchat should feel extremely flattered... More » Play 4K Videos on PS4 Pro Media Player App The update will begin rolling out today; once it reaches your system, you'll be able to view any 4K ... More » See More + Comments Login or Register Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus //Most Popular Articles The Best Amazon Alexa Skills Everything Leaving Netflix in April New iPad vs. iPad Pro 9.7-Inch: Apple Tablet Showdown Two-Factor Authentication: Who Has It and How to Set It Up The Coolest Cases, Mounts, and Stands for Amazon Echo 23 Cool Tricks and Secret Gems Inside Facebook Messenger »See More //Discover... Meet the Robots Who Are Scarily Close to Being Human 22 Things You Didn't Know Your Chromecast Could Do 13 Secret Codes That Unlock Hidden Features on Your Phone »See More About Connect Ziff Davis Sites Subscribe Social About Us Site Map Privacy Policy Terms of Use Advertise Accessibility Statement PCMag Digital Edition Newsletters RSS Feeds Encyclopedia Contact Us AskMen Computer Shopper ExtremeTech Geek IGN TechBargains Toolbox Offers.com Speedtest.net PC/Mac Apple iOS Amazon Kindle Google Android Customer Service SOCIAL Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google+ Instagram © 1996-2017 Ziff Davis, LLC. PCMag Digital Group PC, PC Magazine and PC PCMag.com are among the federally registered trademarks of Ziff Davis, LLC and may not be used by third parties without explicit permission. unused
Close Biz & IT Tech Science Policy Cars Gaming & Culture Forums Navigate Videos Features Reviews Ars Approved RSS Feeds Mobile Site About Ars Staff Directory Contact Us Advertise with Ars Reprints Filter by topic Biz & IT Tech Science Policy Cars Gaming & Culture Forums Settings Front page layout Grid List Unified Wide Site theme Black on white White on black Sign in Comment activity Sign up or login to join the discussions! Stay logged in | Having trouble? Sign up to comment and more Sign up Ars Technica UK Risk Assessment — Shielding MAC addresses from stalkers is hard and Android fails miserably at it Only an estimated 6% of Android phones randomize MACs, and they do it poorly. Dan Goodin - Mar 23, 2017 5:17 pm UTC Enlarge Christiaan Colen reader comments 109 Share this story In early 2015, architects of Google's Android mobile operating system introduced a new feature that was intended to curtail the real-time tracking of smartphones as their users traversed retail stores, city streets, and just about anywhere else. A recently published research paper found that the measure remains missing on the vast majority of Android phones and is easily defeated on the relatively small number of devices that do support it. Further ReadingDIY stalker boxes spy on Wi-Fi users cheaply and with maximum creep valueLike all Wi-Fi-enabled devices, smartphones are constantly scanning their surroundings for available access points, and with each probe, they send a MAC—short for media access control—address associated with the handset. Throughout most of the history of Wi-Fi, the free exchange of MAC addresses didn't pose much threat to privacy. That all changed with the advent of mobile computing. Suddenly MAC addresses left a never-ending series of digital footprints that revealed a dizzying array of information about our comings and goings, including what time we left the bar last night, how many times we were there in the past month, the time we leave for work each day, and the route we take to get there. Further ReadingNo, this isn’t a scene from Minority Report. This trash can is stalking youEventually, engineers at Apple and Google realized the potential for abuse and took action. Their solution was to rotate through a sequence of regularly changing pseudo-random addresses when casually probing near-by access points. That way, Wi-Fi devices that logged MAC addresses wouldn't be able to correlate probes to a unique device. Only when a phone actually connected to a Wi-Fi network would it reveal the unique MAC address it was tied to. Apple introduced MAC address randomization in June 2014, with the release of iOS 8. A few months later, Google's Android operating system added experimental support for the measure. Full implementation went live in March 2015 and is currently available in version 5.0 through the current 7.1; those versions account for about two-thirds of the Android user base. Newly published research, however, has found Android's MAC randomization to be largely absent. Of the roughly 960,000 Android devices that were scanned over a two-year period, fewer than 60,000 of them—and very possibly as few as 30,000 of them—randomized their addresses, even when running OS versions that supported the feature. (The researchers know only that they received about 60,000 randomized MAC addresses from Android phones. They presume that in at least some cases, two or more of the randomized addresses belonged to the same phone.) Equally alarming, of the six percent of Android phones the researchers saw providing randomization, virtually all of them periodically sent out probes using their unique MAC address, a flaw that largely rendered the measure useless. The only model researchers found to do randomization correctly was the Cat S60. In sharp contrast, virtually all of the iOS devices observed by the researchers provided robust randomization. False sense of security Travis Mayberry, a professor at the US Naval Academy and one of the authors of the paper, wrote in an e-mail: Our research contains two important results for the average user: 1) it turns out that most Android phones simply do not have this technology enabled, despite the fact that they are running new versions of the operating system that should allow for it and 2) there are many weaknesses in the way randomization is implemented that make it easy to circumvent. This leaves people with a false sense of security because they think this technology is protecting them from tracking when actually it is not. The biggest problem with phones that have randomization enabled is that with the exception of the Cat S60, they regularly reveal their hardware MAC address even when they're not associated with the access point they're communicating with. It's not clear why this happens. In a paper titled "A Study of MAC Address Randomization in Mobile Devices and When it Fails," the researchers wrote: In our lab environment we observed that in addition to periodic global MAC addressed probe requests, we were able to force the transmission of additional such probes for all Android devices. First, anytime the user simply turned on the screen, a set of global probe requests were transmitted. An active user, in effect, renders randomization moot, eliminating the privacy countermeasure all together. Second, if the phone received a call, regardless of whether the user answers the call, global probe requests are transmitted. While it may not always be practical for an attacker to actively stimulate the phone in this manner, it is unfortunate and disconcerting that device activity unrelated to WiFi causes unexpected consequences for user privacy. The researchers said the probes advertising that hardware-connected MAC addresses can be made even when Wi-Fi is turned off, for instance, when Wi-Fi-based location settings are enabled. Even when Android devices aren't showing their global MAC address, the researchers found other ways to identify individual phones. One of the most effective methods is to fingerprint probe requests based on what are known as "information elements" that are included in addition to the randomized MAC address. These elements are used to advertise various attributes of a phone and are generally used to implement extensions and special features to run on top of the standard Wi-Fi protocol. Since every model of phone has unique capabilities, the combination of these tags creates a unique signature that can single out the phone from a group of phones, even when it's using random MAC addresses. Even though the MAC address changes, the tags stay the same. The researchers said they borrowed the fingerprinting technique from an earlier research but also went on to refine it. In their paper, they wrote: We observe that most Android devices use different signatures when randomizing compared to when using a global MAC address. As such, previously described signature-based tracking methods fail to correlate the addresses. Using our decomposition of Android randomization schemes, and the derived knowledge of how distinct bins of devices behave, we properly pair the signatures of probe requests using global and randomized MAC addresses. Only by combining these signatures are we able to accurately and efficiently retrieve the global MAC address. The researchers said the refined fingerprinting technique defeats randomization in 96 percent of Android phones that have the privacy feature implemented. Other ways to defeat Android randomization included what's known as a Karma attack, in which an attacker access point uses the same SSID as one belonging to a Wi-Fi network that a target phone is set up to automatically connect to. Because randomization stops as soon as a device connects to an access point, the attacker is able to obtain the phone's global MAC address. Attackers have long been known to exploit this weakness by giving access points names such as attwifi, xfinitywifi, starbucks that many phones automatically connect to whenever the networks are available. In many cases, the attack is made worse by carriers or manufactures that automatically preconfigure phones to certain access points, the researchers said. Page: 1 2 Next → Dan Goodin Dan is the Security Editor at Ars Technica, which he joined in 2012 after working for The Register, the Associated Press, Bloomberg News, and other publications. Email dan.goodin@arstechnica.com // Twitter @dangoodin001 reader comments 109 Share this story You must login or create an account to comment. ← Previous story Next story → Related Stories Sponsored Stories Powered by Today on Ars RSS Feeds View Mobile Site Visit Ars Technica UK About Us Contact Us Staff Advertise with us Reprints WIRED Media Group Use of this Site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement (effective 1/2/14) and Privacy Policy (effective 1/2/14), and Ars Technica Addendum (effective 5/17/2012). Your California Privacy Rights. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast.
e-Edition Obituaries Special Sections Special Occasions Subscribe Paywall Login Login to Comment Register March 28th, 2017 Menu Home News Sports Business Entertainment Classifieds Commentary Contact Local News Provincial News National News World News Stocks climb, led by banks; health care debate continues Poll Do you think the Keystone XL pipeline approved by Donald Trump will ever be completed? Yes No View Results  Loading ... Follow @LethHerald on twitter By Marley Jay, The Associated Press on March 23, 2017. FILE - In this Friday, Nov. 13, 2015, file photo, the American flag flies above the Wall Street entrance to the New York Stock Exchange. U.S. stocks are treading water early Thursday, March 23, 2017, as investors wait for news about the fate of the Republican-backed health care bill, a centerpiece of President Donald Trump's business-friendly agenda of cuts to taxes and regulations and greater infrastructure spending. (AP Photo/Richard Drew, File) NEW YORK – U.S. stocks are broadly higher Thursday as banks recover some ground thanks to an upturn in bond yields, which will make lending money more profitable by forcing interest rates on loans higher. Over the last two days stocks have regained about half the ground they lost in Tuesday’s plunge. Google’s parent company, Alphabet, leads technology stocks lower as a number of companies say they will stop advertising on YouTube because they don’t want their ads appearing alongside offensive videos. KEEPING SCORE: The Standard & Poor’s 500 index rose 8 points, or 0.4 per cent, to 2,356 as of 12:50 p.m. Eastern time. The Dow Jones industrial average added 80 points, or 0.4 per cent, to 20,741. The Nasdaq composite rose 15 points, or 0.3 per cent, to 5,836. The Russell 2000 index, which tracks smaller companies, gained 14 points, or 1 per cent, to 1,359. Three-fourths of the stocks on the New York Stock Exchange were rising. Investors are waiting for more news about the fate of the Republican-backed health care bill, a centerpiece of President Donald Trump’s business-friendly agenda of cuts to taxes and regulations and greater infrastructure spending. BONDS: Bond prices edged lower. The yield on the 10-year Treasury note, which has skidded over the last few days, rose to 2.43 per cent from 2.40 per cent. Banks rose more than any other sector. The S&P 500 banking index plunged 5 per cent over the previous four days as bond yields and interest rates decreased. SunTrust Banks rose $1.02, or 1.9 per cent, to $55.20 and Citigroup gained 78 cents, or 1.4 per cent, to $58.55. YOUTUBE AD BOYCOTT: Alphabet fell as a YouTube advertising boycott spread. Companies including Johnson & Johnson, AT&T and Verizon have suspended their YouTube ad campaigns in the last week because their ads were appearing alongside offensive videos, including some that promoted terrorism. The ads are placed automatically and Google has said it will do more to block offensive videos. YouTube is one of the fastest-growing parts of Google’s ad system. Alphabet lost $10.45, or 1.2 per cent, to $839.35. Technology companies lagged the rest of the market, as Alphabet is the second-most valuable company on the S&P 500 after Apple. RETAIL REBOUND: PVH, which owns the Calvin Klein and Tommy Hilfiger brands, jumped after its fourth-quarter profit and sales topped analyst estimates. It said sales for the Hilfiger brand grew in the latest quarter and its business is doing well in spite of high discounts in the U.S. The stock gained $8.26, or 9.1 per cent, to $99.11. Discount retailer Five Below also climbed after it surpassed Wall Street projections in its fourth quarter. The stock rose $4.42, or 11.6 per cent, to $42.55. HITTING REVERSE: Ford dipped after the automaker forecast a profit of 30 to 35 cents a share in the first quarter, far below the 47 cents per share analysts expected. Ford said its profit will decrease compared to last year because of higher costs for commodities, warranties, and business investments, and lower sales volumes. The stock fell 5 cents to $11.72. ENERGY: U.S. crude oil lost 20 cents to $47.84 a barrel in New York. Brent crude, used to price international oils, remained at $50.64 a barrel in London. HEALTHCARE VOTE: Congress is scheduled to vote on the American Health Care Act Thursday, and Republican leaders are trying to hold together a coalition to pass the bill. Concessions being offered to the conservatives, who sought to limit requirements for health plans to offer certain benefits including substance abuse and maternity care, appeared to be scaring off moderate Republicans. Health care stocks were slightly higher overall. Health insurance companies were little changed while companies that administer Medicaid programs stumbled and hospital operators traded higher. UNEMPLOYMENT: More people applied for unemployment benefits last week, according to the Labor Department, but applications are still at a low level that points to a healthy job market. Benefits applications rose 15,000 last week to a seasonally adjusted 258,000. Applications are a proxy for layoffs, so the statistics suggest relatively few Americans are losing their jobs. CURRENCIES: The dollar inched up to 111.21 yen from 110.92 yen. The euro slid to $1.0784 from $1.0798. OVERSEAS: Germany’s DAX jumped 1.1 per cent and the CAC 40 in France rose 0.7 per cent. Britain’s FTSE 100 index added 0.2 per cent. In Japan the Nikkei 225 gained 0.2 per cent. Hong Kong’s Hang Seng was flat and the South Korean Kospi gained 0.2 per cent. ___ AP Markets Writer Marley Jay can be reached at http://twitter.com/MarleyJayAP His work can be found at http://bigstory.ap.org/journalist/marley-jay 000000 000000 Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. You must be logged in to post a comment. More ways to get to us Facebook Twitter YouTube ePaper Login Subscribe Subscription Services Archive About Us The Lethbridge Herald Other Publications Food For Thought Contact Careers Contact the Lethbridge Herald 504 - 7th Street South Lethbridge, AB T1J 3Z7 [P] (403) 328-4411 [F] (403)328-4536 Print Advertising: (403) 328-4410 National Advertising: (403) 380-7585 Online Advertising: (403) 380-7585 Classifieds: (403) 328-4433 © 1996-2017 The Lethbridge Herald, A Division of Continental Newspapers Canada Ltd. Advertising Terms and Conditions & Privacy Policy
Stay Connected Widgetized Section Go to Admin » Appearance » Widgets » and move Gabfire Widget: Social into that MastheadOverlay zone Home Shop Advertise Events Library Press Releases Newsletter Register About Us Broadband Cable Equipment FTTH ISP Satellite Telco Test & Monitor Broadcast Advertising Ads Targetted Digital Radio DSO DTH/Satellite DTT/DSO FTA Pay TV Services VOD Catch Up Premium Business Funding IPO Joint Venture M&A People Regulation Policy Spectrum Standards Results Content app CA/DRM CDNs Games Piracy Production Rights UGC VR Work flow In Home Home Network PVR STB Mobile APPS Companion devices MNO Mobile TV Portable Media OTT Connected TV HbbTV IPTV Middleware IPG Search/Recommendation OTT UGC Research Consumer Behaviour Equipment Markets Social Media UHD Equipment Production Ultra-HD/4K White Papers Suspension of big brand ads on YouTube spreads to US March 23, 2017 US companies are now suspending digital advertising on Google’s YouTube, over concerns that its ads may have appeared on channels that broadcast offensive videos, joining European counterparts. Wireless carriers Verizon and AT&T and pharma giant Johnson & Johnson said they would suspend digital ads on YouTube, joining a list of well-known UK brands Google has come under intense scrutiny for ads appearing alongside videos on YouTube carrying homophobic or anti-Semitic messages and Islamic extremist material. The company has vowed an overhaul of its practices. J&J said it wanted to ensure that its product advertising did not appear on channels that promote “offensive content.” Google’s net ad revenue worldwide from YouTube was $5.58 billion last year, according to eMarketer. Related posts: YouTube $5.6bn in ad revenue YouTube to share ad revenues? YouTube: 4bn streams a day US online ad-spend to overtake print Minecraft most popular YouTube game You must be logged in to post a comment Login LATEST NEWS UK consumers embracing Ultra-HD Spotify buys MightyTV 59% US pay-TV subs push back when ads use personal data Comcast planning nationwide streaming TV service Arianespace strike forces French government to act Online ad expenditure to exceed TV this year Movistar's pay TV makes mobile the remote control France: Free offers 57 Chinese channels AMC extends F1 rights in Czech Republic, Slovakia Barclays launches £100m UK TV production fund   Search Archive Select a Month Click to Select March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 March 2009 February 2009 January 2009 December 2008 November 2008 October 2008 September 2008 August 2008 July 2008 June 2008 May 2008 April 2008 March 2008 February 2008 January 2008 December 2007 November 2007 October 2007 September 2007 August 2007 0 Select a Category Click to Select Articles Broadband    Cable    Equipment    FTTH    ISP    Satellite    Telco    Test & Monitor Broadcast    Advertising       Ads       Targetted    Digital Radio    DSO    DTH/Satellite    DTT/DSO    FTA    Pay TV    Services    VOD       Catch Up       Premium Business    Funding    IPO    Joint Venture    M&A    People    Regulation       Policy       Spectrum       Standards    Results Content    app    CA/DRM    CDNs    Games    Piracy    Production    Rights    UGC    VR    Work flow Events Guest Blog    Inside Satellite    Off Message    Third Party Headline In Home    Home Network    PVR    STB Magazines    EuroMedia    IPTV Mobile    APPS    Companion devices    MNO    Mobile TV    Portable Media OTT    Connected TV    HbbTV    IPTV    Middleware       IPG       Search/Recommendation    OTT    UGC Photo Press Releases Research    Consumer Behaviour    Equipment    Markets Research Library    Research TV Channel Social Media UHD    Equipment    Production    Ultra-HD/4K Video White Papers Search by Keyword Broadband Broadcast Business Content In Home Mobile OTT Research Social Media UHD White Papers Shop Advertise Events Library Press Releases Newsletter Register About Us Copyright Advanced Television Ltd © 2001–2017 Maintained by Elrond Limited Advanced Television Cookies Policy Our Website uses cookies to improve your experience. Please visit our Privacy Policy page for more information about cookies and how we use them. Close
Blue Sky Innovation Technology Google wants to fix tech's diversity problem with an outpost for historically black colleges Google Josh Edelson / AFP/Getty Images Google is launching a campus for Howard University students at its Silicon Valley headquarters. Google is launching a campus for Howard University students at its Silicon Valley headquarters. (Josh Edelson / AFP/Getty Images) Jena McGregorThe Washington Post Four years ago, Google began sending engineers to historically black colleges such as Howard University for its "Google in Residence" program, an attempt to improve its recruiting from these campuses, prepare students for Google's peculiar hiring practices, and inject their computer science courses with more of the up-to-date skills that Silicon Valley needs. Now, it is trying the reverse, starting an on-campus outpost known as "Howard West" that brings students from Washington to Mountain View, California, for three months of computer science classes, one-on-one mentorships with black Google tech employees, and even the Googleplex's famous free food and shuttles. Faculty will come with them, spending an "externship" teaching and learning alongside Google engineers. The new program, announced Thursday, is the search giant's latest effort to try to boost its stubbornly low numbers of black employees, which account for just 1 percent of its technology employees — the same number as in 2014 — and only 2 percent of its employees overall, according to the company's most recent diversity report. Besides its Google in Residence program, the company has expanded its recruiting to a broader range of schools, trains its workers on "implicit biases" and re-examines resumes to make sure recruiters don't overlook diverse talent. Why is there so much attention but so little progress for diversity in tech? Tribune news services The tech industry brought us self-driving cars, artificial intelligence and 3-D printers. But when it comes to racial and gender diversity, its leading companies are no trailblazers. Despite loudly touted efforts to hire more blacks, Latinos and women, especially in technical and leadership positions,... The tech industry brought us self-driving cars, artificial intelligence and 3-D printers. But when it comes to racial and gender diversity, its leading companies are no trailblazers. Despite loudly touted efforts to hire more blacks, Latinos and women, especially in technical and leadership positions,... (Tribune news services) "We'd been focused on narrowing or, really, eliminating the digital divide," said Bonita Stewart, vice president of partnerships for Google, in an interview. "Now we're seeing there's an opportunity to look at the geographical divide. By having this immersive program, we will have the opportunity to focus on the hard technical skills, but more important are some of the softer skills, in terms of working and understanding the Valley culture." As part of the new program, rising juniors and seniors will spend three months in classes at a dedicated space on Google's campus. Tuition will be paid for by Howard and private donors; funding will also cover their housing and a summer stipend. The program is likely to include events such as networking sessions with Howard alumni throughout the Valley, opportunities to shadow Google employees, and formal and informal conversations about their experiences. It launches this summer with 25 students from Howard University, but the aim is to expand it next year to other historically black colleges and universities, or HBCUs. Howard University President Wayne Frederick said he hopes the program will help retain students in computer science programs who might not have the financial means to remain. "A large number of our students are Pell Grant-eligible, and support is a real concern," said Frederick in an interview. "This also helps address their ability to matriculate more quickly." The idea began after Frederick made some visits to Silicon Valley companies in 2014 and recognized the gulf between the two cultures. "Until you actually walk around and see it in action, I don't think you really get it," he said. A medical doctor, he recognized the value of more clinical experience earlier in medical students' education, something that could be applied to computer science majors, too. At an event, he met Stewart, a Howard alumna who herself had seen the opportunity for HBCUs to get an outpost at the Googleplex after her office in New York provided space for the Cornell Tech program and the nonprofit Black Girls Code. "We thought by moving it out west and creating this more immersive environment, we could perhaps accelerate our diversity effort in a new and interesting way," Stewart said. Why your boss is still a white guy Samara Mejia Hernandez We’re not even talking about the right causes of the diversity problem in tech yet. For the second year now, VC firm First Round Capital has released a fantastic “State of Startups” annual report. First Round surveyed over 700 founders and CEOs of technology startups to get their impressions on... We’re not even talking about the right causes of the diversity problem in tech yet. For the second year now, VC firm First Round Capital has released a fantastic “State of Startups” annual report. First Round surveyed over 700 founders and CEOs of technology startups to get their impressions on... (Samara Mejia Hernandez) The new program could also help fix some concerns about the company's "Google in Residence" program. In a Bloomberg Businessweek cover story early last year, a former Google engineer cited the difficulty of luring Google employees to Howard's campus in Washington, which took them out of the regular promotion and evaluation cycles back on campus. The new program would allow engineers to remain local as they got involved in the program. It could also help expose students earlier to the culture shock that awaits some of them when they come to Silicon Valley. One black student said she was startled by how homogeneous the area was on a visit and noted the playground-style perks at tech campuses armed with ping-pong tables didn't interest her. "Slides are not really appealing," she told Bloomberg. "There are not a lot of people of color in the Valley — and that, by itself, makes it kind of unwelcoming." Diversity experts briefed on general details about the program said that while the concept is intriguing, there are also important questions to consider about how to prepare students for the experience. "I don't know how many of the cultural nuances everybody has thought through," said Freada Kapor Klein, who co-chairs the Kapor Center for Social Impact and founded a summer math and science program for low-income, underrepresented high school students of color. "Students are coming from … a predominantly people-of-color campus and being parachuted into a an overwhelmingly white, Asian and male environment." Others agreed that the program's success will lie in its details — as well as in how well it translates to hires. Data shows there are proportionally more students of color graduating from computer science programs than are being hired by big firms, making the real problem not the pipeline, but a lack of hiring, said Ellie Tumbuan, a principal at Vaya Consulting, which assists clients with diversity issues in the Bay Area. "Everyone is understanding that it's more important to build long-term relationships," she said. "The real commitment comes with what are you actually going to do about hiring." As of early last year, Bloomberg reported that just two computer science students from Howard had been hired by Google. A spokesperson would not provide updated numbers but said many students began as freshmen, so would not yet have had a chance to be hired. Hiring more talented black computer science experts is, of course, an outcome both Google and Howard want to see. Asks Frederick: "Can we get more students into this pipeline in a way that would help retain them and ultimately, five to seven years down the road, really impact what the hiring looks like across the industry?" He hopes so. Privacy Policy Copyright © 2017, Chicago Tribune Colleges and Universities Google Inc. Sports Breaking RedEye Trending Opinion Suburbs Entertainment Advertising 50°
Home Markets Companies Opinion Politics Technology Specials PF Portfolio My Page GST Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll North East West South Election News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST BS APPS iPad iPhone Android Wap BS PRODUCTS Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books Today's Paper BS SPECIALS B2B Connect Power & Energy SME BS E-Paper Hi, Change Password Subscribe Sign out Change Password Manage My Account Sign out SIGN IN Subscribe               TRENDING ON BS #TelecomWars #Demonetisation #ElectionResults2017 #GST #AssemblyElections2017 News Stock Quote Authors  News    Stock Quote    Authors You are here: Home » Economy & Policy » News Setback for Yogi Adityanath? Jaitley rules out farm loan waivers to states Business Standard Govt partners with Google to boost security in digital payments India will get access to latest techniques of fending off attacks and building secure systems Alnoor Peermohamed  |  Bengaluru  March 23, 2017 Last Updated at 18:28 IST email this article Message: Recipients' Email: Type address separated by commas Your Email: Enter the characters shown in the image. Send me a copy:   http://mybs.in/2UUGCT1 ALSO READ Govt unveils draft security rules for e-wallet firms Banks look forward for incentives to promote digital payments To cash in on 'less-cash', e-wallets enhance security features From Paytm to Freecharge, feature phones get a digi-wallet push RBI numbers show drop in digital commerce, but firms talk of record growth The Ministry of Electronics and Information Technology (MeitY) and Google India have come together to boost the security of India's fast growing digital payments ecosystem at a time when data breaches and fraudulent transactions are becoming more commonplace in the country. The partnership will support the formation of a 'Digital Payments Security Alliance' in collaboration with the Data Security Council of India (DSCI) that will include stakeholders such as banks, FinTech companies and the government. It will look to create awareness of the best security practices for mobile and digital payments in the country. "We are delighted to support Honourable PM Modi's vision of creating a 'New india' where technology unleashes a wave of new opportunities. We are committed to and look forward to working with MEITY across these broad range of initiatives and help every Indian to leverage the power of the Internet," said Rajan Anandan, Vice President of Southeast Asia and India at Google. The Narendra Modi government had reached out to Google CEO Sundar Pichai on his visit to India in Jan to help the country in building a more secure digital infrastructure. Google is already partnering with the government to provide free Wi-Fi access to millions of Indians at 300 railway stations across the country. The proposed Digital Payments Security Alliance will look at running awareness campaigns on safe and secure practices for digital payments, building capacity through 'Train the Trainer' programmes for government run Common Service Centres (CSC) and agencies working towards the financial inclusion of India's poorest. After the Indian government banned large currency bills of Rs 500 and Rs 1,000 in November last year, the public was held hostage to using digital payments, a move which was lauded for getting more people to pay digitally. However, experts and several industry watchers opined that the government was ill prepared in terms of ensuring security standards in digital payments were up to the mark. In the months that followed Demonetisation, public pressure has forced the government to look at introducing rules for Prepaid Payment Instruments (PPI) such as Paytm which are increasingly driving digital payments in the country. MeitY has floated its draft rules for regulating PPIs while the RBI too has mandated some guidelines to ensure safety of a user's money. Google's partnership with the government will help India's digital payment ecosystem get access to the latest techniques of fending off attacks and building more secure systems. However, the country needs laws to enforce the implementation of minimum security standards by banks, digital wallets and other FinTech companies.  Read More On Google | Meity | Digital Payments | Dsci | Security | Paytm | Digital Wallets | Economy & Policy | News PREVIOUS STORY NEXT STORY RECOMMENDED FOR YOU Advertisements The 'One' Sedan the World's Elite Prefer to Drive Banking conveinience on the go, anytime...anywhere Cover from Natural Calamities. Buy Home Insurance Register for LSE India Summit 2017 on 29-30 March Lavish 3 & 4 BHK in Khar, Mumbai @ 6.9 Cr* Onwards Start Free* Trading in Share Market for 1st Month Your personal loan can help you consolidate debt Open a demat account with Sharekhan & learn online trading. Luxury 3 & 4 BHK in BKC, Mumbai @ 6.4 Cr* Onwards 6 ways to secure your mobile phone against attackers Cover from Earthquake & Floods. Buy Home Insurance 0* Brokerage for 1st Mnth Trading &100% Free* Demat A/c New to investing in shares? Main Jahan, Mera Bank Wahan New to the Stock Market? Take your FirstStep Govt partners with Google to boost security in digital payments India will get access to latest techniques of fending off attacks and building secure systems The Ministry of Electronics and Information Technology (MeitY) and Google India have come together to boost the security of India's fast growing digital payments ecosystem at a time when data breaches and fraudulent transactions are becoming more commonplace in the country.The partnership will support the formation of a 'Digital Payments Security Alliance' in collaboration with the Data Security Council of India (DSCI) that will include stakeholders such as banks, FinTech companies and the government. It will look to create awareness of the best security practices for mobile and digital payments in the country."We are delighted to support Honourable PM Modi's vision of creating a 'New india' where technology unleashes a wave of new opportunities. We are committed to and look forward to working with MEITY across these broad range of initiatives and help every Indian to leverage the power of the Internet," said Rajan Anandan, Vice President of Southeast Asia and India at Google.The ... The Ministry of Electronics and Information Technology (MeitY) and Google India have come together to boost the security of India's fast growing digital payments ecosystem at a time when data breaches and fraudulent transactions are becoming more commonplace in the country. The partnership will support the formation of a 'Digital Payments Security Alliance' in collaboration with the Data Security Council of India (DSCI) that will include stakeholders such as banks, FinTech companies and the government. It will look to create awareness of the best security practices for mobile and digital payments in the country. "We are delighted to support Honourable PM Modi's vision of creating a 'New india' where technology unleashes a wave of new opportunities. We are committed to and look forward to working with MEITY across these broad range of initiatives and help every Indian to leverage the power of the Internet," said Rajan Anandan, Vice President of Southeast Asia and India at Google. The Narendra Modi government had reached out to Google CEO Sundar Pichai on his visit to India in Jan to help the country in building a more secure digital infrastructure. Google is already partnering with the government to provide free Wi-Fi access to millions of Indians at 300 railway stations across the country. The proposed Digital Payments Security Alliance will look at running awareness campaigns on safe and secure practices for digital payments, building capacity through 'Train the Trainer' programmes for government run Common Service Centres (CSC) and agencies working towards the financial inclusion of India's poorest. After the Indian government banned large currency bills of Rs 500 and Rs 1,000 in November last year, the public was held hostage to using digital payments, a move which was lauded for getting more people to pay digitally. However, experts and several industry watchers opined that the government was ill prepared in terms of ensuring security standards in digital payments were up to the mark. In the months that followed Demonetisation, public pressure has forced the government to look at introducing rules for Prepaid Payment Instruments (PPI) such as Paytm which are increasingly driving digital payments in the country. MeitY has floated its draft rules for regulating PPIs while the RBI too has mandated some guidelines to ensure safety of a user's money. Google's partnership with the government will help India's digital payment ecosystem get access to the latest techniques of fending off attacks and building more secure systems. However, the country needs laws to enforce the implementation of minimum security standards by banks, digital wallets and other FinTech companies.  Alnoor Peermohamed Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 Govt partners with Google to boost security in digital payments India will get access to latest techniques of fending off attacks and building secure systems The Ministry of Electronics and Information Technology (MeitY) and Google India have come together to boost the security of India's fast growing digital payments ecosystem at a time when data breaches and fraudulent transactions are becoming more commonplace in the country. The partnership will support the formation of a 'Digital Payments Security Alliance' in collaboration with the Data Security Council of India (DSCI) that will include stakeholders such as banks, FinTech companies and the government. It will look to create awareness of the best security practices for mobile and digital payments in the country. "We are delighted to support Honourable PM Modi's vision of creating a 'New india' where technology unleashes a wave of new opportunities. We are committed to and look forward to working with MEITY across these broad range of initiatives and help every Indian to leverage the power of the Internet," said Rajan Anandan, Vice President of Southeast Asia and India at Google. The Narendra Modi government had reached out to Google CEO Sundar Pichai on his visit to India in Jan to help the country in building a more secure digital infrastructure. Google is already partnering with the government to provide free Wi-Fi access to millions of Indians at 300 railway stations across the country. The proposed Digital Payments Security Alliance will look at running awareness campaigns on safe and secure practices for digital payments, building capacity through 'Train the Trainer' programmes for government run Common Service Centres (CSC) and agencies working towards the financial inclusion of India's poorest. After the Indian government banned large currency bills of Rs 500 and Rs 1,000 in November last year, the public was held hostage to using digital payments, a move which was lauded for getting more people to pay digitally. However, experts and several industry watchers opined that the government was ill prepared in terms of ensuring security standards in digital payments were up to the mark. In the months that followed Demonetisation, public pressure has forced the government to look at introducing rules for Prepaid Payment Instruments (PPI) such as Paytm which are increasingly driving digital payments in the country. MeitY has floated its draft rules for regulating PPIs while the RBI too has mandated some guidelines to ensure safety of a user's money. Google's partnership with the government will help India's digital payment ecosystem get access to the latest techniques of fending off attacks and building more secure systems. However, the country needs laws to enforce the implementation of minimum security standards by banks, digital wallets and other FinTech companies.  Alnoor Peermohamed Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 MORE ON MARKETS: Quick Links Stock Market Live Portfolio Commodity Market Upcoming IPO Personal Finance Stock Market News Derivatives Mutual Funds Gold Price Sensex Browse STOCK Companies A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Browse Mutual Funds A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Index Stocks ACC Adani Ports Ambuja Cem. Asian Paints Aurobindo Pharma Axis Bank B H E L B P C L Bajaj Auto Bank of Baroda Bharti Airtel Bharti Infra. Bosch Cipla Coal India Dr Reddy's Labs Eicher Motors GAIL (India) Grasim Inds H D F C HCL Technologies HDFC Bank Hero Motocorp Hind. Unilever Hindalco Inds. ICICI Bank Idea Cellular IndusInd Bank Infosys ITC Kotak Mah. Bank Larsen & Toubro Lupin M & M Maruri Suzuki NTPC O N G C Power Grid Corpn Reliance Inds. St Bk of India Sun Pharma. Inds. Tata Motors Tata Motors-DVR Tata Power Co. Tata Steel TCS Tech Mahindra UltraTech Cement Ltd Wipro Yes Bank Zee Entertainment Copyrights © 2017 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved. From BS Website Home Companies Markets Opinion Politics Technology Specials Personal Finance Budget Latest News Today's Paper RBI Policy General News General Videos General Photo Gallery Events Authors About us About Us Code of Conduct Terms & Conditions Cookie Policy Disclaimer Investor Communication Support & Contact Partner with Us Careers Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback Browser Support Sitemap Subscribe E-Paper BS Magazines Portfolio Tracker BS Products Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books B2B Connect iPhone iPad android wap BS Fund Cafe 2016 Budget Insight Out Budget 2017 Budget 2017 Budget News Budget Connect with BS Facebook Google+ Linkedin Twitter Youtube RSS Upgrade To Premium Services Welcome User Business Standard is happy to inform you of the launch of "Business Standard Premium Services" As a premium subscriber you get an across device unfettered access to a range of services which include: Access Exclusive content - articles, features & opinion pieces Weekly Industry/Genre specific newsletters - Choose multiple industries/genres Access to 17 plus years of content archives Set Stock price alerts for your portfolio and watch list and get them delivered to your e-mail box End of day news alerts on 5 companies (via email) NEW: Get seamless access to WSJ.com at a great price. No additional sign-up required.   Premium Services In Partnership with   Dear Guest,   Welcome to the premium services of Business Standard brought to you courtesy FIS. Kindly visit the Manage my subscription page to discover the benefits of this programme. Enjoy Reading! Team Business Standard  
You're about to be redirected We notice you're visiting us from a region where we have a local version of Inc.com. READ THIS ARTICLE ON or remain on inc.com Startup Best Industries Funding Incubators Business Plans Naming Home-Based Business The UPS StoreView Grow Strategy Operations Sales Marketing Customer Service Franchises Build Lead Company Culture Productivity Public Speaking Hiring HR/Benefits Women Entrepreneurs Rising Stars T-MobileView Innovate Creativity Invent Design Pivot Technology Cloud Computing Social Media Security Big Data Money Bootstrapping Crowdfunding Venture Capital Borrowing Business Models Personal Finance Inc. 5000 The 2016 US List The 2017 Europe List Apply Inc. 5000 US Special Reports Founders 40 Small Business Week The Inc. Life Icons of Entrepreneurship Hot Spots Spread the Wealth Vision 2020 Secrets of the Inspired Traveler Main Street Video Inc. Tested Women Who Lead Peak Performance Founders Forum Inspiration Chronicles World's Coolest Offices Lift Inc. Live How I Did It Drinks With… Idea Lab Playbook Tip Sheet Origin Stories Ask Marcus Lemonis Events Full Schedule Inc. Women's Summit Inc.5000 Conference & Gala Iconic GrowCo Conference Inc. BrandView NEWSLETTERS MAGAZINE PARTNER CONTENT Inc. BrandView Inc. Branded Content Inc. Franchise PODCASTS SUBSCRIBE ADVERTISE INC. RADIO INC. BUSINESS HUB Inc. Verified Profile Inc. Plus Send Press Releases Plan for your business Secure Funding Get Published OTHER EDITIONS Inc. ASEAN Inc. Arabia SITEMAP PRIVACY PRESS QUERIES AD CHOICE Search Newsletters Follow Subscribe Today's Must Reads Inc. Events & Offers Inc. Partner Events & Offers Forgot Password? Enter your email to reset your password Or sign up using: New member? Sign up now. Sign in if you're already registered. STARTUP How To Rank #0 In Google Results (Above #1) Sometimes, being #1 isn't the best. When it comes to search engine optimization (SEO), it's best to be #0. By John Lincoln John Lincoln is co-founder and CEO of Ignite Visibility, a digital-marketing teacher at the University of California San Diego and an online-marketing consultant. @johnelincoln Co-founder and CEO, Ignite Visibility@johnelincoln WRITE A COMMENT CREDIT: Getty Images Advertisement Yes, there is such a thing as ranking #0 for a keyword. That 0th position in the search engine results pages (SERPs) is also known as the featured snippet. What's a Featured Snippet? A featured snippet appears at the very top of the SERPs as a box. While other results (excluding ads) in the results list display the title of the page plus a brief description, a featured snippet displays a larger segment of the content itself. In a nutshell, a featured snippet gives Google users the ability to get a bird's-eye glance at the content before clicking on the link. If you want to see an example of a featured snippet, just head over to Google and search for "how to cure bacon." The result at the top of the SERPs is a featured snippet. You won't see that result if you conduct that same search on your smartphone, though. Google isn't fully supporting featured snippets on mobile platforms right now. Give that one some time, though. Google is obsessed with mobile support so you'll likely see it in the near future. How to Land a Featured Snippet So how can you get a featured snippet? Unfortunately, it's easier said than done. You'll have to do some SEO work. The good news is that even if you don't achieve rank #0, the work you do will likely give you a nice bump in the SERPs. So even if you don't succeed, you still win. The most important thing to keep in mind is that you don't have to rank #1 to hit rank #0. In fact, many featured snippets are extracted from pages that rank #2 through #5 in the SERPs. Why? Apparently, it's because Google values relevance over rank when it comes to featured snippets. So if content that ranks #5 is more relevant for a particular search term than anything above it, Google will use that content to create the featured snippet. So how can you create content that's more relevant than anything else at the top of the SERPs? For the answer to that, read on. Get to the Point One of the best ways to demonstrate relevance is by getting straight to the point in your content. Don't beat around the bush. Don't get sidetracked. Just give your readers exactly the information that you promised them in the title. Follow that advice and you'll find that Google's algorithm can more easily parse your sentences. When that happens, Google is likely to give you relevance points. And that can land you a featured snippet. Give Readers an Upside Down Pyramid Another way to show that your content is relevant is by writing in an "inverted pyramid" style. That's a technique often used by journalists. To use the inverted pyramid style, structure your content so that you give your audience a summary at the beginning and then offer more details throughout the piece. That's helpful to readers because they can get the gist of the article up-front, and then glean the specific info they need by reading on. Use Longform Content There are already demonstrated SEO benefits to longform content. It can also help you rank for position #0. Longform content is content that's at least 1,200 words in length (but really, we see posts over 2,000 words rank the best in Google). That may seem like a lot, but remember you're competing with other people to get a featured snippet. "A lot" is required in this case. Just be certain that you're not writing words only so that you can fill up a quota. Produce longform content where every word counts, not just for the sake of producing longform content. Do Some Keyword Research If you're already practicing good SEO, then you're probably already doing keyword research. Now, it's time to put some of that research to work so you can snag a featured snippet. Use SEMRush or a similar tool to determine which keywords are relevant to your brand but aren't very competitive. Then, start cranking out content for those keywords. With just a bit of keyword research, you might find some terms that are easy to rank for. Produce some great content relevant to those terms and you might hit position #0. Answer Questions Finally, answer questions. Google loves to put the answer to questions in the featured snippet box. You can do a lot to get your page in that box if it answers a question that people are likely to ask on Google. In fact, it's a great idea to make the title of your content the question itself. Then, ask the question within the content as well. Of course, you'll also want to provide the answer to that question. Wrapping It Up You'll have to make an effort to rank for position #0, but it will be worth it. Your page will be at the very top of the SERPs, it will stand out from the other organic links, and you'll gain some prestige because Google is highlighting your content as an authoritative source. There is a lot more to this topic, but these basics should get you started. The opinions expressed here by Inc.com columnists are their own, not those of Inc.com. Published on: Mar 23, 2017 Advertisement
mirrorLoad mobile navigation News UK News World News Weird News Crime Real Life Stories Health MotoringExpand Politics Sport Football Formula 1 Boxing Cricket Horse Racing Row Zed Rugby Union Other Sports Athletics Cycling Darts MMA Tennis WrestlingExpandExpand Football Celebs Celebrity News US Gossip Fashion & Beauty Weird Celeb NewsExpand TV & Film Weird News Technology Money Travel Fashion Mums Quizzes Got a Story? Sign in My Account Subscriptions Sign Out facebook twitter pinterest instagram Offers Fantasy Bingo Dating Jobs BuySell Competitions Horoscopes Psychic Cartoons Crosswords BuySell Find a job Find a home Find a new home Find a local business About Us Contact Us Follow Us Sell Your Story How to Complain Corrections & Clarifications Google Survey Privacy Statement Cookie Policy Terms and Conditions Paper Subscription to the Daily Mirror Paper Subscription to the Sunday Mirror Irish Mirror © 2016 MGN Limited Home Technology YouTube Technology Major US brands join YouTube advertising boycott after ads appear next to extremist videos AT&T, Verizon and Johnson & Johnson, have all suspended advertising, joining the list of British firms already boycotting the site  Share  Comments BySophie Curtis 17:06, 23 MAR 2017 Technology A raft of big firms have pulled their advertising from YouTube (Photo: Reuters)  Share  Comments Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing!Could not subscribe, try again laterInvalid Email Several major US brands have pulled advertising from YouTube, after adverts for a string of big firms appeared alongside extremist videos on the video-sharing website. Telecoms companies AT&T and Verizon, pharmaceutical firm Johnson & Johnson, and car rental company Enterprise have all suspended advertising, joining the list of over 200 British firms already boycotting the site. "We are deeply concerned that our ads may have appeared alongside YouTube content promoting terrorism and hate," an AT&T spokesperson told CNN. "Until Google can ensure this won't happen again, we are removing our ads from Google’s non-search platforms." Home Affairs Select Committee chairman Yvette Cooper (Photo: Daily Mirror) MPs last week accused Google of "profiting from hatred", after it emerged that some government adverts had been placed on "inappropriate and hate-filled sites". An investigation by The Times claimed that rape apologists, anti-Semites and hate preachers were among those receiving payouts from publicly subsidised adverts on YouTube. Read More Google vows to take 'tougher stance' on hateful content next to posted to YouTube The Cabinet Office placed a temporary restriction on YouTube advertising, "pending reassurances from Google that Government messages can be delivered in a safe and appropriate way". Hundreds of British brands have also halted their advertising with the firm, including Marks & Spencer, HSBC, Lloyds, Royal Bank of Scotland, McDonald's, L'Oreal, Audi, the Royal Mail and the BBC. YouTube Logo (Photo: Youtube) Today, the Co-op joined the boycott, following pressure from customers to "stop funding hate". "Until we are satisfied that our digital advertising will only ever appear next to appropriate content, we have suspended paid advertising with YouTube," said Nick Crofts, president of the National Members' Council. Read More MPs accuse Google of 'profiting from hatred' after taxpayer-funded ads appeared next to extremist YouTube videos Google's advertising network uses an automatic filtering system which places adverts onto videos posted to YouTube as well onto pages of other websites. The internet giant's UK managing director Ronan Harris has admitted the company "can and must do more" to combat what it called "bad advertising". Internet search giant Google owns YouTube (Photo: Getty) Earlier this week, the company announced new safeguards for advertisers that it claims will give brands more control over where their ads appear. This includes proactively removing ads from offensive videos, introducing new tools for advertisers to manage where their ads appear, and expanded availability of video-level reporting. Read More Google forced to apologise for adverts alongside extremist videos on its YouTube site "We believe the combination of these new policies and controls will significantly strengthen our ability to help advertisers reach audiences at scale, while respecting their values," said Google chief business officer Philipp Schindler in a blog post. Like us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Daily Newsletter Follow @MirrorTech Subscribe to our Daily newsletterEnter emailSubscribe Comments Show more comments More On Lloyds Verizon Communications Inc. HSBC YouTube CNN Google L'Oreal BBC The Times AT&T Inc. McDonald's Corporation Royal Mail Ltd. Royal Bank of Scotland Marks & Spencer Johnson & Johnson Ronan Harris Banks Terrorism Technology all Most Read Most Recent TechnologyThis is how to find out which of your friends have deleted you on Facebook Check at your own peril Samsung Galaxy S8Samsung Galaxy S8: Price, UK release date, screen, specs and all the news on the imminent launch The new Samsung Galaxy S8 is set to be revealed on March 29, but we already know a lot about it iPhone 8iPhone 8: Release date, price, rumours and news about Apple's 2017 iPhone Apple only just launched its iPhone 7 a few months ago, but many eyes are already turning to next year's model, the iPhone 8, which is expected to be Apple's biggest launch in years iOSApple iOS 10.3 released: Here are the new features coming to YOUR iPhone You'll now be able to track down lost headphones and find out the cricket score World SeriesTop new PlayStation 4 family games coming in 2017 If you're on the lookout for family-friendly video games this year then you could do worse than this lot iOSApple iOS 10.3 released: Here are the new features coming to YOUR iPhone You'll now be able to track down lost headphones and find out the cricket score GoogleGoogle Home hands-on review: First impressions of Google's new smart speaker After a few months on sale in the US, the Google Home speaker is coming to the UK DinosaursWorld's biggest dinosaur footprint discovered in Australia's 'Jurassic Park' The footprint measures a whopping 1.7 metres long AppsTech billionaire Jack Dorsey shrugs off Brexit fears at UK launch of his payment service Square Companies that have previously operated on a cash basis will now be able to accept card payments TwitterTwitter chief Jack Dorsey says encryption is 'critical' to web security The Silicon Valley billionaire said that governments need to understand the problem before fixing on a solution Most Read Most Recent SnakesBody of man swallowed whole by monster 7m-long python is cut from its stomach by horrified villagers WARNING: GRAPHIC CONTENT. Friends discovered their missing pal in the belly of the snake after finding the animal sprawled out in his back garden David BeckhamDavid Beckham shocks fans with ugly scarred face and yellow teeth in first photo from King Arthur cameo The footballer looks VERY different in his latest Instagram CrimeBaby girl has lost eyesight and most of her hearing after 'hammer attack that killed her twin brother' One-year-old twins Maria and Gabriel were rushed to hospital after the "terrible incident" at their home in London's Finsbury Park New pound coinThe new £1 coins worth £250 - what to look for to spot the really rare ones There are 200,000 special £1 coins worth money out there - and they're already selling for hundreds - this is what to look out for if you get your hands on one Katie Price'Her leg looks suspiciously stretched': Fans accuse Katie Price of photoshopping her bikini-clad beach snap on Instagram The TV presenter and model uploaded a snap of herself enjoying a family holiday, however, her elongated legs prompted accusations of editing Chelsea transfer newsChelsea's Eden Hazard WILL join Real Madrid this summer if he wants to, claims Ramon Calderon Los Merengues are being linked with a big-money summer swoop for the Chelsea winger TeletubbiesThe Teletubbies twenty years on: Behind the handbags, the lesbian romps and the £250 appearance fees The huge CBBC hit celebrates its 20th birthday this year, but whatever happened to the people who lived inside Dinky, Laa Laa, Dipsy and Po? GoogleGoogle Home hands-on review: First impressions of Google's new smart speaker After a few months on sale in the US, the Google Home speaker is coming to the UK DinosaursWorld's biggest dinosaur footprint discovered in Australia's 'Jurassic Park' The footprint measures a whopping 1.7 metres long EastEndersThree EastEnders characters possibly dead as Michelle Fowler crashes car into Beales' after Preston affair exposed Kush Kazemi and Cathy Beale's lives hang in the balance Top Stories DebtFather of six who swapped £100-a-week lifestyle with millionaire in Channel 5 show comes home to find £1000 bill The family were brought back down to earth with the bill after trading places with a software millionaire and his family Court caseRape victim defends judge who told court 'drunk girls are putting themselves in danger of sex attacks' Megan Clark, 19, was attacked by a man she met in a fast food restaurant after drinking beer and vodka during a night out in Manchester BrexitBrexit negotiators who will decide the UK's future after Theresa May triggers Article 50 Who is on Team UK and Team EU? These are the people who will decide what Britain leaving Europe will look like EastEndersThree EastEnders characters possibly dead as Michelle Fowler crashes car into Beales' after Preston affair exposed Kush Kazemi and Cathy Beale's lives hang in the balance CrimeBaby girl loses eyesight and most of hearing after 'hammer attack that killed twin brother' One-year-old twins Maria and Gabriel were rushed to hospital after the "terrible incident" at their home in London's Finsbury Park PizzaCancer sufferer wins year's worth of free pizza – decides to give it away Truly inspiring Down's syndromeFamilies who love a Down's syndrome child filled this remarkable diary with their stories to help other parents Jamie Freeman began the diary when she had her son Benjamin, who has the condition, and it is now travelling the globe gathering the true stories of other families TaxFerrari worth £70k left to rot on posh street for TWO YEARS is finally clamped The tarmac surrounding the Ferrari is now green and pranksters have drawn explicit images on its dirty surface SNPScottish parliament votes for independence referendum in defiance of Theresa May Nicola Sturgeon's SNP joined forces with the Scottish Green Party to pass a motion calling for another poll Missing personsUrgent police appeal as mum goes missing with her two boys Samantha Baldwin and her two boys nine-year-old Louis Madge and six-year-old Dylan Madge were last seen near Nottingham city centre NHSNew mum told she must fork out £100-a-month on lactose-free baby milk for son after NHS withdrew funding Terri Lovatt, 30,  was told by medics that NHS chiefs have stopped funding the milk Mother’s DayDaughter horrified after visiting mum's grave on Mother's Day to find 'parking ticket' on headstone The ticket was informing Sarah Handley decorations adorning her mother's grave were one inch too big TechnologyThis is how to find out which of your friends have deleted you on Facebook Check at your own peril Samsung Galaxy S8Samsung Galaxy S8: Price, UK release date, screen, specs and all the news on the imminent launch The new Samsung Galaxy S8 is set to be revealed on March 29, but we already know a lot about it iPhone 8iPhone 8: Release date, price, rumours and news about Apple's 2017 iPhone Apple only just launched its iPhone 7 a few months ago, but many eyes are already turning to next year's model, the iPhone 8, which is expected to be Apple's biggest launch in years iOSApple iOS 10.3 released: Here are the new features coming to YOUR iPhone You'll now be able to track down lost headphones and find out the cricket score World SeriesTop new PlayStation 4 family games coming in 2017 If you're on the lookout for family-friendly video games this year then you could do worse than this lot RobotsBricklaying robots set to replace human builders on hundreds of UK construction sites The robots are capable of laying six times as many bricks as human builders in a day, and never need a tea break Google HomeGoogle Home vs Amazon Echo: Which smart speaker will win the battle for your living room? As Google prepares to launch its smart speaker Google Home in the UK, we take a look at how it stacks up against its number one rival Amazon Echo YouTubeSpoof episodes of Peppa Pig trick children into watching disturbing videos on YouTube Parents and children are being tricked into watching parodies of popular cartoons that depict violence and frightening situations CopyrightIs Kodi legal in the UK? How authorities are cracking down on 'plug and play' piracy Thousands of Brits are buying "fully loaded" Kodi boxes to watch sports, TV and films without a subscription GoogleGoogle Home hands-on review: First impressions of Google's new smart speaker After a few months on sale in the US, the Google Home speaker is coming to the UK TechnologyNew Ad-Free subscription service launched for Mirror readers Readers will be able to browse the site without pre-roll video ads, banner ads, pre-article surveys, large format ads or pop-ups for just £2.99 a month TwitterTwitter chief Jack Dorsey says encryption is 'critical' to web security The Silicon Valley billionaire said that governments need to understand the problem before fixing on a solution FacebookFacebook Messenger will stop working on some smartphones this week - check to see if you're affected People using one of the affected devices will need to update to the latest version of the Messenger app AppsTech billionaire Jack Dorsey shrugs off Brexit fears at UK launch of his payment service Square Companies that have previously operated on a cash basis will now be able to accept card payments Video GamesVideo games to look out for in April 2017 - including Mario Kart, Yooka-Laylee and Outlast The first few months of the year have been so packed with video game releases that we'd honestly be surprised if you needed more games to play this month. PornographyWomen watch porn on their mobile phones more often than men, study claims Nearly 80% of female traffic to porn sites comes from mobile devices SnapChatThis simple trick will let you screenshot a Snapchat message without notifying the sender If you want to screenshot a Snapchat message without the sender knowing, all you need is this simple trick Elon MuskElon Musk's new company 'Neuralink' wants to find a way to fuse your brain with a computer The self-made billionaire is taking a break from rocket ships and electric cars to figure out how to turn the mind into software The Boeing CompanySee inside the secret bedrooms where airline pilots take a comfy rest during flights Flight crews have their own special quarters that allow them to take a quick snooze during long flights SoldiersNaked photos of female US marines shared on secret Facebook group prompts NCIS investigation The US Marine Corps is investigating a secret Facebook group being used to circulate naked pictures of active female officers News Politics Football Sport Celebs TV & Film Weird News Quizzes Technology Money Travel Fashion Mums Motoring Follow us facebook twitter pinterest instagram BuySell Find a job Find a home Find a new home Find a local business About Us Contact Us Follow Us Sell Your Story How to Complain Corrections & Clarifications Google Survey Privacy Statement Cookie Policy Terms and Conditions Paper Subscription to the Daily Mirror Paper Subscription to the Sunday Mirror Irish Mirror © 2016 MGN Limited This website uses cookies. Using this website means you are okay with this but you can find out more and learn how to manage your cookie choices here.Close cookie policy overlay
Email Password Remember me Forgot password?     Log in with Facebook Log in with Twitter Log In news tech & science social media business entertainment life sports     Google announces new features for Allo, Duo and Photos apps Listen | Print By James Walker     Mar 23, 2017 in Technology Google has added several new features to three of its most important apps, Allo, Duo and Photos. The company made the announcement as part of an event in Brazil. It is focusing on making its products work better with limited connectivity. Google showcased its work to make the Internet more inclusive at its Google for Brazil event this week. The company described the country as an "innovation hub," recognising Brazil's contribution to its products made by the Google Belo Horizonte engineering team. During the event, Google announced updates to Allo, Duo and Photos that add significant new features for worldwide use. Allo and Duo are Google's new separated messaging apps. Allo handles text-based chats whereas Duo is used for video calling. Photos is Google's highly successful photo management app, aiming to take the pain out of keeping tabs on a large collection of camera shots. Allo Allo is a new messaging app that also comes complete with the Google assistant, so you can interact with it directly in your chats, either one-on-one or with friends. Google Google is expanding Allo with a couple of smaller features. First up, it's now possible to share files with other users, finally adding in a key missing capability from the app's launch. The range of supported file extensions is limited though, enabling Google to continue to promote its cloud storage service Google Drive as the best way to share files online. You can currently send PDF, APK, ZIP, MP3 and document files directly using Allo. Google is also expanding Allo's "Smart Smiley" feature to include Brazilian users who speak Portuguese. Smart Smiley intelligently suggests appropriate emoji and stickers to add to messages, based on the context and what you've written so far. It's already available in many mostly English-speaking regions. From today, Portuguese speakers can call on Smart Smiley for help. Duo Google Duo video-calling app Google Duo is getting one significant feature. The app has so far been confined to video calls, giving it a clear but restrictive focus. Google is now enabling support for voice-only calls, letting you use Duo as a typical online phone app. The company said the feature is intended to make the app useful in situations where video calling isn't an option, such as when in public. Audio calling is less bandwidth-intensive than video calling so Duo will now work more reliably on slower connection speeds. This saves on data allowances and battery life too while removing the need to talk face-to-face while on Duo. The feature is launching today in Brazil and will roll out worldwide over the next week. Photos The Google Nexus 5X (left) and Nexus 6P (right), announced 29/09/2015 Google Finally, Google's popular Photos app is being updated with a new smart backup system that saves data while making files available online faster. When you're using your phone away from home, photos will now continue to upload over mobile data in a highly compressed low-quality form. When you get to a stable Wi-Fi connection, the original shots will be uploaded and used to overwrite the placeholders. This enables you to share photos with your friends while you're on the go, even if you don't have a good enough connection or sufficient data to upload the images. The low-resolution versions will be transferred first and then automatically replaced with the originals at a later time. The feature can be controlled in Photos' settings menu. Google in Brazil Google entrance Google Google is presenting these features as an example of how making the Internet inclusive benefits everyone, irrespective of physical region. Although Duo's voice-calling and Photos' low-resolution uploads were borne from local network conditions in Brazil, they'll be useful and appreciated across the world. "All of today's announcements were inspired by your feedback," said Google. "We do extensive research in places like Brazil, and we use those insights to make new product features tailored to people's needs in mobile-first countries. The great thing about building products for the most difficult, limited internet conditions is that you end up creating great products for everyone, everywhere." Google is also planning a few more Brazil-specific features for the weeks ahead. These include the arrival of Google Assistant in Brazilian Portuguese on Android Marshmallow and Nougat phones and a $5 million funding grant to the Lemann Foundation. It will be used to create a new tech-based education project to benefit Brazil. More about Google, google allo, google duo, Google photos, allo   Google google allo google duo Google photos allo Duo Smartphones Mobile Apps Latest News Top News Trump signs order to roll back Obama climate measures Sewol ferry 'remains' are animal bones: S. Korea ministry Interview: Barenaked Ladies talk new album, Paramount concert Special Couple arrested after trying to sell baby on Craigslist No peace deal in Syria without US role: opposition Number of Kenyans going hungry doubles to 3 mn: Red Cross IS counter-attacks to defend north Syria town: monitor Interview: Colton Dixon discusses new album 'Identity' and future Special Eastern EU members slam 'blackmail' by Brussels on migrants IS counter-attacks to defend north Syria stronghold Corporate Contact Us About Us Advertise Investors & Partners Help & Support Editorial Guidelines Terms of Use Privacy Policy News Links Latest News Live Events News Alerts GlobeNewswire News Global Press Releases 24-7PressRelease.com copyright © 2017 digitaljournal.com   |   powered by dell servers
Home > Google News > Google SEO > Google Responds To Allegations Of Former Googler Spamming Google Responds To Allegations Of Former Googler Spamming Mar 23, 2017 • 8:18 am | (25) by Barry Schwartz | Filed Under Google Search Engine Optimization Prev Story Next story Tweet Pin It   Prev Story Next Story Several days ago, rumors started surfacing on Twitter that a former Google representation, a senior one, is now playing for the other team - spamming the search engine. Of course, no names were released but supposedly, this ex-Googler is based in Germany. The spam techniques are "paid link building" according to the rumors. Here are the two tweets about this: Hey @JohnMu I just spoke to a German business owner who said they employ a "senior ex-Googler" to do paid link building for them— AccuraCast (@AccuraCast) March 15, 2017 So @JohnMu now on top of all black-hats we have to even work against ex-Googlers who've figured out a way to link spam?? #SEO #corruption— AccuraCast (@AccuraCast) March 15, 2017 John Mueller from Google responded on Twitter yesterday saying "the webspam team doesn't care who's involved." "They take action where it's warranted regardless," he added. @AccuraCast @radianceconseil @cache_flo The webspam team doesn't care who's involved - they take action where it's warranted regardless.— John ☆.o(≧▽≦)o.☆ (@JohnMu) March 22, 2017 It is rare for a former Googlers to go anti-Google, but of course, it is possible. Either way, Google will go after paid links and other search spam techniques, no matter who is doing it. But does a former Googlers have an advantage in doing this and staying one step ahead? Do they still have inside contacts at Google to stay ahead of the game? Is this Googler using his former status and job history for his benefit? Is any of this true? Who knows... This is the first time I've heard of such a case and many Googlers have left Google over the years. Forum discussion at Twitter. Previous story: Google Mobile First Index Will Launch When Results Are "Quality Neutral"   blog comments powered by Disqus The pulse of the search community Subscribe Subscribe options ADVERTISERS Search buzz Video 03/24/2017 08:41 am Subscribe More videos Video Details Browse by: Browse by Date Find by Category Discover by Author Scan Most Recent See Comments View Tag Cloud SEM FORUM THREADS WebmasterWorld Forums Twitter to Start Selling Pre-Roll Video Ads in front of Periscope Videos Google To Deprecate and Remove Trust From 30,000 Symantec-issued Extended Validation Certificates Digital Point Forums Where to buy cheap ice cream machine?? We need to get rid of vaccines Sponsored links Best SEO Company Link Penalty Recovery £200 includes locating & contacting   Submit a Thread Forum Search Awards About Us Seals Advertise Contact Google Google Updates Google News Google SEO AdSense AdWords Misc Google Google Maps Bing Bing SEO Bing Ads ContentAds Yahoo Yahoo SEO Yahoo Search Ads Yahoo Publisher Network Yahoo News Other Yahoo Overture SEO Sitemaps Spiders Informational Sites SEO SEO Copywriting Keyword Research Link Building Dynamic Site SEO Cloaking Local SEO Other Search Topics Search News SEO Tools Spam Forum News SEM Companies Web Promotion SEO Interviews Search Technology Search Theory SEM Organizations SEO Books Legal Search Issues Affiliate Marketing Social Search More... Logos Other Search Engines SEO Conferences PPC Engines Web Directories Ask.com Photos Shopping Search Multilingual Search Search Pulse Search Video Recaps Digg Digest Search Forum Recap Misc Submit a Thread Forum Search Awards About Us Seals Advertise Contact Mobile Site The content at the Search Engine Roundtable are the sole opinion of the authors and in no way reflect views of RustyBrick ®, Inc Copyright © 1994-2017 RustyBrick ®, Inc. Web Development All Rights Reserved. This work by Search Engine Roundtable is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 United States License. Creative Commons License
Home > Google News > Misc Google > Google Dance 2017 A Huge Success Google Dance 2017 A Huge Success Mar 23, 2017 • 8:22 am | (7) by Barry Schwartz | Filed Under Other Google Topics Prev Story Next story Tweet Pin It   Prev Story Next Story Last night, Google had an event for webmasters, SEOs and SEMs called the Google Dance. It was an event they ran annually and then stopped doing for some time until last year and has now done again, a second time in a row. Last year, I said this dance was about webmaster relations, it was an olive branch shown by Google to webmasters saying, we care about you. The event this year was pretty much the same thing. Top Google engineers were at the Google Dance talking to ordinary webmasters, agencies and even black hatters - just like the old days. We had people as high as Paul Haahr chatting it up with ordinary webmasters. This year, we even had John Mueller at the event, with Gary Illyes, Maryia Movea and Nathan Johns. Great to see all of them together. I did not see Brian White and some other folks from the Google web spam team but I wasn't there all night. Lastly, Matt Cutts did not make a surprise appearance, but I don't think anyone expected it this year. Here are some tweets from the event: Thanks @methode @NathanJohns & @google for another great Google Dance. Love SEOs & SEMs get to see the place so central to what they do #SMX pic.twitter.com/EX5JXTXudW— Danny Sullivan (@dannysullivan) March 23, 2017 I tried to get @methode and @JohnMu to dance at the Google Dance but they wouldn't take the bait 🎣 pic.twitter.com/o6lyVyPRRy— Barry Schwartz (@rustybrick) March 23, 2017 Google Dance dance dance baby #SMX pic.twitter.com/HBpvbiODTo— Danny Sullivan (@dannysullivan) March 23, 2017 The #GoogleDance is one happenin' event. 👯 #SMX pic.twitter.com/WcR0VuvbKv— Search Engine Land (@sengineland) March 23, 2017 @dannysullivan @methode I'm 40 minutes north on a plane, but my heart is dancing with you.— Matt Cutts (@mattcutts) March 23, 2017 This year's Google Dance shirt #smx pic.twitter.com/IoaT3odMTu— Danny Sullivan (@dannysullivan) March 23, 2017 What a great #GoogleDance night with amazing ladies 🙌😘☝️ pic.twitter.com/0fO21qVXXU— Aleyda Solís (@aleyda) March 23, 2017 Thanks @methode @dannysullivan 4 photo op at Google Dance #smx pic.twitter.com/F6UT9zQKb7— Elliott Ng (@elliottng) March 23, 2017 If you were at the Google Dance and you lost something on the campus, please look for it in our lost & found room in the LMK5 building! pic.twitter.com/g91AqMA7gJ— Gary Illyes ᕕ( ᐛ )ᕗ (@methode) March 23, 2017 @mattcutts memories! Shut down google dance with you approximately here. Hope you're well! pic.twitter.com/b0m5ThkfpS— Ashley (@BermanHale) March 23, 2017 It is hard to put into words how impactful an event like this is on the webmaster and SEO community. Google spends a lot of time, money and resources putting this together and while most webmasters and SEOs are not in attendance, there is a group of devoted that come and are invited to the GooglePlex once a year to eat, drink, talk and dance. Most of all, Googlers are actively reaching out, asking the community at this event, how they can do better for the community, their clients and as a search engine. I've heard Googlers repeatedly say to webmasters last night, "we care." Most of my take aways from last year would be duplicate content on this story if I repeated them, so I am linking to it instead. Thanks Google! Forum discussion at tweets above. Previous story: Google Responds To Allegations Of Former Googler Spamming   blog comments powered by Disqus The pulse of the search community Subscribe Subscribe options ADVERTISERS Search buzz Video 03/24/2017 08:41 am Subscribe More videos Video Details Browse by: Browse by Date Find by Category Discover by Author Scan Most Recent See Comments View Tag Cloud SEM FORUM THREADS WebmasterWorld Forums Twitter to Start Selling Pre-Roll Video Ads in front of Periscope Videos Google To Deprecate and Remove Trust From 30,000 Symantec-issued Extended Validation Certificates Digital Point Forums Fully Automated Youtube Videos Website $30 24hr Logo Contest Paypal Sponsored links Best SEO Company Link Penalty Recovery £200 includes locating & contacting   Submit a Thread Forum Search Awards About Us Seals Advertise Contact Google Google Updates Google News Google SEO AdSense AdWords Misc Google Google Maps Bing Bing SEO Bing Ads ContentAds Yahoo Yahoo SEO Yahoo Search Ads Yahoo Publisher Network Yahoo News Other Yahoo Overture SEO Sitemaps Spiders Informational Sites SEO SEO Copywriting Keyword Research Link Building Dynamic Site SEO Cloaking Local SEO Other Search Topics Search News SEO Tools Spam Forum News SEM Companies Web Promotion SEO Interviews Search Technology Search Theory SEM Organizations SEO Books Legal Search Issues Affiliate Marketing Social Search More... Logos Other Search Engines SEO Conferences PPC Engines Web Directories Ask.com Photos Shopping Search Multilingual Search Search Pulse Search Video Recaps Digg Digest Search Forum Recap Misc Submit a Thread Forum Search Awards About Us Seals Advertise Contact Mobile Site The content at the Search Engine Roundtable are the sole opinion of the authors and in no way reflect views of RustyBrick ®, Inc Copyright © 1994-2017 RustyBrick ®, Inc. Web Development All Rights Reserved. This work by Search Engine Roundtable is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 United States License. Creative Commons License
News National Sports Events Movies & TV Music Videos New Releases Live Reviews Album Reviews Music Premieres Features Digital Covers Opinion Lists Style Fashion Lifestyle Vixen Viva Share < br />this article: Google Opens “Howard West” To Train Black Coders News Shenequa Golding @GoldingGirl617 | March 23, 2017 - 12:29 pm Share < br />this article: CREDIT: Getty Images Google is taking actionable steps to increase the number of minority coders in Silicon Valley by launching “Howard West.” About 30 computer science majors from Washington D.C.’s Howard University will spend 12 week this summer at Google’s Mountain View, Calif campus. There they’ll receive instruction from Google’s senior engineers as well as earn college credit. READ Nick Cannon Enrolls As A Freshman At Howard University The initiative was brokered by HU alum Bonita Stewart, who  is also Google’s vice president of global partnership. Stewart alongside Howard’s President Dr. Wayne Frederick have been working to organize the program. Stewart said when she first got to Google a decade ago, she noticed the lack of diversity among coders, which hovered at just around one percent. Google however is changing its ways and is targeting students from HBCUs because of those graduates who earn degrees in computer science, less than a third find jobs in Silicon Valley. “I would like to see more Howard students and ultimately historically black colleges and universities students and underrepresented minorities being hired in the tech industry and participating in more start-ups,” Frederick said. “Exposure to that environment early will pay dividends on the back end.” READ Betsy DeVos Pays A Trip To Howard University Because Everyone Loves A Photo-Op Along with the students, Howard University professors will also participate in the program. For six weeks, they will also learn the latest advancements in technology. Tags: coding, Google, Howard University, Howard University West 0 Recommended for you YouTube Will Reportedly Remove 30-Second Non-Skippable Ads Betsy DeVos Pays A Trip To Howard University Because Everyone Loves A Photo-Op Google Fights “Muslim Ban” With $4 Million Crisis Fund Families Of The Orlando Shooting Victims Sue Social Media Lyor Cohen Hired As Global Head Of YouTube Music Diddy Launches Scholarship Fund At Howard University With $1 Million Donation Around The Web The VIBE Mix Newsletter Thank you for signing up for our newsletter. You will receive a confirmation shortly. Sign Up Featured Stories V Books: Prof. Daina Berry's New Book Discusses The Monetary Value Of Slaves NEXT: Ravyn Lenae Turns The Colors Of Her Life Into Sweet Music Once Rikers Island Took Kalief Browder's Life, His Siblings Knew Their Mother Was Next Is R&B Under Siege? Tyrese, Sam Smith And The Genre's Identity Crisis NEWS MUSIC FEATURES STYLE VIXEN LISTS VIVA CONTACT US Vibe.com is a member of Billboard Music, a division of Billboard-Hollywood Reporter Media Group. Privacy Policy Copyright Billboard | The Hollywood Reporter | SPIN | VIBE | deathandtaxesmag | Stereogum
You're about to be redirected We notice you're visiting us from a region where we have a local version of Inc.com. READ THIS ARTICLE ON or remain on inc.com Startup Best Industries Funding Incubators Business Plans Naming Home-Based Business The UPS StoreView Grow Strategy Operations Sales Marketing Customer Service Franchises Build Lead Company Culture Productivity Public Speaking Hiring HR/Benefits Women Entrepreneurs Rising Stars T-MobileView Innovate Creativity Invent Design Pivot Technology Cloud Computing Social Media Security Big Data Money Bootstrapping Crowdfunding Venture Capital Borrowing Business Models Personal Finance Inc. 5000 The 2016 US List The 2017 Europe List Apply Inc. 5000 US Special Reports Founders 40 Small Business Week The Inc. Life Icons of Entrepreneurship Hot Spots Spread the Wealth Vision 2020 Secrets of the Inspired Traveler Main Street Video Inc. Tested Women Who Lead Peak Performance Founders Forum Inspiration Chronicles World's Coolest Offices Lift Inc. Live How I Did It Drinks With… Idea Lab Playbook Tip Sheet Origin Stories Ask Marcus Lemonis Events Full Schedule Inc. Women's Summit Inc.5000 Conference & Gala Iconic GrowCo Conference Inc. BrandView NEWSLETTERS MAGAZINE PARTNER CONTENT Inc. BrandView Inc. Branded Content Inc. Franchise PODCASTS SUBSCRIBE ADVERTISE INC. RADIO INC. BUSINESS HUB Inc. Verified Profile Inc. Plus Send Press Releases Plan for your business Secure Funding Get Published OTHER EDITIONS Inc. ASEAN Inc. Arabia SITEMAP PRIVACY PRESS QUERIES AD CHOICE Search Newsletters Follow Subscribe Today's Must Reads Inc. Events & Offers Inc. Partner Events & Offers Forgot Password? Enter your email to reset your password Or sign up using: New member? Sign up now. Sign in if you're already registered. STRATEGY Why Facebook's Snapchat Clone Is a Master Class in Disruption It's often said that "you need to skate to where the puck is going." Learn to love disruption and you'll never get tired of that puck chase. By Allen Lau Allen Lau is the co-founder and CEO of Wattpad, a global multi-platform entertainment company for original stories. He is a serial entrepreneur with a passion for mobile technology. @allenlau Co-founder and CEO, Wattpad@allenlau WRITE A COMMENT Mark Zuckerberg (center), co-founder and CEO of Facebook. CREDIT: Getty Images Advertisement The media is obsessed with Facebook's rollout of Snapchat-like features, and what they mean for the two companies. It's easy to see why--competition creates drama, and drama commands attention. Facebook versus Google Plus. Periscope versus Meerkat. Foursquare versus Gowalla. Each major advancement in technology brings a wave of disruption that can level any playing field. Every business is a target for disruption. Right now, someone's coding a product or service that may fundamentally change the way you do business. In my decades of experience in the tech industry, I've come away with a better understanding of why businesses go after each other, and what it takes to survive as either the champion or contender. Underdog Contenders Steal the Title With: Belief In the early years of my company, Wattpad, my co-founder, Ivan Yuen, and I only made enough ad revenue a month to buy a single cup of coffee. Most entrepreneurs might have cut their losses and walked away, but a deeply rooted belief in our company's vision kept us in the game. We believed our product would revolutionize how people discover, share, and connect through stories. Meaningful companies are built upon a strong, timeless vision. Speed If a problem exists in the market that your product or service can solve, don't expect it to exist forever. Competition in business is time sensitive. In almost all cases, there is an extremely small window of opportunity to win. Google solved the problem of search and became the portal to the internet. Snapchat pioneered ephemeral visual communication, then moved quickly to capture the market. Speed is one of the best assets for a growing company. Make decisions quickly and execute with purpose. Ambition In 1993, I left an unexciting job at IBM to join a startup called Delrina. When I joined the company, it had just over 100 employees. Two years later, the company employed more than 700 people and was acquired by Symantec. Riding that rocket ship was a life-changing experience. There I learned to be ambitious enough to aim for global scale and fearless enough to take on the toughest competitors. If you build an amazing product for a global market, the sky's the limit. Aim high and find excitement in the prospect of building a world-class company. Champions Create a Winning Legacy Through: Constant reinvention Delrina's flagship product, WinFax, a fax software program for Windows, took almost 100 percent of the market. Every single one of our competitors either discontinued its products or went out of business. Even with the market cornered, Delrina would eventually have had to take on new contenders--email, SMS, social networks, and eventually messaging apps--had it not been acquired. Even legacy brand Procter & Gamble--a 178-year-old company with huge market share--goes through a major transformation every decade or so. If you don't disrupt yourself, someone will do it for you. Playing to their strengths If you think the startup clone wars of today are dramatic, look back a few decades to the browser wars. In 1995, Microsoft launched Internet Explorer 1.0 to take on the market leader at the time, Netscape. If you're unfamiliar with Netscape, you've just proved my point: For any company, it's critical to stay aware of trends and prepared for competition. The game winner for Microsoft was scale. The company included Internet Explorer 1.0 as the default browser for its operating system and pushed improvements much faster than Netscape. Today, Facebook is leveraging a few advantages against Snapchat. Scale, access to resources, and experience working with Instagram's camera-centric audience are all reasons why Facebook is siphoning eyes from Snapchat. Being the market leader means that you're in the best position to monitor and act on trends that affect your business. If You Rise to the Challenge, You'll Learn to Love Disruption It's often said that "you need to skate to where the puck is going." Learn to love disruption and you'll never get tired of that puck chase. The cloning of features by competing companies is nothing new. After releasing Instagram's version of Snapchat-style stories, Instagram's CEO made this statement in an interview with TechCrunch: "Gmail was not the first email client. Google Maps was certainly not the first map. The iPhone was definitely not the first phone. The question is, what do you do with that format? What do you do with that idea? Do you build on it? Do you add new things? Are you trying to bring it in a new direction?" In other words, your mindset, approach, and creativity will determine how well you do against the competition. Each industry faces its own disruptive trends. Smart businesses stay ahead of their own disruption by monitoring trends in the marketplace and placing their bets accordingly. At Wattpad, we actively monitor shifts in consumer behavior and trends in the entertainment space. We know people will continue to crave entertainment, but we understand that every few years how they want to be entertained will be drastically different. It's this understanding that led us to release Tap by Wattpad, a new app for short, chat-style stories. We observed various trends in messaging and understood behavior related to social storytelling. We applied that to the development of Tap to stay ahead of the curve. Continuous reinvention sets a standard for us. It a creates a focus on perpetual growth. Disney started out in animation, and then grew to be an entertainment giant. Facebook started out as a site to connect college kids, and then became the largest social media network of all time. The battle for attention between Facebook and Snapchat is far from over. The clear vision of Snapchat combined with its proven speed of execution makes it a contender. The scale and resources at Facebook are what make it a formidable opponent. Will Facebook successfully stunt Snapchat's growth, or will Snapchat usher in an era of cultural supremacy for the camera? As always, only time will tell. The opinions expressed here by Inc.com columnists are their own, not those of Inc.com. Published on: Mar 23, 2017 Advertisement
Main Menu Main menu Skip to primary content Skip to secondary content Business 25 Days of Black Biz Living Inspiration Entertainment All Access Politics Obama 44 Sports Opinion Video True Story Follow Us Search Google partners with Howard University to develop future black engineers by thegrio | March 23, 2017 at 12:00 PM Filed in: News On Thursday, Google announced a new program partnered with Howard University in an effort to recruit more young minds from Historically Black Colleges and Universities (HBCUs). Howard has opened a campus at the Googleplex, called Howard West, “a physical space on campus where Howard students and Googlers can grow together,” and hopefully will encourage diversity in a field that sorely needs it. In a press release, Howard University President Dr. Wayne Frederick said: Howard West will produce hundreds of industry-ready Black computer science graduates, future leaders with the power to transform the global technology space into a stronger, more accurate reflection of the world around us. We envisioned this program with bold outcomes in mind — to advance a strategy that leverages Howard’s high quality faculty and Google’s expertise, while also rallying the tech industry and other thought leaders around the importance of diversity in business and the communities they serve. The move comes as Google and other tech industry giants are still working to find ways to bring diversity to Silicon Valley in an industry where diversity in hiring has not been the norm. Bonita Stewart, Google’s Vice President of Global Partnerships tells theGrio that “students can expect an immersive academic and cultural experience at one of the most iconic companies in the world. Academically, they’ll acquire the skills necessary to excel on real-world projects, taught by the engineers who work on Google products and services every day. The Howard graduate added, “Culturally, they’ll have a chance to experience daily life in Silicon Valley. On the flip side, we cannot wait to learn from our Howard West students and are excited to see the fresh creativity and innovation they bring to the table.” Google hopes to expand the program to other HBCUs. Dr. Frederick says there is “significant interest” on Howard’s campus in STEM and highlighted the importance of exposing students early on. “We must influence students as early as possible. Howard University has a Middle School on campus focused on Math and Science where we have an opportunity to engage and drive the curiosity of students early,” he said.  Stewart believes that Google’s partnership with Howard, and eventually other historically black colleges and universities, will bolster the number of black engineers in Silicon Valley, which is currently dismal at best. “The tech industry will benefit from this partnership via the expansion of work-ready technologists. The project has the potential to infuse the ecosystem with talented Black software engineers while removing real and perceived barriers,” she said.  “We cannot wait to learn from our Howard West students and are excited to see the fresh creativity and innovation they bring to the table.” Related Posts Sean Spicer refused to acknowledge Timothy Caughman’s murder as hate crime GOP senators want to heal racism by having Sunday dinners Mother ‘livid’ over TSA pat-down of son at Dallas airport Miami ‘toxic tush doctor’ sentenced for death of patient Sen. Kamala Harris to deliver Howard commencement address ‘Campaign Zero’ launches tool on how to fight Trump’s agenda Post navigation Previous Previous post: Beyoncé Facetimes cancer patient in surprise of a lifetime Next Next post: Teen lies about being abducted, raped by three black men Get news in your inbox TheGrio Favorites Worst NFL players who won the Heisman Trophy 15 richest NBA players of all time The 25 Most Influential Black American Leaders of All Time The top 10 greatest black quarterbacks of all time Infamous celebrity mugshots 15 films that hurt black America Sean Spicer refused to acknowledge Timothy Caughman’s murder as hate crime GOP senators want to heal racism by having Sunday dinners Mother ‘livid’ over TSA pat-down of son at Dallas airport Miami ‘toxic tush doctor’ sentenced for death of patient Sen. Kamala Harris to deliver Howard commencement address ‘Campaign Zero’ launches tool on how to fight Trump’s agenda Main menu Skip to primary content Skip to secondary content Terms of Service Privacy Policy About Intern with theGrio Advertise with TheGrio How to pitch to theGrio Main menu Skip to primary content Skip to secondary content Politics Living Video Inspire Health Entertainment News Terms of Service Privacy Policy About Intern with theGrio Advertise with TheGrio How to pitch to theGrio ©2017 Entertainment Studios LLC Powered by PressHarbor.com theGrio Proudly powered by WordPress Theme: TheGrio Theme Prod (nbcthegrio).
  SOFTPEDIA®   Windows   Drivers   Games   Mac   Android   Linux   News Softpedia > News > Security FLASH SALE: Bitdefender 2017      50% OFF! ESET: 87 Malicious Apps Disguised as Minecraft Mods Found on Google Play Update GO These apps had a total of close to 1 million downloads Mar 23, 2017 16:10 GMT  ·  By Gabriela Vatu  ·  Share:  Researchers over at ESET have discovered 87 malicious apps disguised as mods for Minecraft on the official Google Play app store. Nearly 1 million users had installed them before the problem was reported to Google. According to ESET's report, these 87 apps were pestering Android gamers with aggressive ads and scam activity. Researchers have divided the large number of apps into two categories - ad-displaying downloaders and fake apps redirecting users to scam websites. For the first category, ESET found 14 fake apps impersonating Minecraft mods with up to 80,000 installs. They all have low ratings due to the aggressive ads they deliver to users, so, normally, they should be easy to avoid by users. The other category trying to scam users contains 73 apps. In total, they had about 910,000 installs since being uploaded to Google Play somewhere between January and March 2017, depending on the app. Bury you in ads and spam  What did these apps do? Well, when you launched one, they displayed a screen with a download button. Tapping that button doesn't download any mods, as promised, but rather redirects the user to a website that opens via the user's preferred browser and displays “all kinds of obtrusive content.” The list varies from ads, surveys, free coupon offers, jackpot wins, porn, fake updates, and fake virus warnings. “To prevent getting tricked by fake apps and malware, always opt for official app markets,” Lukáš Štefanko, Malware researcher at ESET, reminds users. “Be extra cautious when downloading third-party apps offering additional functions to existing applications. It also helps to check the popularity of the app by numbers of installs, ratings and, most importantly, content of reviews - in the case of these apps, low ratings and angry reviews should have been a good enough indicator of their untrustworthiness.” If you've fallen victim to one of these apps and want to remove them, go to Settings -> Security -> Device administrators. Then, you can uninstall the apps by going to Settings -> Application Manager. Update: “We reported the apps in two batches. The first batch has already been pulled from the market and we have received confirmation that the Android Security Team is currently examining the second batch,” ESET told Softpedia over email. In the meantime, you might want to avoid installing such apps.   CHECK OUT THE GALLERY  (2 Images) #ESET#Minecraft#Android#Google Play Store#malicious apps subscribe feedly old reader newsblur digg reader rss feed reddit it! flip it share it tweet it Photo Gallery (2 Images) 01 02 Related  ·  Hot right now  ·  Latest news WhatsApp & Telegram Fix Critical Flaws in Web Platforms Allowing Account Hijack - Update Three Mobile Boosts Number of Data Breach-Affected Accounts by 76K Instagram Users Targeted by Credential Stealers, 1.5M Downloads on Infected Apps Decryption Tools for Dharma Ransomware Variants Are Now Available Two Laptops with Hong Kong's 3.7 Million Voters' Data Stolen Samsung Store in Singapore Catches Fire Ahead of Galaxy S8 Unveil All 2017 iPhones to Support Wireless Charging, Apple Watch to Feature LTE How to Upgrade to Windows 10 Creators Update RTM Right Now Survey: 93% of Millennials Aren't Quitting Uber Two Laptops with Hong Kong's 3.7 Million Voters' Data Stolen Latest Black Lab Linux Weekly Build Optimizes Swap File Management for SSD Windows 10, the Only Way to Go: 8 in 10 Companies to Install the OS, Study Shows 2 photos    The adware infected apps Related Apps hide.me VPN: An easy to configure VPN client for Windows that enables you to hide your real identity while navigating online by connecting to a VPN server Metasploit Community: Penetration testing tool for security professionals that lets them run a discovery scan, bruteforce attack and exploit in order to detect vulnerabilities within a user-defined network range Metasploit Pro: This is a versatile and effective application that prevents data breaches with real-world attack scenarios and verifies security effectiveness SecureSafe: A comprehensive online storage solution that allows you to keep your files and passwords protected thanks to a high level of data encryption KPEnhancedEntryView: Enhance the accessibility of KeePass Password Safe by adding extra display elements to your window with this straightforward plugin Zemana AntiLogger: Make sure that your private data will remain private by using this software application that prevents harmful applications from damaging your computer ApexSQL Decrypt: A decryption tool for SQL Server database objects, be them functions, procedures, views or triggers, which enables you to preview the original DDL scripts Reader comments British Authorities Slam WhatsApp for Encryption Used by London Terrorist more on: WhatsApp i softpedia®     Like 202K    +1 56K     Follow 13K © 2001-2017 Softpedia. All rights reserved. Softpedia® and the Softpedia® logo are registered trademarks of SoftNews NET SRL. Privacy Policy news tip feedback      
Menu Subscribe Login My CSMonitor.com Login Manage Profile My Saved Items Log Out Subscription Information Subscribe Give a Gift Manage Account FREE E-mail Newsletter Subscribe Subscribe Give a Gift Manage Account FREE E-mail Newsletters Passcode Monitor Breakfast EqualEd Inhabit Home World All World Africa Africa Monitor Americas Latin America Monitor Asia Pacific Asia: South & Central Europe Middle East Global News Blog Passcode Passcode Voices Passcode Influencers Security Culture Progress Watch People Making a Difference Change Agent Specials Africa's AIDS Orphans Little Bill Clinton Hostage: The Jill Carroll Story World Topics Human Trafficking Series USA All USA Politics Monitor Breakfast Politics Voices Decoder Foreign Policy Military Justice USA Update Education EqualEd EqualEd Voices Society Politics of US Series Commentary All Commentary The Monitor's View Readers Respond Upfront Blog Global Newsstand Monitor Political Cartoons A Christian Science Perspective Business All Business The Bite Tax VOX The New Economy Saving Money In Gear Paper Economy Robert Reich Guide to Giving Energy / Environment All Energy / Environment Energy Energy Voices Inhabit Inhabit Events Technology All Technology Breakthroughs Voices Science All Science Complexity Science Notebook Spacebound Culture All Culture Arts Full Frame Photoblog Music Movies Monitor Movie Guide TV Verbal Energy The Home Forum Culture Cafe Family Food Stir It Up! Recipe Categories Books All Books Books Reviews Chapter & Verse Readers' Picks Take Action All Take Action Environment Education Conflict Resolution Disaster Relief and Recovery Human Trafficking Business First Look AT&T and others, unhappy about extremist videos, are pulling ads from Google (+video) Google has vowed an overhaul of its practices after major advertisers threatened to pull their business appearing next to 'hate talk' videos on Google's YouTube site. Monitor's Best: Top 5 Why Russian protests are making the Kremlin rethink 2018 presidential elections (+video) Cover Story Trump vs. the media: the war over facts Focus 'Sundown towns': Midwest confronts its complicated racial legacy Will GOP's tax reform prove easier than health care? (+video) Passcode What keeps cybersecurity experts up at night? Popular Now First Look Scientists describe treasure trove of dinosaur tracks in Australia (+video) Why Russian protests are making the Kremlin rethink 2018 presidential elections (+video) Cover Story Trump vs. the media: the war over facts Focus 'Sundown towns': Midwest confronts its complicated racial legacy How climate change may be driving extreme weather Photos of the day 03/28 SUBSCRIBE About video ads AT&T, Verizon and several other major advertisers are suspending their marketing campaigns on Google's YouTube site after discovering their brands have been appearing alongside videos promoting terrorism and other unsavory subjects. Richard Vogel/AP/File | Caption Loading... Patrick Reilly Staff | @PatrickfReilly March 23, 2017 —AT&T and Verizon have announced that they will pull their advertisements from YouTube and other Google platforms, lest they appear next to hateful or offensive web content. Their decision to cut ties with the tech giant comes after a similar one last week by British advertising giant Havas UK – which, in turn, was preceded by a Times of London investigation that found ads for familiar brands appearing next to terrorist and neo-Nazi propaganda videos on YouTube. "We are deeply concerned that our ads may have appeared alongside YouTube content promoting terrorism and hate," an AT&T spokesperson wrote to Business Insider. "Until Google can ensure this won’t happen again, we are removing our ads from Google’s non-search platforms.” With this decision, Verizon and AT&T – two of America’s biggest ad spenders – have joined a growing movement to stop online hate by cutting off its streams of ad revenue. “It appears that technology has gotten ahead of the advertising industry’s checks and balances,” Laura Bryant, a spokesperson for Enterprise car rental, which has halted ad spending on YouTube, told The New York Times. “There is no doubt there are serious flaws that need to be addressed.” Would Google hire you? 10 test questions to find out The process that Google and other online advertisers use to place a company’s ad on a particular page is largely automated and takes milliseconds. As a result, media design expert David Carroll told The Christian Science Monitor last week, “advertisers, brands, and publishers have no control over where these ads show up.” When Verizon’s or AT&T’s ads appear alongside a terrorist’s or white supremacist’s video, ad agencies “have to act defensively” to repair the damage. Meanwhile, a Twitter activist group known as the Sleeping Giants is alerting companies when their ads appear on Breitbart, a website often accused of featuring “fake news” and offensive content. They’ve also taken credit for prompting Verizon and Johnson and Johnson to cut ties with YouTube. When the news broke, they tweeted, “this avalanche started with you snowflakes.” While this decision may further vindicate these activists, it’s also increasing pressure on Google to change the advertising model that makes the Sleeping Giants’ work necessary in the first place. In a blog post published Tuesday, Google’s chief business officer, Philipp Schindler, acknowledged that, “Recently, we had a number of cases where brands’ ads appeared on content that was not aligned with their values....That’s why we've been conducting an extensive review of our advertising policies and tools.” He went on to promise that Google would set tougher ad policies in the near future, and give advertisers and agencies greater transparency and control over where their ads are placed. Follow Stories Like This Get the Monitor stories you care about delivered to your inbox. Sign Up × It’s too early to tell how these policies will work and if they’ll keep familiar brands from popping up next to hateful content. But media industry analyst Brian Wieser thinks that Google – which claims more than 30 percent of global online ad revenue and gets 90 percent of its own revenue from ads – has a major incentive to solve the problem. “Eventually, they’ll respond appropriately,” he told The New York Times. “They’re not going to just see a significant business go away.” Give us your feedback, please. Give us your feedback, please. We want to hear, did we miss an angle we should have covered? Should we come back to this topic? Or just give us a rating for this story. We want to hear from you. Your name: Your e-mail address: Your comment: Submit Thank you for contacting The Christian Science Monitor. Next Up Test your knowledge Would Google hire you? 10 test questions to find out By Molly Driscoll Cutting ties with YouTube: A win in the fight against racist web content? By Patrick Reilly First Look Google 'Family Link' gives parents a way to monitor preteens' accounts By Patrick Reilly Photos of the Day Photos of the day 03/28 Our Award-Winning Publication Subscribe to the Monitor's trustworthy weekly review of global news and ideas. SUBSCRIBE Stay Current. Go Far. Discover the Monitor Difference About Contact Us Subscribe E-Readers Advertise With Us Careers Find us online Content Map Text Edition Corrections Reprints & Permissions Multimedia A Christian Science Perspective © The Christian Science Monitor.All Rights Reserved. Terms.Privacy Policy.
make-use-of-logo logo-background menu search search-start close email bookmark facebook google twitter pinterest stumbleupon whatsapp amazon youtube youtube label-rectangle triangle-long down PC & Mobile Windows Mac Linux Android iPhone and iPad Internet Security Programming Lifestyle Technology News Entertainment Productivity Creative Gaming Social Media Self Improvement Hardware Technology Explained Buying Guides Smart Home DIY Product Reviews Deals Giveaways Top Lists About About MakeUseOf Newsletter Advertise Privacy Jobs Chats Search for: Search Popular Topics The Internet Windows iPhone and iPad Android Mac Gaming MakeUseOf 10 Must-Have Chromecast Apps for Watching TV Entertainment 10 Must-Have Chromecast Apps for Watching TV Dan Price Love Silicon Valley? 8 TV Shows You Should Watch on Netflix Entertainment Love Silicon Valley? 8 TV Shows You Should Watch on Netflix Joel Lee Top Deals Search Open Menu Close Menu PC & Mobile Windows Mac Linux Android iPhone and iPad Internet Security Programming Lifestyle Technology News Entertainment Productivity Creative Gaming Social Media Self Improvement Hardware Technology Explained Buying Guides Smart Home DIY Product Reviews Deals Giveaways Top Lists About About MakeUseOf Newsletter Advertise Privacy Jobs Chats Facebook Facebook Facebook Facebook Search for: You Can Now Track Your Friends Using Google Maps Tech News You Can Now Track Your Friends Using Google Maps Dave Parrack March 23, 2017 23-03-2017 2 minutes You Can Now Track Your Friends Using Google Maps Facebook Twitter Pinterest Stumbleupon Whatsapp Email You can now share your real-time location using Google Maps. On the flipside this also means you can track the location of your friends as they go about their business. Most people will love this futuristic functionality, but we have a hunch privacy advocates may not be completely on board. To get the most out of modern technology you have to give up some level of privacy Why Have Americans Given Up On Privacy? Why Have Americans Given Up On Privacy? A recent study by the University of Pennsylvania's Annenberg School for Communication concluded Americans are resigned to giving up data. Why is this, and does it affect more than just Americans? Read More . Google Maps is a case in point. While it’s entirely possible to use the app anonymously, allowing Google Maps to see your location makes it come alive. And Google Maps’ latest trick makes that truer than ever… Google Maps Knows Where You Are Google has added the ability for you to share your real-time location in Google Maps. To do so, simply tap the blue dot that shows where you are right now. Then tap “Share Location” and choose who you want to share your location with, and how long you want to share it with them. You can share your location with your Google contacts, or send a link through your favorite messaging app. Once you have shared your location with a friend, they have the option to reciprocate. This could prove extremely useful if a group of you is planning to meet up in one location but struggling to find it and each other. In terms of timing, you can choose to share your location for anything from 15 minutes or “until you turn it off”. Either way, you’ll see an icon on your own map reminding you you’re sharing your location. Google will also email you regular reminders that you’re sharing your location. Google addresses any privacy concerns right up front, making it clear that you’re always in control of sharing your location. The company has also put various safeguards in place to prevent you from forgetting. However, this is unlikely to appease privacy advocates. This Is a Real-Life Marauder’s Map This ability to track locations in real-time means Google Maps is turning The Marauder’s Map into a reality 9 Magical Harry Potter Gadgets You Could Actually Own 9 Magical Harry Potter Gadgets You Could Actually Own Slowly but surely, science is catching up to the wonders you read about in the wonderful books written by J. K. Rowling. Yes, the Harry Potter universe is almost real. Read More . For the uninitiated among you, The Marauder’s Map is a magical document from Harry Potter which tracks the movements of everybody in the grounds of Hogwarts. Evanesco! Google is rolling out location sharing in Google Maps as we speak, so even if you don’t yet have access to the feature, be assured you will do soon enough. Do you use Google Maps? Do you let it see your location at all times? How do you feel about sharing your real-time location with friends? Does the idea of a real-life Marauder’s Map excite you? Or fill you with dread? Please let us know in the comments below! Previous PostMake Your Ringtone Awesome With Retro Video Game SoundsNext Post12 Offline Smartphone Apps to Keep You Entertained on Your Commute 7 comments Write a Comment Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Mohan Kumar Sree Murwa March 24, 2017 at 6:07 pm More like Latitude which was demised Reply vferg March 24, 2017 at 7:22 pm I was thinking the same thing! I remember using Latitude for a little while when it first released way back in like 2009-2010 and it was great. I remember using it when we traveled in several cars full of people for a roadtrip and it was fun to see just how far ahead or behind someone got on the highway. I wouldn't use this often but for trips with friends or family this is definitely a great feature to keep track. Reply Fitzsip March 23, 2017 at 9:19 pm This would have perfect for a recently holiday. My friends were staying in a hotel on the one side of town while we were in on the other. Had to use pictures of google maps (showing my current location) and whatsapp to figure out which bar we were supposed to be in. It worked but if Google maps are making a feature of this then I'm all for it. It would be a very handy tool to locate which shop the wife is spending all my money in, while i'm still waiting in the car..... Reply PC March 23, 2017 at 4:16 pm Sounds like a more genericized version of the iOS-only Find My Friends feature that I've been using for years. Reply Bill March 23, 2017 at 3:41 pm Why do all you tech websites say "now" when it's actually soon? This feature is NOT available now. It will be available sometime in the future. Maybe even the near future. But not "now". Reply Mike March 23, 2017 at 5:04 pm Thanks for confirming on this! I was frustrated to not see it mine! Reply Fik of Borg March 24, 2017 at 1:03 pm "Now" it has been decided that it will come soon :/ Yesterday I received the update notification and updated maps, but it does not have this feature yet, despite being the most recent version. I guess it also need to be activated server side. Reply Dave Parrack 1444 articles Dave Parrack is a technology journalist from the UK. Growing up at a time when personal computing and the internet were blossoming gave him a fascination with technology that continues to this day. With 10 years experience writing online, he's currently the Tech News writer and Entertainment editor at MakeUseOf.… Advertisement Latest Giveaways Aerix Vidius HD Budget FPV/VR Streaming Drone Aerix Vidius HD Budget FPV/VR Streaming Drone ILIFE A6 Robot Vacuum Review (and Giveaway) ILIFE A6 Robot Vacuum Review (and Giveaway) Xiaomi Yeelight Smart Wi-Fi Light Strip Review & Giveaway Xiaomi Yeelight Smart Wi-Fi Light Strip Review & Giveaway Advertisement Advertisement Affiliate Disclosure: By buying the products we recommend, you help keep the lights on at MakeUseOf. Read more. Subscribe to Our Newsletter Email: Scroll down for the next article © 2017 MakeUseOf. All Rights Reserved.
Reuters - Video Edition: US | UK | IN | CN | JP Editors' Picks Entertainment Technology Business Breakingviews World Davos More Videos video Business Breakingviews TV: Climate winds change - 03:08 South Africa's Gordhan says still finance minister - 01:19 France race: Macron ahead as le Pen argues Frexit - 01:45 China conglomerate considers Forbes stake - 01:33 Amazon buys Souq.com - 01:02 Tesco fined £129m for black hole balance sheet - 01:13 New £1 'most secure coin in the world' - 01:02 Saudi Arabia cuts Aramco tax in IPO sweetener - 01:37 Mixed messages on eve of Brexit - 01:48 Brazil expresses 'relief' over meat ban lift - 01:14 Wall St off as Trump agenda weighed - 01:02 Breakingviews TV: Kushner's business - 03:53 Google backlash widens Thursday, March 23, 2017 - 01:04 Johnson & Johnson joined Verizon and AT&T in suspending digital advertising on Google's YouTube site over concerns their ads run next to offensive videos. Fred Katayama reports. ▲ Hide Transcript ▶ View Transcript The backlash against YouTube widens. American companies are joining British brands in deserting Alphabet's video site. Johnson & Johnson saying Wednesday it's suspending digital advertising on YouTube. This comes one day after Verizon and AT&T did likewise - all three complaining that their ads appear alongside videos promoting offensive content or non-sanctioned sites. Some of those videos carry homophobic or anti-Semitic messages. Jackdaw Research analyst Jan Dawson said, "The bigger risk is this seems to be a backlash against programmatic advertising in general. There's this worry that you no longer have control over where ads appear." Other big brands like Mondelez International say they're monitoring the situation. Google's YouTube first came under fire in Europe from politicians and brands such as British retailer Marks and Spencer Group. Google vowed to overhaul its practices. It said it has begun reviewing its advertising policies. Press CTRL+C (Windows), CMD+C (Mac), or long-press the URL below on your mobile device to copy the code http://reut.rs/2nrKpwI <iframe class="reuters-vidembed" width="700" height="394" src="http://www.reuters.com/assets/iframe/yovideo?videoId=371354966" allowfullscreen></iframe> Close Google backlash widens Thursday, March 23, 2017 - 01:04 Top News » Anti-apartheid icon Kathrada dies after brain... Tue, 28 Mar, 2017 - (0:50) In the UK, women with legs make policy Tue, 28 Mar, 2017 - (1:22) Thousands take shelter as Cyclone Debbie... Tue, 28 Mar, 2017 - (1:04) Diners use sign language at this Indian... Mon, 27 Mar, 2017 - (1:02) INSIGHT: Martial artist headbutts 111 concrete... Tue, 28 Mar, 2017 - (0:56) Thieves steal 100kg gold coin worth millions Mon, 27 Mar, 2017 - (1:09) Pakistan arrests 104 Indian fishermen Mon, 27 Mar, 2017 - (0:49) Family of slain American tourist say he would... Mon, 27 Mar, 2017 - (1:39) Election tests Bulgaria's divided loyalties Mon, 27 Mar, 2017 - (2:02) Navalny appears in court after arrest at... Mon, 27 Mar, 2017 - (0:53) Gunfire in crowded Ohio nightclub kills one,... Mon, 27 Mar, 2017 - (1:19) Yemenis take to streets of Sanaa to mark two... Sun, 26 Mar, 2017 - (0:59) Rough Cuts » GOP on Obamacare repeal: 'We're going to get... Tue, 28 Mar, 2017 - (0:49) "The investigation continues": Nunes Tue, 28 Mar, 2017 - (0:30) Ryan: Nunes should not recuse himself Tue, 28 Mar, 2017 - (0:21) U.S. wiretap allegations have not harmed ties... Tue, 28 Mar, 2017 - (0:44) Turkish PM tells Europe to "mind its own... Tue, 28 Mar, 2017 - (0:36) Paris exhibition shows Picasso's passion Tue, 28 Mar, 2017 - (0:50) U.S. among 40 countries skipping nuclear... Mon, 27 Mar, 2017 - (1:21) Iraqi forces fight fierce street battles near... Mon, 27 Mar, 2017 - (0:59) Navalny appears in court after arrest at... Mon, 27 Mar, 2017 - (0:53) Coalition takes Iraq civilian deaths... Mon, 27 Mar, 2017 - (1:32) Disneyland Paris parade celebrates 25th... Sun, 26 Mar, 2017 - (0:54) Electronics ban goes into effect for U.S. and... Sat, 25 Mar, 2017 - (0:51) Technology » Tel Aviv's trash is being turned into fuel Mon, 27 Mar, 2017 - (1:12) Fashion trending footwear made from recycled... Mon, 27 Mar, 2017 - (1:51) Fully-automated drone has Israeli firm... Mon, 27 Mar, 2017 - (1:40) 'Sound hatred' a genuine problem, say UK... Mon, 27 Mar, 2017 - (2:19) Oil soaking sponge could help clean up serious... Sat, 25 Mar, 2017 - (0:59) Exoskeleton takes the strain off repetitive... Wed, 22 Mar, 2017 - (1:54) Scientists finally figure out why pandas are... Tue, 21 Mar, 2017 - (1:49) Tiny predator is Top Gun of the insect world Tue, 21 Mar, 2017 - (1:48) Swansea Bay tidal lagoon to harness British... Mon, 20 Mar, 2017 - (1:54) Weight loss app aims to trick brain Mon, 20 Mar, 2017 - (2:14) In Hong Kong, pets also wear fitness trackers Fri, 17 Mar, 2017 - (1:05) Could GM moth larvae reduce animal testing? Fri, 17 Mar, 2017 - (2:12) Oddly Enough » Virginia's 'Dr. Doolittle' gives amputated... Tue, 28 Mar, 2017 - (1:56) Fashion trending footwear made from recycled... Mon, 27 Mar, 2017 - (1:51) Baby Dominique born with four legs, now has... Tue, 21 Mar, 2017 - (1:44) Scientists finally figure out why pandas are... Tue, 21 Mar, 2017 - (1:49) Spain's "Fallas" festival ends with burning of... Mon, 20 Mar, 2017 - (1:28) Exhibit features mummies from Egypt and Peru Fri, 17 Mar, 2017 - (1:57) Brits still waiting for full Brexit comedy... Thu, 16 Mar, 2017 - (2:54) Jack Russell faceplants during Crufts Thu, 16 Mar, 2017 - (1:09) New polar bear cub emerges from den Wed, 15 Mar, 2017 - (1:01) Ten points Gryffindor! British Quidditch Cup... Mon, 13 Mar, 2017 - (0:54) Miami the Spaniel crowned Best in Show Mon, 13 Mar, 2017 - (1:06) Berlin's famed polar bear cub Fritz dies Wed, 08 Mar, 2017 - (1:03) Entertainment » From Syria to Detroit, we are all migrants,... Tue, 28 Mar, 2017 - (1:42) Argentina's Macri visits Anne Frank's house in... Tue, 28 Mar, 2017 - (1:22) Captain Cook waistcoat fails to sell at... Tue, 28 Mar, 2017 - (1:21) Paris exhibition shows Picasso's passion Tue, 28 Mar, 2017 - (0:50) Live music brings joy to Russian commuters Mon, 27 Mar, 2017 - (0:56) Fans remember Debbie Reynolds and Carrie... Mon, 27 Mar, 2017 - (1:36) Disneyland Paris parade celebrates 25th... Sun, 26 Mar, 2017 - (0:54) Emma Thompson on her environmental activism Sat, 25 Mar, 2017 - (2:06) Elizabeth Banks on playing 'Power Rangers'... Fri, 24 Mar, 2017 - (1:47) 'Life' finds alien terror within confines of... Fri, 24 Mar, 2017 - (1:50) Fast & Furious stars roll into Bejing Thu, 23 Mar, 2017 - (1:46) Rebooted Power Rangers return to the cinema Thu, 23 Mar, 2017 - (1:59) Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook RSS Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Newsletters | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines | Careers Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines Cookies Terms of Use Privacy Policy
Close Biz & IT Tech Science Policy Cars Gaming & Culture Forums Navigate Videos Features Reviews Ars Approved RSS Feeds Mobile Site About Ars Staff Directory Contact Us Advertise with Ars Reprints Filter by topic Biz & IT Tech Science Policy Cars Gaming & Culture Forums Settings Front page layout Grid List Unified Wide Site theme Black on white White on black Sign in Comment activity Sign up or login to join the discussions! Stay logged in | Having trouble? Sign up to comment and more Sign up Ars Technica UK Latti2ude — Google Maps gets real-time location sharing Google+ kills Google Latitude, Google+ dies, Latitude rises from the ashes. Ron Amadeo - Mar 23, 2017 4:06 pm UTC reader comments 76 Share this story With their permission, contacts will just start showing up on Google Maps. Ways to start location sharing: (left) from the app navigation drawer, and (right) from the menu, you can drag up while navigating somewhere. You can pick how long you want to share your location for, and with whom you want to share it. People you've shared with will get a notification from Google Maps. Location sharing is back in Google Maps. Google announced the addition of "real-time location sharing" to the Android and iOS apps, coming soon to an app store near you. The process seems pretty simple: Open the navigation drawer and press the new "Share Location" button. You'll be able to send a sharing permission to a Google contact or send a link over a messaging app, and you'll be able to pick how long you want to share your location for—permanently or for a set time. Anyone you share to will get a notification from Google Maps, and they'll be able to see your location on the smartphone and Web versions of Google Maps. There's also a "share trip" button you can activate while navigating somewhere, so rather than sending someone an ETA, they can just see you drive around on the map. This feature existed years ago in Google Maps—it was called "Google Latitude" and was great for friends and family. Latitude was killed by the Google+ Monster, taking your contacts' locations away from the primary map interface—Google Maps—and shoving them into an unwanted social network app. Now contact locations are back in the most logical place. Google says that the feature is "rolling out soon worldwide," but we've yet to see it show up on any device. If you don't have it yet, keep waiting. Ron Amadeo Ron is the Reviews Editor at Ars Technica, where he specializes in Android OS and Google products. He is always on the hunt for a new gadget and loves to rip things apart to see how they work. Email ron.amadeo@arstechnica.com // Twitter @RonAmadeo reader comments 76 Share this story You must login or create an account to comment. ← Previous story Next story → Related Stories Sponsored Stories Powered by Today on Ars RSS Feeds View Mobile Site Visit Ars Technica UK About Us Contact Us Staff Advertise with us Reprints WIRED Media Group Use of this Site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement (effective 1/2/14) and Privacy Policy (effective 1/2/14), and Ars Technica Addendum (effective 5/17/2012). Your California Privacy Rights. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast.
TrustedReviews Facebook Twitter Googleplus TVs & Audio Cameras Computing Mobile Home appliances Gaming Huawei Win a custom Xbox GPS & Sat Nav Mobile Apps Mobile Phone Accessories Mobile Phones Tablets Wearables & Fitness Trending: Nintendo Switch Nokia 3310 iPhone 7 Galaxy S8 LG G6 iPhone 8 Home / News / Mobile Phone News / Android O Preview: 8 features you're going to love Android O Preview: 8 features you're going to love by James Laird & Chris Smith 23 March 2017 0 shares Read Comments The first Android 8.0 O preview has landed, so here's everything you need to know, including the best features, latest release date news, name rumours, and how to download the beta, plus which phones are likely to get Android O first. The first version of Android O is now available to developers registered with Google, and while the OS is still in its infancy, there's much to ponder, including lots of cool new features. Here are eight Android O features we're especially excited about, or scroll down for an early idea of the following: When does Android O come out? What will Android O be called? Can I download Android O right now? Which phones will get Android O? 1) Background limits Google is continuing efforts to maximise battery life, which began with Android Nougat. It says it's increased the automatic limits on what apps can do in the background in a number of key areas (broadcasts, background services, location updates). “These changes will make it easier to create apps that have minimal impact on a user's device and battery. Background limits represent a significant change in Android, so we want every developer to get familiar with them,” the blog post reads. 2) Picture-in-Picture As revealed in a recent leak, Google is bringing new PiP (picture-in-picture) features that enable users to continue watching videos while working within other apps; apps will be able to put themselves in PiP mode, Google says. In other words, with Android O, you'll be able to watch YouTube clips while sending boring work emails. Ace. Related: Best Chrome extensions 3) Notification channels Here’s a nice idea: Google is grouping notifications into channels that offer users greater control over app notification categories. “Users can block or change the behavior of each channel individually, rather than managing all of the apps' notifications together,” Google explains. It will also be possible to snooze individual notifications, which, given the persistence of some Android system notifications, will be most welcome. Snoozing will be possible for 15 minutes, 30 minutes or one hour. 4) Autofill APIs Google is bringing your favorite password manager apps in-house, in the same way you can access third-party keyboards. The company writes: “Android users already depend on a range of password managers to auto-fill login details and repetitive information, which makes setting up new apps or placing transactions easier. Now we're making this work more easily available across the ecosystem by adding platform support for auto-fill.” Related: Best Password Manager 5) Adaptive icons Google is adding a feature that will enable developers to use different-shaped app icons depending on the manufacturer’s preference (see the GIF below). What's more, during its initial dive into the preview, Android Police spotted that app icons now support badge notifications in Android O. 6) Better keyboard navigation Google says the arrival of the Play Store on the Google Chrome OS means more users are navigating apps using a physical keyboard. So, in Android O, the company is making improvements to cater for the Chromebook crowd. “In Android O, we focused on building a more reliable, predictable model for "arrow" and "tab" navigation that aids both developers and end-users," Google said. Related: Best web browser 7) Wide colour gamut in imaging apps The makers of imaging apps can now make better use of the delicious new displays built by manufacturers; particularly those handsets with panels supporting a wide gamut colour. "To display wide gamut images, apps will need to enable a flag in their manifest (per activity) and load bitmaps with an embedded wide color profile (Adobe RGB, Pro Photo RGB, DCI-P3, and so on)," Google advises developers. 8) Better audio In Android O, Google is adding the Sony's LDAC codec, which has kindly been donated by the Japanese giant. This should improve upon the Bluetooth A2DP protocol used today. The company is also introducing the AAudio, which could result in improved low-latency audio. The firm says: It's a "new native API that's designed specifically for apps that require high-performance, low-latency audio." The first developer preview will be available on the Nexus 5X, Nexus 6P, Nexus Player, Pixel, Pixel XL and Pixel C devices. “The usual caveats apply: it's early days, there are more features coming, and there's still plenty of stabilisation and performance work ahead of us. But it's booting,” Google added. Those are the coolest Android O features at the moment, but we still have plenty to tell you, starting with... Related: Best cheap phones Android O release date – When does Android O come out? It isn't 100% clear at the moment, but Google has promised to deep-dive into Android O features at Google I/O 2017, so we're expecting to learn more at that time. Google's developer conference will take place from May 17-19, giving Big G more than a month's worth of developer feedback on the current version of Android O. Expect to see Android O exit developer preview mode and enter public beta thereafter. Related: Google I/O 2017 Android O name – What will Android O be called? Right now, we haven't the foggiest, but we do know one thing – it's highly likely you'll be able to have your say. In 2016, with Android Nougat, Google invited the public to suggest names for what was then known simply as Android N – although note that popular candidates such as Android Nutella (too expensive?) and Android New York Cheesecake (too long?) didn't end up seeing the light of day. A similar scenario seems likely for Android O, with lots of interwebbers already vocal in their support for Android Oreo. Wild cards could include Android Oatmeal Cookie, or Google might surprise by fully embracing its holier-than-thou Californian roots and dub its new OS Android Orange. Any thoughts? Head straight to the comments and share away! Related: Best Android phones Android O beta – Can I download it now? While you can download Android O, the version available isn't the official beta – as mentioned above, that's likely to be released at I/O 2017. Right now, you can access only the first developer preview, and Google advises against installing it on your device unless you're actually a developer. Still fancy your chances? To get it on a supported phone or tablet (more on that below), you'll need to manually flash a system image to your device. Note that this removes all data from your device, so be sure to back up first. Not sure how to flash an image? Then it you'd probably be wise to just wait for the beta. Why? Well, glitchy bordering on unusable apps and software is pretty much guaranteed at this stage, and the uninitiated could easily end up bricking their device, or accidentally losing all their data. Plus, depending on the terms of your warranty, it's entirely possible that installing pre-release software voids the terms of your agreement, so unless you know what you're doing, our advice is to err on the side of caution. Those suitably well versed and wanting to plough ahead can find all the necessary Android O downloads and more detailed guides here. As we mentioned above, the first developer preview is limited to the Nexus 5X, Nexus 6P, Nexus Player, Pixel, Pixel XL and Pixel C devices. Related: Google Pixel review Android O phones – When will my phone get Android O? Since Android O is still in development, no phones officially support it, but we do have an idea of the devices it will come to first. In fact, they're the same handsets to which you can download the Android O developer preview. They are: Nexus 5X Nexus 6P Google Pixel Google Pixel XL Notice a theme? Yep, they're all Google own-brand devices, and they're likely to be the first to get access to the final build of Android O later this year. It follows that the first handset to ship with Android O will almost certainly be the Google's Pixel 2 smartphone, which we're expecting to see launch in autumn. After that, it's a bit of a minefield as Android manufacturers look to adapt their in-house software touches and skins to Google's new OS, and timelines for Android O will vary dramatically. However, based on past experience we can say that Moto smartphones – which run virtually stock Android – tend to be front of the queue when it comes to third-party hardware. Related: Best smartphones Is Android O's fledgling feature list floating your boat? Or will you be reserving judgement until Google I/O? Share your thoughts below. 0 shares Read Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Free Newsletter Get TrustedReviews' award-winning reviews, opinions and advice delivered to your inbox for free! By submitting your details, you'll also receive emails from Time Inc. UK, publisher of Trusted Reviews and other iconic brands about its goods and services, and those of its carefully selected third parties. Please tick here if you'd prefer not to hear about: Time Inc.'s goods & services, including all the latest news, great deals and offers Third party goods & services ⩔ Show More Terms & Conditions | Privacy & Cookies Policy More on Trusted Reviews More information - Sitemap| About us| Contact us| Advertise with us Facebook Twitter Googleplus Trusted Reviews is part of the Time Inc. (UK) Ltd Technology Network © Time Inc. (UK) Ltd 2003-2017, All rights reserved| Terms of use| Privacy Policy| Cookie Information Free Newsletter Get TrustedReviews' award-winning reviews and advice delivered to your inbox for free! By submitting your details, you'll also receive emails from Time Inc. UK, publisher of Trusted Reviews and other iconic brands about its goods and services, and those of its carefully selected third parties. Please tick here if you'd prefer not to hear about: Time Inc.'s goods & services, including all the latest news, great deals and offers Third party goods & services ⩔ Show More Terms & Conditions | Privacy & Cookies Policy
Advertisement Edition: UK عربي (Arabi) AR Australia AU Brasil BR Canada CA Deutschland DE España ES France FR Ελλάδα (Greece) GR India IN Italia IT 日本 (Japan) JP 한국 (Korea) KR Maghreb MG México MX Québec (En Francais) QC South Africa ZA United Kingdom UK United States US Front Page NEWS POLITICS LIFESTYLE PARENTS TECH YOUNG VOICES COMEDY ENTERTAINMENT STYLE WHAT'S WORKING BLOGS Advertisement TECH This Beautiful E-Ink 'Magic Calendar' Is A Gadget That Everyone Needs An elegantly brilliant idea. 23/03/2017 16:04 190 Thomas Tamblyn Technology editor, Huffington Post UK This is the Magic Calendar, a gadget that encourages people to organise their lives just as they used to: By having it on the wall of their homes. On the surface it looks just like any other standard paper wall calendar, but hidden behind its minimalist design is a state-of-the-art colour E-ink display. Magic Calendar Using similar technology to that found on your Kindle, the Magic Calendar is a low-powered display that ties into you, and anyone else’s, Google Calendars showing them for all to see. Designed by Kosho Tsuboi Design in Japan, it’s part of Google’s Android Experiments program which encourages designers and engineers to create new ways for us to use technology. The Magic Calendar is a perfect example of this. It’s beautifully simple, serving just one purpose and by focusing on doing one thing it manages to do it effortlessly well. The video below explains perfectly why Magic Calendar exists by showing how a family can become perfectly in sync by displaying each person’s Google Calendar in different colours underneath each day. The video above is in Japanese, so unless you speak the language we’d recommend turning the subtitles on. You simply input an event into your smartphone or desktop calendar as you would normally and as long as it’s synced to Magic Calendar it will immediately appear below that day. Magic Calendar It’s currently only in the prototype stage while the designers work out some of the technical hurdles but they claim they already have a fully-working version and are moving ahead with a finished design. Judging by some design drawings it looks like the calendar would essentially look like a normal picture frame with relative size and thickness to something you’d hang on your wall. Magic Calendar The E-ink display would be integrated within and then two hanging holes on the reverse would make it easy to mount on the wall. In a world where everything has to do at least five different jobs it is refreshing to see such a beautifully designed piece of technology that just does one job, and does it incredibly well. Fingers crossed this gets made. H/T The Verge for discovering this absolute gem The Best Gadgets You Can Buy In 2017 Xbox One S Microsoft If you own a 4K TV and also own an original Xbox One then the Xbox One S is the console for you. It is quite simply Microsoft’s best Xbox ever, it’s also the cheapest 4K Blu-ray player you’ll be able to buy this side of Christmas. Your games collection will look stunning and if you trade in your old console the relatively small cost shouldn’t sting while you wait for Microsoft’s uber-console Project Scorpio to arrive next year. Apple iPhone 7 Apple This is Apple’s best iPhone ever, and if we’re honest it’s one of their most innovative devices yet. Its exceptional camera, combined with with a slim, water-resistant body mean that while it's not a leap in design it is a leap in just about everything else. No it doesn't have a headphone jack, but wireless audio is finally ready. Sky Q Sky Sky Q as a complete package is the future, not just one single feature.It’s knowing that everything you’ve ever recorded is available in every room. It’s knowing that you can download any recorded show onto your iPad. It’s also knowing that every Sky Q box also doubles as a WiFi hotspot.This is where Sky Q makes sense. This is an all-in-one system, it does literally everything. There’s no switching, no painful tinkering, it all neatly fits together and if there’s one thing us humans like it’s everything working just as it should. Google Pixel Google This is Google’s iPhone. It’s that simple. As such there are achievements and compromises. If you’re after an incredibly well-built, powerful Android flagship, Google have given you a truly five-star smartphone. If you’re a photographer, the Pixel’s camera and cloud storage option make this a no brainer. This is Google's first 'made by us' smartphone and it's absolutely brilliant. Hive Active Heating 2 Review Hive If your boiler is compatible and you’re willing to spend the initial £249 (including installation) then Hive is one of the most complete smart home systems we’ve ever seen. While Nest offers third-party accessories like Philips Hue, Hive almost fights back by keeping things simple: If it’s got the Hive logo on it you know it works. Components are reasonably priced and the entire system has been utterly rock solid, we haven’t had a single issue since installation. Amazon Echo Amazon Amazon Echo works best when you have other gadgets that it can utilise such as Hive, Nest or Philips Hue. On its own its an incredibly smart speaker, paired with these other gadgets though and it becomes the fully fledged conduit to your home. It’s also really good at doing homework. Alexa really is the first gadget we actually felt comfortable talking to. Roli Lightpad Block Roli Don't be alarmed by its alien appearance. This is actually one of the most innovative music-making gadgets we've used all year. A large transparent gel-like surface is both touch and pressure sensitive allowing you to create music in a way that's both utterly unique and incredibly intuitive. The accompanying app is properly easy to use and once mastered the Lightpad can become the only tool you need to create an entire song. Apple Watch Series 2 Apple The Series 2 is the complete package. It’s the smartwatch that we feel Apple always wanted to make. It’s a fitness tracker, health monitor and wellness device that’ll help you stay fit and, just as importantly, calm in mind. BeoPlay A2 Active By B&O Play Bang Olufsen At £299 this is not a cheap option, however for that money you’ll get a product that’s just as happy being your main living room speaker as it is keeping you company on a road trip. The sound quality is truly room-filling and at the high standard you would expect for a Bang & Olufson product. The A2 Active is quite simply one of the best Bluetooth speakers you can buy. Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge Samsung The Samsung Galaxy S7 edge is powerful but won’t run out of battery, beautiful yet able to work underwater and capable of transporting you to alien worlds through the medium of virtual reality. If there’s a product that encapsulates all the of the best technologies on offer today it’s this one. Oh and it won't catch fire, so that's nice. PlayStation VR Sony At the moment, if you own a PS4 and are desperately excited to get into virtual reality, PlayStation VR is the only place to start. It’s comfortable, gloriously easy to use and when the hardware and software work in harmony it’s an utterly breathtaking experience. Visceral, emotional and yet entirely accessible, it’s a technological marvel. Bowers & Wilkins P9 Signature Bowers Wilkins Anyone who wants an industry-leading sound but without the usually eye-watering price tag. Yes, these are £699, but when you think that the average audiophile will spend upwards of £1000 on a pair of HiFi-quality headphones these make every bit of sense. They’re B&W’s best headphones ever and they’re quite frankly one of the best pairs of headphones we’ve ever used. PlayStation 4 Pro Sony If you’re looking for an affordable (it costs as much as the original PS4) entry into the world of 4K gaming then the PS4 Pro is a no brainer. Pair it with a 4K HDR TV and games look absolutely astonishing. At present most games are simply being given a new coat of paint but going forward there will be an army of titles designed with this console in mind. OnePlus 3T OnePlus The OnePlus 3T is simply a continuation of the ethos that makes OnePlus phones so good. It’s exceptionally well-built, powerful and offers you everything you could want in an affordable and meaningful package. No smartphone will give you more value for money. Beats by Dre Powerbeats3 Wireless Beats by Dre While Apple's AirPods might have got most of the limelight in the post-iPhone 7 world it's actually Apple-owned Beats who have given us the ultimate solution to the lack of a headphone jack.The Powerbeats3 are ultra-portable, durable, wireless headphones that are a doddle to set up and last for days then we’ve found the pair for you. They sound great, they’re comfy, they’re perfect for sports and they last for days. These are very, very good. Samsung UE49KS9000 Samsung TVs are massive these days. They're also really really expensive. The KS9000 then has a very special place in our hearts because at a very sane 49-inches it's the most living room-friendly TV we've seen in recent years. Oh and because it's part of Samsung's flagship range you're still getting probably one of the best 4K TVs on the market.  Sonos Play:5 (2nd Gen) Sonos While it was released in December of 2015, Sonos' newest speaker has played an undisputedly important role in how we consume music in 2016. This was the year of wireless and Sonos continued to show us that when it comes to ditching those wires, they were one of the best.  Withings Activite Pop Withings This is the anti-fitness tracker of fitness trackers. Boasting a beautifully minimalist design the Pop is all about getting the job done without shouting about it. A simple measurement dial at the bottom shows you varying metrics for how active you're being while Withings' app reveals just how much data is actually being collected. While Fitbit has led the way in Fitness trackers, Withings has been offering even the most resistant consumer a change to start taking better care of themselves./ More: Uk Innovation Computers Consumer Electronics E Ink Google Calendar Suggest a correction Advertisement Suggested For You by Gravity Comments Advertisement Suggested For You Close SUBSCRIBE TO & FOLLOW UK TECH Learn more Newsletter 142 K 17.4 K 22.4 K Podcast Add us on Snapchat Advertisement This Beautiful E-Ink 'Magic Calendar' Is A Gadget That Everyone Needs CONVERSATIONS Advertise RSS Careers FAQ User Agreement Privacy Comment Policy About Us About Our Ads Contact Us Archive "The Huffington Post UK" is provided by AOL (UK) Limited. © 2017 AOL (UK) Limited its affiliates and licensors. Part of HuffPost • HPMG News
News TV TOWIE Loose Women This Morning EastEnders Coronation Street Emmerdale Hollyoaks Pics Lifestyle Beauty Fashion Fit Horoscopes On The Beach Features Mum & Baby Stephanie Davis baby blog Movies Books Theatre Music Win! Competitions The Health Lottery Games Shop Subscribe More Search Become A Fan Follow Us News TV Loose Women This Morning EastEnders Coronation Street Emmerdale Hollyoaks TOWIE Pics Lifestyle Beauty Fashion Fit Horoscopes On The Beach Beauty Awards Features Mum & Baby Stephanie Davis baby blog Movies Books Theatre Music Win! The Health Lottery Competitions Games Shop Subscribe Home > Mum and Baby > You won't BELIEVE what pregnant first time mums are asking Google about their babies 0 You won't BELIEVE what pregnant first time mums are asking Google about their babies BECOMING a mum for the first time can be a wonderful but daunting experience. By Megan Nisbet Thursday, March 23, 2017 The most common questions first time mothers ask Google has been revealed [Getty] For the first time ever you have another little life to look after, a job no amount of classes and books can prepare you for. So that's probably why hundreds of mums have taken to the internet with a handful of questions about their newborn. On average Google receives a monthly total of 11,500 searches about unborn babies and what it takes to be a good parent. And Search Laboratory has unveiled the top ten questions first time mothers are asking Google, they might surprise you. Here's the 10 most common questions new mothers  are asking Google... First time mums have a lot of questions for the internet [Getty] 1. Why is my baby's poo green? Celeb babies make social media debut Thursday, February 16, 2017 1 / 30 Play slideshow Celeb babies make social media debut Thursday, February 16, 2017 1 / 30 Play slideshow Former TOWIE star Kirk Norcross introduces his son on Instagram, Harry Michael Norcross  [Instagram] Chrissy Teigen and John Legend introduce baby Luna to the world a few days after her birth - but they're not the only celeb couple who have introduced their pride and joy to the world via social media. Take a look at these adorable announcements 2. Why is my baby crying? 3. Why is my baby's hair receding? 4. Why does my baby grunt? 5. Why is my baby's nose orange? Related Tess Holliday does glam photoshoot whilst ... Rosie Huntington-Whiteley presents her new ... Billie Faiers admits daughter Nelly is a bit ... Brianne Delcourt back on ice after birth Bar Refaeli pregnant with second child Billie Faiers kickstarted baby Arthur's birth MORE STORIES VIDEO PICS Click Here 6. Why is my baby's forehead cold? 7. Why doesn't my baby blink? 8. Why does my baby have bad breath? 9. How long till my baby's umbilical cord falls off? 10. Why is my baby so windy? he Google searches revealed surprising results [ [Search Laboratory]] We're no medical experts, so we can't give you an answer to all these questions, and if you are worried you should head to your GP, however, we can have a go at explaining a few. Why is my baby's poo green? According to NCT, the colour of baby poo varies when children are newborn. The website states that "some children get to the 'yellow poo' stage sooner than day five to six, and that’s OK. It means your baby is feeding very effectively, and probably taking in more milk. It can be quite surprising the first time you see green poo but rest assured that this is completely normal. The NHS adds that some infant formulas can also make your baby's poo dark green. Why is baby crying? The NHS states the most common reasons for crying are hunger, a dirty or wet nappy, tiredness, wanting a cuddle, wind, being too hot or too cold, boredom or overstimulation. How long till my baby's umbilical cord falls off? According to the NHS, it takes between five and 15 days after your baby is born, the umbilical stump will dry out, turn black and drop off. After the stump comes off, it usually takes about seven to 10 days for the belly button to heal completely. To see the top ten most common questions pregnant mums ask Google, click here. Mum and Baby Lifestyle latest celebrity pics Are TOWIE's James Lock and Yazmin engaged? BACK TO TOP MORE STORIES HOME NEWS TV PICS MUM & BABY LIFESTYLE MOVIES WIN! SHOP FUN THE HEALTH LOTTERY JACKPOT MILLIONS Subscribe to OK! Magazine Advertise at OK! Contact OK! Syndication & Licensing RSS Feeds Sitemap Archive Instagram YouTube OK! Bulgaria OK! China OK! Cyprus OK! Czech Republic OK! Georgia OK! Germany OK! Greece OK! Japan OK! Latvia OK! Mongolia OK! Pakistan OK! Romania OK! Russia OK! Slovakia OK! Thailand OK! United Kingdom OK! Venezuela Copyright ©2016 Northern & Shell Plc. OK! is a registered trade mark of Northern & Shell Worldwide Limited and is used under licence by Northern & Shell Plc. By viewing this site you agree to our Terms & Conditions, Privacy Policy and Cookies. By continuing to use the site, you agree to the use of cookies. You can find out more by following this link. YES, I AGREE
DailyCaller The DC Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Outdoors Deals Issues Blogs Send a Tip Columnists Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas           DailyCaller   Search:     Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Outdoors Deals Daily Dealer Wine Club Issues Defense Education Energy Blogs The Mirror DC Trawler Send a Tip Education   Shutterstock    Students, Professors And Media Start Database To Document ‘Hate’ Rob Shimshock Education Reporter 11:49 AM 03/23/2017      Pinterest  Reddit  LinkedIn  WhatsApp     Share         TOP 5549438 Students, professors and massive media companies from Google News Lab to BuzzFeed News are starting a project to catalog “hate crime and bias incidents.” The initiative, “Documenting Hate,” is led by ProPublica, an investigative news outlet funded by Soros-connected donors. Along with BuzzFeed and Google, ProPublica is partnering with The Guardian, the Southern Poverty Law Center, Univision, The New York Times Opinion section, the University of Miami, and several other organizations. “Right after the election, there were many, many instances of hate speech on Twitter, against different minorities, women, religious groups, and even against Trump supporters,” explains Alberto Cairo, a University of Miami professor. “It got me worried, and it got a lot of other people worried.” Documenting Hate’s website contains links to donate and report “incidents of hate and bias.” However, the project also notes that it is not law enforcement and will not send the report details to police. “The 2016 election left many in America afraid – of intolerance and the violence it can inspire,” says ProPublica. “The need for trustworthy facts on the details and frequency of hate crimes and other incidents born of prejudice has never been more urgent.” “At this point, there is simply no reliable national data on crimes. And no government agency documents lower-level incidents of harassment and intimidation, such as online or real-life bullying.” ProPublica provides some examples of hate, such as anti-Semitic graffiti and “racist online trolling,” but generally uses very ambiguous terms to describe notable incidents of “hate.” The project states that its database will be accessible “with privacy and security restrictions to civil-rights groups and journalists.” ProPublica gives a list of stories of hate crimes. It does not, however, address the numerous hate crime hoaxes that occurred after President Donald Trump’s election or account for the possibility that “hate” of a verbal or graffiti variety are done, not by legitimate bigots, but by attention-seekers intent on sending left-wing media into a frenzy for their own amusement. Follow Rob Shimshock on Twitter Connect with Rob Shimshock on Facebook Send tips to [email protected] . Content created by The Daily Caller News Foundation is available without charge to any eligible news publisher that can provide a large audience. For licensing opportunities of our original content, please contact [email protected] . Tags: BuzzFeed, Donald Trump, Hillary Clinton, ProPublica, The Guardian, The New York Times, Univision Hide Comments   Show comments Loading, please wait... Sections Politics US Opinion Entertainment World Business Sports Tech Featured Partners Columns Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas Corporate About Us Advertise With Us Employment Terms Of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ © Copyright 2010 - 2017 | The Daily Caller
PCMagLogo.2016 Reviews Reviews Android Apps Cameras Cars Desktops Drones Editors' Choice Gaming Headphones Health & Fitness iPad Apps iPhone Apps Keyboards Laptops Mice Monitors Phones Printers Projectors Routers Scanners Security Software Smart Home Software Speakers Storage Tablets TVs Virtual Reality Wearables All Reviews Best Picks Best Picks Best Android Apps Best Antivirus Software Best Cameras Best Desktops Under $500 Best Drones Best Fitness Trackers Best Hard Drives Best iPhone Apps Best iPhone Cases Best Laptops Best Monitors Best Password Managers Best PC Games Best Phones Best Printers Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Cases Best Tablets Best Wireless Routers Editors' Choice All Categories How-To How-To All Categories How to Block a Number on Any Phone How to Build a Computer How to Build Your Smart Home How to Clear Cache How to Connect Your iPhone to Your TV How to Create an Anonymous Email Account How to Create an App How to Edit a PDF How to Get iOS 10 How to Hack Wi-Fi Passwords How to Save Money on Your Cell Phone Plan How to Take a Screenshot How to Set Up and Configure Your Wireless Router How to Use Apple Pay News News All News Fastest ISPS Features Readers' Choice Business Choice Opinions Fastest Mobile Networks Tips Tips All Tips Tips to Speed Up Windows Tips Every Amazon Addict Should Know Android Marshmallow Tips Apple TV Tips Chrome Tips Chromecast Tips Facebook Tips Fitbit Tips Gmail Tips Google Drive Tips Google Search Tips Netflix Binge Watching Tips Roku Tips WiFi Booster Tips Yahoo Mail Tips Business Business All Categories Business Software Index Enterprise Small Business Startup Spotlight Explore Accounting & Taxes Back Best Expense Report Software 2016 Best Online Accounting Services 2016 Best Online Tax Preparation Software 2016 FreshBooks QuickBooks Online Plus TaxACT Online Plus Review TurboTax 2016 Review Antivirus, Safety & Security Back Avast Free Antivirus AVG Avira Best SaaS Endpoint Protection Software 2016 Best Security Suites 2016 Bitdefender Antivirus Plus Review 2016 Free Antivirus Kaspersky Antivirus Kaspersky Internet Security McAfee Symantec Norton Security Premium Review Webroot SecureAnywhere AntiVirus Review 2016 Windows Defender Browsers & Operating Systems Back Chrome Firefox Internet Explorer 11 macOS Sierra Beta Opera Microsoft Edge Tor Browser Windows 10 Business & Office Back Agiloft Review Best Application Performance Management Tools 2016 Best Asset Management Services 2016 Best Contract Management Software 2016 Best CRM Software of 2016 Best Email Marketing Software 2016 Best Help Desk Software 2016 Best HR Software & Management Systems of 2016 Best Idea Management Software 2016 Best Membership Management Software 2016 Best Network Monitoring Software 2016 Best Online Collaboration Software 2016 Best Online Survey Tools 2016 Best Project Management Software of 2016 Best Self-Service Business Intelligence (BI) Tools 2016 Best Social Media Management & Analytics Tools 2016 Best Video Conferencing Services 2016 Campaign Monitor Review What is Cloud Computing? Constant Contact Review Join.Me Review LiquidPlanner Review Microsoft Office 2016 Review Microsoft Office For Mac Review Microsoft Office 365 Review Vivantio Pro Review Wrike Review Zoho Projects Review Cameras & Photo/Video Editing Back Best Action Cameras of 2016 Best Digital Cameras of 2016 Best Photo Scanners 2016 Best Scanners of 2016 Best Video Editing Software for Enthusiasts GoPro Hero 4 Silver Mirrorless Camera Photoshop Elements Underwater Camera Video Editing Software Carriers & Providers Back Boost Mobile Dish Network Metro PCS Safelink Straight Talk Cases & Covers Back Best iPhone 6 Plus Cases Best iPhone SE Cases Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Cases Best All-in-One PCs Best Desktop Computers of 2016 Best Gaming Desktops 2016 Top 10 Desktops Under $500 Desktops Back Best All-in-One PCs Best Desktop Computers of 2016 Best Gaming Desktops 2016 Top 10 Desktops Under $500 Smart Home & Wearables Back Apple Watch Bands Best Smart Home Security Systems 2016 Best Smartwatches 2016 Best Home Security Cameras 2016 Doorbell Camera Fitbit Alta Fitbit Blaze Fitbit Surge Garmin Vivoactive Garmin Vivosmart HR IFTTT Nest Cam Roomba SimpliSafe Trackr DNA Testing Back 23andMe AncestryDNA Drones Back Best Drones Drone Regulations Ebooks Back The Best eReaders of 2016 How to Get Free eBooks Kindle Oasis Kindle Paperwhite Education Back Absorb LMS Review Best Language-Learning Software 2016 Best LMS of 2016 Grovo LMS Review Lynda Udemy Games Back Android Games iPhone Games Nintendo 3DS Games PC Games PS4 Games Xbox One Games Wii U Games Hard Drives, Storage, Networking & Backup Back Amazon Cloud Drive Review Best Cloud Storage & Syncing Best External Hard Drives 2016 Dropbox Review Eero Review IDrive Review Microsoft Onedrive Review Headphones Back Beats Headphones Beats Solo 2 Best Bluetooth Headphones Best Bluetooth Headsets Best Bluetooth Speakers Best Headphones 2016 Best In-Ear Headphones 2016 Best Noise-Canceling Headphones 2016 Bluetooth Headset Reviews Jaybird X2 Powerbeats2 Wireless Keyboards, Mice, Monitors & Speakers Back Best Business Monitors 2016 Best Computer Mice 2016 Best Computer Monitors 2016 Best Computer Speakers 2016 Best Gaming Keyboards of 2016 Best Gaming Monitors 2016 Best Keyboards 2016 Best Wireless Speakers 2016 Bose Soundlink JBL Flip 3 Laptops Back Best Budget Laptops 2016 Best Business Laptops 2016 Best Chromebooks 2016 Best Dell Laptops Best Gaming Laptops of 2016 Best Laptops Best Laptops for College Students Best Laptops Under $500 Best Lenovo Laptops 2016 Dell XPS 13 Dell XPS 15 Printers Back 3D Printer Best Inkjet Printers 2016 Best Laser Printers 2016 Best Wireless Printers 2016 Printers Search & Shopping Back Amazon Prime Cost Amazon Prime Now Amazon Prime Pantry Bing Square Cash App Google Search Tips Google Wallet Shows, Events & Holiday Back Back to School Tech E3 Fathers Day Holiday Gift Guide Tech News Phones Back Asus Zenfone 2 Laser Best Android Phone Best Unlocked Phones Droid Maxx 2 CDMA vs. GSM Huawei Honor 5X HTC Desire 626 Huawei P8 Lite iPhone 6 vs. 6s Nokia Lumia Samsung Galaxy J3 Samsung Galaxy S7 Samsung J7 Samsung S7 Sony Xperia Tablets Back Best Android Tablets 2016 Best Tablets of 2016 Best Windows Tablets iPad iPad Mini 4 Surface Pro TVs & Streaming Media Back Amazon Prime Video Amazon Fire Stick Best Media Streaming Devices of 2016 Best Podcasts Best Projectors 2016 Best TVs of 2016 Chromecast Google Play Music Hulu MP3 Netflix Pandora Radio Playstation Vue Roku 2 Roku Streaming Stick Slacker Radio Spotify Utilities Back Adobe Acrobat Pro Advanced SystemCare Best Password Managers for 2016 Best Tune-Up Utilities 2016 Download YouTube Evernote (Web) Google Image Search Iolo System Mechanic 15.5 Review LastPass Never10 SlimWare Utilities SlimCleaner Plus Review Virtual Reality Back Oculus Rift The Best VR Headset VoIP Back Best VoIP Services 2016 RingCentral Office (for Business) Review Vonage Review VPN Back Best VPN Services 2016 Best Free VPN Hotspot Shield NordVPN Review Private Internet Access Web Hosting Back 1&1 Web Hosting Review Best Cheap Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Managed WordPress Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Shared Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Small Business Web Hosting Services 2016 Best VPS Web Hosting Services for 2016 Bluehost Review Dreamhost Web Hosting Review Hostgator Review Hostwinds Web Hosting Review InMotion Web Hosting Review Coupons Subscribe Subscribe Nav_Assets Facebook Twitter Search Search for Close Arrow_Path PCMagPicks WhatsAppBackdoor GalaxyNote7Returns AndroidO NetflixTips Menu Subscribe Home/ Reviews/ Software/ Internet/ Verizon, AT&T Pull Ads From YouTube Over Offensive Content Verizon, AT&T Pull Ads From YouTube Over Offensive Content By Angela Moscaritolo March 23, 2017 09:36am EST 10 Comments AT&T and Verizon are no longer advertising on Google's video platform after discovering their ads may have appeared next to horrible, offensive content. Two major US companies have pulled their advertisements from YouTube after discovering their ads may have appeared next to horrible, offensive content. As was first reported by Variety, AT&T and Verizon are no longer advertising on Google's video platform, at least for the time being. "We are deeply concerned that our ads may have appeared alongside YouTube content promoting terrorism and hate," AT&T said in a statement to PCMag. "Until Google can ensure this won't happen again, we are removing our ads from Google's non-search platforms." Verizon, meanwhile, has pulled its ads from both YouTube and Google's "non-search ad networks," Variety reported. Verizon in its statement to PCMag didn't mention Google by name, but alluded to the controversy. "We take careful measure to ensure our brand is not impacted negatively," Verizon wrote. "Once we were notified that our ads were appearing on non-sanctioned websites, we took immediate action to suspend this type of ad placement and launched an investigation. We are working with all of our digital advertising partners to understand the weak links so we can prevent this from happening in the future." AT&T and Verizon are following the lead of the British government, which recently pulled millions of dollars worth of advertising from YouTube after an investigation by The Times of London found that the government's ads were showing up alongside videos from "rape apologists, anti-Semites, and banned hate preachers." Related Fighting ISIS, One YouTube Ad at a Time Fighting ISIS, One YouTube Ad at a Time Google last week pledged to more closely monitor advertisements that appear alongside YouTube videos, and give brands more control over where their ads appear. The company this week took the first steps to make good on that pledge, promising to "more effectively" remove ads from content that is "attacking or harassing people based on their race, religion, gender or similar categories." The Web giant said it plans to introduce new tools in the coming days and months to help advertisers more easily manage where their ads appear across YouTube and the Web. In a statement to PCMag, Google declined to comment on AT&T and Verizon's decisions to pull their ads from YouTube, but reiterated its promise to correct the problem. "We don't comment on individual customers but as announced, we've begun an extensive review of our advertising policies and have made a public commitment to put in place changes that give brands more control over where their ads appear," a Google spokesperson wrote. "We're also raising the bar for our ads policies to further safeguard our advertisers' brands." Back to top Previous : Everything Leaving Netflix in April Instagram Blurs Out 'Sensitive' Photos Next : By Angela Moscaritolo Reporter Angela has been a PCMag reporter since January 2012. Prior to joining the team, she worked as a reporter for SC Magazine, covering everything related to hackers and computer security. Angela has also written for The Northern Valley Suburbanite in New Jersey, The Dominion Post in West Virginia, and the Uniontown-Herald Standard in Pennsylvania. She is a graduate of West Virginia University's Perely Isaac Reed School of Journalism. More » More Stories by Angela Play 4K Videos on PS4 Pro Media Player App The update will begin rolling out today; once it reaches your system, you'll be able to view any 4K ... More » Share Your 'Live Location' Via Facebook Messenger Once you share your Live Location, the person or people you shared it with will be able to see where... More » T-Mobile Adds AppleCare to Device Protection Plan For those with an eligible iPhone or iPad, the service offers access to AppleCare technical support ... More » See More + Comments Login or Register Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus //Most Popular Articles The Best Amazon Alexa Skills Everything Leaving Netflix in April New iPad vs. iPad Pro 9.7-Inch: Apple Tablet Showdown Two-Factor Authentication: Who Has It and How to Set It Up The Coolest Cases, Mounts, and Stands for Amazon Echo 23 Cool Tricks and Secret Gems Inside Facebook Messenger »See More //Discover... Meet the Robots Who Are Scarily Close to Being Human 22 Things You Didn't Know Your Chromecast Could Do 13 Secret Codes That Unlock Hidden Features on Your Phone »See More About Connect Ziff Davis Sites Subscribe Social About Us Site Map Privacy Policy Terms of Use Advertise Accessibility Statement PCMag Digital Edition Newsletters RSS Feeds Encyclopedia Contact Us AskMen Computer Shopper ExtremeTech Geek IGN TechBargains Toolbox Offers.com Speedtest.net PC/Mac Apple iOS Amazon Kindle Google Android Customer Service SOCIAL Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google+ Instagram © 1996-2017 Ziff Davis, LLC. PCMag Digital Group PC, PC Magazine and PC PCMag.com are among the federally registered trademarks of Ziff Davis, LLC and may not be used by third parties without explicit permission. unused
My Cart (0) Member Login | About Us | Become a Member | Contact Us Real Time Most Recent Articles Podcasts Newsletters Jobs Store Discussion Forum Topics Formats Articles Podcasts Online Seminars Tutorials Guides and Reports Tools Show All » Topics Most Recent Advertising Brand Management Career Management Content Customer Behavior Customer Relationships Email Marketing General Management Graphic Design Market Research Marketing Strategy Metrics & ROI Mobile Non-Profit Pricing Public Relations Sales Search Engine Marketing Segmentation Social Media Web Sites Word-of-Mouth Writing More Marketing Topics » Training MarketingProfs University PRO Membership MarketingProfs Enterprise Solutions See All » Events Schedule of Events Upcoming Conferences Online Seminars Virtual Conference Series Join Now Membership Benefits Products and ServicesJoin Now Login Topics Articles Podcasts Online Seminars Tutorials Guides and Reports Tools Real-World Education for Modern Marketers Join Over 600,000 Marketing Professionals Start here! N E X T Email Print Save Text:  A A A Future-Proof Way to Monetize Content in an Ad-Averse, Mobile-First World by Claudia Pennington  |   March 23, 2017  |  686 views Tweet Kindle Email Top Interstitials and algorithm changes. Ad blockers. Accelerated Mobile Pages (AMPs). Publishers have mountains to climb in trying to reach their audiences in this mobile-first world. Intrusive interstitials will all but be eliminated due to Google's forthcoming algorithm change. Ad blockers are used by at least 25% of mobile users. Google's Accelerated Mobile Pages, which were previously limited to a carousel atop the mobile search engine results page (SERP) are now scattered throughout the results. Gone is the "mobile friendly" label; in its place is the "AMP" designation. With the rapid adoption of AMP and the push to be a mobile-first world, this major change in the SERP for mobile users comes as no surprise. Yet the full impact of AMP on the purchase funnel has not been realized. Publishers continue to struggle with declines in traffic and revenue upon AMP deployment, problems that are likely to worsen with more AMP results in the SERP. Display Advertising Hurdles According to Digital Trends, as many as 25% of smartphone users have ad blockers enabled on their phones, a number that is likely to continue trending upward. Of the display ads that mobile phone users are seeing, as many as half of display ad clicks are in error, recent studies show; that inflates any metrics advertisers use to assess campaign performance. Between ad blockers and these clicks in error, it is difficult for advertisers and publishers to appropriately report on and account for display ad revenue. Finally, we have the AMP hurdle. As you can see in the following screenshot of an AMP from CNN, my quick scrolling through an article passed over a display ad that did not load. Since I do not use ad blockers, it is apparent that loading third-party ads is another hurdle for publishers. Users who expect a website to load in a few seconds are likely to skip over display ads that don't load, such as in that example. Prior to widespread adoption of the AMP format, publishers reported that revenue from display ads is either stagnant or in decline, according to a survey published in October 2015 by eConsultancy. Should publishers investigate display ad revenue for AMPs versus desktop and mobile versions of the same article, they are likely to see the situation worsen. How Publishers Can Respond and Monetize Slow-loading display ads, AMPs, and ad blockers combine to become a kind of perfect storm for publishers who depend on revenue from display ads. Attempts to add paywalls or premium options likely will not fill the gap. According to the NiemanLab, Millennials are willing to pay for digital content, but not necessarily for the news. In the face of this cultural shift, freemium content and paywalls are relics from an early-2000s model that needs to be replaced. Publishers need a future-proof way to monetize content that will not rely on outdated gating strategies or display ads. Publishers must take a deep dive into their data to foster a greater understanding of who their audience members are and what those audiences need and want. Publishers should also make content audits a priority. What pieces of content are consumed most often? Which topics could be eliminated in an effort to focus on that which audiences desire most? With a thorough review of analytics, demographics, and psychographics, publishers can respond by making every piece of content worth the investment required for production and consumption. Ensuring each piece of content meets the needs of the target audience supports the logical next step: distilling articles, broadcast emails, podcast episodes, tips, tricks, and best-practices into original products. Audience data and analytics could also shine a light on third-party products with affiliate program that are likely to convert well. Affiliate programs can be a good source of revenue in the interim while working to create new products, and affiliate program purchases provide even more data on what audiences may or may not be interested in. Because publishers lack control over affiliate programs and third-party products, they are best used to meet short-term revenue goals rather than being used for long-term monetization strategies. All of that data about an audience, the content they consume, and the affiliate programs they use combine to set the stage for new products that clearly align with the brand, the mission, and the message for a publication. While creating new products, publishers can set the stage for their audiences with their existing purchase funnels through an examination of some of the following questions: What's the incentive you offer new audience members? What's the engagement rate with this incentive? What's the upsell when they engage? What's the downsell when they decline? Additional incentives and upsells that align with new monetization strategies can be added to the funnel while new products are under development. Incentives and upsells are great ways to test new products so that one can avoid spending time and money on products the target audience is not interested in. Entrepreneur is an excellent model for monetization that publishers should examine. With its website, books, coaching sessions, lending program, and an annual conference, Entrepreneur demonstrates the responsiveness required to monetize today. Aspiring entrepreneurs enter the funnel on a free piece of content and can be upsold on an e-book or a magazine subscription. Conferences bring content into the real world, helping Entrepreneur create customers for life. To jump those hurdles introduced by ad blockers, AMPs, and any other algorithm changes that we are not yet privy to, it is imperative for publishers to consider their long-range plans: value-add products that have the potential to create lifelong customers. Join over 600,000 marketing professionals, and gain access to thousands of marketing resources! Don't worry ... it's FREE! WANT TO READ MORE? SIGN UP TODAY ... IT'S FREE! Work email: We will never sell or rent your email address to anyone. We value your privacy. (We hate spam as much as you do.) See our privacy policy. Sign in with one of your preferred accounts below: Loading... Claudia Pennington is a digital marketer, trainer, and speaker, and the CEO of Side Hustle LLC. Twitter: @seoauditguide LinkedIn: Claudia Pennington Tweet Advertising, Content, Google, Mobile Marketing, Publishing, Search Engines, SEO You may also like What the Rise of Virtual Reality Means for Marketing [Animated ... Marketing Video: SEO Basics and Quick Tips How to Become a Guest-Post Contributor to Industry Websites and ... Average Salaries of Common Inbound Marketing and SEO Jobs #SocialSkim: Facebook Clones Snapchat (Again), Google vs. Slack: ... Which TV Channels Are Consumers Willing to Pay For? The Future of Healthcare Marketing: Lessons for All Marketers How LinkedIn Uses LinkedIn for Marketing: The Secret Sauce ... The Chief Content Officer Is Dead; Long Live Content Marketing The New 'SEO': Five Ingredients for a Profitable Search ... #SocialSkim: Facebook's Scripted TV-Like Series and Like ... Your Brain on Video: Use Emotions to Tell Your Brand Story ... Three Steps for Crafting More-Personalized and Better-Performing ... The Top Digital Channels for Generating B2B Leads JavaScript required to submit ratings... Rate this   Log in to add a rating Overall rating 1 rating(s) Add a Comment Comments by Charly Mon Mar 27, 2017 via web Alternative income streams are always good, and the message of not putting all eggs into one basket is especialy true when it comes to the income topic. Thanks Claudia for sharing your opinion. Subscribe Today IT'S FREE! Become a member to get the tools and knowledge you need to market smarter. we respect your privacy. Stay connected! Don't miss a bit of MarketingProfs ... join the 600,000 marketers following us. Most Popular How-to Articles Content Marketing and Customer Acquisition: How to Calculate ... by Mo Harake The Most Effective Tactics for Growing Email Lists by Ayaz Nanji The Chief Content Officer Is Dead; Long Live Content Marketing by Pawan Deshpande The New 'SEO': Five Ingredients for a Profitable Search ... by Nick Chasinov Demographics of the Top 7 Social Networks [Infographic] by Laura Forer See more marketing articles » Editors' PRO Picks Seminar: Create Meaningful Experiences for Your Brand Brian Solis shares why great products, creative marketing, and delightful customer service are no longer enough to win customers. more Take 10: How to Leverage Your Online Community Presented by: Paul Chaney In just 10 minutes, we'll share six practical tips that will help you tap into your online community to grow your business and benefit your customers. more How-To Guide: Build Your Content Marketing Dream Team In this 22-page guide, you'll learn how to identify the key hires to get your team started, what traits and skills to look for in your key hires, how to manage freelancers, and much more! more SmartTools: Email Campaign Planner Through eight simple to follow, well-defined steps, SmartTools: Email Campaign Planner will help you establish an effective email marketing program to gather and convert leads. more How-To-Guide: The Perfect Pitch: Hit a Home Run With Every Headline, Subject Line, and Call to Action Learn how to write headlines that will inspire your audience to read and want more. more Seminar: SEO—How Customer Experience Impacts Search Learn the most important elements of, and key changes in, customer search behavior. We'll also cover how to drive conversations through SEO, content, and social media. more Take 10: Three Steps for Using Influencer Video to Increase Your Bottom Line Presented by: Mark Lerner In just 10 minutes, you'll learn three simple steps to source quality influencer video and use it to impact your bottom line in a meaningful and measurable way. more   MarketingProfs uses single sign-on with Facebook, Twitter, Google and others to make subscribing and signing in easier for you. That's it, and nothing more! Rest assured that MarketingProfs: • will not provide your social data to 3rd parties • will not contact friends on your network • will not post messages on your behalf • will not interact with your social accounts Your data is secure with MarketingProfs SocialSafe! What's new on MarketingProfs? How to Use Events to Create Cross-Channel Marketing Success ... 3/28/2017 at 10:00 AM Marketing Strategy Own Your Interview: Nine Questions Every Content-Writing Candidate ... 3/28/2017 at 10:00 AM Career Management Facebook Advertising Benchmarks for 18 Industries [Infographic] 3/28/2017 at 9:00 AM Social Media Seven Steps to Turn Browsers Into Buyers: Improve Website Revenue ... 3/27/2017 at 10:00 AM Web Sites Content Marketing and Customer Acquisition: How to Calculate Your ... 3/27/2017 at 10:00 AM Metrics & ROI The Most Effective Tactics for Growing Email Lists 3/27/2017 at 9:00 AM Email Marketing #SocialSkim: Apple Takes On Snapchat, LinkedIn Beefs Up Lead ... 3/25/2017 at 10:00 AM Social Media Email Design Trends: Past, Present, and Future [Infographic] 3/24/2017 at 10:00 AM Email Marketing The Anatomy of a Multichannel Welcome Series for Nonprofits (and ... 3/24/2017 at 10:00 AM Non-Profit Family-Travel Search Trends: Most Popular Dates and Keywords 3/24/2017 at 9:00 AM Search Engine Marketing Technical SEO 101: Get Your Websites Ranked on Google [Infographic] 3/23/2017 at 10:00 AM Search Engine Marketing Four Pros and Cons of Outsourcing Your Marketing 3/23/2017 at 10:00 AM Marketing Strategy A Future-Proof Way to Monetize Content in an Ad-Averse, Mobile-First ... 3/23/2017 at 10:00 AM Content The Most Popular Social Networks With Millennials, Gen X, and Baby ... 3/23/2017 at 9:00 AM Social Media What the Rise of Virtual Reality Means for Marketing [Animated ... 3/22/2017 at 10:00 AM Marketing Strategy Creating Tinseltown-Worthy Branded Video Content: Vern Oakley on ... 3/22/2017 at 10:00 AM Content Seven SMS Best-Practices and Tips for Marketers 3/22/2017 at 10:00 AM Mobile The 10 Companies With the Best Reputations Worldwide 3/22/2017 at 9:00 AM Brand Management Is Artificial Intelligence Right for Your Business? Implementing AI ... 3/21/2017 at 10:00 AM Marketing Strategy Five Ways to Drive Engagement and Sales With Tradeshow Marketing 3/21/2017 at 10:00 AM Sales Resources MarketingProfs University What's New How-To Articles Case Studies Online Marketing Seminars Guides and Reports Store Newsletters MarketingProfs Mobile Apps Community Conferences and Events Discussion Forum Member Benefits Testimonials Join the Community Follow Us on Twitter Company About Us Executive Team Write For Us Speak For Us Advertise With Us Affiliate Program Licensing/Republishing RSS/Syndication Partners Privacy Refund Policy Contact Us Marketing Topics Advertising Brand Management Career Management Content Customer Behavior Customer Relationships Email Marketing General Management Graphic Design Market Research Metrics & ROI Mobile Non-Profit Pricing Public Relations Sales Search Engine Marketing Segmentation Social Media Strategy Web Sites Word-of-Mouth Writing More Topics » Copyright © 2000-2017 MarketingProfs LLC. All rights reserved. Terms of use.
My Cart (0) Member Login | About Us | Become a Member | Contact Us Real Time Most Recent Articles Podcasts Newsletters Jobs Store Discussion Forum Topics Formats Articles Podcasts Online Seminars Tutorials Guides and Reports Tools Show All » Topics Most Recent Advertising Brand Management Career Management Content Customer Behavior Customer Relationships Email Marketing General Management Graphic Design Market Research Marketing Strategy Metrics & ROI Mobile Non-Profit Pricing Public Relations Sales Search Engine Marketing Segmentation Social Media Web Sites Word-of-Mouth Writing More Marketing Topics » Training MarketingProfs University PRO Membership MarketingProfs Enterprise Solutions See All » Events Schedule of Events Upcoming Conferences Online Seminars Virtual Conference Series Join Now Membership Benefits Products and ServicesJoin Now Login Topics Articles Podcasts Online Seminars Tutorials Guides and Reports Tools Real-World Education for Modern Marketers Join Over 600,000 Marketing Professionals Start here! N E X T Email Print Save Text:  A A Technical SEO 101: Get Your Websites Ranked on Google [Infographic] by Laura Forer  |   March 23, 2017  |  2,087 views Tweet Kindle Email Top We've written about trends in SEO and Google's search algorithm updates, and today's infographic continues our SEO theme by focusing on the technical aspects of the practice, thanks to an infographic released by Ice Cube Marketing. The architecture of your website is key in helping Google crawl your site easily, and the infographic outlines the structure your website should follow. The infographic also explains tools that are available to help your SEO efforts, such as Google Webmaster Tools, PageSpeed insights, and Screaming Frog. And it lays out clear do's and don'ts, such as do make your website mobile-friendly, and don't include intrusive interstitials. To see how you can tackle technical SEO for your website, check out the infographic: Join over 600,000 marketing professionals, and gain access to thousands of marketing resources! Don't worry ... it's FREE! WANT TO READ MORE? SIGN UP TODAY ... IT'S FREE! Work email: We will never sell or rent your email address to anyone. We value your privacy. (We hate spam as much as you do.) See our privacy policy. Sign in with one of your preferred accounts below: Loading... Laura Forer is the manager of MarketingProfs: Made to Order, Original Content Services, which helps clients generate leads, drive site traffic, and build their brands through useful, well-designed content. LinkedIn: Laura Forer Tweet Content, Mobile Marketing, Search Engine Marketing, SEO, Websites You may also like Family-Travel Search Trends: Most Popular Dates and Keywords Marketing Video: SEO Basics and Quick Tips Average Salaries of Common Inbound Marketing and SEO Jobs The New 'SEO': Five Ingredients for a Profitable Search ... Eight SEO Trends to Expect in 2017 [Infographic] Google's Biggest Search Algorithm Updates of 2016 [Animated ... Valentine's Day Search Trends Who Searches on Bing, and Why They're Important for Marketers ... The Ultimate Local SEO Guide [Infographic] The Most Important Google Search Rank Factors [Infographic] The Most Effective SEO Tactics Goodbye Google Keyword Planner, Hello Keyword Research Using PPC Useful SEO Content Tactics for a Successful 2017 Five Even More Buzzworthy SEO Trends You Need to Know in 2017 JavaScript required to submit ratings... Rate this   Log in to add a rating Overall rating 2 rating(s) Add a Comment Comments by Elizabeth Greenberg Thu Mar 23, 2017 via web I love how this infographic is broken down. Very clear and easy to follow. I look forward to sharing it with my own audience as well as our company's. I think the "Tools" section could be its own infographic will the array of free and paid tools to help business owners and IT departments manage their site SEO. by Chad Thu Mar 23, 2017 via mobile I agree Elizabeth, there are a ton of good tools out there to help with the on-page stuff. I recently released a completely customizable audit tool for agencies that can be configured to check for most of these metrics. It's called scannerizer, I'd love for you to check it out! Subscribe Today IT'S FREE! Become a member to get the tools and knowledge you need to market smarter. we respect your privacy. Stay connected! Don't miss a bit of MarketingProfs ... join the 600,000 marketers following us. Most Popular How-to Articles Content Marketing and Customer Acquisition: How to Calculate ... by Mo Harake The Most Effective Tactics for Growing Email Lists by Ayaz Nanji The Chief Content Officer Is Dead; Long Live Content Marketing by Pawan Deshpande The New 'SEO': Five Ingredients for a Profitable Search ... by Nick Chasinov Demographics of the Top 7 Social Networks [Infographic] by Laura Forer See more marketing articles » Editors' PRO Picks Seminar: Create Meaningful Experiences for Your Brand Brian Solis shares why great products, creative marketing, and delightful customer service are no longer enough to win customers. more Take 10: How to Leverage Your Online Community Presented by: Paul Chaney In just 10 minutes, we'll share six practical tips that will help you tap into your online community to grow your business and benefit your customers. more How-To Guide: Build Your Content Marketing Dream Team In this 22-page guide, you'll learn how to identify the key hires to get your team started, what traits and skills to look for in your key hires, how to manage freelancers, and much more! more SmartTools: Email Campaign Planner Through eight simple to follow, well-defined steps, SmartTools: Email Campaign Planner will help you establish an effective email marketing program to gather and convert leads. more How-To-Guide: The Perfect Pitch: Hit a Home Run With Every Headline, Subject Line, and Call to Action Learn how to write headlines that will inspire your audience to read and want more. more Seminar: SEO—How Customer Experience Impacts Search Learn the most important elements of, and key changes in, customer search behavior. We'll also cover how to drive conversations through SEO, content, and social media. more Take 10: Three Steps for Using Influencer Video to Increase Your Bottom Line Presented by: Mark Lerner In just 10 minutes, you'll learn three simple steps to source quality influencer video and use it to impact your bottom line in a meaningful and measurable way. more   MarketingProfs uses single sign-on with Facebook, Twitter, Google and others to make subscribing and signing in easier for you. That's it, and nothing more! Rest assured that MarketingProfs: • will not provide your social data to 3rd parties • will not contact friends on your network • will not post messages on your behalf • will not interact with your social accounts Your data is secure with MarketingProfs SocialSafe! What's new on MarketingProfs? How to Use Events to Create Cross-Channel Marketing Success ... 3/28/2017 at 10:00 AM Marketing Strategy Own Your Interview: Nine Questions Every Content-Writing Candidate ... 3/28/2017 at 10:00 AM Career Management Facebook Advertising Benchmarks for 18 Industries [Infographic] 3/28/2017 at 9:00 AM Social Media Seven Steps to Turn Browsers Into Buyers: Improve Website Revenue ... 3/27/2017 at 10:00 AM Web Sites Content Marketing and Customer Acquisition: How to Calculate Your ... 3/27/2017 at 10:00 AM Metrics & ROI The Most Effective Tactics for Growing Email Lists 3/27/2017 at 9:00 AM Email Marketing #SocialSkim: Apple Takes On Snapchat, LinkedIn Beefs Up Lead ... 3/25/2017 at 10:00 AM Social Media Email Design Trends: Past, Present, and Future [Infographic] 3/24/2017 at 10:00 AM Email Marketing The Anatomy of a Multichannel Welcome Series for Nonprofits (and ... 3/24/2017 at 10:00 AM Non-Profit Family-Travel Search Trends: Most Popular Dates and Keywords 3/24/2017 at 9:00 AM Search Engine Marketing Technical SEO 101: Get Your Websites Ranked on Google [Infographic] 3/23/2017 at 10:00 AM Search Engine Marketing Four Pros and Cons of Outsourcing Your Marketing 3/23/2017 at 10:00 AM Marketing Strategy A Future-Proof Way to Monetize Content in an Ad-Averse, Mobile-First ... 3/23/2017 at 10:00 AM Content The Most Popular Social Networks With Millennials, Gen X, and Baby ... 3/23/2017 at 9:00 AM Social Media What the Rise of Virtual Reality Means for Marketing [Animated ... 3/22/2017 at 10:00 AM Marketing Strategy Creating Tinseltown-Worthy Branded Video Content: Vern Oakley on ... 3/22/2017 at 10:00 AM Content Seven SMS Best-Practices and Tips for Marketers 3/22/2017 at 10:00 AM Mobile The 10 Companies With the Best Reputations Worldwide 3/22/2017 at 9:00 AM Brand Management Is Artificial Intelligence Right for Your Business? Implementing AI ... 3/21/2017 at 10:00 AM Marketing Strategy Five Ways to Drive Engagement and Sales With Tradeshow Marketing 3/21/2017 at 10:00 AM Sales Resources MarketingProfs University What's New How-To Articles Case Studies Online Marketing Seminars Guides and Reports Store Newsletters MarketingProfs Mobile Apps Community Conferences and Events Discussion Forum Member Benefits Testimonials Join the Community Follow Us on Twitter Company About Us Executive Team Write For Us Speak For Us Advertise With Us Affiliate Program Licensing/Republishing RSS/Syndication Partners Privacy Refund Policy Contact Us Marketing Topics Advertising Brand Management Career Management Content Customer Behavior Customer Relationships Email Marketing General Management Graphic Design Market Research Metrics & ROI Mobile Non-Profit Pricing Public Relations Sales Search Engine Marketing Segmentation Social Media Strategy Web Sites Word-of-Mouth Writing More Topics » Copyright © 2000-2017 MarketingProfs LLC. All rights reserved. Terms of use.
