CNET Reviews Best Products Appliances Audio Cameras Cars Networking Desktops Drones Headphones Laptops Phones Printers Software Smart Home Tablets TVs Virtual Reality Wearable Tech Web Hosting Forums News Apple Computers Deals Google Internet Microsoft Mobile Photography Security Sci-Tech Tech Culture Tech Industry Photo Galleries Video Forums Video Apple Byte CNET Top 5 How To Googlicious Smart Home Tech Today News Next Big Thing Special Features CNET Podcasts Laptops Phones Tablets TVs How To Appliances Computers Gaming Home Entertainment Internet Mobile Apps Phones Photography Security Smart Home Tablets Wearable Tech Forums Speed Test Smart Home Best smart home devices How To News Tour our smart apartment Tour our smart house Product Compatibility Amazon Alexa Apple HomeKit Belkin WeMo Google Home Lutron Nest Philips Hue Samsung SmartThings Wink Cars Car Reviews Best Cars New Cars Used Cars Deals Cheapskate Best Tech Under $50 All Deals Tech Deals Non-Tech Deals Audio Deals Cell Phone Deals Desktop Deals Laptop Deals Hard Drive & Storage Deals Printer Deals Tablet Deals Camera Deals Monitor Deals Software Deals TV Deals Web Hosting VPN Services WordPress Hosting Domain Names Download Join CNET Member Benefits Sign In to CNET Signed in as My Profile My Profile Forums Sign Out Australia China France Germany Japan Korea United Kingdom US Editions English Español Commentary How I recovered from my $3,000 MacBook battery bummer CNET's Stephen Shankland endured weeks of angst and frustration with his new laptop so you don't have to. Computers by Stephen Shankland February 14, 2017 5:00 AM PST @stshank Enlarge Image Apple's Touch Bar-equipped 15-inch MacBook Pro debuted in 2016. Stephen Shankland/CNET It took six weeks of tech support calls, power usage monitoring and Genius Bar diagnostics, but I'm finally convinced my new MacBook Pro isn't an expensive mistake. And what I've learned along the way can help you, too -- regardless of what laptop you're using. I bought a 15-inch Touch Bar-equipped MacBook Pro sight unseen late last year, confident that performance improvements, Apple's superior trackpads and better portability would justify the upgrade from its 2012-era predecessor. But my pleasure at the speed-up evaporated when I noticed within the first week how fast the machine drained its battery. My heart sank when the revamped Mac design lasted only 3 hours, 7 minutes on battery in my first formal test just doing routine work -- chores in Google's Chrome browser, chiefly, but also a few minutes on power-hungry photo editing. This was not supposed to be what happened when one of the biggest reasons I upgraded was to replace the feeble, worn-out battery in the old machine. I feared my Apple was a lemon. It wasn't just me, though, as evidenced by forum fretting and some cases of customer returns. But with help from Apple techies and a lot of testing, I reached a different conclusion: The MacBook's terrific new screen, which maxes out at a significantly brighter level, was gobbling watts despite a more energy-efficient design. There are other factors, but dialing down the brightness helped me once again work all day on a single charge. For full details, check CNET's tips on how to get your MacBook Pro battery to last all day. Overall, I'm satisfied. Still, the experience made it clear that even top tech companies like Apple, Google and Adobe Systems still have lots of work to do delivering products that minimize power consumption. And it's disappointing how often power-saving techniques mean micromanaging your machine or doing without useful features. A decade after the iPhone launch, it's time to assume your customers will be unplugged from the power socket more often than not. Hopes dashed Apple boasts of battery life "up to 10 hours" on two tests -- "wireless web" and "iTunes movie playback." When my Mac fell far short, I started investigating. Apple's Activity Monitor utility initially showed disappointing battery-life scores. Screenshot by Stephen Shankland/CNET I was not encouraged by posts like the explanation from developer Jeff Geerling on why he returned his MacBook Pro or the dozens of pages of commentary on Apple's support site. I spoke to others, too. Duarte Cunha Rosa, a lawyer in Portugal, was distressed when his new 13-inch MacBook Pro wouldn't last more than 5 hours, and Apple tech support couldn't help. "When asked if I wanted to return it, I did," he said, pulling his 6-year-old Mac back into service. "I'm seriously blanking on what my next move is." I ran daily tests for weeks to try to understand what was happening. They weren't the most rigorous, since my daily work habits fluctuate, but most days I use the same thing: one or two dozen browser tabs for Google Docs, Gmail, Google Calendar, Twitter, Facebook, blog posts and other information sources; Slack for work chitchat; and Adobe Lightroom and Photoshop for short bursts of photo editing. Apple's Safari browser fared a little better than Chrome, which did better than Brave, which did better than Firefox, but none did well. I edit lots of photos outside work, which is why I bought such an expensive machine in the first place, but Lightroom lasted only three hours on the battery. Things were bad enough that I started carrying a Microsoft Surface Book when I knew I'd be working out of the office. It's slower at photo editing than the Mac, but it lasted all day on battery. The MacOS 10.12.3 update that fixed Consumer Reports' complaint didn't help. But Apple did. My initial interactions with Apple, including hours on the phone with tech support and two trips to stores to get my hardware evaluated, yielded only comic relief: One Apple-authorized repair store asked if I had a USB-C dongle so it could run a test, and Apple's own Genius Bar had to hook two dongles together to connect my Mac to their network cable. Eventually, though, we got to the heart of the problem. Hopes restored Screen brightness turned out to be the biggest factor in getting my battery back -- much more than I'd expected. The new 2016 MacBook Pro screen is 67 percent brighter than its predecessor's, and I'd been running it bright. Sure enough, dialing it down made a world of difference. I get 10 hours most days at a brightness setting of 8 to 10 out of 16. When using Safari and an uncomfortably dim setting of 5 or 6, I got 12 hours. The 2016 MacBook Pro Touch Bar lets you dim the laptop's screen to save power. James Martin/CNET Screen dimming isn't a new idea. But it may make more of a difference here. Although the new MacBook Pro's screen is 30 percent more efficient, it can run brighter, and the new model has a smaller 76 watt-hour battery, compared with 99.5 watt-hours on the 2015 model and 95 watt-hours for my 2012 predecessor. I learned more from Apple -- like avoiding USB devices when possible. For me, the guilty parties were my Ethernet dongle, memory card reader and external hard drives -- even though the drives had their own power supplies. The problem is that any of these devices wake up the parts of the computer's communication system that otherwise snooze in a low-power state. Stick with Wi-Fi when you can. Also on the list is the keyboard backlight -- dim it or shut it off -- and dongles with built-in chips, for example to convert video signals to HDMI. They might not consume much, but it all adds up. After all, the glowing Apple logo on earlier Mac laptop lids didn't consume much power either, but efficiency is one one reason Apple scrapped it. Also, when possible, avoid software that uses the separate but more power-hungry high-performance graphics chip that's now standard in 15-inch MacBook Pros. Adobe's Lightroom, Photoshop and Acrobat each demand this high-performance GPU (I monitored with the handy gfxCardStatus utility) even when they're idling in the background, and non-Safari browsers are more likely to fire it up. Some sites, like Google Maps, keep it on and leave it on, while others only flip it on for a few seconds. So close browser tabs and software you're not using. Apple doesn't let Safari use the high-performance GPU, a battery-saving restriction. That can cause problems with graphics-intense sites -- a rougher time moving around in Google Maps' 3D view, for example, or slower frame rates on the ShaderToy site. But it's easy to see why Apple made the decision it did. Chrome is working to deliver the best of both worlds, with updates to be gentler on the GPU, for example by using the lower-power GPU more often and switching tabs to it when they're in the background. Reducing power usage is a "top priority for Chrome in 2017," said Chrome product manager Rachel Popkin. "We have a bunch of people working on it." And Adobe expects improvements that will optimize how its software uses graphics chips to improve battery life on Macs, the company said. That's great news. For me, the improvements can't come soon enough. Because I may be happier than a month ago, but I'm still not leaving my laptop charger at home. Does the Mac still matter? Apple execs tell why the MacBook Pro was over four years in the making, and why we should care. It's Complicated: This is dating in the age of apps. Having fun yet? These stories get to the heart of the matter. Share your voice 0 comments Tags Apple Computers MacOS Adobe Google Microsoft CNET Review Google Maps (Android) Google Maps for Android was just rebuilt from the ground up, and now it looks better, has more features, and offers a custom experience for individual users. As good as it is, though, it still has a bit of room for improvement See it Apple All the latest Apple news, featuring developments on the iPhone, iPad, Macbooks, OS X and much more. Feb 15 D-Link sells first Apple HomeKit security camera Feb 15 New Mac malware linked to Russian hackers of US election Feb 15 iPhone 8: Everything we know so far about the 10th-anniversary edition of Apple's historic phone Feb 15 Apple vs. FBI one year later: Still stuck in limbo All Apple Stories More stories MacBook Pros with Touch Bars banned from law exams Microsoft won't fix the most frustrating thing about Windows Google confirms all new Chromebooks will support Android apps Raspberry Pi gives makers more power with the Compute Module 3 Close   Discuss: How I recovered from my $3,000 MacBook battery... Conversation powered by Livefyre Up Next: Technically Literate: Down to Mars T-Mobile strikes back in battle for best unlimited plan Which carrier offers the best unlimited plan? Here's a quick breakdown of prices and what to consider when going with the major US carriers. by Bridget Carey 2:26 Facebook unmutes news feed videos, T-Mobile bites back The biggest tech news of the day includes Facebook's unmuting of news feed videos, T-Mobile's quick response to Verizon's introduction of unlimited plans and Microsoft's Brad Smith calling for a "Digital Geneva Convention." by Jeff Bakalar 1:12 Close Drag CNET © CBS Interactive Inc.  /  All Rights Reserved. About CNET Privacy Policy Ad Choice Terms of Use Mobile User Agreement Help Center
Enterprise BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 $667 million startup Crowdstrike just lost an ugly public spat with a company that tests software Julie Bort Feb. 14, 2017, 6:29 PM 4,307 facebook linkedin twitter email print Crowdstrike founder CEO George Kurtz Crowdstrike For many years a company called NSS Labs has tested a wide range of enterprise software products in order to help IT professionals decide which products perform best. In those years it's developed a reputation as one of the most hated independent testing companies around. And it just had a pretty ugly public spat with security software vendor CrowdStrike. CrowdStrike tried, and failed, to get a temporary restraining order and injunction to stop NSS Labs from publishing results of a test that includes CrowdStrike's software and several competitors. CrowdStrike makes cloud security software that protects PCs and networks from hackers and malware. It gained attention as a buzzy startup when it raised $156 million in venture funding, including a huge $100 million round in 2015 from Capital G, the growth investment fund from Google's parent company Alphabet. That round valued the startup at about $667 million, according to Pitchbook. NSS came to fame years ago for its tests on browser security which found Internet Explorer to be more secure than Google Chrome. Google was not pleased, disputed the methodology, accused the tests of being paid for by Microsoft (which NSS denied) and said that the tests didn't even use the latest version of Chrome. CrowdStrike said in a blog post that it initially hired NSS to test its software and issue a private report to be seen only by the peeps at CrowdStrike. It said it disputed NSS's testing methodology (calling it "deeply flawed"). When NSS wanted to include CrowdStrike in one of the tests it would sell in a public report, and announce the results at a major conference, CrowdStrike said no. NSS was not deterred, and according to CrowdStrike's blog post, obtained software provided by one of CrowdStrike's resellers and did the tests anyway. CrowdStrike was not pleased. "It colluded with a reseller and engaged in a sham transaction to access our software," the company accused. The company asked a judge to block the release of the report alleging everything from breach of contract to stolen trade secrets. The judge in Delaware district court wasn't buying those allegations, and on Monday issued a ruling siding with NSS. So the results will be published. Neither CrowdStrike or NSS immediately responded to requests for comment. Previous challenges This is not the first time NSS has raised the ire of the software vendors it tests. In addition to the Microsoft/Google browser hullabaloo, NSS was criticized by Palo Alto Networks and FireEye in 2014, when they questioned its testing methodology and its ethics. Palo Alto Networks founder and CTO Nir Zuk went so far as to imply NSS charged the vendors who are tested a lot of money and gave them undue influence in how the tests were set up so that their products would shine, while products from their peers (the ones who didn't pay) would not. Zuk later apologized and formally retracted his accusations and then praised the company, "My statements are untrue and I feel that the nature of their testing is indeed unbiased and invaluable to both us and our customers. My company, Palo Alto Networks, is working with NSS Labs and we have found them to be completely transparent and honest." Meanwhile NSS has consistently denied those sorts of allegations, saying that it doesn't take money from vendors for tests shares publicly. It says it chooses which vendors to test based on requests from IT professionals wanting to buy its reports, and if a vendor refuses to participate, it will buy the product and test it that way. The upshot is, if you are an independent software tester and you are doing it right, you are going to anger a lot of vendors who will try to discredit your results. And if you are an independent software tester who is doing it wrong, you are going to anger a lot of vendors who will try to discredit your results. But since the judge ruled against CrowdStrike, IT buyers will be free to see the latest test results, examine the methodology and judge for themselves. SEE ALSO: The tech industry has $21 billion worth of open, high paying jobs — here are the top 15 NOW WATCH: Animated map shows the best and worst states to raise your family Loading video... More: Crowdstrike Enterprise startup Computer Security facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru $667 million startup Crowdstrike just lost an ugly public spat with a company that tests software $667 million startup Crowdstrike just lost an ugly public spat with a company that tests software For many years a company called NSS... Recommended For You Disclaimer Featured How this astronaut overcame failure and rejection to land his dream job More "Idea Factory" » We just created the best Google Chrome extension on the market for latest news headlines More "BI Innovations" » Enterprise Emails & Alerts Get the best of Business Insider delivered to your inbox every day. Sign-Up Get the Slide Deck from Henry Blodget's IGNITION Presentation on the Future of Digital     Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2017 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR IT JP
menu Sections Thursday, February 16, 2017 search Today's Paper insert_drive_file Close   INQUIRER.NET NEWS OPINION SPORTS LIFESTYLE PREEN ENTERTAINMENT BUSINESS TECHNOLOGY GLOBAL NATION USA & CANADA POP ESPORTS BANDERA CDN PBA MOTIONCARS INQSHOP MY INQUIRER ADVERTISE menu search NEWS OPINION SPORTS LIFESTYLE PREEN ENTERTAINMENT BUSINESS TECHNOLOGY GLOBAL NATION technology / Social Media share this YouTube star PewDiePie dumped over anti-Semitic videos Agence France-Presse / 07:40 AM February 15, 2017 Swedish video game commentator Felix Kjellberg, aka PewDiePie, gestures as he arrives to attend the Singapore Social Star Awards at the Marina Bay Sands in Singapore on May 23, 2013. AFP LOS ANGELES, United States — YouTube’s most watched blogger PewDiePie will lose his preferred status on the Google-owned video service after posting several videos containing anti-Semitic remarks and Nazi references, the tech firm said Tuesday. YouTube said it was canceling a popular program from the 27-year-old Swede, whose real name is Felix Kjellberg, the same day Disney said it was cutting its ties with the social media star. PewDiePie — known for posting humorous clips to his more than 53 million followers on YouTube — will be sanctioned for violating the platform’s guidelines on hate speech, Google said Tuesday. ADVERTISEMENT READ: PewDiePie gets time-out from Twitter “We’ve decided to cancel the release of ‘Scare PewDiePie Season 2′ and we’re removing the PewDiePie channel from Google Preferred,” a statement from the US tech giant said. “Scare PewDiePie” was program that YouTube ordered for its online subscription service. Google Preferred is a program that allows advertisers to direct their messages to the key 18- to 34-year-old demographic, with an implicit guarantee that the participation won’t hurt their brand. The moves won’t keep PewDiePie off YouTube but will likely limit his audience and could sharply curtail his revenue from advertising. Separately Disney indicated it was ending its business relationship with the Swedish media star. “Although Felix has created a following by being provocative and irreverent, he clearly went too far in this case and the resulting videos are inappropriate,” according to a statement to AFP by Disney’s Maker Studios. PewDiePie, who had editorial independence under the terms of the arrangement with Disney, reportedly paid two Indian men five dollars to hold the banner reading “Death to all Jews” while they laugh and dance in the January 11 video. READ: Disney drops YouTuber PewDiePie over anti-Semitic videos “I was trying to show how crazy the modern world is, specifically some of the services available online,” Kjellberg said in a Tumblr blog post on February 12. “I picked something that seemed absurd to me — that people on Fiverr would say anything for 5 dollars,” referring to a website that helps freelancers receive part-time work. The Wall Street Journal reported PewDiePie had posted nine videos that display anti-Semitic jokes and Nazi references since August. One of them shows a man dressed as Jesus Christ, saying “Hitler did absolutely nothing wrong.” “I think it’s important to say something and I want to make one thing clear: I am in no way supporting any kind of hateful attitudes,” the YouTube star said in the blog post. Kjellberg is a top earner on YouTube, making roughly $14.5 million (13.6 million euros) last year, according to reported estimates from social media data firm NeoReach. That amount includes splitting ad revenue with YouTube, as well as sponsorships and appearance fees. In December, PewDiePie accused YouTube of trying to “kill” his channel and has threatened to shut it down, a move that turned out to be a publicity stunt. CBB play_circle_filled New wave of robots set to deliver the goods February 05, 2017 play_circle_filled Nintendo reboots with new Switch game console January 15, 2017 play_circle_filled Avatar-style South Korean manned robot takes first baby steps January 04, 2017 play_circle_filled 'Heart-in-a-box' device helps save lives January 04, 2017 TAGS: Anti-semitism, Blogger, Felix Kjellberg, Google, hate speech, Nazi, PewDiePie, Racism, Social Media, technology, Youtube For feedback, complaints, or inquiries, contact us. INQUIRER.net Follow @inquirerdotnet TRENDING newsinfo Senate won’t allow arrest of De Lima February 14, 2017 entertainment Erich Gonzales to speak up on ‘money issues’ with Matsunagas February 13, 2017 newsinfo SC affirms forfeiture of Marcos jewelry collection February 13, 2017 entertainment Daniel Matsunaga’s sis Vanessa to Erich: Address money issue February 13, 2017 newsinfo Plunderer ‘kills’ more people than a murderer – Lacson February 13, 2017 Disclaimer: Comments do not represent the views of INQUIRER.net. We reserve the right to exclude comments which are inconsistent with our editorial standards. FULL DISCLAIMER share this The Inquirer Channels News Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Technology Business Opinion Global Nation Services Sitemap Mobile RSS Email Us Archive Contact Us Advertise News Letter Job Openings The Inquirer Company About INQUIRER.net About the INQUIRER User Agreement Link Policy Privacy Policy Article Index Partners Hinge Inquirer Bandera Cebu Daily News DZIQ990 AM Motion Cars PBA PesoPay IIDM © Copyright 1997-2016 INQUIRER.net | All Rights Reserved
Saudi Arabia Middle East World Business & Economy Business & Economy Corporate News Sports Lifestyle Lifestyle Art & Culture fashion Offbeat Travel Science & Technology Food & Health Motoring Opinion Media Search form Search The Middle East’s Leading English Language Daily Search form Search Last updated: 7 min 7 sec ago Saudi Arabia Middle East World Business Corporate News Sports Lifestyle Art & Culture fashion Offbeat Travel Science & Technology Food & Health Motoring Opinion Media Jobs Kanye West puts hijab-wearing model on catwalk Kanye West puts hijab-wearing model on catwalk Trump wants Israel to hold back on settlements ‘for a little bit’ Gold prices edge lower China warns US against fresh naval patrols Oil pulls back after brief rally Cold wave expected in Saudi Arabia through Friday Hollande voices fear of cyberattacks in French vote Next Mideast generation is going to be responsible for incredible innovation: Gates Crown prince stresses importance of complying with traffic regulations You are here Home MiSK, Google form joint initiative on children’s Internet safety Saudi Arabia MiSK, Google form joint initiative on children’s Internet safety LULWA SHALHOUB | Published — Wednesday 15 February 2017 “Do you like to share stuff on the internet?” at the interactive morning session of the Kulluna Online launch at Riyadh Schools on Tuesday. (AN photo by Lulwa Shalhoub) RIYADH: Using the Internet smartly and safely is the aim of the digital literacy initiative “Kulluna Online” (We’re All Online) launched by the Prince Mohammed bin Salman Foundation (MiSK) and Google on Tuesday. Starting this semester, around 10,000 boys and girls at 50 schools in Riyadh will attend interactive workshops by Google-trained facilitators, as part of the multiyear program that will later expand to include other parts of Saudi Arabia.  “Given the notable growth of usage of the digital world, whether through regular browsing or instant messaging applications, it was necessary that we find a creative initiative to spread awareness on digital safety,” said Badr Al-Asaker, MiSk secretary-general. “Kulluna Online was the product of MiSK’s belief that the Internet has become one of the most important languages of our time and a necessary tool for development. The program aims to spread digital awareness and to keep up with the latest global practices, which ensures safe Internet browsing.” The day started at Riyadh schools with an interactive, chatty session between young onstage presenters and the audience, mainly students from elementary and intermediate grades. Saudi Arabia has 21 million Internet users out of a population of some 32 million, Education Minister Ahmed Al-Issa said in his keynote speech.  Speaking at a press conference, Mohamed Al-Harthi, deputy minister of education for curricula and educational programs, said: “Executing this program comes in terms of activating Saudi Vision 2030 and enhancing the partnership between the public and non-profit sectors.” The idea of the program started by gathering feedback from school students, their parents and teachers via focus groups delivered by MiSK, and listening to their concerns over their children’s digital usage and presence. The workshops will teach students to think carefully before posting something online, and how to protect their privacy by not sharing passwords or oversharing personal photos. It will also teach them how to avoid being victims of phishing, spam and identity theft, as well as how to have a positive attitude online. Sam Blatteis, Google head of government relations and public policy for the Gulf Cooperation Council (GCC), believes education lies at the heart of realizing Google’s mission: To organize the world’s information and make it universally accessible and useful. “What this project is doing is helping in one way to contribute to the foundation, setting the stage for developing a longer-term confidence and interest in the Internet economy,” he told Arab News. “Parents have done a great job teaching children how to protect themselves offline by telling them not to talk to strangers or not to take candy from them. But there’s a growing need now for youth to have the same skills online. Think before you post. You are what you share.” Delivering the program will adopt a gamification technique to transform online safety education into memorable and fun content that children can embrace. Google will gather post-mortem feedback in the form of qualitative and quantitative data from students, teachers and trainers to get an idea of the change in perceptions before and after the program. “There are a lot of programs on online safety in terms of dos and don’ts, and they were often referred to in the context of cybersecurity,” Blatteis said. “We thought there’s an untapped potential to popularize it and socialize this program through calling it ‘digital literacy,’ to bring to life how this (program) is something that can be uplifting and give kids confidence when they surf online. “That was a finding that we at Google found through our studies over the past couple of years in the GCC.” When asked about the possibility of hosting students to do internships at Google, he said: “We want to focus on delivering this program. I think there are inspiring kids here, and we’re making efforts in localizing the content. “We tried to make it ‘Googley’ and give it a glimpse of some of Google’s culture, but long-term an aspiration I have is to help develop youth to… one day apply for internships at places like Google.” Google has structured similar programs that were applied at schools in the US and UK. Comments View the discussion thread. MORE FROM Saudi Arabia Cold wave expected in Saudi Arabia through Friday JEDDAH/RIYADH: Heavy rainfall and low temperatures are expected to continue through Friday... Next Mideast generation is going to be responsible for incredible innovation: Gates JEDDAH: Billionaire philanthropist Bill Gates on Tuesday said he was “optimistic” about the... Crown prince stresses importance of complying with traffic regulations Google pledges to continue cooperation with KACST Japan eager to see Saudi karate players shine King Abdullah Economic City hosts Art of Jeddah 21,39 exhibition Cold wave expected in Saudi Arabia through Friday Next Mideast generation is going to be responsible for incredible innovation: Gates Crown prince stresses importance of complying with traffic regulations Google pledges to continue cooperation with KACST Japan eager to see Saudi karate players shine King Abdullah Economic City hosts Art of Jeddah 21,39 exhibition Opinion — Abdulrahman Al-Rashed — Are we walking behind Trump? — Ray Hanania — Growing extremism, not Fayyad, is the problem — Frank Kane — Oil decline is redefining role of sovereign wealth funds — Diana Moukalled — After taming the Lebanese state, it is the media’s turn — Christopher Smart — The financial education of the euro zone — Bjorn Lomborg — Learning from Bill Gates More in Opinion MOST POPULAR Day Week Most Read Shared Pakistani women’s contribution to country’s development highlighted 729 views 6 million Palestinians living under apartheid rule, PLO tells Arab News 619 views Japan eager to see Saudi karate players shine 198 views People of Madinah celebrate Prince Muqrin University inauguration 183 views King Abdullah Economic City hosts Art of Jeddah 21,39 exhibition 175 views Disgraced Tamil leader jailed over graft 146 views Most Read Shared Saudi market regulator confirms fines, jail terms in MMG case 33293 views Egyptian woman, world’s heaviest, to be biggest yet happiest loser after India op 28208 views One dead, hundreds rescued as floods hit Saudi Arabia's Asir region 24270 views UAE vice president: You must change or you will be changed 20708 views Prince Faisal approves two airport locations in Riyadh 14139 views Woman chained in container says she was raped daily 13118 views STAY CONNECTED TheArabNews @Arab_News Contact Us About Arab news Advertise Privacy & Terms of Service © 2017 SAUDI RESEARCH & PUBLISHING COMPANY, All Rights Reserved And subject to Terms of Use Agreement.
Technology & Business Gizmodo Kotaku Lifehacker Business Insider Lifestyle & Shopping POPSUGAR ShopStyle Who What Wear Byrdie MyDomaine Kin Community | Log in / Sign up Reviews Reviews Camera Reviews GoPro Hero5: The Gizmodo Review Canon PowerShot G7 X Mark II: Australian Review Impossible Project I-1 Polaroid Camera: The Gizmodo Review Leica's Waterproof X-U Camera: The Gizmodo Review Car Reviews BMW i3 REx: Australian Review Volvo S90: Australian Review 2016 Holden Astra: Australian Review Driving The Epic 2017 Nissan GT-R Phone Reviews Oppo R9s: Australian Review Motorola Moto Z: Australian Review Battle Of The Cheap Smartphones: OnePlus 3T Vs LeEco Le Pro3 LG V20: Australian Review PC Reviews SCUF Infinity1 And Infinity4PS Pro Controllers: The Australian Review iKBC F87 Australian Review: No Frills, No Fuss Origin PC Chronos: Australian Review LG 27UD88 4K FreeSync Monitor: Australian Review Smartwatch Reviews Huawei Fit: The Gizmodo Review Apple Watch Nike+: Australian Review The Pebble 2 Is Now The Only Fitness Tracking Smartwatch You Need Fitbit Charge 2 Review: The Best Fitness Tracker, Period Gadgets Reviews DJI Mavic Pro 4K Drone Review: So Close To Terrific URB-E Electric Scooter: Australian Review This Folding Bike Has Built-In GPS To Track Your Rides This Handheld Scanner Was Supposed To Change My Life, But I've Never Been More Disappointed In A Gadget Gaming Reviews Noblechairs' Gaming Chair Is For Firm Butts And Deep Pockets The Astro A50s Are Good Headphones With A Great Wireless Station Razer's eSports Gear Didn't Make Me Want To Play An eSport, But It Sure Is Nice Anyway Call of Duty: Infinite Warfare: Australian Review Entertainment Reviews An Audiophile-Grade Stereo Setup For Just $1500 Legion Isn't Just A Good Superhero Show: It's A Great Show, Period Suspiria Is Just As Terrifying And Fantastic Now As It Was 40 Years Ago Jabra Elite Sport: Australian Review An Audiophile-Grade Stereo Setup For Just $1500 Samsung's New Chromebook Is A Nearly Perfect Budget Laptop Oppo R9s: Australian Review Legion Isn't Just A Good Superhero Show: It's A Great Show, Period Gadgets This Black Series Poe Dameron Helmet Is Too Small For Adults And It's Super Unfair While Kids Teach Beauty And The Beast's Belle How To Dance, This Doll Teaches Them How To Code This New Wearable Version Of Simon Will Have You Swatting At Your Face Lightning Earbuds With A Built-in Charging Making Avoiding Wireless Slightly Easier Mobile The White House Finally Convinced Me To Start Using A Secure Messaging App Australian Banks Tell Apple: We Just Want Your NFC The Nokia 3310 Was A Frickin' Tank It Looks A Whole Lot Like The Next iPhone Will Have Wireless Charging Car Tech Myer Melbourne Is Getting A Tesla Showroom The Most Dedicated Mechanics In The World Wrench On The Streets Of Hong Kong Toyota Is Building A Real-Life Tonka Truck Uber Has A Murder Problem Online YouTube Stars' Defence Of PewDiePie Is Garbage Watch A Redback Spider Fight A Brown Snake Report: Sad Yahoo Deal Somehow Gets Even Sadder Match.com Bets That Watching The Walking Dead's Zombies Will Make People Want To Screw Science & Health The Amount Of Oxygen In The Ocean Has Dropped Thanks To Humans This Sea Monster News Is Really Messing Me Up The Winners Of NASA's Space Poop Competition Are Full Of Ideas  Why The Most Controversial 2020 Mars Rover Landing Site Is Also The Most Exciting Cameras Bali In 360-Degree 4K Looks Better Than It Ever Has Camera With Lens Made From 32,000 Drinking Straws Takes The Eeriest Photos Genius Professor Turns His Classroom Into A Giant Pinhole Camera Lady Gaga's Halftime Superbowl Show Was Lit By Intel Drones Computing How To Build The Ultimate Movie And Music Server How To Painlessly Run Windows On Your Mac Logitech's Brio Is A 4K, HDR, Face-Unlocking Webcam Ask Giz: Why Are Some Blu-ray Discs Bendy? Gaming Here Are The Dates For PAX Australia 2017 Watching Swamp Thing Beat The Crap Out Of Damian Wayne In Injustice 2 Is Immensely Satisfying The Atari Flashback Has 101 Built-In Games (And You Can Buy It Right Now) Valentine's Day (When Your Partner Loves Virtual Reality More Than They Love You) Entertainment When Will A Black Actor Get To Have Their Deadpool Moment?  Agents Of SHIELD Dives Into Total LMD Madness Logan Clip Teases X-23's Brutal Origins Mel Gibson Might Direct Suicide Squad 2 Toggle navigation Reviews Camera Reviews Car Reviews Phone Reviews PC Reviews Smartwatch Reviews Gadgets Reviews Gaming Reviews Entertainment Reviews Gadgets Mobile Car Tech Online Science & Health Cameras Computing Gaming Entertainment An Audiophile-Grade Stereo Setup For Just $1500 Telstra TV Is The Fastest-Growing Streaming Box In Australia, Apparently YouTube Stars' Defence Of PewDiePie Is Garbage Watch A Redback Spider Fight A Brown Snake Why The NBN Isn't Selling Gigabit Internet Yet Bill Morrow and NBN Feb 15, 2017, 9:45am ⋅ Filed to:  Australian Stories government nbn Share Image: Supplied This op-ed from NBN's chief executive Bill Morrow is being posted to the National Broadband Network company's blog today, and is being republished here in full by Gizmodo. Do you agree with his explanation? Do you disagree? Let us know in the comments. Bio: Mr Morrow was appointed as Chief Executive Officer (CEO) and a Director of nbn effective 2 April 2014. He joined nbn with a remit to ensure all homes, businesses and communities across Australia can access fast broadband as soon as possible, at affordable prices and at least cost. Prior to his present role Mr Morrow served as CEO of Vodafone Australia. On NBN's blog — Gigabit Broadband: The Facts There has been a lot of discussion in recent days around the need for Gigabit broadband in Australia – let’s set some things straight… The nbn™ network is here to bring fast broadband to all of Australia by 2020 – more than 4 million premises already have access to fast broadband via the nbn™ network today. In just a few months we will be at the halfway point of the rollout. Next year we will be three quarters built. By 2020 we will be complete. What once seemed impossible is now a reality. I was asked last week by the media about the need for Gigabit (Gbps) speeds in Australia. These are lines that are 40 times faster than plans based on our most popular 25Mbps wholesale service. "In our opinion, there is still minimal consumer demand for ultra-fast speeds..." The fact is nbn™ already offers a wholesale 1Gbps product to retail service providers – which RSPs can make available to more than 1.5 million homes, and has been on sale for around four years. Currently, there are no retail 1Gbps speed plans on offer from the retailers. This is, in our opinion, because there is still minimal consumer demand for these ultra-fast speeds – especially at the prices retailers would have to charge for them. Our own data shows that 83 per cent of people on services powered by the nbn™ network today are ordering retail services based on the two lowest wholesale speed tiers 25/5Mbps and 12/1Mbps. NBN Says It Is 'On Schedule, On Budget, And Approaching Half Way Point' NBN's half yearly results are out, detailing the six months leading up to 31 December 2016. Here's what NBN says about how it is going. Feel free to comment with your personal experiences. Read more There is currently around a $20-$30 monthly difference between what retailers charge for plans based on our 25/5Mbps wholesale service and our 100/40Mbps wholesale service – but only 13 percent of end-users are willing to pay that relatively small premium for access to that faster tier. We have to be realistic about what the market is actually telling us about demand for ultra-fast services. Of course, the demand for Gigabit speeds could, and probably will, change – current plans for FTTP and DOCSIS 3.1 HFC suggest they will be able to deliver such speeds to around 5 million premises on the nbn™ network by 2020 and the other parts of our network, with the exception of satellite, have upgrade paths to offer the same ultra-fast speeds when demand comes around. Rather than build for a demand that may materialise in ten years, we are constructing a national network capable of continuous upgrading to meet market needs as and when they arise. There is little point in adding to the already high $49 billion cost of the nbn™ network to provide a capability that end users do not yet require and RSPs are not selling. Gigabit demand We spend a lot of time researching overseas markets about Gigabit speeds, and the trends are not what you might think. We have met with global operators offering 1Gbps services and they willingly concede that their end-users are simply not using speeds anywhere near 1Gbps – in fact they would be lucky to actually ever use a fraction of that speed – so, at present, the Gigabit game is really about marketing, not actual utility. Giz Explains: Every NBN Technology, Compared Feeling a little bit confused by the stupidly complicated and ever-changing rollout of the National Broadband Network? Here's our quick guide to the different types of NBN that might be installed at your home. Read more Even in a heavy usage household right now it’s likely you’d struggle to generate the need for anything close to a 1Gbps –if you had five 4K TVs streaming 4K movies simultaneously then that’s only around 100Mbps being consumed – leaving 900Mbps idle. Given that the vast majority of current online video viewing is in SD or HD – requiring only 2Mbps-5Mbps then a 1Gbps pipe would be enough to stream 200 HD streams simultaneously – way, way beyond the requirements of a normal household. Cost is the key Of course, if we were in a position to deliver 1Gbps for $49/month, as they do in Singapore, then we would do it – but we are simply not in that position from an economic point of view. The fact is that Singapore is a city state, comprising of high density apartment buildings – and Australia is over 10,000 times larger than Singapore. The Singaporean Next Generation National Broadband Network [NGNBN] cost only a fraction of what it will cost to build the nbn™ network. "If we were in a position to deliver 1Gbps for $49/month, as they do in Singapore, then we would do it..." The nbn™ network is costing around $49 billion to build – and we need to recoup that cost –given that our business model is split between driving revenues from access and consumption charges, we simply cannot match the kind of 1Gbps pricing on offer in markets like Singapore and Hong Kong. In Hong Kong you can deliver FTTP for as low as $150 per premises – in comparison, thanks to Australia’s unique geographical and population density situation, it is costing us an average of $4,400 to connect every FTTP premises and can cost significantly beyond that in many situations – these are the stone cold facts of the matter and there is no getting away from them. Many roads to gigabit speeds If you want evidence that we are taking the right approach, you need only look at what is happening in the US with Google Fiber. Last October, the internet giant announced that it would be putting its much publicised FTTP deployment on hold and would look at new ways to deliver ultra-fast broadband. Google Fiber found that viable economics for Gigabit broadband simply did not exist once the initial hype of the project had faded and the product hit the streets. Indeed, respected writer Farhad Majoo pointed this out in an article published through Slate in 2013. [Google Fiber] felt a little underwhelming. After all, who needs to play five HD videos at the same time? If that’s Google’s best demo of its superfast service, what does it suggest about what regular people will do with it? What’s more, the demo didn’t even begin to approach the limits of Google Fiber — with five HD videos playing simultaneously there were still hundreds of megabits left on the pipe. When I got back home a few days later, I replicated the same test on my home broadband line and experienced only a few hiccups. Ultimately even a company with a huge amount of capital available such as Google Fiber found that digging up driveways and gardens to connect every single premise to FTTP was too expensive and time consuming. Google ultimately concluded that they could not make it work commercially offering Gigabit FTTP broadband at just $70/month. "Google Fiber found that viable economics for Gigabit broadband simply did not exist once the initial hype of the project had faded..." We are still waiting to see what Google Fiber will do next – reports suggest that it will move towards a Fixed-Wireless solution – but quite clearly their conclusion was that the economics of delivering gigabit speeds via FTTP simply did not add up. That’s not to say that Google Fiber didn’t have an impact in the market – their presence forced the incumbents to raise their game with the likes of AT&T now marketing FTTP access to 4 million premises across 46 metros, but this still represents only 3 per cent of the near 130 million premises in the US – we are talking about a niche market. Markets like Hong Kong, South Korea and Japan started their deployment of high-speed broadband in the late 1990s and having fully recouped their investments in delivering FTTB with VDSL – typically offering up to 100Mbps – are now delivering 1Gbps and even 10Gbps via FTTP. This Is How Much The NBN Spends To Hook Up Your House In its latest half-year financial presentation on Thursday, the NBN revealed the cost of connecting each home to FTTP, FTTN and other technologies in its catalogue. Read more For a variety of reasons, our broadband upgrade in Australia started much later, so we cannot judge ourselves against markets like these; they are much further along on their journey and you just can’t compare Australia to Singapore or Hong Kong for obvious reasons including those stated above. This is why operators around the world are so excited about technologies like DOCSIS 3.1 and G.fast, which allow Gigabit broadband to be deployed at substantially lower price points and in far less time than it takes to deploy Gigabit services over FTTP – and we will see both of these technologies emerge much more fully in the next few years globally as well as here in Australia. In conclusion We know that people in Australia want access to fast internet – that is precisely what we are aiming to deliver with the nbn™ network. We also know that 1Gbps speeds are simply way beyond what even the most advanced end-user needs today, let alone what is needed by regular families across Australia. There is literally not a single mass market consumer application – or even a combination of applications – that requires 1Gbps capability right now. This will change in the future, especially as augmented reality, artificial intelligence, 8K technology and virtual reality penetrate our daily lives. In fact, we hope that by delivering a fully connected continent we can help create a market for Gigabit applications – and when Australians need those kinds of speeds we will have the solutions in place to provide it. Bill Morrow is CEO of nbn. NBN After-Hours Installation Service Coming Soon, Will Cost $150 Per Customer Telcos always wants to install new fixed-line services, including those on the National Broadband Network (NBN), during working hours; the most inconvenient time for a lot of people. They usually require someone at the installation premises and some people have to take time off work just to wait for a technician to come over. But it looks like there will soon be an after-hours installation service for the NBN - for a price. Read more Comments « 1 2 » Cameron @moonhead Feb 15, 2017, 10:28am Ctl+F "CVC", nope, no mention of the real issue here. The fact nbn (tm) is absolutely reaming ISP for the CVC pricing, which makes any upgraded speeds beyond current ADSL offerings completely uneconomical. Interesting the capital cost for installation is mentioned here, as an excuse not to provide higher speed services. The capital cost for a 1Gbs service is the same as that of a 12Mbs service, with the current FttP technology used. There is a higher operation cost, of course, but no mention of that. It's bizarre the justifications here, contradictory at every turn. Complaining about higher capital costs, yet only building short term network needs, why don't you build a network that will last 30-40 years, instead of one that will last 3, then you won't need to recoup the capital cost over such a short space? Hell, even the eventual sale of the company will be much better, if it's set up to provide a suitable service for 40 years, instead of one that's already obsolete. Of course we don't get any of that here, nbn (tm) has lost it's way. Bending over to political whims, instead of delivering infrastructure for the future of this nation. If Bill Morrow had one iota of guts, he'd stand up against the political bullshit and deliver what we really need here. Reply 9 cameron @cameron Feb 15, 2017, 12:33pm Are you sure about that? RSPs will always claim their supplier costs are too high to disclaim away any undesired subscriber activity or pricing. It happened (still happens) now with Telstra's wholesale (copper) product pricing being blamed as 'too expensive' by all the resellers... Why would they come out and say ... 'oh yeah - our own internal costs are too high which is why '. It's a convenient way to direct attention away from the excessive cost inefficiencies incurred but RSPs call centers, poor processes and the cost of marketing. If you really want to bring up driving cost control within NBN, focus on their contract labour supplier overhead costs instead and not get hung up on technology access types. Reply -2 Cameron @moonhead Feb 15, 2017, 12:59pm There's enough competition in the market to show that there is serious constraint on what ISPs can resell from nbn at certain prices. Reply 1 devmac @devmac Feb 15, 2017, 4:00pm "not get hung up on technology access types" When did they get hung up on technology access types? Please don't use the term "technology agnostic" if you reply. Last edited February 15, 2017 4:03 pm Reply 0 SgtBatten Guest Feb 15, 2017, 6:10pm CVC currently costs RSPs over $15 per Mbps per month. A real 100Mbit uncontested connection is $1500 before hardware costs and overheads. Reply 0 grunt @grunt Feb 16, 2017, 10:18am My understanding is that the first 150 Mbps is either free or heavily subsidised, which is part of the problem. Its cheap to service a 200 Mbps capacity pipe across the 32 properties, its not cheap to service 2 Gbps capacity (if they were to offer 1 Gbps), or even 400 Mbps if they decided to offer a 200/80 service. Thats one of the main dramas as I understand it anyway - the cost of servicing the higher capacity cant be easily offset to enough users. To use your $15, that means around $28k/month in RSP costs, needing to be recouped before they even start on their own internal costs and turn a profit. A cost they pass on to the consumer and what residence would be happy paying $1000/month for internet? It will need addressing in the very near future if NBN is ever serious about the slightest chance of 1 Gbps. So yes, its the RSP's that are holding off from offering the option, but its NBN costs that are causing them to hold off. Its simply not viable costwise to either them or the consumer. Reply 0 deevee @deevee Feb 16, 2017, 4:20pm Nice try Morrow, what you actually meant to say is there is no residential demand for a $300/mo internet connection. Make gigabit $30/mo and see the demand then! Reply 0 targeting compoita @poita Feb 15, 2017, 10:36am because there is still minimal consumer demand for these ultra-fast speeds – especially at the prices retailers would have to charge for them. That is the problem right there, you make something too expensive and then say 'people don't want it'. 1Gbps speeds are simply way beyond what even the most advanced end-user needs today, let alone what is needed by regular families across Australia. Any family with multiple, multiple hundreds of gigabytes of photos and videos and music that would like to backup to cloud services would welcome decent upload speed. Gigabit speeds are as much about being able to use cloud services as backups and transfers as anything else. This old argument that lots of people can watch netflix and game at the same time without needing gigabit is wearing thin. People aren't using gigabit as it is too expensive, if they did have it, the usage would increase heavily as things become possible that are not feasible on slower connections. Last edited February 15, 2017 10:38 am Reply 2 sherbert86 @sherbert86 Feb 15, 2017, 4:29pm But hang on, a 100/40 connection at full steam can upload about 432GB a day by extremely rough maths. These things dont need to be uploaded instantaneously, they can trickle. Not to mention that this upload wouldnt affect the other people in the house watching netflix, as that is download speed. We have 100/40 at home and even with 4k streaming services on all the time, a few game and movie downloads a month we are struggling to crack 500GB. Honestly I dont think I'd notice much if we reduced our speed to 25mbps. 99.9% of household users are going to get almost zero benefit out of 1gbps. Business users, thats another story, but fast connections are available for $$$. Reply 0 data-cain @data-cain Feb 15, 2017, 7:55pm Honestly I dont think I'd notice much if we reduced our speed to 25mbps. and you'd get 5Mbps upload, yay! 25Mbps aint terrible, but with multiple users it's fairly 'meh' I had 35Mbps Cable with 2 users, and we'd both notice it at times. But, our upload was 1Mbps too... Currently I'm on 50Mbps (ish) down, 3.5Mbps up. Generally don't notice anything with 3 of us streaming videos, etc. even while downloading. It's fairly aids for cloud storage though. :( Ping sucks dong too. Still, you know, don't build for the future or anything, coz you only need 64KB! k streaming services on all the time, a few game and movie downloads a month we are struggling to crack 500GB I think 500GB is enough for most house holds these days, as long as certain content (ie netflix/youtube) is either unmetered, or used reasonably. For a while we had a third guy use our cable connection (35Mbps), and alone he managed to smash around 75% of our 500GB cap in 10 days, only using Netflix (only at 1080p too) - to be fair, he's an extreme case. Reply 0 #R @ashr Feb 16, 2017, 10:14am yeah I agree with the comments here, the download speeds aren't the problem. I'm on 100Mbps cable and it's fine for gaming, downloads etc BUT I'm on a max of 2.4Mbps upload so I can't use cloud services very well, I can't stream to twitch or youtube gaming so that as an option for a potential part time job is out of the question until the upload speeds are improved. For the record my area is set to be acquired by the NBN late 2018 where they'll just buy the Telstra cable, so I'll be on the same service for the foreseeable future :( Reply 0 Bradie Tilley Guest Feb 16, 2017, 11:41am A lot of people would love 1Gbps and feel the difference too. I am part of the statistics that "opt" for 25Mbps/5Mbps...Except I'm not opting for it that's all I can get. As for most of the population in WA so it seems. Like just give me 1Gbps FTTP for Christ's sake. Reply 0 sherbert86 @sherbert86 Feb 16, 2017, 11:53am I don't personally use my upload bandwidth much so not really an issue, could still use RDP and grab files when necessary on ADSL2 with 1mbps upload. Don't forget most cloud services unless they're paid will never actually let you get near your rated bandwidth, Dropbox etc will give you 5-10mbps upload if you're lucky. Probs more if you pay monthly fees I guess. Reply 0 Sgt Moo Guest Feb 15, 2017, 10:38am What a god damn crackpot. There's no uptake on 1Gb NBN because the only areas that would have access to it (FTTP) dont need it and the areas that would use it/need it have FTTN so the service isnt capable of it. But seeing as this moron used to work for vodafone he probably doesnt know his elbow from his arse anyway. Had some moron NBN spokes person come speak to all the businesses on the commercial strip where I work tooting on about how NBN is going to change how we run our businesses in the coming year. Our rollout isnt scheduled till at least 2018 and is going to be WAY to slow for our needs by then. It'll change our business alright, we are going to be forced to move to remain competitive! Trying to run a computer repair shop on a flakey 4-5Mbit connection is hard enough as it is. Reply 1 md @md Feb 16, 2017, 11:43am so 25Mb/s will somehow be worse than the current 4Mb/s.... pisstake. Reply 0 targeting compoita @poita Feb 15, 2017, 10:40am Markets like Hong Kong, South Korea and Japan started their deployment of high-speed broadband in the late 1990s and having fully recouped their investments in delivering FTTB with VDSL – typically offering up to 100Mbps – are now delivering 1Gbps and even 10Gbps via FTTP. So we start more than a decade later, and then offer the speeds they were offering last century? Reply 0 0kensai0 @0kensai0 Feb 15, 2017, 10:46am You can't ever compare Australia to Hong Kong or Singapore. You can, however, compare Sydney Melbourne, Brisbane, Perth and Adelaide to Hong Kong and Singapore. And it would be much more justified to place the country into 2 or even 3 tiers of broadband infrastructure. 1Gigabit for FTTP for major cities and a mixed technology package for the smaller cities and outback... Reply -1 CaptSiD @mrsid Feb 15, 2017, 11:05am As someone who lives outside the major areas but has business dealings that require a fast internet I think your idea is a bad one. The further we move away from this antiquated idea that cities are the repositories of the elite and elite services the better. Reply 2 ross_co @ross_co Feb 15, 2017, 12:41pm I agree, this kind of thinking only drives up cost's of living in inner cities and makes the outer suburbs/regional areas less desirable. Reply 3 tonyintsv @tonyintsv Feb 15, 2017, 3:38pm Anyone on FTTP, FTTN, or Fixed wireless is already paying to launch those 2 satellites. Reply 0 0kensai0 @0kensai0 Feb 15, 2017, 2:51pm It's less the antiquated idea that cities are the repositories of the elite and that elite services the better, it's more that it's cheaper to service a higher density. An FTTB line in HK supplies close to a thousand people compared to maybe 50-100 in Australia... you could of course bite the bullet and leverage the fact that we have double the tax rate of Hong Kong to pay for services in the country (which I'm actually all for) but apparently Canberra doesn't like to do that... Reply 0 devmac @devmac Feb 15, 2017, 3:53pm That turns into an argument between capitalism and socialism. Capitalist: Regional citizens pay hundreds more to access the infrastructure because that's how much it costs to service them. Socialist: The "city elite" pay above the odds for access to the infrastructure to spread the cost of servicing the regional areas at level prices. I lean towards to Socialist reasoning in this case, as the prices that regional people would pay under "the market / capitalist" ideology would pretty much price them out of the market which, I think, would have significantly detrimental effects on regional areas - a lot of them are dying quickly enough as it is without cutting off their Internet access as well. Reply 0 Steven @stevensommer Feb 15, 2017, 10:46am People don't need electric lights when they have kerosene lamps! People don't need sewerage when septic tanks work fine! Last edited February 15, 2017 5:06 pm Reply 0 Virus @virus__ Feb 15, 2017, 12:36pm Septic tanks?! That's a bit fancy. Surely it's an outhouse and bucket that gets emptied every few days by a bloke that comes down the back lane with a horse drawn cart! Reply 0 Pivik Guest Feb 15, 2017, 12:48pm "Sceptic tanks" are just what we need! Reply 1 phil @phil Feb 15, 2017, 10:48am Well, that's given me a good laugh this morning. Reply 0 Almost Guest Feb 15, 2017, 11:02am When the client wants a backup I load the content onto a HD and courier it to them. Trying to upload to the cloud means waiting a week. I love the argument against gigabit that people generally don't need it that fast. When I drive (around the city) I generally can't go faster than 40Kmh so that would be an argument for restricting cars to 40Kmh??? Reply 1 md @md Feb 16, 2017, 11:52am Actually a lower speedlimit in the city can/(may-in some cases) result in shorter transit time, less congestion etc provided the speed enforced is reasonably close to the "resonant" speed of the system (we needs(sic) autonomous cars because humans are to emotional and stupid for their own good), old adage: "less haste more speed". possibly analogous to data transfer. poorly matched waveguides can wreak havoc. Reply 0 bushrat011899 @bushrat011899 Feb 15, 2017, 11:08am This is quite a circular argument, we don't need fast Internet because the Internet we're used to is built for a slow connection. Look at the 4K streaming example. A 4K video stream only needs 20Mbps, with extreme compression. A "true" Ultra HD Blu Ray puts out at up to 128Mbps. Video games now come in sizes around 50GB a piece, wouldn't it be great to live stream the files for a game instead of downloading it first? Wouldn't it be great to have the cars be the limit of speed, not the road? Reply 0 devmac @devmac Feb 15, 2017, 3:43pm It's the same every time someone wants to hide what's really going on. "If you build it, they will come" vs. "If you don't build it, there's no demand, so why build it?" A place I worked always ran out of a particular product. This was never fixed because they would look at their monthly reports and see that X were purchased during the month, so they make sure that X can be purchased for the forthcoming months. Missing the fact that there was demand for X+Y. Context. If the context is missing, someone's lying to you. Reply 0 soletaken @soletaken Feb 15, 2017, 11:28am I will be moving to Switzerland shortly, which I may add is horrendously expensive to live. I have done some research on ISP's etc. I can get 500mbit/s connections, 180 TV channels with HD recorder and replay stuff and free calls throughout Switzerland for only CHF 129 a month. Unlimited downloads etc. Plus I can add a mobile plan for another CHF 29 a month. Yes Switzerland is a tiny country with high density living, but Australia should not use that as an excuse not to deliver a future proof product that will ultimately pay itself off. Focus on the main cities which have a large population and where the majority of people live. Once that is up and running and a steady revenue is in place focus on providing the best connections possible for the outlining country towns etc. Reply 0 vlad @vlad Feb 15, 2017, 11:54am Thanks to all Gods of Internet, I have 40-70 Mbps on HFC, and it is radically different to mediocre 10 Mbps of last 10 years. Do I need more? Not on average day, but occasionally I do. Why gigabit? Could they sell 200/400/500/750 Mbps? Reply 0 barry @barry Feb 15, 2017, 12:28pm I like that idea, sell 100/200/etc. Reply 0 backfromthedead @backfromthedead Feb 15, 2017, 12:19pm I bet if they offered 1gbps for 49 dollars, everyone would get it. In fact, that should be the only speed you should be getting but have different charges for download limits Reply 0 grunt @grunt Feb 15, 2017, 12:32pm Its strange. We used to have one speed, with different charges for download limits, while America had unlimited downloads, and paid for different speeds. Thats what everyone here wanted. Fast forward to today, and its the reverse. We have unlimited downloads, and different speeds, while the US has largely moved to a download charge, and now people want to move back to that. If we had just the one tech, it works, but in a world of different technologies though, I cant see it working. Not easily anyway. We already have 5 technologies (plus mobile broadband and legacy stuff all the way back to dialup) and another probably on the way. Need to unwind all of that, which aint gonna happen. Reply 0 barry @barry Feb 15, 2017, 12:27pm He does have a point and many will scream at me for this but having a 1Gigabit connection, doesn't mean the person paying for it will ever use a full Gigabit of download. They may use 25 or 50 of it at one time. Unless you are torrent everything, which would be great in all honesty. Of course there is no mention of NBN or ISPs having to continuly supply the speed you pay for. I remember reading some where that they only need to do that once a day so if you pay for 25Mbits download, then you could have 10Mbits and once a day for an hour you might have 25Mbits. That's painful and if that's true and I remember correctly, if you pay for 1Gigabit connection you might only get 25 and once a day get 1Gigabit. With places like apartment buildings they have one pipe that might be a gigabit and that might be shared between 50 connections in the building so if you pay for a Gigabit connection and everyone in that building is on the internet, you wouldn't get the speed you pay for anyway Reply 0 grunt @grunt Feb 15, 2017, 12:37pm I was going to say similar. Thing is, at every point we've gotten improved technology, you can argue the very same thing. There was no need for the speeds of ADSL2, ADSL, 256k cable, or even 56k dialup back in the day. In every situation, social, business, or entertainment needs came in to fill the capacity provided to the point theres no way you would rewind to an earlier tier now. Build it, and reasons to use it will arise. Not necessarily over night, but before you realise it, it'll be needed, and by that point it'll be too late. I remember when I got ADSL2 at my place, broadly 10 years ago (had it elsewhere, this was a place I bought), and had one product use that connection. The 6 Mbps I was able to get was enough. Several years later, I realised I had a half dozen items all connecting at the same time. Today its around a dozen. Day to day usage has grown, and my capacity was no longer enough. Thankfully I have FttP now so it is, but it was indicative of how usage grew to fill (and then some) capacity. Reply 0 cameron @cameron Feb 15, 2017, 12:34pm Should the title read: "Why RSP's are not selling Gigabit NBN yet?" Reply 0 beacham @beacham Feb 15, 2017, 12:36pm Gigabit internet? Hahahahahahaha don’t make me laugh. I get 7-10Mbps down on my NBN FTTN connection. It’s actually slower than my ADSL2 connection, somehow. Maybe nobody is paying for more than 25Mbps down because they can’t get even that, let alone more. I am getting pretty fed up with this fact not being reported. NBN can’t even meet its promise of providing 20th century internet, despite spending at least A$46b. And they want to talk about gigabit? Bill Morrow is a joke and should resign immediately. Reply 4 superbird @hotfootdarth Feb 15, 2017, 1:14pm It seems like Bill Morrow is conveniently ignoring users like yourself. I wonder how many other people are having such low speeds with FTTN. Last edited February 15, 2017 1:17 pm Reply 0 hotcakes @hotcakes Feb 15, 2017, 1:26pm Currently, there are no retail 1Gbps speed plans on offer from the retailers. This is, in our opinion, because there is still minimal consumer demand for these ultra-fast speeds – especially at the prices retailers would have to charge for them. No kidding, because just the CVC to provide 1Gbps for even 25% of the time would cost ISPs $4000 a month. There is currently around a $20-$30 monthly difference between what retailers charge for plans based on our 25/5Mbps wholesale service and our 100/40Mbps wholesale service – but only 13 percent of end-users are willing to pay that relatively small premium for access to that faster tier. That’s because a whole lot of people on FTTN physically can’t reach 100/40, even if congestion was a non-issue. Why would they pay for something they can’t get? In Hong Kong you can deliver FTTP for as low as $150 per premises – in comparison, thanks to Australia’s unique geographical and population density situation, it is costing us an average of $4,400 to connect every FTTP premises and can cost significantly beyond that in many situations – these are the stone cold facts of the matter and there is no getting away from them. That’s because you’re lumping both opex and capex into the $4400 CPP for FTTP – and conveniently leaving opex out of the calculation for FTTN, where it’s by far the single greatest expense – because you’re paying Telstra to put in new copper and then renting it back off them. This is why operators around the world are so excited about technologies like DOCSIS 3.1 and G.fast, which allow Gigabit broadband to be deployed at substantially lower price points and in far less time than it takes to deploy Gigabit services over FTTP – and we will see both of these technologies emerge much more fully in the next few years globally as well as here in Australia. Gee, it sure is a good thing that nbn co aren’t even deploying their FTTdp with G.fast – which has never been tested outside of 3m copper in a lab anyway. Reply 3 devmac @devmac Feb 15, 2017, 1:55pm "What once seemed impossible is now a reality" In regards to FTTH for 96% of Australia's population: "What once was promised is now a fantasy" Thanks Bill, thanks Malcolm. Hopefully we can thank a more visionary government in the future to "do it once, do it right, do it with fiber". Reply 0 steegs8319 @steegs8319 Feb 15, 2017, 2:02pm Does he not realise the impact that $30 every month could make to a larger family who could use that extra speed for multiple users? The pure & simple reason that the majority of users are on 12 or 25Mbps plans is because they can barely justify the price gouging that occurs already, let alone adding another $30 to it! Reply 0 Almost Guest Feb 16, 2017, 3:53pm Before the NBN didn't larger families have a landline, ADSL2, and a number of mobile phones. Surely getting an NBN plan that costs $30 more would be offset by the "free" calls you would now make to those phones for which you used to pay for? Reply 0 welbot @welbot Feb 15, 2017, 3:54pm Our own data shows that 83 per cent of people on services powered by the nbn™ network today are ordering retail services based on the two lowest wholesale speed tiers 25/5Mbps and 12/1Mbps. Yeah... you reckon that might have anything to do with the fact that most flyers I've received in the mail, and ads I've seen everywhere, don't actually advertise the speed? They just say "$59/month for unlimited data on NBN". It's not til you actually go to the ISP's website that you realize it's only 12 or 25. Most mum and dad customers would just call up and say "sign me up" without asking any questions about speed etc, cos I'd bet most of them don't even know that there's different tiers. i currently have my ADSL2 with TPG and pay $49 a month. I got a message from them once NBN was available in my street, saying I could get unlimited data for $59 a month. Upon investigation (which required actually going part way through the signup process to find) I discovered it's only 12mpbs. Like what?! You want me to pay $10 more a month for slower internet?! Get farked! I get 14mpbs on my ADSL! i have actually signed up for the switch though, but for a much better plan of unlimited data on a 100/40 connection for $59/mth. I'd say the 83% of people they refer to just don't have a clue. "It's NBN, it MUST be faster!" Reply 1 nutcola @nutcola Feb 15, 2017, 5:04pm Here are some uses of fast (up to gigabit) connections: -Someone wants to send you a 2GB video they just took from their 4K drone - cool I got it in seconds. -Uploading all your photos, videos and music to a cloud service, and keeping your data synced. -Downloading that same data to a new machine -Daily backups to the cloud - eg full HDD image of a business critical machine, or your gaming rig, or whatever! -Storing all your files in the cloud - you wouldn't need a 4TB NAS anymore if you could upload and download all your data to the cloud at the same speed as on your LAN. You wouldn't even need a 500GB SSD in your new PC since you can just get it off dropbox or icloud or google drive or whatever almost instantly. -Small business VPN links between sites - instantly share data as if it were on your LAN, rather than waiting for 10 minutes for the autocad file you want to copy across.. -Download new games (several GB?) in seconds or minutes, eg on Steam -Send your mum your latest holiday photos & videos in seconds -Download that 300MB HP printer driver in three seconds rather than 10 minutes -Download the new Win10 update (several GB), in less than a minute -Drive investment and business opportunities in regional and rural areas - some businesses only need fast internet and they can do business from anywhere -Anything you can think of, or haven't thought of yet!! FFS get over this 'most people don't need fast internet to stream video' garbage... Reply 1 mildrash Guest Feb 15, 2017, 6:19pm You might not be able to send small amounts of data really quickly, but you can watch a movie... porn, wink wink... porn. You know, porn. That's all you really want it for isn't it? I keep adding telepresence and the nbn together and keep coming up with 'Robby the Robot'. What's up with that? Reply 0 danielsoar @danielsoar Feb 15, 2017, 6:22pm Our own data shows that 83 per cent of people on services powered by the nbn™ network today are ordering retail services based on the two lowest wholesale speed tiers 25/5Mbps and 12/1Mbps. I hate reading that statement with so much passion. It's a cop out of epic proportion. I was on the 100/40 plan when I signed up, and I cant even get 12/1Mbps actual speed, so I changed plans after having 5 tech call outs who told me it's as good as its going to get because I am located more than 1050m from the pillar and the copper to my house is terrible and my line wont give a stable reading on their diagnostic tools. I got told to give up on 'fast' internet by the NBN. I have begged and pleaded for help, all I want is fast internet, I was so excited when I heard I was getting NBN, and then it was delayed 5 times over the next year. Finally I get it and its no better than ADSL was, upload is marginally better, download is consistently worse. Biggest letdown in recent history. But you read your data as I don't want better speed because I am connected to a low plan, and 83% of us are all saying the same thing so why bother with faster speeds? You sir, are an idiot. Maybe we are all stuck with inferior fttn technology and can't get anything faster so why pay extra for it? You should release a report on customer sync speeds. Let us all know how you are actually doing instead of twisting stats to blame us for your mistakes. Last edited February 15, 2017 6:28 pm Reply 0 slowermoreexpensive @slowermoreexpensive Feb 15, 2017, 9:16pm Blah blah blah. Really? People prefer the connections that are affordable. I'd settle for an NBN connection that delivers the same speed that I currently enjoy on cable. The NBN wants me to pay more for a slower connection over the same cable. Like private health insurance, I'm probably subsidising a babyboomer parasite's lifestyle choices and an FTTP connection. Reply 0 Almost Guest Feb 16, 2017, 3:50pm Ha ha, you have a slow internet connection and it's not the LNP's fault for neutering the NBN but some unnamed older person who happens to live near a fibre optic cable. Reply 0 Ldd Guest Feb 15, 2017, 10:36pm The only reason i have the lower tier is price put the higher pricesat under 80 dollars a month then yeah would love the higher speeds. Means more than one person can watch hd netflix and off site work. Asit is atm, im on a budget Reply 0 « 1 2 » Join the discussion! Log In Sign Up Guest Access Join the discussion! Cancel Reply Log In / Sign Up Name Email You are starting a new discussion. You are replying to a comment. Cancel Edit × Comment Voting Up Votes Down Votes × Only logged in users may vote for comments! Please log in or register to gain access to this feature. No Thanks Log In Sign Up × Get Permalink Close Trending Stories Right Now Australian Banks Tell Apple: We Just Want Your NFC Rae Johnston 14 Feb 2017 12:15 PM Bendigo and Adelaide Bank, Commonwealth Bank of Australia, National Australia Bank, and Westpac are attempting to gain permission from the Australian Competition and Consumer Commission (ACCC) to negotiate as a group for access to Apple Pay and the Near Field Communication (NFC) function on iPhones. No, scratch that - they'd just be happy with the NFC, actually. Why The NBN Isn't Selling Gigabit Internet Yet Bill Morrow, NBN 15 Feb 2017 9:45 AM This op-ed from NBN's chief executive Bill Morrow is being posted to the National Broadband Network company's blog today, and is being republished here in full by Gizmodo. Do you agree with his explanation? Do you disagree? Let us know in the comments. Want Gizmodo's email newsletter? Subscribe Have a tip? Contact our editors! Latest Deals Deals: You Can Now Stream Your Favourite Shows From Anywhere Deals: Become A Pro Data Analyst With This R Programming Bundle Deals: Today Only! Save 70% On These Online Courses Deals: These Magnetic Wireless Headphones Are Perfect For Hassle Free Listening Trending Articles 1 Australian Banks Tell Apple: We Just Want Your NFC 2 Why The NBN Isn't Selling Gigabit Internet Yet 3 YouTube Stars' Defence Of PewDiePie Is Garbage 4 John Wick 2 Finally Has An Australian Release Date 5 An Audiophile-Grade Stereo Setup For Just $1500 This Black Series Poe Dameron Helmet Is Too Small For Adults And It's Super Unfair While Kids Teach Beauty And The Beast's Belle How To Dance, This Doll Teaches Them How To Code This New Wearable Version Of Simon Will Have You Swatting At Your Face When Will A Black Actor Get To Have Their Deadpool Moment?  The Latest Marvel Legends Set Is A Guardians Of The Galaxy All-Star Team Behold, Frankenstein's Star Wars Ships More Details About AMD's Ryzen CPU Are Starting To Come Out DC's Newest Young Animal Series Is A Deep, Deep Jack Kirby Cut Maintain Your Relationship By Treating It Like A Bank Account How To Buy, Prepare And Enjoy Raw Fish Be More Productive By Sitting Next To Someone Who Works Hard Briefly: Nioh Review, Solo Travel, Yoga Hacker Shares in one of Britain's biggest aerospace firms are down 20% after it issued a 5th profit warning in 2 years Trump's Nato ultimatum has shattered a key pillar of May's Brexit plans An ex-RBS employee and customers have accused the bank of fraud, document manipulation, and forgery REPORT: The EU is terrified that Brexit will allow people to sell 'British Champagne' © 2007-2017 Allure Media About Advertise Contact Terms of Use Gizmodo International × Log in to Gizmodo Username or Email Password Remember me Login Don't have an account? Create one here Forgot your password? Click here to reset × Sign up to Gizmodo User Details @ This is your permanent identity for Gizmodo, Kotaku and Lifehacker Australia. Your email must be valid for account activation Minimum of 8 standard keyboard characters Subscriptions Email newsletters will contain a brief summary of our top stories, plus details of competitions and reader events. Gizmodo Newsletter Kotaku Newsletter Lifehacker Newsletter Yes, I wish to receive exclusive discounts, special offers and competitions from our partners. Send Activation Email Already have an account? Log in × Reset Password Email Reset Password Back to login × Gizmodo International Gizmodo US Gizmodo UK Gizmodo Spain Gizmodo Brazil Gizmodo Japan Close
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Politics With All Due Respect Global Risk Briefing How We’ll Know if Trump Is Making America Great Again Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts The Inauguration of Donald J. Trump On the March in Trump’s Capital Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Science + Energy Graphics Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe Without Big YouTube Star, Google Faces Setback in Content Plans Mark Bergen and Lucas Shaw February 14, 2017, 5:00 PM EST YouTube drops PewDiePie, pillar of its new paid video service Loss dents Google’s attempt to rival Netflix, Amazon What’s the Key Catalyst for Google’s Growth? In December, Felix Kjellberg threatened to take his star power off YouTube. Turns out, it was a ruse. The Swede behind the PewDiePie character admitted in a video that he was trying to boost his YouTube fan numbers to more than 50 million. Irreverence like this has turned him into the biggest celebrity on YouTube and helped the Google site become the world’s largest online video service. Until, late on Monday, it became a liability. Google said it was removing PewDiePie’s channel from its premium advertising service and canceling his YouTube series after he published videos with anti-Semitic messages. The controversy is a setback for YouTube’s strategy of promoting premium content that attracts top advertising rates, and its newer attempt to get viewers to pay for original TV shows and movies. Kjellberg’s series "Scare PewDiePie" was one of the shows on this subscription service, known as YouTube Red. YouTube’s programming strategy is devoted to the young, aspiring filmmakers, video bloggers and sketch comedians that first used the site. Unlike Netflix Inc. and Amazon.com Inc., which have spent billions of dollars on programming from professionals already working in the Hollywood system, YouTube has funded original shows from PewDiePie, Joey Graceffa and Rhett & Link. These stars help YouTube stand out from the crowd, but are harder to control. They built large followings speaking their minds without the filter of a producer or the restraints of a traditional media company. Dropped by Maker The antics of YouTube stars are subject to greater scrutiny since large media companies gobbled up many of YouTube’s biggest channels. PewDiePie’s freewheeling style didn’t sit well at Walt Disney Co., whose Maker Studios cut ties with Kjellberg earlier on Monday in response to the videos. The Wall Street Journal first reported on Disney’s move. YouTube determined that some of Kjellberg’s videos, which included one where he paid for two men to unfurl a sign reading "Death to All Jews," violated its standards for advertiser-friendly content. However, YouTube decided that the videos didn’t cross its threshold for hate speech, which specifies that content must be intended to incite violence. So the company dropped Kjellberg from Google Preferred, its white-glove service for brand-safe ads, and canceled the second season of his show for YouTube Red. It didn’t remove Kjellberg’s videos from its site, nor restrict him from the regular system that drives most YouTube ads. A YouTube spokeswoman declined to comment further on the decision. ‘One Creator’ For Google, the public rebuke of YouTube’s biggest star won’t materially affect advertising sales. YouTube sells most of its ad in bulk, not around particular channels. And PewDiePie, though popular, accounts for a tiny fraction of overall viewership on a video site where thousands of channels have millions of subscribers. "It’s one creator," said Richard Greenfield, an analyst at BTIG LLC. "YouTube is far, far stronger than any one creator." Still, the move may put other YouTube creators on notice.  While removing the offending videos from premium ad deals was warranted, YouTube may risk pushing away creators if its standards look too stringent, said Jill Sherman, senior vice president at advertising agency DigitasLBi. "The second it feels policed or overly mandated, it starts to feel like prime-time television," she said. "And that’s exactly what YouTube doesn’t want." Google doesn’t disclose YouTube revenue, but has said repeatedly that it is, along with mobile ads, a primary driver of growth. During the fourth quarter, Ruth Porat, Chief Financial Officer of Google parent Alphabet Inc., said YouTube was seeing "tremendous growth."  She wouldn’t share how many paid subscribers YouTube Red has. "We’re pleased with the early success," Porat said. "It’s still early days. It takes a while to build a subscription business here." Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Most Read Americans Just Broke the Psychologists’ Stress Record Aetna CEO: Obamacare in 'Death Spiral' Calls for Russia Probe Mount for White House Reeling From Flynn Fallout The Political Assassination of Michael Flynn Trump's F-35 Calls Came With a Surprise: Rival CEO Was Listening Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
DailyCaller The DC Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Guns and Gear Deals Issues Blogs Send a Tip Columnists Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas           DailyCaller   Search:     Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Guns and Gear Deals Daily Dealer Wine Club Issues Defense Education Energy Blogs The Mirror DC Trawler Send a Tip Google’s Severance Package Was So Generous That People Rushed To Quit Eric Lieberman Tech and Law Reporter 5:47 PM 02/14/2017      Pinterest  Reddit  LinkedIn  WhatsApp     Share         TOP 5482202 Employees for Google’s self-driving car project received such generous benefits and pay that several of them left the company to reap the large payouts. Due to Google’s atypical compensation system, which was based on the project’s estimated value at the time, workers on their way out of the company were granted massive severance packages. In fact, the payouts were so substantial, that two people familiar with situation called it “F-you money,” according to Bloomberg. Such an incentive and pay-based infrastructure was originally configured to reward success and retain talent within the company, but it ultimately had a reverse effect, leading to an exodus of talent. Google was trying to keep up in the “arms race” for “driverless” vehicle development as several companies, both in the tech and automotive industry, were seeking out the best minds in the business. (RELATED: Distracted Driving Is A Huge Problem, And Autonomous Cars Could Help) Companies like Apple, Samsung, Uber, Lyft, and several others, have all signaled they are either currently exploring or developing autonomous driving technology. (RELATED: Uber, Anheuser-Busch Use Self-Driving Truck To Deliver 45,000 Cans Of ‘America’) Google’s parent company, Alphabet, overtook Apple in February to become the most valuable public company in the world. Due to the fact that Google has so much capital, perhaps leadership thought it was best to funnel copious amounts of funding into salaries and benefits in order to preserve talent. Retaining high-level employees with critical knowledge in the nascent area of autonomous vehicle technology appears hard to do. Tesla poached an 11-year veteran at Apple in order to speed up its autopilot tech development. (RELATED: Apple In Discussion With Luxury Car Company Because It Feels Left Out Of The Vehicle Industry) But, Tesla has been a victim of employee brain drain itself. The tech conglomerate filed a lawsuit against a former employee in January, accusing the staff member of stealing confidential data and trying to herd other employees towards an independent self-driving startup he was developing. Follow Eric on Twitter Send tips to [email protected] . Content created by The Daily Caller News Foundation is available without charge to any eligible news publisher that can provide a large audience. For licensing opportunities of our original content, please contact [email protected] . Tags: Alphabet, Apple, Google, Lyft, Samsung, Tesla, Uber Hide Comments   Show comments Free News Alerts Privacy: We never share your email Sections Politics US Opinion Entertainment World Business Sports Tech Featured Partners Columns Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas Corporate About Us Advertise With Us Employment Terms Of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ © Copyright 2010 - 2017 | The Daily Caller
Sign in or Register   PCs & Laptops Value Desktops High End Desktops Gaming Desktops All-in-one Desktops Value Laptops High End Laptops Gaming Laptops Ultraportable Laptops Misc PCs & Laptops Dell Store   Peripherals Monitors Printers Storage Keyboards & Mice Misc Peripherals Networking   Handhelds Budget Smartphones High-End Smartphones Tablets eReaders Wearables Misc Handhelds   Software Security Operating Systems Backup Office Suite Web Development Audio Video Photo Apps Misc Software   Components CPUs Motherboards Graphics Cards Storage Cases Power Supply Units Misc Components   Gadgets Photography & Video Home Theatre GPS Audio Virtual/Augmented reality Misc Gadgets     Hyper PixelCast   Forums Back Issues Search News • Reviews • Features • Galleries • A-List • Group Tests • Downloads • How To • Buy • Software Store Mobile Plans Broadband Plans Atomic Forums Upgrade Australia Home  »  General  »  News Google DeepMind can backstab with the best of them Wednesday 15 February 2017  | Comment Now Google undertakes AI experiments to test whether DeepMind will be cooperative or competitive when push comes to shove. One potentially huge advantage that hard-headed, logical AI has over our squishy, fallible human methods of getting things done is that emotions don't get in the way. AI has no nose to cut off in order to spite its face, which means in theory things should be a lot more efficient.   But what if there were two AIs competing for the common good? Would they work together to achieve their shared aim, or try to outshine the other in a bid for glory? That's what Google's latest DeepMind experiments sought to find out, and intriguingly it left the AI looking far more human than you might have expected. Google pitted two versions of DeepMind – red and blue – against each other in a couple of computer games to see how they would deal with each other. In the first, they had to collect apples that appeared on screen, but with the added twist that each AI had a laser that could temporarily disable its opposite number if it chose to use it. Video of Gathering gameplay The result from thousands of run throughs? Surprisingly human. When digital apples were in abundance, the AIs would generally cooperate peacefully, collecting the apples as they went along. As soon as apples became scarce, however, the weapons came into force. Sound familiar? Oh, and larger, more intelligent neural networks tended to shoot their opponent no matter how many apples there were around. Read into that what you will, although Google doesn't necessarily think this means selfish is smart. It might just be that because shooting requires more “skill”, the dumber AI didn't want to distract from the task of apple hunting unless absolutely necessary. The second game was one that favoured cooperation: “Wolfpack”. In this game, the two AIs were charged with catching a tricksy blue dot moving around a map. Anyone who has been blue dot hunting themselves will know that it's far easier to put one in your hunting lodge trophy cabinet if you cooperate to corner it. If you chase the blue dot on your own, things get far more “Benny Hill.” Video of Wolfpack gameplay In this instance, smaller “dumber” networks would often go solo, but the larger smarter networks quickly established that working together achieved better results. Though of course, with only one blue dot per game, resource scarcity is not at play here. So artificial intelligence can be cooperative or competitive depending on the context. How disappointingly human. You can read more about the experiment on the DeepMind blog, and in the research paper. This article originally appeared at alphr.com Related Articles Squiggles and Skynet 9 reasons to be excited about Android Wear 2.0 LG’s two new Watches herald the arrival of Android Wear 2.0 Google just made a tired old movie cliche come true Twitter takes further steps to boost improve user safety Source: Copyright © Alphr, Dennis Publishing See more about:  deepmind  |  google   Tweet Email this Print this Feedback   More in General (1 of 10 articles) NEWS Here's who's coming to Upgrade Australia 5.0! << Prev Next >> View all General articles >> More in General (2 of 10 articles) FEATURE Futures: Why the IoT is serious business << Prev Next >> View all General articles >> More in General (3 of 10 articles) NEWS Elon Musk: Humans must merge with AI to survive << Prev Next >> View all General articles >> More in General (4 of 10 articles) NEWS A Geneva Convention for cybercrime? << Prev Next >> View all General articles >> More in General (5 of 10 articles) NEWS Tallinn cyber-warfare manual 2.0 refines definition of cyber-warfare << Prev Next >> View all General articles >> More in General (6 of 10 articles) NEWS Google DeepMind can backstab with the best of them << Prev Next >> View all General articles >> More in General (7 of 10 articles) NEWS The pros and cons of net neutrality << Prev Next >> View all General articles >> More in General (8 of 10 articles) NEWS Uber, Intel and IoT firms join coalition to secure connected cars << Prev Next >> View all General articles >> More in General (9 of 10 articles) NEWS Apple vows to take on fake news, but it doesn't know how to just yet << Prev Next >> View all General articles >> More in General (10 of 10 articles) NEWS Privacy matters for cheaters: Uber sued over divorce << Prev Next >> View all General articles >> Most Read Most Discussed Powered by Disqus Latest Comments Powered by Disqus Latest in General News Here's who's coming to Upgrade Australia 5.0! Review Star Wars BB8. Your little round BFF Feature Futures: Why the IoT is serious business Gallery Gallery: Upgrade Australia 4.0! From our Partners     See more offers from the PC & Tech Authority Software Store     Sponsored Links Most popular tech stories 7 accounting packages for Australian small businesses compared: including MYOB, QuickBooks Online, Reckon, Xero Mate 9 review: Huawei's long-lasting 5.9in flagship phone How long will a UPS keep your computers on if the lights go out? How do I make sure my email is properly synced between all my computers? Tip: Your shop can use a smartphone instead of an EFTPOS terminal Cisco partners pay for massive product replacement Cisco Australia moves onto activity-based working in new offices CSC and HPE Enterprise Services unveil new company name: DXC Technology Here are the best tech companies to work for in Australia Telstra launches Gateway Frontier to get users back online during an outage Photos: How to get a subsea cable from Sydney to LA The CIO movements that made headlines in 2016 Qantas CTO quits Australia finally has mandatory data breach notification Demand 'still not there' for 1Gbps: NBN Co Vampire: The Masquerade - Bloodlines was enough to make your blood boil 10 advanced tips for Rainbow Six Siege 20 key tips for succeeding at Rainbow Six Siege Interview: Brian Fargo & Chris Keenan on Wasteland 3 18 pro tips from the Rainbow Six Siege world cup About Us  |  Sitemap  |  Newsletter Archive  |  A-List  |  Advice  |  Top 10  |  Mobile Site  |  Feedback  |  Advertise  |  Newsletters  |  Contact Us Atomic MPC  |  BIT  |  CRN Australia  |  iTnews  |  PC PowerPlay  |  SC Magazine Copyright © 2017 nextmedia Pty Ltd. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed in any form without prior authorisation. Your use of this website constitutes acceptance of nextmedia's Privacy Policy and Terms and Conditions. Login to PC & Tech Authority Username: * Username required Password: * Password required Remember me  |  Forgot your password? Don't have an account? Register now! To request a new password, please enter the email address linked to your PC & Tech Authority account and we'll send one to you. Email: * Email required * Invalid Email address * Invalid Email address Click here to return to Login Form Become part of PC & Tech Authority Join our site to get stuck in with comments and discussions with other passionate readers and tech fans, and stay up to date with the latest news and reviews through our range of newsletters. Email* * Email address required * Invalid Email address I have read and accept the privacy policy and terms and conditions and by submitting my email address I agree to receive the PC & Tech Authority daily newsletter and receive special offers on behalf of PC & Tech Authority, nextmedia and its valued partners. We will not share your details with third parties. 1) Login Details First Name* * First name req'd Last Name* * Last name req'd Username* * Username required Password* * Password required Confirm Password* * Password confirmation required * Passwords don't match! 2) About You Country* -- Select a Country -- Australia Afghanistan Albania Åland Islands Algeria American Samoa Andorra Angola Anguilla Antarctica Antigua and Barbuda Argentina Armenia Aruba Austria Azerbaijan Bahamas Bahrain Bangladesh Barbados Belarus Belgium Belize Benin Bermuda Bhutan Bolivia Bosnia and Herzegovina Botswana Bouvet Island Brazil British Virgin Islands British Indian Ocean Territory Brunei Darussalam Bulgaria Burkina Faso Burundi Cambodia Cameroon Canada Cape Verde Cayman Islands Central African Republic Chad Chile China Christmas Island Cocos (Keeling) Islands Colombia Comoros Congo, Democratic of the Congo Cook Islands Costa Rica Croatia Cuba Cyprus Czech Republic Denmark Côte d'Ivoire Djibouti Dominica Dominican Republic East Timor Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Estonia Ethiopia Falkland Islands (Islas Malvinas) Faroe Islands Fiji Finland France French Guiana French Polynesia Gabon French Southern Territories Gambia Georgia Germany Ghana Gibraltar Greece Greenland Grenada Guadeloupe Guatemala Guam Guernsey Guinea Guinea Bissau Guyana Haiti Hong Kong Heard Island and McDonald Islands Holy See (Vatican City State) Honduras Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Iran, Islamic Republic of Iraq Ireland Israel Isle of Man Italy Ivory Coast Jamaica Japan Jordan Jersey Korea Kazakhstan Kenya Kiribati Korea, Democratic People's Republic of Korea, Republic of Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Lao People's Democratic Republic Latvia Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Libyan Arab Jamahiriya Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Macedonia, the former Yugoslav Republic of Macau Madagascar Malawi Malaysia Maldives Mali Malta Marshall Islands Martinique Mauritania Mauritius Mayotte Mexico Micronesia, Federated States of Moldova Monaco Mongolia Montenegro Montserrat Morocco Mozambique Myanmar Namibia Nauru Nepal Netherlands Netherlands Antilles New Caledonia New Zealand Nicaragua Niger Nigeria Niue Norfolk Island Northern Mariana Islands Norway Oman Pakistan Palau Panama Palestinian Territory, Occupied Papua New Guinea Paraguay Peru Philippines Pitcairn Poland Portugal Qatar Puerto Rico Réunion Romania Russia Rwanda Saint Helena Saint Barthélemy Saint Lucia Saint Kitts & Nevis Saint Martin Saint Pierre & Miquelon Saint Vincent & the Grenadines Samoa San Marino Sao Tome and Principe Saudi Arabia Senegal Serbia Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Slovakia Slovenia Solomon Islands Somalia South Africa South Georgia and South Sandwich Islands Soviet Union Spain Sri Lanka Sudan Suriname Svalbard and Jan Mayen Swaziland Sweden Switzerland Syrian Arab Republic Taiwan Tajikistan Tanzania, United Republic of Thailand Togo Timor-Leste Tokelau Tonga Trinidad and Tobago Tunisia Turkey Turkmenistan Turks and Caicos Islands Tuvalu Uganda Ukraine United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United States of America Uruguay United States Minor Outlying Islands Uzbekistan Vanuatu Vatican City State Venezuela Vietnam Virgin Islands, British Virgin Islands, U.S. Wallis and Futuna Yemen Western Sahara Zambia Zimbabwe World Asia Indochina Europe England Scotland Middle East Asia-Pacific Global Asean * Country req'd State* -- Select -- NSW QLD VIC SA WA ACT NT TAS * State req'd Post Code* * Post Code req'd Birth Year* -- Select -- 2017 2016 2015 2014 2013 2012 2011 2010 2009 2008 2007 2006 2005 2004 2003 2002 2001 2000 1999 1998 1997 1996 1995 1994 1993 1992 1991 1990 1989 1988 1987 1986 1985 1984 1983 1982 1981 1980 1979 1978 1977 1976 1975 1974 1973 1972 1971 1970 1969 1968 1967 1966 1965 1964 1963 1962 1961 1960 1959 1958 1957 1956 1955 1954 1953 1952 1951 1950 1949 1948 1947 1946 1945 1944 1943 1942 1941 1940 1939 1938 1937 1936 1935 1934 1933 1932 1931 1930 1929 1928 1927 1926 1925 1924 1923 1922 1921 1920 1919 1918 1917 * Birth year required Employment Role* -- Select Role -- IT Business Owner IT Executive IT Professional IT Entry-level IT Sales Non IT Business Owner Non IT Executive Non IT Professional Non IT Entry-Level Non IT Sales Other If 'Other', enter below: * Role required Company Size* -- Select Size -- 1 - 9 10 - 49 50 - 99 100 - 249 250 - 499 500 - 999 1000 - 2499 2500+ * Company Size required I only want to subscribe to the Daily newsletter I'd also like to subscribe to: Weekly newsletter Atomic, Hyper and Gaming newsletter Gadgets and Stuff newsletter Downloads newsletter Already have an account? Log in here. Processing registration... Please wait. This process can take up to a minute to complete. Please check your email A confirmation email has been sent to your email address - SUPPLIED EMAIL HERE. Please click on the link in the email to verify your email address. You need to verify your email before you can start posting. If you do not receive your confirmation email within the next few minutes, it may be because the email has been captured by a junk mail filter. Please ensure you add the domain @pcauthority.com.au to your white-listed senders. Click here to close this message Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
9to5Mac 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Android Chrome/OS Guides Android Android Wear Android Auto Nexus Chromebook Google Apps Android TV YouTube Trending in Google Corporate Hands-on with Toast’s real-wood cover for the Google Pixel/Pixel XL [Gallery] Trending in Google Corporate Best Android phones you can buy [February 2017] Trending in Google Corporate Comment: Lenovo’s new Yoga A12 Android tablet is just begging to be a Chromebook Trending in Google Corporate Opinion: Five features that I want with the second-generation Google Pixel Trending in Google Corporate Google Home now supports over 70 apps and services, here are some of the most useful Trending in Google Corporate Hands on with Colorware’s new skins for Google Pixel/Pixel XL [Gallery] February 14 GOOG: 820.45 1.21 Cloud Spanner beta brings Google’s globally-distributed database solution to third-party developers Abner Li - Feb. 14th 2017 1:15 pm PT @technacity Google Cloud Platform Cloud Spanner View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit Used internally to run several large services, Google is making its Spanner globally-distributed database solution available for third-party developers. Cloud Spanner is launching in public beta today with the promise of bringing both consistency and scaling to mission-critical applications… At the moment, developers building cloud applications have to make some conscious trade-offs. Traditional SQL databases are known for their stability, while NoSQL solutions scale better and are more efficient at data-processing but at the expense of consistency. Facing the same problems, Google set out in 2007 to build a database that combined the best aspects of both without the downsides. Since publishing a paper in 2012 , Spanner has been used to run several large Google services, like the Play Store and AdWords. With Cloud Spanner, Google hopes to offer both consistency and scalability in a single, fully managed service to third-parties. Primary advantages over existing solutions include: Focus on your application logic instead of spending valuable time managing hardware and software Scale out your RDBMS solutions without complex sharding or clustering Gain horizontal scaling without migration from relational to NoSQL databases Maintain high availability and protect against disaster without needing to engineer a complex replication and failover infrastructure Gain integrated security with data-layer encryption, identity and access management and audit logging Offered alongside existing Google Cloud Platform services, Cloud Spanner scales based on usage with a simple “pay for what you use” pricing model. It’s definitely going to be a bit of developer-ese for those unfamiliar, but here’s Google’s video for Cloud Spanner: Guides Google Cloud Platform View THe Guide Cloud Spanner View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options. Post to Cancel
NEWS l l CHANNELS GamesBeat AI AR/VR Big Data Bots Business Cloud Dev Enterprise Entrepreneur Esports Marketing Media Mobile PC Gaming Security Social Transportation Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Advertise EVENTS l l VB EVENTS Upcoming Events GET INVOLVED Sponsor Speaker Media Partner Volunteer Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Advertise RESEARCH l l CATEGORIES Marketing Tech Mobile Gaming Miscellaneous LEARN MORE VB Top Ten Subscription Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Advertise ‹ NEWS › CHANNELS GamesBeat Entrepreneur AI Esports AR/VR Marketing Big Data Media Bots Mobile Business PC Gaming Cloud Security Dev Social Enterprise Transportation ‹ EVENTS › VB EVENTS Upcoming Events GET INVOLVED Sponsor Media Partner Speaker Volunteer ‹ RESEARCH › CATEGORIES Marketing Tech Gaming Mobile Miscellaneous LEARN MORE VB Top Ten Subscription ‹ VENTUREBEAT › About Advertise Careers Contact Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars BUSINESS South Korean antitrust investigation looks to determine if Google doomed Samsung’s Tizen platform Evan Blass@evleaks February 14, 2017 2:17 PM Tags: Android, antitrust, Google, Samsung, Tizen, top-stories Google is facing antitrust scrutiny yet again, with South Korea’s Fair Trade Commission (FTC) announcing that it’s investigating the U.S. search giant to determine if it obstructed mobile partner Samsung’s development of its homegrown smartphone platform, Tizen. As reported by the English version of the Korea Times, investigators are focusing on an Anti-Fragmentation Agreement between the two companies in which Samsung agreed not to fork Android in developing its own operating system. (Other companies, like Amazon and Xiaomi, use forked Android builds, based on the Android Open Source Project (AOSP) to power their devices.) Because of the agreement, which ensured that Samsung would not leverage its market dominance in Android smartphones to deprive Google of the revenue it generates from its licensed, commercial version of the platform, the Korean company was forced to develop Tizen as an OS incompatible with the plentiful Android app catalog. Furthermore, the FTC said that it was revisiting another antitrust investigation into Google, this one stemming from the Mobile Application Distribution Agreement it also entered with Samsung. MADA stipulates that commercial Android licensees give prominent on-device positioning to Google’s own services, and a 2013 investigation looked into whether it was harming other domestic search providers, such as Naver and Daum. While Google was cleared at the time because officials determined competitors’ market shares were not being significantly affected, changing market dynamics have apparently convinced regulators to take a fresh look at the situation. Google has faced antitrust scrutiny in nearly all of the major markets in which it operates, including the U.S., Europe, and Russia. While the company has so far escaped penalties in its home country, both Russia and the European Union have found it in violation of antitrust protections. ABOUT CONTACT CAREERS ADVERTISE Terms of Service Privacy Policy © 2017 VentureBeat. All rights reserved.
Sections SEO SEM Mobile Local Retail Google Bing Social Home Submit Follow Us Follow SEO SEM Mobile Local Retail Google Bing Social More Submit Follow SUBSCRIBE Subscribe Search Engine Land AdWords Auctions Here's how Google's own ads impact bids & pricing AMP Change Google makes it easier to share publishers' real URLs Subscribe to SearchCap SUBSCRIBE SEO SEM Mobile Local Retail Google Bing Social Home Industry Get the best search news, tips and resources, delivered each day. SUBSCRIBE SearchCap: Google featured snippets and ask box, link building & more Barry Schwartz on February 14, 2017 at 4:00 pm More Below is what happened in search today, as reported on Search Engine Land and from other places across the web. From Search Engine Land: Google featured snippets now often followed by the ‘people also ask’ box Feb 14, 2017 by Barry Schwartz The “People also ask” gets more frequent and prominent placement in Google. Want to speak at SMX Advanced? Here’s how Feb 14, 2017 by Chris Sherman The agenda for our upcoming SMX Advanced 2017 show is live, and we’ve opened up our “speaking pitch” form for select sessions for the show, June 13–14, 2017, at the Bell Harbor International Conference Center in Seattle. To increase your odds of being selected, be sure to read the agenda. Understand what the sessions are […] 179 reasons to attend MarTech San Francisco — Rates increase next week! Feb 14, 2017 by Search Engine Land Marketing technology is growing rapidly, and the magnitude of the next MarTech conference (San Francisco, May 9–11) keeps pace. This event is doubling in size from just one year ago to provide you with the insights, intelligence and strategies to drive your digital transformation and improve your customer experiences! The range of expert insights and […] Build Your Ultimate Martech Stack Feb 14, 2017 by Digital Marketing Depot It’s not enough to build a martech stack; you’ve got to build the right stack for your organization. Strategy, efficiency, integration and resources all play significant roles in martech stack decisions. Join martech expert Matt Heinz and Act-On’s senior director of marketing services and operations, Linda West, as they discuss the stack-building challenges facing marketers […] Seasonal and holiday link building Feb 14, 2017 by Andrew Dennis It’s not too early to start thinking about Valentine’s Day 2018! Columnist Andrew Dennis explains how to structure a link-building campaign for success during crucial seasonal periods and provides an outline for preparing 12 months in advance. How to use psychological principles to improve ad copy Feb 14, 2017 by Jason Puckett Columnist Jason Puckett explains how you can apply knowledge about human behavior to improve ad copy and increase click-through rate. Recent Headlines From Marketing Land, Our Sister Site Dedicated To Internet Marketing: New for 2017 — Enterprise SEO Platforms: A Marketer’s Guide Facebook turns sound on by default in videos, debuts TV apps 7 tips for small manufacturers thinking about using AdWords Why machine learning is critical to multi-touch attribution ‘Things to do near me’ SEO 179 reasons to attend MarTech San Francisco – rates increase next week! Mobile makes up 21 pct. of online spending in Q4, as digital commerce reaches $109 billion Publishers Clearing House attributes 26 percent revenue lift to header bidding 4 ways to grow your return on personalization Ready for GDPR? This white paper points you in the right direction How ads on Google for its own products can impact the prices other advertisers pay 2017 Hashtag Bowl winners: Congrats To Twitter, Anheuser-Busch & Eggo Brands’ Snapchat viewerships have increased despite Instagram’s rise, per Snaplytics Build Your Ultimate Martech Stack Search News From Around The Web: Industry Ammon Johns, SEO Legend & Fixture, GoFundMe, Search Engine Roundtable Local & Maps Street View comes to Ghana and Senegal, Google Earth Blog Link Building Link Building Case Study – Passively Obtained Natural Backlinks, EricWard.com Searching Bing Adds Image Search Filters for Suggested & Disambiguation Queries, The SEM Post DuckDuckGo Has Plans to Be More Than Just a Search Engine, Search Engine Journal The Evolution Of Voice Search, PPC Hero SEO 5 SEO Wins to Boost Your Website’s Traffic, Search Engine People 7 SEO Rules Every Marketer Should Know, SEM Rush Google Search Console Updates Crawl Status/Errors Report For Mobile Apps, Search Engine Roundtable Google’s Gary Illyes Did You Know Tweets Share Known SEO Knowledge, Search Engine Roundtable How a Website Redesign Increased Organic Traffic [CASE STUDY], Search Engine Journal Is Google poised to shake up recruitment SEO?, impression.co.uk Ranking Factors, sistrix.com SEO: The Best Aren’t Always Transparent, ahrefs.com Subfolders, Subdomains, Microsites and SEO: Everything you need to know, Stone Temple The 2017 Local SEO Forecast: 10 Predictions According to Mozzers, Moz The Myth of the Google Update, SEO Theory SEM / Paid Search Flowers, Greeting Cards, Food & Gifts This Valentine’s Day in Paid Search Advertising, AdGooroo Yoast SEO 4.3: It’s time for Spanish, Yoast About The Author Barry Schwartz Barry Schwartz is Search Engine Land's News Editor and owns RustyBrick, a NY based web consulting firm. He also runs Search Engine Roundtable, a popular search blog on very advanced SEM topics. Barry can be followed on social media at @rustybrick, +BarrySchwartz and Facebook. For more background information on Barry, see his full bio and disclosures, click over here. Related Topics Channel: IndustrySearchCap Sponsored We're listening. Have something to say about this article? Share it with us on Facebook, Twitter or our LinkedIn Group. Attend Our Conferences March 21-23, 2017: SMX West June 2017: SMX Advanced October 24-26, 2017: SMX East × Attend SMX - Click Here Learn More About Our SMX Events Gain new strategies and insights at the intersection of marketing, technology, and management. Our next conference will be held: May 9-11, 2017: MarTech San Francisco October 2-4, 2017: MarTech Boston × Attend MarTech - Click Here Learn More About Our MarTech Events Take the MarTech Quiz Think you know martech? Find out by taking this 3-minute quiz. See how you score and share it with friends! Let's Get Started White Papers User Engagement Top 100 Report: Email Marketing in E-Commerce Diversity is Key to Understanding Corporate Video 6 Steps to Creating High Converting Native Ads The Facebook Advertising Ecosystem The Digital Marketer’s Guide to AI-Powered CRO See More Whitepapers Webinars Build Your Ultimate Martech Stack Intro to Agile Marketing: Work faster and smarter by changing how you work Creative is Complicated: Tips for better brand/agency collaboration See More Webinars Research Reports Content Marketing Tools B2B Predictive Marketing Analytics Platforms Social Media Management Software Call Analytics Platforms Paid Media Campaign Management Platforms B2B Marketing Automation Platforms See More Research The Periodic Table of Seo Success Sign up for our daily newsletter. SUBSCRIBE Follow Us © 2017 Third Door Media, Inc. All rights reserved.
Slate Sign In Sign Up Google and Disney Sever Ties With YouTube Star PewDiePie Over Anti-Semitic Videos Google and Disney Sever Ties With YouTube Star PewDiePie Over Anti-Semitic Videos Slate Sign In Sign Up Slate Brow Beat Slate's Culture Blog Feb. 14 2017 4:55 PM Google and Disney Sever Ties With YouTube Star PewDiePie Over Anti-Semitic Videos By Marissa Martinelli   Felix Kjellberg's channel has more than 50 million subscribers. Photo by John Lamparski/Getty Images Felix Kjellberg, the Swedish YouTube star better known by his alias, PewDiePie, has lost contracts with Google and Disney after a Wall Street Journal report pointed out anti-Semitic language and imagery in his videos. Kjellberg’s channel, which features a mix of humor, opinion, and gaming videos, has the most subscribers on YouTube with more than 53 million. Disney-owned Maker Studios was the first to sever ties, according to the Journal, apparently in response to the publication's inquiries. A spokesperson told Variety: “Although Felix has created a following by being provocative and irreverent, he clearly went too far in this case and the resulting videos are inappropriate. Maker Studios has made the decision to end our affiliation with him going forward.” Advertisement Google-owned YouTube followed suit, cancelling the second season of Kjellberg’s reality show, Scare PewDiePie (which is produced by The Walking Dead’s Robert Kirkman) and removing him from Google Preferred, an aggregate program that connects advertisers with YouTube’s most popular channels. Google had previously removed ads from some of the videos. The Wall Street Journal flagged nine videos, three of which have reportedly since been pulled from the site, as having anti-Semitic or Nazi-related comments and imagery. One of the videos in question, which has not yet been taken down, is a prank video in which Kjellberg pays two men to hold up a sign that reads “Death to All Jews” via the freelance website Fiverr. “I didn’t think they would actually do it,” Kjellberg says in the video, after the men display the sign and begin dancing. Kjellberg responded to the controversy in a Tumblr post. “I make videos for my audience. I think of the content that I create as entertainment, and not a place for any serious political commentary,” he wrote. “As laughable as it is to believe that I might actually endorse these people, to anyone unsure on my standpoint regarding hate-based groups: No, I don’t support these people in any way.” Marissa Martinelli is a Slate editorial assistant.   Load Comments Powered by Livefyre Slate Sign In Sign Up FOLLOW SLATE Twitter Facebook Instagram SLATE ON IPHONE ANDROID KINDLE Reprints Advertise with us ABOUT US CONTACT US WORK WITH US USER AGREEMENT PRIVACY POLICY FAQ FEEDBACK CORRECTIONS Slate Group Panoply Slate is published by The Slate Group, a Graham Holdings Company. All contents © 2017 The Slate Group LLC. All rights reserved. Slate Slate Sign In Sign Up
TechRepublic Search GO CXO Cloud Big Data Security Innovation More Software Data Centers Networking Startups Tech & Work All Topics Sections: Photos Videos All Writers Newsletters Forums Resource Library Tech Pro Free Trial Editions: US United States Australia United Kingdom Japan Newsletters Forums Resource Library Tech Pro Free Trial Membership Membership My Profile People Subscriptions My stuff Preferences Send a message Log Out TechRepublic Search GO Topics: CXO Cloud Big Data Security Innovation Software Data Centers Networking Startups Tech & Work All Topics Sections: Photos Videos All Writers Newsletters Forums Resource Library Tech Pro Free Trial Editions: US United States Australia United Kingdom Japan Membership Membership My Profile People Subscriptions My stuff Preferences Send a message Log Out Artificial Intelligence What Google Assistant can and cannot do in Google Allo If you're trying to understand how Google Assistant works in Google Allo compared to in Pixel devices, here's a rundown of what you need to know. By Jack Wallen | February 14, 2017, 12:57 PM PST RSS Comments Facebook Linkedin Twitter More Email Print Reddit Delicious Digg Pinterest Stumbleupon Google Plus Image: Jack Wallen Google's new Pixel phone comes with a number of bells and whistles that you cannot find in other iterations of Android. One such feature is Google Assistant, an intelligent personal assistant that allows you to use a very powerful AI to engage in sort of Google Now powered two-way conversations. If you don't own one of the coveted Pixel phones, you can gain some semblance of Google Assistant by way of Google Allo. Unlike the official Assistant app, Google Allo is a smart messaging app that has a bit of Google Assistant baked in. With Google Allo's Assistant, you can get some features that are available on the Pixel phone. Let's look at what you can and cannot do with the Allo iteration of Google Assistant. SEE: Amid security concerns, Google's Allo virtual assistant is still worth a look (TechRepublic) What you can do with Google Assistant through Google Allo Deeper searching One of the more useful things you can do with Allo's Google Assistant is have a conversation about a topic. Say, for instance, you want to know the capital of Zimbabwe. Ask Google Assistant, and it will answer, "Harare." Want to know what the weather is like in Harare? Simply ask Google Assistant "and what is the weather there?" (Figure A). Follow-up questions is one of the areas in which Allo's Google Assistant shines—so much so that you'll find yourself leaning on the pared-down version of Assistant before you opt for a standard Google search. It's that good. Figure A Allo's Google Assistant shines at answering your questions. Add calendar appointments Another incredibly handy feature in Allo's Google Assistant is the ability to add calendar appointments via conversational mode. Open Allo, tap Google Assistant, tap the microphone button, and say "Add a calendar event for tomorrow." Google Assistant will ask for specifics about the appointment, and then it will add the event to your calendar (Figure B). Figure B Adding a calendar appointment with Allo's Google Assistant is quite easy. Search your history in Google Assistant If you've already run a search or received any information from Google Assistant in a conversation, you can quickly recall that information by running a search. When you're in the Google Assistant chat, tap the menu button on the upper right corner and then tap Search. In the Search field, type what you're looking for, and Allo's Google Assistant will reveal all of the related results (Figure C). Figure C Searching your Allo's Google Assistant history. Read bar codes and recognize landmarks While in Allo's Google Assistant conversation, tap the + button and then snap a photo of a bar code. Once the photo is taken, tap the Send button to send the photo to Assistant. In return, Google Assistant will provide information about the product associated with that bar code, such as a purchase link and ratings (Figure D). Figure D Allo's Assistant can assist even with just an image. Assistant can also recognize landmarks, products, and logos. Snap a photo, send it to Google Assistant, and you'll get information about that photo. Access your photos on Google Drive If you use Google Photos, Allo's Assistant can present you with your photos. Tap the mic button and say "my photos from yesterday," and Allo's Google Assistant will show all of the photos you uploaded to Google Drive yesterday, or whatever date you specify (Figure E). Figure E Allo's Google Assistant showing off photos from Google Drive. The "my day" command Although originally not part of Allo's Google Assistant, the "my day" command has managed to cross the divide between the official Google Assistant and Allo. From within Allo's Google Assistant, speak the command "my day," and Assistant will list all of the appointments scheduled for the next several days that are in your Google Calendar. SEE: Google Allo: Don't use it, says Edward Snowden (ZDNet) What Allo's Google Assistant cannot do You may be wondering, "So what can the official Google Assistant do that Allo's Assistant cannot?" I'm glad you asked. Here's the short list of what you cannot do with Allo's Google Assistant; it's interesting to note that, a few months ago, this list was significantly longer. There are more tricks up Google Assistant's sleeve (regardless of how you access it), but this list will get you up and running. Access Google Assistant from any screen More about Mobility Super Bowl 51 makes digital history with record-breaking data usage Mobile phone use expected to top 5.5 billion devices by 2021 Personal digital assistants: The current lineup Subscribe to our Mobile Enterprise newsletter With the non-Pixel version of Google Assistant, you can only access the app from within Allo; on a Google Pixel phone, you can access Assistant in the same way as you can access Google Now on a regular Android device—from any screen, the "Okay Google" command will call up Assistant. That's a pretty convenient feature. Launch apps On Allo's Google Assistant, you can say "Open Facebook," and Assistant will present you with an app launcher that you must tap to launch. With the Pixel iteration, you can simply say "Open Facebook," and the app will launch. This convenience goes a long way to bringing true hands-free operation to life. Take photos The Pixel version of Google Assistant allows you to take truly hands-free photos. Just say "take a photo" or "take a selfie," and Assistant will take a photo using either the front-facing camera (for photo) or the rear-facing camera (for selfie). No more having to use a camera timer. Add to Google Keep If you use Google Keep for things like shopping lists, Google Assistant can add to them. Say "add to shopping list," and Google Assistant will ask what to add. Sadly, Allo's Google Assistant cannot handle lists. The future of Android Google Assistant is the future of the Android platform. My guess is Google will eventually roll out the full-blown app baked into Android so you won't have to purchase a Pixel to enjoy the complete feature set. For more Android news and tips, subscribe to our Mobile Enterprise newsletter. Subscribe Also see 8 tips for using Google Allo (CNET) Goodbye Google Now Launcher, hello Pixel Launcher (TechRepublic) How to use Instant Tethering on your Google Pixel or Nexus device (TechRepublic) I love my Pixel XL camera (but I still carry my DSLR) (TechRepublic) Google Assistant: The smart person's guide (TechRepublic) Google Pixel phone: The smart person's guide (TechRepublic) Comments Facebook Linkedin Twitter More Email Print Reddit Delicious Digg Pinterest Stumbleupon Google Plus About Jack Wallen Jack Wallen is an award-winning writer for TechRepublic and Linux.com. He’s an avid promoter of open source and the voice of The Android Expert. For more news about Jack Wallen, visit his website jackwallen.com. Full Bio Contact See all of Jack's content Google+ jlwallen × Full Bio Jack Wallen is an award-winning writer for TechRepublic and Linux.com. He’s an avid promoter of open source and the voice of The Android Expert. For more news about Jack Wallen, visit his website jackwallen.com. Powered by Livefyre Add your Comment Editor's Picks Inside Amazon's clickworker platform: How half a million people are paid pennies to train AI How K9s became a secret weapon for solving high-tech crimes How driverless cars will be the first robots we learn to trust #WeAreNotWaiting: Diabetics are hacking their health Latest From Tech Pro Research Electronic communication policy Quick glossary: Robotics Hiring kit: Data architect Drug and alcohol abuse policy Services About Us Membership Newsletters RSS Feeds Site Map Site Help & Feedback FAQ Advertise Reprint Policy Explore Blogs Downloads TechRepublic Forums Meet the Team Tech Pro Research Resource Library Photos Videos © 2017 CBS Interactive. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | Cookies | Ad Choice | Terms of Use | Mobile User Agreement A ZDNet site | Visit other CBS Interactive sites: Select SiteCBS CaresCBS FilmsCBS RadioCBS.comCBS InteractiveCBSNews.comCBSSports.comChowhoundClickerCNETCollege NetworkGameSpotLast.fmMaxPrepsMetacritic.comMoneywatchmySimonRadio.comSearch.comShopper.comShowtimeTech Pro ResearchTechRepublicThe InsiderTV.comUrbanBaby.comZDNet
GoodGearGuide TwitterFacebookLog In Phones & Tablets Smartphones Tablets & eBook readers Apps Broadband Computers Laptops/Notebooks Desktop PCs Monitors PC Components Networking Printers & Imaging Servers & Storage Software & services Security Gadgets Gadgets Home GPS & Car Tech MP3 Players Headphones Wearables Business Centre Business Centre Home Mobility & Wireless Networking Office Hardware Security Servers & Storage Whitepapers Home Entertainment Home Entertainment TVs Projectors Games Cameras Digital Cameras Digital Video Action Cameras Mirrorless Cameras Cars Shop PC World > News > Google’s new cloud service is a unique take on a d... Google’s new cloud service is a unique take on a database Google Cloud Spanner provides users with a highly available database running on Google's infrastructure Blair Hanley Frank (IDG News Service) on 15 February, 2017 04:00 0 - - - - print email IDG Google has turned a database service that it uses to run some of its mission-critical products into an offering for its public cloud customers. On Tuesday, the company launched Cloud Spanner, a new, fully managed database that’s supposed to provide the transactional consistency of a traditional database plus the scalability and performance of a NoSQL database. It’s based on the same systems that run the company’s own Spanner database internally. Usually, businesses have to pick either a traditional or a NoSQL database, and each comes with particular trade-offs. Traditional databases provide better transactional consistency, but can be hard to scale. NoSQL databases are better at scaling but sacrifice consistency. Cloud Spanner is designed to reduce those trade-offs, and it's also delivered as a fully managed service. Among other things, that means Google will manage hardware, software and replication of content for a database that can span multiple data centers. The service will be useful for companies that need millisecond-level consistency in their databases worldwide, according to Nick Heudecker, a research director at Gartner. In an interview, he called out financial services and advertising as two industries that might benefit from Cloud Spanner. Heudecker did point out that the service will require companies to port existing applications, which may prove challenging. Google is working with partners to help customers move over, according to Deepti Srivastava, the product manager for Cloud Spanner. Cloud Spanner has generated more interest than most new Google services, based on response to a closed alpha test, Srivastava said. Cloud Spanner grew out of a project that began in 2007, when a team of Google employees set out to solve the problem of choosing between NoSQL and traditional databases. That led to a paper, published in 2012, describing the company’s Spanner database, which uses a number of novel techniques, including atomic and GPS clocks inside data centers to maintain time consistency. Spanner is used to operate Google services like AdWords and Google Play. According to the company, it can handle tens of millions of queries per second. That pedigree is a feature of Cloud Spanner that appealed to Peter Bakkum, the platform lead at Quizlet. The education software company, which offers a popular set of study tools for students, is evaluating how to scale its database infrastructure. Quizlet has been testing Cloud Spanner since the closed alpha phase and may end up using the service to replace its existing setup of MySQL databases. Refactoring Quizlet’s applications to use Cloud Spanner will require work, but that's true of all the possible upgrade paths, Bakkum said. “We need a fundamentally different architecture to do scaling, and any of those solutions have a difficult migration path,” he said. Cloud Spanner’s popularity may be throttled somewhat by Google’s position in the cloud market. While the company has been aggressive in releasing new capabilities and improving its services to attract new customers, its use still lags behind that of Amazon Web Services and Microsoft Azure. Using Cloud Spanner means bringing data to Google’s cloud platform and building an application that targets it. While some companies are comfortable working with multiple cloud providers, not all of them are. That said, Gartner's Heudecker said Google is the only major cloud provider offering a product like this one and it will be hard for rivals to catch up. “Cloud Spanner is not just software,” Heudecker said. “It is the union of software, hardware — in the form of atomic clocks in Google’s data centers — and an incredibly robust network connecting their data centers together. So it’s not just writing code. It’s a lot of investment and a lot of operational expertise that Google excels at.” Right now, Cloud Spanner instances can only exist in one of Google's cloud regions, though they'll be replicated across multiple availability zones inside those regions. In the future, Cloud Spanner customers will be able to have one database that's kept in sync across multiple regions. Win one of 3x HP OfficeJet Pro 8720 All-in-One Printers this month* More from HP Inc Join the PC World newsletter! Join Error: Please check your email address. Tags Google Our Back to Business guide highlights the best products for you to boost your productivity at home, on the road, at the office, or in the classroom. Keep up with the latest tech news, reviews and previews by subscribing to the Good Gear Guide newsletter. Blair Hanley Frank IDG News Service Tweet Print this article Email this article Show Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Broadband Speed Test Essentials Lexar® JumpDrive® S57 USB 3.0 flash drive Learn more > Samsung portable 1TB T3 drive Learn more > UE Boom 2 Bluetooth speaker Learn more > Linksys AC5400 MU-MIMO Gigabit router Learn more > Epson EcoTank Expression ET-2500 Learn more > Smart LED Bulb LB130 Learn more > Microsoft L5V-00027 Sculpt Ergonomic Keyboard Desktop Learn more > Everki ContemPRO Roll Top Laptop Backpack Learn more > Mobile 3SIXT Ultra HD Sports Action Camera Learn more > Lexar® JumpDrive® S45 USB 3.0 flash drive  Learn more > Acer Swift 7 Learn more > Lexar® Portable SSD  Learn more > Belkin MIXIT Metallic Lightning to USB Cable Learn more > Google Daydream VR headset Learn more > Logitech G403 Prodigy mouse Learn more > Surface Book Learn more > Huawei Mate 9 Learn more > Exec Blade 28 backpack by Arc’teryx Learn more > Audio-Technica ATH-ANC70 Noise Cancelling Headphones Learn more > Lexar® JumpDrive® C20c USB Type-C flash drive  Learn more > HP Pavilion x360 13” Learn more > Lexar® Professional 1800x microSDHC™/microSDXC™ UHS-II cards  Learn more > Surface Pro 4 Learn more > HD Pan/Tilt Wi-Fi Camera with Night Vision NC450 Learn more > Garmin Fenix Chronos smartwatch Learn more > Dell XPS 13 laptop Learn more > Dell P2715Q Learn more > Dell Inspiron 5000 series 2-in-1 Learn more > Budget Smart Wi-Fi Plug HS110 Learn more > Lifeproof Fre phone case Learn more > Evapolar USB air conditioner review Learn more > Canon EOS 1300d Learn more > Jabra Sport Pace earbuds Learn more > Boost Mobile SIM Learn more > Oppo R9s Learn more > Samsung 960 EVO M.2 hard drive Learn more > Back To Business Guide Click for more › Most Popular Reviews 1 ​Huawei Mate 9 full in-depth smartphone review 2 ​ZTE Axon 7 review: Is ZTE dumping old stock on Australia? 3 ​Oppo R9s smartphone full review 4 ​Finally! LG OLED TV 2016 range review 5 ​Huawei Nova Plus smartphone review Latest News Articles US legislation revived to curb warrantless geolocation tracking ​Venom Blackbook Zero 14 laptop review 5G progress at Ericsson could help enterprises work worldwide What happens if your thermostat is hacked? Researchers name the top 7 security threats A.I. faces hype, skepticism at RSA cybersecurity show Resources Business Centre The latest business news, reviews, features and whitepapers Online Shop Visit our shop for the best deals on hot products Videos Watch our video news and reviews from around the world Guides Comprehensive buying guides, features, and step-by-step articles GGG Evaluation Team Michael Hargreaves Dell XPS 13 I’d happily recommend this touchscreen laptop and Windows 10 as a great way to get serious work done at a desk or on the road. Kathy Cassidy STYLISTIC Q702 First impression on unpacking the Q702 test unit was the solid feel and clean, minimalist styling. Anthony Grifoni STYLISTIC Q572 For work use, Microsoft Word and Excel programs pre-installed on the device are adequate for preparing short documents. Steph Mundell LIFEBOOK UH574 The Fujitsu LifeBook UH574 allowed for great mobility without being obnoxiously heavy or clunky. Its twelve hours of battery life did not disappoint. Andrew Mitsi STYLISTIC Q702 The screen was particularly good. It is bright and visible from most angles, however heat is an issue, particularly around the Windows button on the front, and on the back where the battery housing is located. Good Gear Guide Evaluation Team Featured Content How to quit Pokemon Go (or to start enjoying it again) ​Huawei Mate 9 full in-depth smartphone review Time to ditch Foxtel and the iQ3: How to replace Foxtel packages with cheaper alternatives What's the difference between an Intel Core i3, i5 and i7? Laser vs. inkjet printers: which is better? Latest Jobs Latest Jobs TPFront End DeveloperWA CCTelecommunication Operations SpecialistTAS TPSolution Architect - IntegrationQLD FTDynamics AX Functional Consultant (Manufacturing and Trade & Logistics Modules)VIC TPProject Support OfficerQLD CCAgile CoachWA CCWorkbrain Functional ExpertNSW TPSenior Test AnalystQLD TPDigital Strategist - Newcastle BasedNSW FTSenior Frontend DeveloperNSW CCTest AnalystWA TPIT Project CoordinatorVIC FTSalesforce Technical Business AnalystQLD CCArcSight Security Engineer - Contract - IT Services - SydneyNSW FTPHP DeveloperQLD CCProject / Portfolio SchedulerNSW CCNetwork Specialist - IPAM TelcoVIC FTMicrosoft Dynamics AX Finance ConsultantNSW CCData Centre Design Engineer - Data Centre - TelcoVIC FTSenior Dot Net Backend Orientated DeveloperNSW FTProject Delivery Manager | PortfolioQLD CCWicked Front-End DeveloperQLD FTFront End UI DeveloperQLD TPSoftware EngineerWA CCMicrosoft Systems EngineerVIC Back to top • Home Share this article: Twitter Facebook Google+ Log In Don’t have an account? Sign up here Product Categories Broadband Desktop PCs Digital Cameras Digital Video Gadgets Games GPS & Car Entertainment Headphones Home Appliances Home Entertainment Mobile Phones Monitors MP3 Players Networking Notebooks PC Components Printers & Scanners Projectors Security Servers & Storage Software & Services TVs Reproduction in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of IDG Communications is prohibited. Copyright 2013 IDG Communications. ABN 14 001 592 650. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy Disclaimer Popular IDG articles South Australia aims to cut costs with CSC deal computerworld.com.au US legislation revived to curb warrantless geolocation tracking cso.com.au How to work with millennials cio.com.au CSC wins landmark South Australian Government IT outsourcing deal arnnet.com.au CMO's top 8 martech stories for the week - 16 February 2017 cmo.com.au Contact Us Advertise with us Editorial Contacts With over 25 years of brand awareness and credibility, Good Gear Guide (formerly PC World Australia), consistently delivers editorial excellence through award-winning content and trusted product reviews. Don't have an account? Sign up now Forgot password?
Our Paper Paper Archive Our Apps Daily Horoscope Home News Sport Showbiz & TV Life & Style Travel Tech Pics Casino Gaming Reviews Tech News Home Tech Tech News Google Doodle Valentine's Day 2017 Mini Game is seriously addictive: Here's how to play Google Doodle Valentine's Day 2017 Mini Game is seriously addictive: Here's how to play GOOGLE has released its Valentine's Day game, which lets players control a pangolin. Don't know what that is? Neither did we, but it's SUPER addictive on your desktop computer, smartphone, or tablet. By James Wright / Published 14th February 2017 GOOGLE/GETTY Google has unveiled a Valentine's Day themed mini game To celebrate Valentines Day, Google has released a brand new Google Doodle themed around the day of love. This latest Google Doodle takes over the US search engine's homepage in countries around the world, including Canada, United States, Argentina, Australia, France, UK and more. It's an incredibly addictive interactive game which lets players control a pangolin (it's a little mammel, a bit like an Anteater), racing around a series of maze's collecting items. There are four levels in total; but truth be told it's so addictive we bet you play some levels over and over again. Each lasting three minutes and available to play on desktop and laptop computers, players have to use the arrow keys to navigate the little fella and use the Space Bar to make the pangolin jump. If you want to play on your mobile, like say the iPhone 7 or Google Pixel, you will be given two virtual arrow keys on screen, as well as a dedicated jump button. Google Maps - how to find the Playboy bunny hiding in a field Tuesday, 11th October 2016 THERE'S a Playboy hiding in this field and here's how to find it. 1 / 8 GOOGLE MAPS Google Maps Playboy Bunny - how to find her For its latest Doodle, Google worked in collaboration with World Wildlife Fund to help spread awareness about the pangolin. "Pangolins are the most trafficked mammal in the world, and all 8 species face a significant threat from poachers and smugglers," Google posted on its blog. "Check out the World Wildlife Fund to learn more about the the pangolin’s plight and to support WWF’s efforts to save the pangolin and other endangered species." Google also includes a link so that players can choose to donate and help the plight of the helpless endangered pangolins. Related Articles iPhone 8 features - Did Apple CEO Tim Cook just tease a major new iPhone addition? Essential Xbox One feature FINALLY arrives after years of waiting, but PS4 owners miss out Your Sky TV box has an epic SECRET feature we bet you've never used The easiest way to launch the game is to head to the Google homepage – Google.co.uk – and hit the play symbol. Those who miss-out on the Google homepage game on Valentine's Day are still able to play. Google archives its Doodles in a dedicated blog, click here to play the 2017 Valentine's Day Doodle game on your iOS or Android device. Related articles Sonos UK price rise - why Brexit is to blame for you having to pay 25% more for your tech Nintendo Switch Price DROP: Buy new games console for under £200 - saving £80! Pokemon GO News: SECRET Update is big Gen 2 hint as Silph Road say 'Something is brewing' Comments Tech News More Nokia is about to relaunch its most famous mobile phone (and it's here VERY soon) THE Nokia 3310 is making a comeback – with Nokia reportedly planning a release date in the coming weeks. Here's everything you need to know. Your Sky TV box has an epic SECRET feature we bet you've never... Google Doodle Valentine's Day 2017 Mini Game is seriously addi... iPhone 8 features - Did Apple CEO Tim Cook just tease a major ... Sonos UK price rise - why Brexit is to blame for you having to... iPhone 8 release date tipped to see Apple launch brand new siz... The Pirate Bay ALERT - This official warning WILL put you off... This WhatsApp feature needs to be turned on by everyone - here... Nokia P1 release date, full specification, features, price and... Tech News More Kodi box SHOCK - five arrested over illegal streaming of movies and popular TV shows KODI users warned after five people selling "FULLY LOADED" boxes were arrested last week. iPhone 8 release date - major new feature means future iPhone ... New iPad Pro release date - Apple could launch revamped super ... WhatsApp UPDATE - Bet you didn't know this could happen to you... Android Wear 2.0 release UPDATE - Apple Watch rival just added... Samsung Galaxy S8 release date, specs, features and everything... Leaked Samsung Galaxy S8 photo shows off stunning new iPhone-b... How to download YouTube videos - there's now an easier way to ... Sky, Virgin Media and BT price rise - Broadband bills rocket b... Tech News More iPhone 8 release date - Apple's new smartphone could be launching sooner than you think THE Apple iPhone 8 looks set to feature some radical changes and this new smartphone could get its grand unveiling earlier than originally expected. Popular porn site Brazzers BANNED with millions left unable to... Samsung Galaxy S8 release date – Why owning this phone could l... Watch porn? Popular TV has been tracking everything you view a... End of The Pirate Bay? Virgin Media and Sky customers have 20 ... Samsung Galaxy A5 2017 - Best deals and how to get Galaxy S7 E... Samsung S7 edge Android Nougat UPDATE - Why this latest upgrad... Would you snitch on bad drivers to earn £10 with this new app? Amazon Echo UPDATE - Meet the hidden feature you’ll really wis... Home Paper Archive Weather Our Paper Sitemap Contact Advertise Site Archive News Latest News Weird News Columnists Daily Star Sunday Journalists Sport Football Rugby League Motorsport Other Racing Boxing UFC Showbiz & TV Celebs Hot TV Big Brother X Factor Strictly Music Movies Britain's Got Talent I'm A Celebrity Wired TOWIE Dancing on Ice The Valleys Life & Style Real Life Love & Sex Diet & Fitness Fashion & Beauty Health Just Jane Horoscopes Cars Competitions FUN Jackpot Millions Our Apps Paper Archive Games Travel Travel News Adventure Beach Party Tech Gaming Reviews Tech News Pics Celebrity Galleries Pictures Weird Galleries Sport Galleries Gaming and Tech Galleries NS Terms & Conditions Privacy Cookies Policy Syndication and Licensing Site By Netro42 Copyright ©2017 Express Newspapers. "Daily Star" is a registered trademark. All rights reserved.
News Deals Cell Phone Plans Apps & Games Reviews The Best Forums more Giveaways Features How To Android Development About Contact Advertise Privacy Policy VRSource SoundGuys TabTimes Charged Trending Pixel XL OnePlus 3T Huawei Mate 9 LG G6 Galaxy S8 Android Authority newsletter The best way to stay connected to the Android pulse. Our main newsletter is the Android Weekly which is sent every Sunday and contains all the top Android news, reviews and features from the past week. The best way to stay connected to the Android pulse. Android Weekly Breaking News Alerts Trending Articles Review Alerts Deals Alerts View previous campaigns 100% Privacy, No Spam Policy: We value privacy and your email address will be 100% secure. We hate spam just like you do and will never send you too much email, nor will we ever share your information with anyone. Buy now! Name: Subject: Message: How to use Android Instant Apps Apps & Games Features How To Newsby Jimmy Westenberg2 days ago 14 1441 29 At Google I/O 2016, we got our first look at a wonderful new feature coming to Android called Instant Apps. Basically, Instant Apps allow you to access a cloud-based version of the app on your Android phone without requiring you to install it from the Play Store. This will not only save users time and effort, but they’ll also allow companies to let people demo what’s essentially a full version of their app before installing it. If you’ve been waiting since last May to try this feature out for yourself, we have some good news. Google is finally rolling out Instant Apps, but only to a select number of users at the moment. I have the feature working on my Nexus 6P running Android 7.1.1, and numerous other reports state that the Pixel and Pixel XL, running Android 7.1.2, are also gaining support for Instant Apps. But now that Instant Apps are rolling out to a number of additional users, let’s talk about how to use them. To find out if your Android device has access to Instant Apps, follow the instructions below. To get the process started, you’ll first need to enable Instant Apps on your Android device. This is as easy as turning on a switch in your phone’s settings menu. How to enable Android Instant Apps Navigate to your phone’s Settings menu. Scroll down and tap Google under the Personal category. Under the Services category, select Instant Apps. Tap the toggle on the top-right of the screen. Read through the instructions card (and Play Terms of Service, if you really want to), then tap Yes, I’m in. Great! You’re halfway there! Once you’ve completed the steps listed above, you’re now ready to search for and use Instant Apps. More applications will be added to the Instant Apps lineup in the future, but as of right now, the list of supported apps is pretty short: Wish, Viki, Buzzfeed and Periscope. We’ve only been able to make Wish work with Instant Apps so far. Since this appears to be a server-side rollout, you may be able to access the other three applications in the near future. Below you’ll find instructions on how to find and use Instant Apps. How to use Android Instant Apps On your Android device, perform a Google search for one of the supported applications listed above. Scroll down and select the app listing that includes the word Instant (as shown below). Tap Open app. Once the Instant App loads up, you can use it just like you would with any other app that’s been downloaded via the Google Play Store. In Wish’s case, you can access your account, browse through products, and even order things without installing the app to your phone. If you do want to download the Wish app, however, that process is pretty easy from here. Pull down your notification shade, then tap App info. From here you can install the app, clear the app’s data, and even see which permissions it’s been granted. Tapping the Install button will bring up a new card, allowing you to install the app right from that screen. If you’d rather view the Google Play Store listing, just tap the overflow menu button (three vertical dots), then tap View on Google Play. Overall, the process seems to be pretty seamless, at least once the Instant Apps toggle is enabled on your phone. And remember, Instant Apps are still slowly rolling out to users, so you might need to wait a little longer to use the feature. There’s no doubt that Instant Apps will be a huge hit in the future; they have so much potential right now, especially for shopping applications like Wish. Have you been able to use Android Instant Apps on your device yet? If so, we’d love to hear your thoughts in the comments below! Apps & Games Features How To News Android Instant Apps, wish Android Instant Apps, wish Jimmy Westenberg Lover of all things Android, Star Wars, dogs, coffee and music. Show 14 comments The Best   Best Android phones androidauthority   Best Drones charged   Best Wireless Bluetooth Earbuds soundguys   Best Headphones of 2017 soundguys Sunday Giveaway   Google Pixel XL International Giveaway! 4 days ago57 comments Subscribe to Our Weekly Newsletter SUBSCRIBE The field is required Please enter a valid email address Latest News HTC One A9 gets Android Nougat update on Sprint 48 minutes ago Here’s a look at the Huawei P10 in blue, gold and green 2 hours ago Google Phone 8.0 adds voicemail sharing and minor visual tweaks 2 hours ago Huawei may add to the already crowded field of voice-based digital assistants 6 hours ago LG G6 will have new UX for its 18:9 display, camera to have Square and Food m... 7 hours ago Android Authority APP Get it on About Contact Advertise Privacy Policy Your source for all things Android! About Contact Advertise Privacy Policy © 2017 Android Authority | All Rights Reserved.
Skip to content MilTech pr@satprnews.com Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 14 February 2017 by Military News Mobile Optimization Increases in Importance in 2017 Switch Lead provides mobile SEO services to help websites boost Google rankings PHILADELPHIA, PA – FEBRUARY 14, 2017 – Your business will likely lose out on customers if its website isn’t optimized for mobile devices. The Switch Lead search engine optimization firm provides mobile SEO services to help you break that trend. Google rolled out its mobile-friendly algorithm over the past two years, boosting the ranking of mobile-friendly websites. It reportedly works both ways. Having a website optimized for mobile devices can boost your Google rankings, while not having a mobile-optimized website can lower rankings. Google recognizes that it isn’t enough to have websites optimized for desktop users. The search engine giant provides a website that tests whether web pages are mobile-friendly. Why should business owners care whether their websites are mobile-friendly? The desktop version of a website may be difficult to view and use on a mobile device. Users must pinch or zoom into the site so that they can read the content. This can cause mobile device users to be frustrated and search elsewhere for the information they need. Strategies designed to brand companies and increase online marketing should definitely include how to reach mobile-device users. A Pew Research Center survey shows that 95 percent of Americans now own a cellphone, including 77 percent who own a smartphone. That’s up from 35 percent when Pew conducted its first survey of smartphone ownership in 2011.  More people are searching on-the-go. They are also searching the web more for services and products available in their community. The days of potential customers grabbing their phone books are over. They now search online to find companies in their community. That changes what keyword phrases they use to find answers. Boosting local search engine results takes knowing what people are typing in to find products and services in their city. Mobile SEO experts like Switch Lead give business owners an edge when it comes to local search engine optimization. Switch Lead starts with a full website SEO audit to determine what improvements a website needs. It analyzes every aspect of a website including: • Site architecture • URL slugs • Content • Navigation systems • Linkings to internal pages • Backlinks that link from other sites to your web pages The search engine optimization firm focuses on creating high-quality content to boost the authority of a company’s website. It diversifies content to help increase traffic and engagement. Switch Lead’s SEO strategy includes using location keywords related to a business’s location. Customers often include the name of their city in their search queries. Switch Lead prepares for this. The higher a business ranks in Google, the more likely a customer will pay attention. Switch Lead helps companies make the changes needed to increase their Google search engine ranking. For more information about Switch Lead, visit its website at http://switchlead.com or call 1-800-213-6906. Media Contact Company Name: Switch Lead Contact Person: Ronaldo Stewart Email: Send Email Phone: 800.213.6906 Address:1818 Market St. #2611 City: Philadelphia State: PA Country: United States Website: http://switchlead.com CategoriesUncategorized Tagsattention, Books, Business, Companies, company, lose, Markets, Services Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Aires Technologies Offering Proven Technology to Protect People from Harmful Radiation Next PostNext ASG Technologies ayuda a las empresas gestionar sus servicios de contenidos con la nueva evolución de su ECM Search our contacts Search for: Search Recent Posts La Essl Collection se transfiere a ALBERTINA La collection Essl transférée au musée ALBERTINA Le Nouvel Espace de Guian fait paraître le plan de 2017 mettant l’accent sur les entreprises de mégadonnées Le Nouvel Espace de Guian fait paraître le plan de 2017 mettant l’accent sur les entreprises de mégadonnées Essl Collection Transferred to the ALBERTINA Proudly powered by WordPress
Continue to site >> Login My Account Get Alerts TheStreet Alerts Email Newsletters In Case You Missed It Before the Bell Jim Cramer's Daily Booyah Midday Bell Top 10 Winners & Losers Register For Newsletters Action Alerts PLUS Charitable Trust Portfolio Jim Cramer's Best Stocks of 2017 Most Recent Trade Alert 25 Investing Rules 10 Trading Commandments Mad Money Recap Real Money Jim Cramer's Best Stocks of 2017 25 Rules of investing 10 Commandments Stressed Out Stocks Cramer's Blog Investing Much More Cramer Mad Money BizTV Election 2016 ETFs Financial Advisor Center Futures How to Spend Banking Biotech Markets Options Personal Finance Retail Retirement Tech Stock Picks Video Latest News Subscribe SUBSCRIPTION SERVICES Action Alerts PLUS Action Alerts OPTIONS Daily Swing Trade Dividend Stock Advisor Growth Seeker Quant Ratings Real Money Real Money Pro Stocks Under $10 Top Stocks Trifecta Stocks SUBSCRIPTION BUNDLES Portfolio PLUS Real Money Pro Portfolio Chairman's Club FREE TheStreet MainStreet Compare All Subscription Services DJIA S&P 500 NASDAQ Markets Today How Google Maps Is Making Money with Maps Google is revamping maps to compete with Yelp TheStreet Staff Feb 14, 2017 2:43 PM EST Google ( GOOGL) Maps users can now bookmark favorite places and create custom lists. This helps Google generate more data and compete with Yelp ( YELP) . Companies can pay to stand out on maps with "promoted pins." They are often accompanied with a company's logo. Revamped local business pages allow businesses to share more information and provide special offers. Google says it is considering ads that pop up as you navigate along your route. This article was written by a  staff member of TheStreet. If you liked this article you might like Avoid Apple and Buy Home Depot Instead While these stocks may be priced similarly, the home improvement giant is a much better value. Chiradeep BasuMallick Feb 15, 2017 9:32 PM EST Stay Long, This Bull Is Strong: Cramer's 'Mad Money' Recap (Wednesday 2/15/17) Don't get upended by the rhetoric. The transports are confirming, banks are solid, there's a genuine uptick in commerce and earnings are strong, says Jim Cramer. Bret Kenwell Feb 15, 2017 8:44 PM EST Procter & Gamble: Cramer's Top Takeaways Jim Cramer talks about what makes Procter & Gamble such a great consumer-products company. Scott Rutt Feb 15, 2017 8:43 PM EST Cramer: If You Think I'm Drinking the Kool-Aid, Swallow This Some tried-and-true indicators show what's really going on with the market. Jim Cramer Feb 15, 2017 3:34 PM EST Trending Avoid Apple and Buy Home Depot Instead What Buffett, Icahn and Other Billionaire Investors Are Buying in the Trump Era Cisco's Numbers Weren't Spectacular, But Good Enough In This Market Stay Long, This Bull Is Strong: Cramer's 'Mad Money' Recap (Wednesday 2/15/17) Here's What Peltz Might Have In Store for P&G Advertising Partners Hot Topics Pharma Blue-Chip Cramer on Apple Stocks Under $10 Best High-Yielders Tech Stocks Top Dividend Stocks Home Cramer Banking Biotech Election 2016 ETFs Futures Investing Opinion Personal Finance Retail Tech Video Featured Topics Jim Cramer Mad Money Stock Market Today Dow Jones Today Dividend Stocks Gold Price Silver Prices Copper Prices Oil Prices Sections ©1996-2017 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved. Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc. Popular Pages Best Stocks Best Stocks to Buy High Dividend Stocks Stock Market Holidays Earnings Calendar Ex Dividend Date ETF Ratings Mutual Fund Ratings Best Online Brokers Subscriptions Action Alerts PLUS Action Alerts OPTIONS Daily Swing Trade Dividend Stock Advisor Growth Seeker Quant Ratings Real Money Real Money Pro Stocks Under $10 Top Stocks Trifecta Stocks Portfolio PLUS RMP Portfolio Chairman's Club Stay Connected Feedback About Us Write For TheStreet Investor Relations Advertise Reprints Customer Service Employment Privacy Policy Terms of Use Topic Archive Video Sitemap Data Affiliate Press Room ©1996-2017 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved. Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc. Compare Brokers
printed February 16, 2017 See this page online at: http://www.phonescoop.com/articles/article.php?a=18742 ≡ Reviews Phones Phone Finder News Carriers OSes Glossary Forums Register Log In Advertising Licensing About Contact Privacy Terms of Use Home  ›  News  › 5 Best Unlocked Smartphones Article Comments  3   Tuesday, 2:00 PM   by Eric M. Zeman   @phonescooper Unlocked smartphones let you use your device on the carrier of your choice, whether at home or travelling overseas. Though unlocked phones tend to be pricey, you can't really put a price on the freedom they offer. Here are our picks for the five best flagship-class unlocked phones available right now. AD       article continues below... Background The phones sold at carrier stores are by-and-large locked to the carrier that sells them. There are exceptions, but for the most part an AT&T-branded phone will only work on AT&T's network and so on. The benefit of buying a carrier device is that you can spread out the cost over 12-24 months, making that $700 price tag more palatable. At the same time, device financing ties you to that carrier until the device is paid off. That stinks. This is why unlocked phones are so appealing. Removing the financial obligation to your carrier allows you to insert any SIM card in an unlocked phone for service. Have a T-Mobile account at home, but want to use Vodafone in the U.K.? Go for it! The downside? You almost always have to pay full price for an unlocked handset. When you're looking at high-end smartphones, that means shelling out a lot of green all at once. Where do unlocked phones work? Most include GSM (2G), HSPA (3.5G), and LTE (4G) radios, while a few also include CDMA (Sprint/Verizon 3G) radios. The vast majority of unlocked handsets will operate well on AT&T and its Cricket Wireless prepaid service, as well as T-Mobile and its MetroPCS prepaid service, not to mention a good selection of carriers overseas. Unlocked support for Sprint and Verizon is more limited, but not entirely out of the question if you know what to look for. It all depends on which LTE bands are supported inside the phone. 1. Google Pixel / Pixel XL Google's Pixel phones offer a lot to like. The hardware is perhaps a little ho-hum compared to the eye-pleasing designs pushed out by Samsung, but the Pixel and Pixel XL are still well-made (by HTC, no less) and deliver a fine experience for those who like metal-body handsets. The Pixel XL's high-resolution screen, in particular, is appealing as a tool for virtual reality. More importantly, the camera is very good and Google gives Pixel owners unlimited storage of full resolution photos and 4K video. The battery is about average, but wireless performance is good for an unlocked handset. The Pixels belong to a small fraternity of devices that actually run the latest version of Android 7 Nougat. More importantly, the Pixel and Pixel XL run an unadulterated version of Android 7 with the Pixel Launcher on board. That means some neat exclusives, such as the Google Assistant and a commitment from Google for consistent system updates. The 32 GB models cost $649 for the Pixel and $769 for the XL. The 128 GB models cost $100 more each. Verizon sells the Pixel with a two-year financing plan — but so does Google. You can snag the Pixel starting at $27 per month, or the XL starting at $32. The phones support LTE Bands: 1 / 2 / 3 / 4 / 5 / 7 / 8 / 12 / 13 / 17 / 20 / 25 / 26 / 28 / 29 / 30 / 41, which make them widely compatible with networks around the world. If you want the best of Android and Google services, the Pixel / Pixel XL are the only choice. Buying directly from Google gets you the unlocked version with the option to finance. 2. Apple iPhone 7 and 7 Plus Apple's iPhone 7 and 7 Plus may not be all that different from the iPhone 6 or iPhone 6s generations of hardware, but they are still worth your while. Apple's hardware is outdated, but still high quality. You'll get a good screen, excellent wireless performance, and outstanding camera results. The battery on the 7 Plus is truly amazing. Some might gripe about the lack of a headphone jack, but the waterproof chassis will save the iPhone 7 from the worst spills or accidental dunks in the pool. The user interface from Apple is clean and easy to use, has a wide selection of apps, and useful tools like 3D Touch. Apple updates most of its devices with the latest version of iOS on a regular basis. Though all the national carriers sell iPhones, Apple will let you pick up an unlocked variant through its web site or at an Apple Store. The iPhone 7 starts at $649 and the 7 Plus starts at $769. To get the unlocked model you'll have to pay full price at the register, or finance the phone through Apple's credit card partner. BarclayCardUS will let you buy an iPhone 7 interest free (as long as you have good credit) if you pay it off in 18 months. Both iPhone support LTE Bands: 1 / 2 / 3 / 4 / 5 / 7 / 8 / 12 / 13 / 17 / 20 / 25 / 26 / 27 / 28 / 29 / 30 / 40 / 41, which, again, makes them highly compatible with global LTE networks. Be sure to tell Apple you want the "SIM-free" version, which offers the most flexibility for connecting to LTE networks both in the U.S. and abroad. 3. Huawei Mate 9 Huawei's flagship handset is a near masterpiece for the Android set. The Mate 9 is really big thanks to the 5.9-inch screen, but has a pleasing design, lightning fast fingerprint reader, and unique dual-camera system. I wish Huawei had selected a higher-resolution display, but the battery life is absolutely amazing. It delivers ample support for LTE bands, two SIM cards, and other niceties such as expandable storage. The phone ships with Android 7 and a rather aggressive user interface skin from Huawei. Most apps and services run flawlessly. It supports LTE Bands: 1 / 2 / 3 / 4 / 5 / 7 / 8 / 12 / 17 / 20 / 26 / 28 / 29 / 40 / 41, which is a very good selection. Huawei sells the phone via its own web site, but also through U.S. online retailers including Amazon, BestBuy, and Newegg. The Mate 9 costs $599, which is a bit less than the Pixel and iPhone. Amazon and BestBuy will offer you interest-free financing through their own branded credit cards (generally over 12-24 months), but Newegg requires the full price. 4. OnePlus 3T Most people probably haven't heard of OnePlus, as this burgeoning, China-based maker of cellphones is still trying to find a clear path into the U.S. market. That shouldn't put you off, as OnePlus makes fine hardware and the OnePlus 3T in particular is a great phone. Things I like about the 3T: great design and build quality, excellent screen, good wireless and battery performance, and a solid camera. OnePlus did a fine job in creating a usable handset that boasts solid specs, but doesn't break the bank. It runs a modified version of Android that OnePlus calls OxygenOS. Don't let the nomenclature put you off: this thing runs really smoothly and is easier to use than the Mate 9's clunkier software. Moreover, OnePlus has already updated the 3T to Android 7 Nougat. It supports LTE Bands: 1 / 2 / 4 / 5 / 7 / 8 / 12 / 17 / 30, which isn't the broadest range, but is still more than adequate for use in the U.S. At $439, the OnePlus 3T is a relative bargain. It's much less painful to pick up than the Pixel or iPhone, and it's nearly as good. You can find it online via OnePlus' web site. It comes in 64 GB and 128 GB variants. I couldn't find any financing options. 5. Motorola Moto Z Play Motorola has a whole series of Z-branded smartphones. The Z Droid, Z Force Droid, and Z Play Droid are all sold by Verizon Wireless. The good news here is that Motorola offers an unlocked version of the Z and Z Play through its web site. The Z Play is the least expensive and lowest-spec'd of the three phones, but that's what makes it the best bargain. The Z Play has the same basic design language of the two high-end phones with performance that's almost as good, and in some respects better. Most importantly, it's compatible with all the same “Moto Mods” modular accessories of the other Z phones. That means it works with snap-on batteries, speakers, cameras and more, according to Motorola. The Z Play has a nice screen, a good-enough camera, solid wireless performance, and fine build quality. The best feature? The Z Play's battery. This phone offers two days of high-level use, which is far more than most other phones on the market. Toss in a relatively clean build of Android 7 Nougat and you have a winning combo. It supports LTE Bands: LTE 2 / 3 / 4 / 5 / 7 / 13. This may seem somewhat limited when compared to the Pixel or iPhone, but it works really well on U.S. carriers. The Moto Z Play costs $449. You can customize it from MotoMaker.com. There are no financing options available. X Related Motorola Announces Moto Mods Finalists Motorola Debuts Two New Mods for Moto Z Series Motorola May Create Project Tango Mod for Moto Z more Motorola Moto Z Play Droid news Motorola Moto Z Play Droid specs & features Motorola Moto Z Play Droid user reviews Virtual Reality Comes to the Web Thanks to Chrome Google Distributes First Preview of Android 7.1.2 Pixel and Nexus Phones Snag January Security Patch more Google Pixel news Google Pixel specs & features Google Pixel user reviews 'Instant Tethering' Makes Your Pixel A Hands-Free Hotspot Google Home Gains More Home Automation Powers Review: OtterBox Commuter for Google Pixel XL more Google Pixel XL news Google Pixel XL specs & features Google Pixel XL user reviews Comments Start a new discussion You must log in to post. Charles Bigelow Yesterday, 12:23 PM 5 Best Unlocked Smartphones I would have included the ZTE Axon 7 premium edition. Gives the One Plus a true run for its money. reply PhoneMaster Tuesday, 5:43 PM Galaxy S7 I would have also included the Galaxy S7 unlocked variant (i.e., the "U" variant). A little expensive but is one of the best unlocked phones there is. reply bones boy Tuesday, 2:16 PM Great write up Eric - one addition The Oneplus 3T can accept dual SIMs. That is a HUGE plus for a world traveler such as me. One tray holds my world roamer SIM (Truphone or Piranha) and leaves the other for any in-country SIMs that might be a better value. Or you can use two SIMs with different preferred roaming lists - like Piranha and Truphone. Anyway it's a convenience I would not want to travel without. reply     Page  1  of 1 Tweet this Follow @phonescoop on Twitter Email this Subscribe to news & reviews with RSS     Subscribe to Phone Scoop News with RSS Follow @phonescoop on Twitter Phone Scoop on Facebook Subscribe to Phone Scoop on YouTube Follow on Instagram   About Contact Terms of Use All content Copyright 2001-2017 Phone Factor, LLC. All Rights Reserved. Content on this site may not be copied or republished without formal permission. 2 OK This is a preview. Click for full glossary page. Log In  or  Register Forgot password By registering, you agree to our Terms of Use. We value your privacy and will never share your email address. (full privacy policy)
This web site uses cookies to improve your experience. By viewing our content, you are accepting the use of cookies. To find out more and change your cookie settings, please view our cookie policy. Edition: Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan Go Videos Smart City Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security Enterprise IoT more Data Centers Thought Leadership Apple Mobility IoT Enterprise Software Hardware See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Newsletters All Writers Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out Go Menu Videos Smart City Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security Enterprise IoT Data Centers Thought Leadership Apple Mobility IoT Enterprise Software Hardware See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out us Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan Google adds the last piece to its cloud database stack The beta release of Cloud Spanner introduces a data platform that provides organizations with a unique taste of Google's global scalability. By Tony Baer (Ovum) | February 14, 2017 -- 18:36 GMT (10:36 PST) | Topic: Big Data Analytics Google takes the wraps off, announcing a public beta for the new Cloud Spanner database service. (Image: Google/Usenix.org) Over the past 18 months, Google has transformed itself from sleeping giant to long-term challenger to the likes of AWS and Azure for the cloud. And last summer, Google rolled out key pieces of its data platform including several SQL and NoSQL databases. Read this Hadoop big data analytics: Can SQL support bring it to the masses? For businesses that want to run analytics on low-cost Hadoop clusters, fully compliant SQL is now possible natively on the big data platform, according to Actian. Read More Now, Google has added the last piece of the puzzle. Significantly, it is one that is not (yet) duplicated by AWS or Azure: Google Cloud Spanner. It's one of those legendary Google platforms for which the public has only received access through published research papers. It provides the underlying distributed transaction processing platform for the F1 relational database that powers the core of Google's revenue machine: AdWords. It's been rumored for a while. This week, Google takes the wraps off, announcing a public beta for the new Cloud Spanner database service. It will provide a globally distributed cloud-based transactional database with SQL support and strong consistency, which blows out in scale anything else currently on the market. It is the same Spanner database that Google has described in research papers, but now with an API accessible through the Google Cloud Platform (GCP). While Google is pitching it for use cases such as global database consolidation, our take is that in the short run it's best suited for new generation use cases that are being disrupted by data that lives in the cloud, such as global supply chain management. Cloud Spanner takes its place alongside Cloud SQL for more modest ecommerce deployments; Cloud Bigtable as the key/value NoSQL database for large scale reads and writes; Cloud Datastore as the document database for user profiles and online gaming; Big Query for data warehousing; and Cloud Dataproc for Hadoop and Spark. For the most part, Google's database portfolio lines up with Amazon AWS and Microsoft Azure, but Cloud Spanner is, literally, the big exception. Of course, the key question for Cloud Spanner is whether it's for companies that are not of Google's scale. A hard nut to crack The trick with distributed transaction databases is balancing the conflicting needs for keeping records consistent (the "C" of "ACID") while also keeping the database available. Normally when you update a record, you must lock it to avoid two (or more) conflicting updates coming in at once, cancelling each other out and/or corrupting the data. That means several things. First, the most common use cases for distributed databases have involved either operational scenarios (e.g., updating user profiles, managing live gaming interactions), where ACID requirements are not so steep, or analytics, which won't have the issue of transaction updates. Secondly, transactional database platforms have emerged to deal with the distributed challenge. There was Oracle RAC (Real Application Clusters), which relied on a multi-tiered architecture involving a cluster manager. Then came a wave of NewSQL databases that provided varying approaches to maintaining consistency. More recently, sharding became popular with NoSQL data stores such as MongoDB, and SQL transactional databases such as Amazon Aurora and Oracle. With sharding, you're not necessarily distributing the database per se, but partitioning tables across storage arrays to improve access and performance across one or more instances. Big and Consistent Spanner changes our assumptions about scale, such as that transaction databases can't grow as large as analytic ones. While we may have become jaded to the idea of Hadoop clusters running thousands of nodes, Spanner's global scale is mind-boggling: It can run on up to millions of nodes across hundreds of data centers, handling up to trillions of rows. And, by the way, it's designed to run 24/7. Google is positioning Spanner as a fully managed, mission-critical relational database service with Five 9s availability that will deliver strong consistency and global scale. While Google in its research paper termed Spanner as a semi-relational database with a query language that was SQL-like, the commercial offering will be mostly ANSI SQL 2011 compliant. There will also be access through client libraries in languages such as Java, Python, Go, Node.js, and Ruby, and there will be a JDBC driver for integrating with third-party BI and data integration tools. The origins of Spanner should sound familiar: Google developed it when its implementation of MySQL ran out of gas. When it reached tens of terabytes, Google engineers had to manually shard the database -- the last such effort took a couple years. While Google also had Bigtable, a NoSQL database from which HBase was later derived, it wasn't designed for global ACID compliance. Spanner got over that hump with automated sharding and replication that would balance storage of data globally. While Spanner automates placement of data, applications can control where the data physically goes. That is critical for global databases where data sovereignty laws require data to be stored inside national borders or for scenarios where you want to control data locality to optimize performance. Like many distributed transaction databases, it uses a form of Paxos mechanism where commits are determined by a consensus of which node to make the leader (the one that has the authority to commit the change). Google claims that its Paxos implementation is faster than most open source implementations available in the wild. The secret sauce of Spanner is Google's TrueTime API, the global wall clock with operations that are too detailed to review here (the Spanner research paper will tell you plenty). This is what keeps Spanner in sync. Suffice it to say that all commits are time stamped, and time stamps are applied once the system has verified the actual time. Or, to quote the Spanner research paper, "The API directly exposes clock uncertainty... If the uncertainty is large, Spanner slows down to wait out that uncertainty." Well, slowing down in this case means latencies of maybe 10 milliseconds or so. So, who needs all this scalability? The push for distributed transaction databases has been driven by the internet -- where interaction is global and the expectation of customers is for continuous uptime. The classic examples include online commerce or gaming, where customers will not tolerate delays because the database needs to update their record. Google is promoting Cloud Spanner for use cases such as database consolidation or for NoSQL applications that need more robust transactional consistency. The obvious niche is globally distributed applications that require a single consistent database. Global trading systems come to mind; today, these systems are typically divided into multiple regional instances with wide area, near real-time replication. There is also a potential play for database consolidation there. But keep in mind that there is plenty of inertia from enterprises when it comes to switching transaction systems -- and for very good reasons. These systems run the core of the business, which is the last thing you want to disrupt. Unlike analytics or operational use cases, transaction systems typically don't create new revenue opportunities. Transaction processing is highly complex, with household names like Oracle, SQL Server, or DB2 having decades of development behind their robust engines. Challengers to the old order will be considered guilty till proven innocent. For instance, under the covers, Spanner's architecture differs a bit from SQL databases. The onus of proof will be on Google to prove that Spanner has the full SQL compatibility and support that enterprises expect. As challenger, Google will compete on price. But established providers like Oracle won't shrink from pricing wars. The real challenge by Google won't come overnight. But Google is well positioned to play the long game, with the architecture of Spanner being sufficiently unique that it could redefine globalized transaction processing over the long haul. Video: Google goes completely green to tackle climate change Join Discussion Powered by Livefyre Add your Comment Related Stories Big Data Analytics Spark gets faster for streaming analytics Big Data Analytics Singapore central bank sets up data analytics unit Big Data Analytics Pitney Bowes has telco providers in its location analytics sights Big Data Analytics Spark Summit spotlights Machine Learning, but that's not all × Thank You Please review our terms of service to complete your newsletter subscription I agree to the Terms of Use, Privacy Policy and Video Services Policy. I understand I will receive a complimentary subscription to TechRepublic's News and Special Offers newsletter, and the Daily Digest newsletter (you can opt out at any time). ACCEPT & CLOSE Newsletters You have been successfully signed up. To sign up for more newsletters or to manage your account, visit the Newsletter Subscription Center. See All See All ZDNet Connect with us © 2017 CBS Interactive. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | Cookies | Ad Choice | Advertise | Terms of Use | Mobile User Agreement Visit other CBS Interactive sites: Select SiteCBS CaresCBS FilmsCBS RadioCBS.comCBSInteractiveCBSNews.comCBSSports.comChowhoundCNETCollege NetworksGameSpotLast.fmMaxPrepsMetacritic.comMoneywatchmySimonRadio.comSearch.comShopper.comShowtimeTechRepublicThe InsiderTV.comUrbanBaby.comZDNet Topics All Authors Galleries Videos About ZDNet Meet The Team Site Map RSS Feeds Reprint Policy Manage | Log Out Log In to ZDNET | Join ZDNet Membership Newsletters Site Assistance
MLive Michigan Ann Arbor Bay City Detroit Flint Grand Rapids Jackson Kalamazoo Lansing Muskegon Saginaw All Michigan Menu Home Set Your Edition Michigan News Sports High School Sports Weather Business Obituaries/In Memoriam Jobs Autos Real Estate Entertainment Food & Dining Lifestyle Opinion Photos & Videos Become a Member Classifieds Celebrations Find&Save Local Businesses Place an Ad Follow Us Subscribe Back to Main Menu Automotive Crime Databases Education Environment Health Lottery Obituaries Politics & Elections U.S. & World Weather Regions News subscriptions Back to Main Menu Statewide Ann Arbor Bay City Detroit Flint Grand Rapids Grand Rapids-Area Towns Jackson Kalamazoo Lansing Muskegon Saginaw Back to Main Menu Newsletters Our Newspapers RSS Feeds Back to Main Menu Lions Pistons Red Wings Tigers Broncos Cardinals Chippewas Eagles Lakers Spartans Wolverines Small Colleges More Sports Back to Main Menu Auto Racing Boxing Golf Outdoors West Michigan Whitecaps Great Lakes Loons Grand Rapids Griffins Kalamazoo Cobras Kalamazoo Wings Muskegon Lumberjacks Saginaw Spirit Flint Firebirds Kalamazoo Growlers Grand Rapids Drive Back to Main Menu Boys Basketball Girls Basketball Football Wrestling Boys Ice Hockey Boys Swimming Boys Bowling Girls Bowling Competitive Cheer Girls Gymnastics Boys Skiing Girls Skiing Girls Ice Hockey Off Season Sports Back to Main Menu Girls Volleyball Boys Soccer Girls Soccer Baseball Softball Boys Cross Country Girls Cross Country Boys Track and Field Girls Track and Field Boys Golf Girls Golf Boys Tennis Girls Tennis Boys Lacrosse Girls Lacrosse Boys Water Polo Girls Water Polo Field Hockey Boys Rowing Girls Rowing Boys Rugby Equestrian Back to Main Menu Forecasts from Mark Torregrossa Michigan Weather News Radar & More Back to Main Menu Automotive Statewide Ann Arbor Jackson & Lansing Metro Detroit Mid-Michigan West Michigan More Business Back to Main Menu Business Resource Center Michigan Jobs Press Releases Back to Main Menu View current obituaries Place obituary Back to Main Menu Homes for Sale New Homes For Rent Foreclosures Commercial Real Estate News Resources Back to Main Menu Home Buying Sell My Home Rental Living Home Ideas Mortgages and Loans I'm Moving Back to Main Menu Dining Out Event Listings Post an Event Michigan's Best Movies & Reviews Television Music & Reviews Comics Celebrities Puzzles Back to Main Menu Dining Out Cooking & Recipes Healthy Eating Michigan's Best Beer Drinks Wine Back to Main Menu Celebrations Health & Fitness Home & Garden Travel Back to Main Menu By Region Back to Main Menu Statewide Ann Arbor Bay City Detroit Flint Grand Rapids Jackson Kalamazoo Lansing Muskegon Saginaw Back to Main Menu Videos Ann Arbor Photos Bay City Photos Detroit Photos Flint Photos Grand Rapids Photos Jackson Photos Kalamazoo Photos Lansing Photos Muskegon Photos Saginaw Photos Back to Main Menu Manage your Subscriptions My Michigan Membership Benefits eReplica Newsletters Our Newspapers RSS Feeds Back to Main Menu Ann Arbor/Detroit Jackson/Lansing Flint Saginaw Bay City Grand Rapids Muskegon Kalamazoo/Battle Creek Back to Main Menu Visit our Facebook Page Follow us on Twitter Visit us on Google Plus Back to Main Menu The Ann Arbor News The Bay City Times The Flint Journal The Grand Rapids Press Jackson Citizen Patriot Kalamazoo Gazette Muskegon Chronicle The Saginaw News Ann Arbor Bay City Detroit Flint Grand Rapids Jackson Kalamazoo Lansing Muskegon Saginaw All Michigan Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search Search MLive Account Sign In Close Sign in to MLive You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Subscribe The Ann Arbor News The Bay City Times The Flint Journal The Grand Rapids Press Jackson Citizen Patriot Kalamazoo Gazette Muskegon Chronicle The Saginaw News Michigan Change Region U.S. & World News from MLive.com Google's Valentine's Day Doodle shines light on endangered mammal through video game Posted on February 14, 2017 at 3:10 PM This Thursday, Jan. 3, 2013, file photo shows Google's headquarters in Mountain View, Calif.(Marcio Jose Sanchez | AP) By Matt Durr MOUNTAIN VIEW, CA -- As millions of Americans celebrate Valentine's Day Tuesday, Google has combined a love story with a video game to raise awareness of an endangered species. The "Pangolin Love" Doodle can be played by visiting Google's home page. Players simply use their keyboard to play the game right on the Google website. The story features a pangolin's journey to meet its Valentine in time for dinner. The journey progresses through four different levels as the story unfolds. Google worked with the World Wildlife Fund to raise awareness of the mammal's struggles. According to the WWF website, the pangolin is the only scaly mammal in the world. That features makes the pangolin one of the most trafficked animals in the world. "There are eight species of pangolin, four each in Asia and Africa, and all are under threat, including two species listed as Critically Endangered," the WWF website reads. "Pangolin populations have been devastated by poaching, including at least 80 percent of pangolins in Asia." The two organizations also partnered to use technology to stop potential poachers in the protected areas where the pangolin live. The pangolin Doodle is just the latest video game Google has released on its home page. Other interactive Doodle's include a Rubix cube, a crossword puzzle, and a soccer game.  About Us MLive Media Group Our Team Advertise Frequently Asked Questions Contact Us Jobs at MLive Subscriptions Newspaper | Digital Editions | eNewsletters The Ann Arbor News The Bay City Times The Flint Journal The Grand Rapids Press Jackson Citizen Patriot Kalamazoo Gazette Muskegon Chronicle The Saginaw News MLive Sections News Business Sports High School Sports Entertainment Living Opinion Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Apartment Rentals Classifieds Local Deals Local Businesses Business Resource Center Your Regional News Pages Ann Arbor Bay City Detroit Flint Grand Rapids Jackson Kalamazoo Lansing Muskegon Saginaw Mobile Mobile apps | Tablet apps More on MLive Photos Video Weather Post a job Post a free classified ad Sell your car Sell/Rent your home Apartments and Rentals Sponsor Content Follow Us Twitter | Facebook | YouTube Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2016 MLive Media Group. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of MLive Media Group. Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices
CONTENT Reviews Columns Buyer's Guide POPULAR TOPICS Android Apple Cars Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Photography Apps Software Wearable Entertainment Science Reviews Columns Buyer's Guide Popular Topics  Android Apple Cars Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Photography Apps Software Wearable Entertainment Science Twitter Google+ Facebook Youtube RSS Search SlashGear Search Facebook Video app released for Apple TV, Fire TV, Samsung Smart TV Chris Burns - Feb 14, 2017 0 Facebook Twitter Google Reddit Facebook Video was announced for release today for several major TV platforms: Amazon Fire TV, Samsung Smart TV, and Apple TV. What’s missing from that list is Google’s Android TV – which is surprising. Especially given the staying power of the Android TV platform and the fact that Amazon Fire TV is so extremely similar at its base. It’s also strange given the attention Facebook has paid to Google’s video products before – like Facebook’s ability to stream from a smartphone to a Chromecast of Android TV device (which has Chromecast ability within). Facebook’s Dana Sittler, Product Manager, and Alex Li, Engineering Manager, spoke on the new app this afternoon. “With the app, you can watch videos shared by friends or Pages you follow, top live videos from around the world, and recommended videos based on your interests.” This app also allows users to watch a list of videos saved to a “watch later” list and has a “recently watched” list of sorts. In other words, it seems like Facebook is once again encroaching in on Google’s YouTube space. They’ve got a long way to go if they’re going to get there. For now we’ll assume they mean only to have videos shared from friends and Pages in a very personal way. YouTube remains the major video app for basically every other sort of video watching – out in the open. It’ll be interesting to see how well Facebook Video – the app – handles portrait-style (vertical) videos. Facebook’s Sittler and Li suggest they’ve made changes on the mobile app for Android and iOS to improve the way vertical videos look. If they can do something to account for the strangeness of that format on an always-horizontal TV set, it’d be amazing. According to Sittler and Li, this app is coming soon. We’ll be giving it a whirl as soon as possible. Story Timeline Chromecast Ultra officially revealed for November launch Google Cast branding dropped in favor of Chromecast built-in Samsung Smart TVs to get Chromecast-like powers Tags Amazon Fire TVAndroidAndroid TVapple tvchromcastEntertainmentfacebookgoogleSamsungSmart TVYouTube Must Read Bits & Bytes PlayStation Now support is ending for many devices later this year Apple patents bezel-less iPhone tech to put Touch ID in display Fix self-driving car rules or face needless deaths, GM warns government Verizon’s Unlimited plan: Everything you need to know NES Classic Edition first impressions: Feels like the first time Latest Headlines Meizu M5s launched to offer a stylish mid-range option Feb 16, 2017 Google, Amazon want smart speakers to be hands-free phones Feb 16, 2017 Moto G5, G5 Plus details leaked by retailer ahead of MWC debut Feb 16, 2017 iPhone 8’s 5.8-inch screen to have reserved function area Feb 15, 2017 LG G6’s UX 6.0 designed to exploit special 18:9 screen ratio Feb 15, 2017 Latest Reviews 2017 Ford Fusion Sport Review: Blue Oval Q ship cancels mid-size family sedan boredom Feb 15, 2017 Lenovo ThinkCentre X1 All-in-One Windows 10 PC Review Feb 12, 2017 ROLI BLOCKS Review: Modular music system has room to grow Feb 11, 2017 2017 Dodge Durango R/T Review: No SRT required for this V8-powered SUV Feb 9, 2017 Huawei Mate 9 Review [International Edition] Feb 7, 2017 Search © 2005-2016 SlashGear, All Rights Reserved. Site Information About Advertise Tip Us Contact Ethics Statement Privacy Policy Terms of Use Archives Social and Media Google+ Facebook Twitter YouTube RSS Feed Popular Topics Android Apple Cars Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Apps Software Wearable Entertainment Science
Subscribe Tech Movies Games Television Comics Culture Deals Awesome iOS Easter Egg Turn Siri Into Lego Batman’s Computer Scientists Are Making Robo-Bees Share HoloLens Holograms With Microsoft Spectator View Cam Musk: Humans Must Merge With Machines to Survive AI More Get a Glimpse into the Secret Facility That Made X-23 in New Video MovieBob Reviews: A CURE FOR WELLNESS Hideaki Anno Is Already Working On His Next Project Marvel Already Released a Teaser From the Set of 'Avengers: Infinity War' More Gold and Silver Pokémon Coming to Pokémon GO Nintendo Just Ruined Pokemon Cards for Everyone Poison Ivy, Black Canary, Cheeta, and Catwoman Kick Ass in Injustice 2 The Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild Expands With DLC Season Pass More Moffat: Don’t Expect CGI Return of Past Doctors 'X-Men: Evolution' Is the Gateway Drug of Comic Book Shows Taboo Is Done Pulling Its Punches Adult Swim’s Black Comedy Renaissance More Buy This Comic! Batwoman Rebirth #1 Tenth Doctor Must Escape Waking Nightmare in New Comic Celebrate the Love with 22 of Our Favorite Comic Couples Static Shock is the Best Black Spider-Man More Finally, You Can Get Married at Taco Bell! 10 Awesome Anime Couples to Warm Your Heart The Best Batman Funko Pops! Internet Gutter: WikiHow Romance More Tech Disney, YouTube Distance Themselves from PewDiePie By Carli Velocci 02.14.2017 :: 2:15PM EST @velocciraptor Courtesy YouTube YouTube has canceled the upcoming series of immensely popular video personality PewDiePie after he posted several anti-Semitic videos, including one where he paid two men to hold up a sign that said “Death to All Jews.” The personality, real name Felix Kjellberg, was preparing for the second season of his scripted Scare PewDiePie, which aired on YouTube Red, the company’s paid streaming service. He was also dropped from its premier advertising network, Google Preferred, meaning he’ll lose some of his financial backings. “We’ve decided to cancel the release of Scare PewDiePie season 2 and we’re removing the PewDiePie channel from Google Preferred,” a YouTube spokesperson said in a statement. The move comes after Disney-owned Maker Studios said on Monday that it was also dropping the online celebrity after a report from the Wall Street Journal that he had uploaded nine anti-Semitic videos. “Although Felix has created a following by being provocative and irreverent, he clearly went too far in this case, and the resulting videos are inappropriate,” a Maker Studios spokeswoman said in a statement. “Maker Studios has made the decision to end our affiliation with him going forward.” The video above, which depicted two men holding up an anti-Semitic sign, was released back in January and has since been removed. The Indian men, who Kjellberg hired through the freelancer site Fiverr, said in a follow-up video that they didn’t they didn’t know what the message meant when they made it, or even what “Jews” meant. In another video, a man dressed up as Jesus Christ said: “Hitler did absolutely nothing wrong.” In a statement posted on Tumblr Sunday, Kjellberg said the point of the video was to show how you can get people to say anything for five dollars, not to spout anti-Semitic messages or give credibility to the movement. “I think it’s important to say something and I want to make one thing clear: I am in no way supporting any kind of hateful attitudes,” he wrote. “As laughable as it is to believe that I might actually endorse these people, to anyone unsure on my standpoint regarding hate-based groups: No, I don’t support these people in any way.” It makes sense that Maker, owned by Disney, would drop the star in response to the controversial statements since it has to maintain its family-friendly brand. YouTube does support a creator’s rights to satire but draws the line when it comes to certain sensitive subjects, like when you say anti-Semitic things. The service prohibits “controversial or sensitive subjects and events, including subjects related to war, political conflicts, natural disasters, and tragedies, even if graphic imagery is not shown.” PewDiePie has consistently been one of the most popular people on YouTube. Currently, he has over 53 million subscribers. According to Coed.com, he’s also one of the most financially successful, having earned an estimated $124 million since he started the channel in 2010. So far, PewDiePie hasn’t released a statement about the controversy. His channel seems to be business as usual, with him posting a Valentine’s Day video where he and his partner play Genital Jousting. Regardless of whether PewDiePie meant the things he put in his videos, the fact remains he did promote anti-Semitism, which is still a serious problem internationally. Since the US election in November, ThinkProgress has tracked 261 documented hate crimes, with the majority, 26.8 percent, targeting Jewish people. When you post images such as hate speech, you’re normalizing it, making it okay to distribute. This empowers racists and people who think they can get away with it, even when it can endanger the lives of others. “Just putting it out there brings it more and more into the mainstream,” Jonathan Vick, an associate director of the Anti-Defamation League, said. Share Facebook Twitter Linkedin Pinterest Reddit anti-Semitism Disney Felix Kjellberg Maker Studios PewDiePie YouTube Speak Your Mind More in Tech 02.15.2017 :: 3:45PM EST :: Lee Mathews Tech Awesome iOS Easter Egg Turn Siri Into Lego Batman’s Computer Tech 02.15.2017 :: 12:45PM EST :: Daniel Starkey Tech Scientists Are Making Robo-Bees Tech 02.15.2017 :: 10:00AM EST :: Stephanie Mlot Tech Share HoloLens Holograms With Microsoft Spectator View Cam Tech 02.15.2017 :: 8:00AM EST :: Stephanie Mlot Tech Musk: Humans Must Merge With Machines to Survive AI Tech 02.14.2017 :: 10:30AM EST :: Stephanie Mlot Tech Discover a Planet From the Comfort of your Home Tech More subscribe to our newsletter: Subscribing to a newsletter indicates your consent to our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. 'X-Men: Evolution' Is the Gateway Drug of Comic Book Shows Television 02.15.2017 :: 6:00PM EST Get a Glimpse into the Secret Facility That Made X-23 in New Video Movies 02.15.2017 :: 5:15PM EST Moffat: Don't Expect CGI Return of Past Doctors Television 02.15.2017 :: 4:30PM EST Gold and Silver Pokémon Coming to Pokémon GO Games More © 1996-2017 Ziff Davis, LLC. PCMag Digital Group Privacy Policy Terms of Use About Contact Archives Glossary Advertise Accessibility Statement unused
Home Reviews Phones Tablets Apps Devices Deals Tip Us Search Android Community Home Reviews Phones Tablets Apps Devices Deals Tip Us Google updates Verify Apps to show newly scanned apps By Rei Padla - February 14, 2017 0 Share on Facebook Tweet on Twitter Scanning apps already installed is possible with the Verify Apps framework. Google launched this a few years ago to ensure mobile security and checking of apps for any malware. Verify Apps allows scanning of apps regularly. It’s one helpful function but just recently, Google made an update that lets you see the recently scanned apps so you will know the latest activities of the feature. In case you’re wondering, the Verify Apps menu isn’t easily seen. It’s located deep in the settings. Check Google> Security> Verify Apps. If you don’t see it, that means your software isn’t updated to the latest version. Either that or your Android phone is really old. The previous version only has few toggles. You can find them in the main Google security menu but this time, you can see them under Verify Apps plus information about the apps scanned and the last time check was made. We don’t know when this update was released exactly but some people are saying it was also part of the most recent Google Play Services update. It’s not a major update and not all builds are receiving it. We just want to let you know that there is such so don’t be surprised if and when you see some changes on your Android device. It’s not a bug but rather a real tweak. VIA: Android Police Story Timeline Quadrooter app malware can be blocked by the old 'Verify Apps' feature Google hunts down Android malware even when ‘Verify apps’ is disabled TAGS Android Apps Google Play Services Update Rei Padla Must Read HTC U Ultra, U Play hands-on: putting “U” at the center 15 best Android games of 2016, which means you should try these if you haven’t already Top 20 Android Apps for 2016 Stay Connected 883,798FansLike 136,105FollowersFollow 102,861FollowersFollow 473,893FollowersFollow 60,230SubscribersSubscribe About Contact Terms of Use Privacy Policy Advertise © 2008 - 2017 Android Community - Part of R3 Media LLC
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search 0 Mail Tech Home Follow Us Reviews How To Deals Video Games Pogue Apple Google fixes creepy bug that asked you to provide body sensor info to Gmail Lulu Chang Digital TrendsFebruary 14, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Share gmail body sensor android phoneMore Who knew you’d need to give Google access to your body to send an email? Actually, you don’t, but a bizarre bug in some Android users’ Gmail apps demanded that they give the application access to “Body Sensors” in order to send an email. And now, Gmail is issuing a fix for this, because it’s as creepy as it is weird. According to reports, some Android owners found that after attempting to send a message via the Gmail app, they’d receive a notification that an error had occurred. “This app won’t work properly unless you allow Google Play services’ request to access the following: Body Sensors,” it read. Needless to say, this wasn’t something users were down with. Moreover, it’s been an ongoing issue since at least 2015, though a user more recently posted about the problem in the Gmail Help Forum last September. More: Yahoo Mail gets a couple updates, including caller ID and photo syncing So what was going on?  First of all, Google Play Services is an Android app that is central to your device’s functionality, providing authentication and synchronized contacts (among other things) across a range of Google apps. It also helps with the speed of offline searches, and in providing more immersive maps, Mashable notes. If you have a fitness app installed on your Android device, for example, Google Play Service needs the Body Sensors permission so it can provide information like the number of steps you’ve taken or your heart rate. Of course, Gmail obviously doesn’t need that information. Fortunately, the company has finally issued a fix. “The permission request was the result of a bug in the Drive API within Google Play services, which has now been fixed,” a representative from Google said in an email on Monday. While you’re waiting on the fix to be fully rolled out, you can head over to your phone’s Settings, then go to Apps, and navigate over to Permissions, where you can turn permissions on and off for individual apps. New phishing scam has high success rate against tech-savvy Gmail users Oculus CEO Luckey set to testify in lawsuit over Rift’s VR tech Gmail to get handy new features that should be familiar to Google Inbox users Reblog Share Tweet Share What to Read Next The LG G6 might beat the Galaxy S8 where it matters most BGR News Make The Switch Now SpectrumSponsored Wristband monitors your blood alcohol content while you drink Yahoo Tech You should be excited about the iPhone 8 even if you hate the iPhone BGR News Unlimited plans: Verizon, T-Mobile, AT&T and Sprint, compared CNET New Single-Family Homes in Burtonsville, MD Ryan HomesSponsored Astronomers just found a piping hot ‘Super Earth’ BGR News Privacy |Terms |About our Ads |Suggestions Brought to you by Yahoo Finance
Reseller News News All News Government Products Round Table Tech Technologies 3D Printing Apps Cloud Computing Datacentre Mobile Solutions MSP Networking PC and Components Products/Reviews Security Social Networking Storage Software Tech Hive Telecommunications Unified Communications Virtualisation Windows 8 Central Markets Green Channel Market Watch Retail Services SMB Market Events View all events Resources Resources Reseller News Library Microsites Webinars Videos Contacts Brand Posts e-Mags Email the Editor Jobs Media Releases Slideshows Subscribe online Subscribe to IDG Publications Directories Distributor Directory Find distributors by name | vendor | location Vendor Directory Find vendors by name | category Contact Sign In Existing Member Forgot password? Join Reseller News Sign up to gain exclusive access to email subscriptions, event invitations, competitions, giveaways, and much more. Sign up now Menu ARN Google’s new cloud service is a unique take on a database Google’s new cloud service is a unique take on a database Google Cloud Spanner provides users with a highly available database running on Google's infrastructure Blair Hanley Frank (IDG News Service) 15 February, 2017 04:00 - - - - print email Comments IDG Google has turned a database service that it uses to run some of its mission-critical products into an offering for its public cloud customers. On Tuesday, the company launched Cloud Spanner, a new, fully managed database that’s supposed to provide the transactional consistency of a traditional database plus the scalability and performance of a NoSQL database. It’s based on the same systems that run the company’s own Spanner database internally. Usually, businesses have to pick either a traditional or a NoSQL database, and each comes with particular trade-offs. Traditional databases provide better transactional consistency, but can be hard to scale. NoSQL databases are better at scaling but sacrifice consistency. Cloud Spanner is designed to reduce those trade-offs, and it's also delivered as a fully managed service. Among other things, that means Google will manage hardware, software and replication of content for a database that can span multiple data centers. The service will be useful for companies that need millisecond-level consistency in their databases worldwide, according to Nick Heudecker, a research director at Gartner. In an interview, he called out financial services and advertising as two industries that might benefit from Cloud Spanner. Heudecker did point out that the service will require companies to port existing applications, which may prove challenging. Google is working with partners to help customers move over, according to Deepti Srivastava, the product manager for Cloud Spanner. Cloud Spanner has generated more interest than most new Google services, based on response to a closed alpha test, Srivastava said. Cloud Spanner grew out of a project that began in 2007, when a team of Google employees set out to solve the problem of choosing between NoSQL and traditional databases. That led to a paper, published in 2012, describing the company’s Spanner database, which uses a number of novel techniques, including atomic and GPS clocks inside data centers to maintain time consistency. Spanner is used to operate Google services like AdWords and Google Play. According to the company, it can handle tens of millions of queries per second. That pedigree is a feature of Cloud Spanner that appealed to Peter Bakkum, the platform lead at Quizlet. The education software company, which offers a popular set of study tools for students, is evaluating how to scale its database infrastructure. Quizlet has been testing Cloud Spanner since the closed alpha phase and may end up using the service to replace its existing setup of MySQL databases. Refactoring Quizlet’s applications to use Cloud Spanner will require work, but that's true of all the possible upgrade paths, Bakkum said. “We need a fundamentally different architecture to do scaling, and any of those solutions have a difficult migration path,” he said. Cloud Spanner’s popularity may be throttled somewhat by Google’s position in the cloud market. While the company has been aggressive in releasing new capabilities and improving its services to attract new customers, its use still lags behind that of Amazon Web Services and Microsoft Azure. Using Cloud Spanner means bringing data to Google’s cloud platform and building an application that targets it. While some companies are comfortable working with multiple cloud providers, not all of them are. That said, Gartner's Heudecker said Google is the only major cloud provider offering a product like this one and it will be hard for rivals to catch up. “Cloud Spanner is not just software,” Heudecker said. “It is the union of software, hardware — in the form of atomic clocks in Google’s data centers — and an incredibly robust network connecting their data centers together. So it’s not just writing code. It’s a lot of investment and a lot of operational expertise that Google excels at.” Right now, Cloud Spanner instances can only exist in one of Google's cloud regions, though they'll be replicated across multiple availability zones inside those regions. In the future, Cloud Spanner customers will be able to have one database that's kept in sync across multiple regions. Follow Us Twitter LinkedIn Join the New Zealand Reseller News newsletter! Join Error: Please check your email address. Tags Google Read next Toshiba's in chaos, but not quitting PCs -- yet Microsoft shelves all February security updates ​What are the top 10 tech trends for New Zealand in 2017? Distributor Directory Find distributors by name - vendor - location Vendor Directory Find vendors by name - category Featured Slideshows ​What are the top 10 tech trends for New Zealand in 2017? Digital Transformation (DX) has been a critical topic for business over the last few years and IDC is now predicting a step change as DX reaches macroeconomic levels. By 2020 a DX economy will emerge and it will become the core of what New Zealand industries focus on. From the board level through to the C-Suite, Kiwi organisations must be prepared to think and act digital when the DX economy emerges in 2017. ​What are the top 10 tech trends for New Zealand in 2017? Top 15 Kiwi tech storylines to follow in 2017 ​The New Year brings the usual new round of humdrum technology predictions, glaringly general, unashamedly safe and perpetually predictable. But while the industry no longer sees value in “cloud is now the norm” type projections, value can be found in following developments of the year previous, analysing behaviours and patterns to formulate a plan for the 12 months ahead. Consequently, here’s the top Kiwi tech storylines to follow in 2017... Top 15 Kiwi tech storylines to follow in 2017 Top 50 defining moments of the New Zealand channel in 2016 Reseller News looks back on a tumultuous 12 months for the New Zealand channel, assessing the fallout from a year of sizeable industry change. Whether it be local or global mergers and acquisitions, distribution deals or job changes, the channel that started the year differs somewhat to the one set to finish it - Reseller News assesses the key moments that made 2016.​ Top 50 defining moments of the New Zealand channel in 2016 Related Whitepapers D-Link Case Study: TAFE Improves Security with a Powerful HD Surveillance Solution Datto’s State of Channel APAC Ransomware Report D-Link Case Study: Simple and Scalable Network Solutions for Medical Professionals and Visiting Clients How to Sell Disaster Recovery Show Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Hitachi Data Systems hires new A/NZ channel team for partner engagement   Copyright 2017 IDG Communications. ABN 14 001 592 650. All rights reserved. Reproduction in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of IDG Communications is prohibited. IDG Sites: PC World New Zealand | CIO New Zealand | Computerworld New Zealand Links: Privacy Policy [Updated 3 Mar 14] | Advertising | Books | Downloads Latest News 10:28AM ​Is 3D printing on the verge of mainstream adoption? 09:17AM ​CCL shines as Spark turnaround continues 09:06AM Combined CSC/HPE Enterprise Services company named DXC Technology 07:45AM Microsoft quietly prolongs life of original Windows 10 More News ​CCL shines as Spark turnaround continues ​Security partner potential rife as Kiwi end-users seek CISOs Reseller News Events 24 Feb Reseller News Hall of Fame 2017 24 May Reseller News Judges' Lunch 2017 14 Jun Reseller News WIICTA 2017 View all events Featured EDGE 2017 EDGE 2017 Reseller News After Hours Reseller News After Hours Women in ICT NZ Women in ICT NZ Reseller News Industry Awards Industry Awards
TechRepublic Search GO CXO Cloud Big Data Security Innovation More Software Data Centers Networking Startups Tech & Work All Topics Sections: Photos Videos All Writers Newsletters Forums Resource Library Tech Pro Free Trial Editions: US United States Australia United Kingdom Japan Newsletters Forums Resource Library Tech Pro Free Trial Membership Membership My Profile People Subscriptions My stuff Preferences Send a message Log Out TechRepublic Search GO Topics: CXO Cloud Big Data Security Innovation Software Data Centers Networking Startups Tech & Work All Topics Sections: Photos Videos All Writers Newsletters Forums Resource Library Tech Pro Free Trial Editions: US United States Australia United Kingdom Japan Membership Membership My Profile People Subscriptions My stuff Preferences Send a message Log Out Data Centers Google Cloud Spanner means admins no longer have to choose between traditional and NoSQL databases Google recently announced the beta of its Cloud Spanner service, a distributed relational database service that aims to simplify database deployments. By Conner Forrest | February 14, 2017, 10:47 AM PST RSS Comments Facebook Linkedin Twitter More Email Print Reddit Delicious Digg Pinterest Stumbleupon Google Plus Image: Google Google's new database service, Cloud Spanner, officially launched into public beta on Tuesday, offering a blend traditional and NoSQL database functionality. According to a Google blog post announcing the service, database administrators typically must make a decision between the transactional consistency of traditional databases or the scaling and distribution offered by NoSQL. However, "Cloud Spanner breaks that dichotomy, offering both of these critical capabilities in a single, fully managed service," the post said. According to the post, Cloud Spanner is a globally distributed relational database service offering both horizontal scaling and high availability. It combines both SQL semantics and ACID transactions. SEE: Google Cloud Platform: The smart person's guide "With its ease of provisioning and scalability, it will accelerate our ability to bring cloud-based omni-channel supply chain solutions to our users around the world," John Sarvari, group vice president of technology at JDA, said in a press release. Data Center Must-Reads Five network diagramming tools that live on the web Video: Why AI and machine learning will increase software developer jobs, not kill them Special report: How to implement AI and machine learning (free PDF) Subscribe to our Data Center Trends newsletter Cloud Spanner is the latest database service to join Google Cloud Platform, joining the likes of Cloud SQL, Cloud Datastore, and Cloud Bigtable. In terms of benefits, the service allows admins to focus on their application logic instead of dealing with hardware and software management, the release said. Additionally, RDBMS solutions can be scaled out "without complex sharding or clustering," and horizontal scaling can be achieved without migration from relational to NoSQL databases. Their service also provides high availability disaster protection, the post said. And, data-layer encryption, identity and access management, and audit logging all provide additional security. Cloud Spanner operates on a pay for what you use model, with pricing determined by compute node-hours, actual storage consumption, and external network access. Additionally, the post said, it "supports distributed transactions, schemas and DDL statements, SQL queries and JDBC drivers and offers client libraries for the most popular languages, including Java, Go, Python and Node.js." Spanner was developed at Google and has been tested and used in-house there for years. There have been talks before about commercializing the service, but questions remained of whether or not Google could attract developers to it. However, with its ability to traverse two popular database types without complex migration, Cloud Spanner could help Google win some more enterprises over to its side in the cloud wars. The 3 big takeaways for TechRepublic readers Google has launched its Cloud Spanner database product into public beta, offering a service that provides traditional and NoSQL database features. Cloud Spanner frees admins up to focus on the application itself, without having to worry so much about hardware and software management. Cloud Spanner was used in-house at Google for a long time and, if marketed correctly, could win Google some more enterprise fans. Stay informed, click here to subscribe to the TechRepublic Data Center Essentials newsletter. Subscribe Also see Why some of the fastest growing databases are also the most experimental (TechRepublic) Google: 'Sorry for wide-scope outage but canary testing brought our cloud down' (ZDNet) The cloud war moves to machine learning: Does Google have an edge? (TechRepublic) Google adds shareable list feature to Maps app (ZDNet) Google wants to commercialize database Spanner, but MongoDB or Cassandra could be safer bets (TechRepublic) Comments Facebook Linkedin Twitter More Email Print Reddit Delicious Digg Pinterest Stumbleupon Google Plus About Conner Forrest Conner Forrest is News Editor for TechRepublic. He covers enterprise technology and is interested in the convergence of tech and culture. Full Bio Contact Disclosure See all of Conner's content Google+ connerforrest × Disclosure Conner Forrest has nothing to disclose. He doesn't hold investments in the technology companies he covers. × Full Bio Conner Forrest is News Editor for TechRepublic. He covers enterprise technology and is interested in the convergence of tech and culture. Powered by Livefyre Add your Comment Editor's Picks Inside Amazon's clickworker platform: How half a million people are paid pennies to train AI How K9s became a secret weapon for solving high-tech crimes How driverless cars will be the first robots we learn to trust #WeAreNotWaiting: Diabetics are hacking their health Latest From Tech Pro Research Electronic communication policy Quick glossary: Robotics Hiring kit: Data architect Drug and alcohol abuse policy Services About Us Membership Newsletters RSS Feeds Site Map Site Help & Feedback FAQ Advertise Reprint Policy Explore Blogs Downloads TechRepublic Forums Meet the Team Tech Pro Research Resource Library Photos Videos © 2017 CBS Interactive. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | Cookies | Ad Choice | Terms of Use | Mobile User Agreement A ZDNet site | Visit other CBS Interactive sites: Select SiteCBS CaresCBS FilmsCBS RadioCBS.comCBS InteractiveCBSNews.comCBSSports.comChowhoundClickerCNETCollege NetworkGameSpotLast.fmMaxPrepsMetacritic.comMoneywatchmySimonRadio.comSearch.comShopper.comShowtimeTech Pro ResearchTechRepublicThe InsiderTV.comUrbanBaby.comZDNet
Skip to content Naked Security Computer Security News, Advice and Research sophos.com Free Tools Go Award-winning computer security news Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn Feed Valentine’s day: what’s your secret technology crush? 14 Feb 2017 6 Google, Microsoft, Mobile, Technologies, Windows phone Post navigation Previous: News in brief: Cook hits out at ‘fake news’; Trump under fire; flying cars on the runway Next: Border guards force US citizen to unlock his NASA-owned work phone by Kate Bevan 0Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google+ Share on LinkedIn Share on Reddit Valentine’s day is traditionally a time when you can act on your secret crushes and let them know how you feel about them. Anyone who cares about security and technology has an app or a platform or a programming language or something that might not be very cool or very glamorous but which they love, trust and rely on. So this year we’ve decided to ask Naked Security writers what their secret crushes are. Mark Stockley, our web technologies guru, has had a long, slightly dysfunctional love-hate relationship with Perl. He says: My secret tech crush is Perl. It’s not for looks, mind. In a bad light Perl looks like the contents of the unix tool chain after a heavy fall down some stairs. It’s not because Perl loves me and nobody else either. When I first met Perl (in its prime in the late 90s), it had caught everyone’s eye and was living it up at the heart of things on seemingly every server and every website. And it’s not because Perl was nice to me, either. Back then, we didn’t have well lit safe spaces like Stackoverflow to get to know a programming language that had caught our eye. We had to use usenet and meeting Perl meant risking the piranha-infested waters of comp.lang.misc.perl, a usenet group so fierce and elitist that suitors with questions were publicly eviscerated for sport. Perl is complex… difficult… moody, even. On the rare occasions that things go well, working with Perl can be like painting with oils or dancing with Darcey Bussell. But when they aren’t (and they frequently aren’t) it can feel like wrestling socks on to an octopus. In fact there are a hundred reasons to choose something else, but for me there is no doubt that it’s Perl. For all its faults it was my gateway drug, the red pill that led me to late night Slackware installs, unfathomable man pages and scratching my head for two weeks as I looked in the wrong place for Apache’s ‘it works!’ page. Here at Naked Security, we’re upfront about our love for password managers and multifactor authentication. But Naked Security stalwart Lisa Vaas fell out of love with hers recently. She says: I don’t know if you’d call this a secret crush. The feelings I have for my password manager are more along the lines of master-sub, with a dash of Stockholm syndrome. The strength of the bondage came clear recently when I lost my phone during a trip. Got off the Metro, but somehow, the phone did not. After a good deal of hand-wringing and fruitless searching , I gave up and ordered a replacement phone courtesy of my insurance company. That’s when the fun really began. The lost phone had my multifactor authentication (MFA) app on it, Google Authenticator, and without it, I couldn’t get into any email accounts. The “lost password” hoops Google made me jump through were recursive and failed every time. Using a friend’s laptop, I tried to reach my password manager vendor (LastPass) to help me out. I could get one toe into LastPass, given that I’ve memorized that one password, but losing my Google Authenticator app on the phone meant that I couldn’t verify my login with the second factor: the one-time use password Authenticator produces. Turns out that LastPass has no phones. None. OK, so I’ll write to customer support, I thought. Explain the situation, see what they can do to ascertain I’m not a hacker trying to hijack my account. Automatic LastPass responses kept telling me I’d get a faster response if I upgraded to premium, and I kept wailing that I am a premium user. Days later, I finally got a response: we’ll send you the instructions to download a new Authenticator instance, they said. To your email address on file. … which I couldn’t get into. I’ll stop there. Suffice it to say that I was rather impressed with the locks and chains set up around my accounts by MFA and that crazy, frustrating password manager. One lesson I learned quite well, after about a week of writhing in those bonds: I need to set up a safe word. What does that extended metaphor translate into? Well, I’m not going to give it away, but let’s just say that it’s along the lines of writing down a password. … and then locking that physical token safely (hopefully!) away, not putting it on a sticky note on my monitor! Sophos Home Free home computer security software for all the family Learn More Sometimes the old loves are the best, and Naked Security writer Maria Varmazis remains devoted to Notepad++. She tells us: As someone who dabbles in code but primarily writes for a living, my indispensable but slightly-unsexy tool is a text editor. For my PCs, I’m a Notepad++ fiend. For my Macs, I’m devoted to SublimeText. (Linux text editing is a sore subject in my household. I cling to emacs, which I picked up in college, while my husband is a vi die-hard. Somehow we’re still married.) The simplicity of these editors is what makes them so beautiful and so useful. When you just want to write without distraction or frill, there’s nothing better than opening a simple text editor and getting to work. Text editors let me type without worrying about font and format, or being interrupted by grammatical suggestions – and when you’re on deadline, interruption-free writing is precisely what you need. Once I’ve written what I need and start editing, the built-in line numbering and contextual highlighting many of these text editors come with (handy for folks who are deep in code all day) make my life a lot easier as well. Perhaps my devotion to these humble text editors comes from habit: back in the 90s when so many of my peers and I were learning rudimentary HTML, we went to work with just Notepad. I still remember the humble “Made with Notepad” buttons some of us would put on our sites as our nerdy badge of honor. Notepad was still my editor of choice in the years following when working on professional website development, Dreamweaver and others be damned. I know a text editor isn’t the first thing people think of when they need to write, but if you find it hard to get started and the thought of firing up Word makes your blood run cold, open a text editor instead. They provide minimal distractions and render no judgments so you may write freely. And for that, they will always have my devotion. Google may be dominant on the search scene, but not everyone is comfortable with the amount of data it scavenges about users. So Danny Bradbury, our man in British Columbia, tells us why he’s quietly in love with DuckDuckGo: Google is great at delivering the results you want, in an attractive style. Half the time, thanks to voice search and Google Assistant, you don’t even have to type anything. But I don’t like searching for things using a tool run by a company that makes money by selling my data, especially when my work causes me to search for a lot of strange things. Evidence suggests that while Google enables users to switch off the search history that it shows them, it’s still collecting a lot behind the scenes. DuckDuckGo isn’t as polished as Google, but I’m becoming increasingly paranoid about giving my data to large companies, especially given the political uncertainties facing us over the next few years. Perhaps I’m not the only one, given that DuckDuckGo racked up 4bn searches last year. Love is wide-ranging, and it’s not just software and applications that Naked Security writers are secretly in love with. Freelancer Bill Camarda has been faithful to a much-loved headset for many years. He tells us: I’m jaded. I’ve been disappointed too often. My idea of lovable tech is something that just works, doesn’t demand a lot, didn’t cost a lot, and stays out of my way the rest of the time. That’d be my old Logitech ClearChat Comfort USB Headset H390. I mean, this is seriously mature technology. Introduced a decade ago this coming August, you can still buy one new at Amazon. Where you’re informed that it’ll “Elevate the Power of Windows Vista”. Hey marketers, I love the thing, but please: nothing could do that. Here’s what it does do: whatever I plug it into – Windows 7, 8.x, 10, Mac – it goes right to work. No waiting for drivers to fail install. Never crashes the system. Good sound. Good mic that’s easy to adjust (and moves neatly up out of the way when I’m only listening.) Handy mute button. Well-made USB cable. Fairly if not perfectly comfy adjustable padded earphones, for today’s endless Hangouts, Skype videocalls, et al. Not sexy: stable, reliable, there for me. If that’s not love, what is? Meanwhile, Naked Security freelancer John E Dunn, also has a hardware love: it’s the privacy- and security-focused Blackphone. He says: From the femtosecond I first saw version 1 in 2014, I’ve wanted one. If they ever get around to making Men in Black 4, this is the smartphone they’d use. But how to justify paying nearly £600 for an uneventful Android smartphone? One answer is that in an age obsessed with features and looks, the Blackphone strips away all that nonsense and just does the important thing – privacy – well. Granted, a lot of people think that privacy is another ‘feature’ but a lot of people are wrong. Security and privacy is the future of everything, the destiny of the world. Finding all of this in a slim black device that can trace its software lineage back to the genesis of popular encryption with Phil Zimmermann’s PGP just adds to its desirability. It’s old but new with it. And what about me? I’ve only been editing Naked Security for a few months, but I’ve been writing about technology and security for many years, and so I’ve had plenty of time to fall in love with any number of flighty suitors. But the technology I still love, even though it’s almost as old and uncool as Donny Osmond (who I saw performing in London earlier this month; I still love him, too) is Windows Phone. I’ve been using Windows devices since back when it was known as Windows CE, and I’ve only – reluctantly – moved to Android after smashing the screen of my beloved Nokia Lumia 1520 and discovering it would cost £250 to fix (I’m now rocking a Pixel XL). I love Windows Phone for its elegant design language: instead of dozens of multicoloured icons splattered across several pages there’s a homescreen of tiles displaying all the information you need at a glance. On my homescreen I could see how many emails were waiting for me, if I’d missed any calls, which of my key contacts had tried to reach me, if I had any Twitter mentions or DMs, when my next train was, and so on. I also love that it remains a pretty secure platform: there’s been almost no malware spotted in the wild. And finally, while other manufacturers made Windows Phones, the Lumia range had (and to some, still has) the very best cameras a cellphone could sport: the 1020’s camera, amazing in its day, is still one to beat. What’s your secret technology crush? We’d love to hear about your first and current loves. Follow @NakedSecurity Follow @katebevan           2FA DuckDuckGo LastPass Logitech Notepad++ Perl Valentine's Day windows phone Free tools Sophos Home for Windows and Mac XG Firewall Home Edition Mobile Security for Android Virus Removal Tool Antivirus for Linux Post navigation Previous: News in brief: Cook hits out at ‘fake news’; Trump under fire; flying cars on the runway Next: Border guards force US citizen to unlock his NASA-owned work phone About the author Kate Bevan Kate is the editor of Naked Security. She's been writing and talking about technology and security for more years than she cares to count. 6 comments on “Valentine’s day: what’s your secret technology crush?” amariesilver says: February 14, 2017 at 4:22 pm This is kind of off the topic but my technology crush is centered around my husband. We met in college. One day I walked over to his dorm and found his CPU in pieces all over his floor. He took it apart just to see if he could. The next morning I returned and saw that he’d put it back together with no spare parts and it functioned. That was when I knew I loved him. Reply Kate Bevan says: February 14, 2017 at 4:55 pm Ah, that’s a lovely story – and a great reason to fall for someone! Thanks for sharing! Reply amariesilver says: February 14, 2017 at 5:09 pm Thank you! Reply Mayday175 says: February 14, 2017 at 11:47 pm FYI… Maria’s “our nerdy badge of honor” reference is a mailto link, not an http link. Reply Kate Bevan says: February 15, 2017 at 12:29 am Not sure how that slipped through – thanks for the heads up; fixed it now! Reply anon says: February 15, 2017 at 12:16 am Ok, aside from a real human I do have a continuing affair with Microsoft Excel. It beats any and all online calculators, programs, and apps for customization and transparency. Plus, I don’t need the internet to consult with it on most things. Reply Leave a Reply Cancel reply Enter your comment here... Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: Email (Address never made public) Name Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Recommended reads Jul29 by Paul Ducklin 0 5 tips for making life easier this SysAdmin Day May05 by Mark Stockley 0 Don’t do it! 5 ways to upgrade your passwords this #PasswordDay Apr17 by Ross McKerchar 4 Practical IT: What you need to know about email encryption Feb14 by Lisa Vaas 5 Looking for love in all the scammy places this Valentine’s Day Jul26 by Paul Ducklin 30 Sysadmin day? *SYSADMIN DAY*? Angry techie takes against Naked Security… Nov01 by Graham Cluley 0 Mac OS X RSPlug Trojan horse: in pictures SOPHOS About Naked Security About Sophos Send us a tip Cookies Privacy Legal Network Protection XG Firewall UTM Secure Wi-Fi Secure Web Gateway Secure Email Gateway Enduser Protection Enduser Protection Bundles Endpoint Antivirus Sophos Cloud Mobile Control SafeGuard Encryption Server Protection Virtualization Security Server Security SharePoint Security Network Storage Antivirus PureMessage Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn Feed © 1997 - 2017 Sophos Ltd. All rights reserved. Powered by WordPress.com VIP
Home Markets Companies Opinion Politics Technology Specials PF Portfolio My Page Elections 2017 Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll North East West South Election News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Elections 2017 Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Elections 2017 Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Elections 2017 BS APPS iPad iPhone Android Wap BS PRODUCTS Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books Today's Paper BS SPECIALS B2B Connect Power & Energy SME BS E-Paper Hi, Change Password Subscribe Sign out Change Password Manage My Account Sign out SIGN IN Subscribe               TRENDING ON BS #BudgetSpeech #Personal I-T rate #Budget2017 #PopulistBudget #IRCTC News Stock Quote Authors  News    Stock Quote    Authors You are here: Home » International » News » Companies Apple shares hit record close on optimism for next iPhone Business Standard One reason staffers quit Google's car project? They were paid too much A talent exodus happened at a time when Google was trying to turn the project into a real business Alistair Barr & Mark Bergen  February 15, 2017 Last Updated at 00:46 IST email this article Message: Recipients' Email: Type address separated by commas Your Email: Enter the characters shown in the image. Send me a copy:   http://mybs.in/2UTQCDp Chris Urmson, previous leader of the project, departed in August and is working on a start-up. Photo: Reuters ALSO READ Google never had to worry about financial discipline until now Alphabet says revenue up 20.2%, sets $7 billion share buyback Alphabet posts strong Q4 revenue growth Google parent Alphabet profit surges on ads Google announces new London office, 3,000 jobs expected For the past year, Google’s car project has been a talent sieve, thanks to leadership changes, strategy doubts, new start-up dreams and rivals luring self-driving technology experts. Another force pushing people out? Money. A lot of it. Early staffers had an unusual compensation system that awarded supersized payouts based on the project’s value. By late 2015, the numbers were so big that several veteran members didn’t need the job security anymore, making them more open to other opportunities, according to people familiar with the situation. Two people called it “F-you money.” In December, the car unit morphed into a standalone business called Waymo, and the system was replaced with a more uniform pay structure that treats all employees the same, according to a person familiar with the situation. Still, the original program got so costly that a top executive at parent Alphabet Inc. highlighted it last year to explain a jump in expenses. A spokeswoman for Alphabet, the holding company that owns Google and “Other Bets” like the autonomous car business, declined to comment. The payouts contributed to a talent exodus at a time when the company was trying to turn the project into a real business and emerging rivals were recruiting heavily. The episode highlights Alphabet’s difficult transition from a digital advertising giant into a diversified technology company with varied groups of employees requiring different incentives. Other new businesses, including health care unit Verily, use different compensation systems too, but they have yet to generate huge payouts like the car project. The unorthodox system started in 2010, soon after Google unveiled its first self-driving vehicle. It was constructed to tie employees’ fortunes to the performance of the project, rather than Google’s advertising money machine. In addition to cash salaries, some staffers were given bonuses and equity in the business and these awards were set aside in a special entity. After several years, Google applied a multiplier to the value of the awards and paid some or all of it out. The multiplier was based on periodic valuations of the division, the people said. The precise metrics that the division was measured by— and caused the bonuses to balloon— are not known. But by 2015, the Google car project had come a long way: Google’s vehicles had logged more than one million autonomous miles; car companies including Toyota Motor and Tesla announced their own plans to develop autonomous systems; and analysts predicted the technology would transform the auto industry. A large multiplier was applied to the compensation packages in late 2015, resulting in multi-million dollar payments in some cases, according to the people familiar with the situation.They asked not to be identified talking about private matters.  Part of the problem was that payouts snowballed after key milestones were reached, even though the ultimate goal of the project — fully autonomous vehicles provided to the public through commercial services — remained years away. It’s unclear how much the payouts cost Alphabet, however, Chief Financial Officer Ruth Porat talked about it during an earnings conference call with analysts in early 2016.Operating expenses in the fourth quarter of 2015 rose 14 per cent to $6.6 billion, “primarily driven by R&D expense, particularly affected by expenses resulting from project milestones in Other Bets established several years ago,” Porat said, according to a transcript. The CFO wasn’t specific, but one of the people familiar with the situation said the comments referred to the car project compensation. Staff departures from the car division increased in 2016. Some were frustrated with the pace of progress and had doubts about new leader John Krafcik, while others wanted to start their own autonomous vehicle companies, people familiar with the matter said. The big payouts exacerbated the situation because team members had less financial incentive to stay, the people familiar with the situation said. Chris Urmson, previous leader of the project, departed in August and is working on a start-up. Other early project members left to form Otto, a self-driving trucking company that was quickly snapped up by Uber Technologies Inc. Bryan Salesky, a former Google car executive, started Argo AI, which got a $1 billion investment from Ford Motor Co. on Friday.   Urmson and Salesky didn’t respond to requests for comment. Sebastian Thrun, who started the car project and helped design the pay system, didn’t respond to questions, either. During the early 2016 conference call, Porat suggested a different approach to incentives at Other Bets in the future. “It is about getting more ambitious things done. We’re doing that in a framework to ensure we are disciplined with our resources, and this was just calling out a milestone established some time ago,” she said. Read More On Google | Google Car | Google Employees | Alphabet | Google Alphabet | International | Companies PREVIOUS STORY NEXT STORY RECOMMENDED FOR YOU Advertisements Banking conveinience on the go, anytime...anywhere Save Tax on Your Premium u s 80D Cover from Natural Calamities. Buy Home Insurance Double Benefits Cashless Treatments plus Tax Savings Free Brokerage for 1st Month Open a demat account with Sharekhan & learn online trading. Exploring Untapped Potential of Mutual Funds. IIM Bangalore: Aerospace Management Programme Cover from Earthquake & Floods. Buy Home Insurance Supercharge your Indian property portfolio Main Jahan, Mera Bank Wahan New to investing in shares? Open 100% Paperless Demat Account in just 15 mins. Bengal Global Business Summit. click here Your Loan Eligibility Holds the Key to Your Dream Home Rise and fall of Bitcoin, does history repeat itself? New to the Stock Market? Take your FirstStep Why are More People Applying for Personal Loans? One reason staffers quit Google's car project? They were paid too much A talent exodus happened at a time when Google was trying to turn the project into a real business A talent exodus happened at a time when Google was trying to turn the project into a real business For the past year, Google’s car project has been a talent sieve, thanks to leadership changes, strategy doubts, new start-up dreams and rivals luring self-driving technology experts. Another force pushing people out? Money. A lot of it. Early staffers had an unusual compensation system that awarded supersized payouts based on the project’s value. By late 2015, the numbers were so big that several veteran members didn’t need the job security anymore, making them more open to other opportunities, according to people familiar with the situation. Two people called it “F-you money.” In December, the car unit morphed into a standalone business called Waymo, and the system was replaced with a more uniform pay structure that treats all employees the same, according to a person familiar with the situation. Still, the original program got so costly that a top executive at parent Alphabet Inc. highlighted it last year to explain a jump in expenses. A spokeswoman for Alphabet, the holding company that owns Google and “Other Bets” like the autonomous car business, declined to comment. The payouts contributed to a talent exodus at a time when the company was trying to turn the project into a real business and emerging rivals were recruiting heavily. The episode highlights Alphabet’s difficult transition from a digital advertising giant into a diversified technology company with varied groups of employees requiring different incentives. Other new businesses, including health care unit Verily, use different compensation systems too, but they have yet to generate huge payouts like the car project. The unorthodox system started in 2010, soon after Google unveiled its first self-driving vehicle. It was constructed to tie employees’ fortunes to the performance of the project, rather than Google’s advertising money machine. In addition to cash salaries, some staffers were given bonuses and equity in the business and these awards were set aside in a special entity. After several years, Google applied a multiplier to the value of the awards and paid some or all of it out. The multiplier was based on periodic valuations of the division, the people said. The precise metrics that the division was measured by— and caused the bonuses to balloon— are not known. But by 2015, the Google car project had come a long way: Google’s vehicles had logged more than one million autonomous miles; car companies including Toyota Motor and Tesla announced their own plans to develop autonomous systems; and analysts predicted the technology would transform the auto industry. A large multiplier was applied to the compensation packages in late 2015, resulting in multi-million dollar payments in some cases, according to the people familiar with the situation.They asked not to be identified talking about private matters.  Part of the problem was that payouts snowballed after key milestones were reached, even though the ultimate goal of the project — fully autonomous vehicles provided to the public through commercial services — remained years away. It’s unclear how much the payouts cost Alphabet, however, Chief Financial Officer Ruth Porat talked about it during an earnings conference call with analysts in early 2016.Operating expenses in the fourth quarter of 2015 rose 14 per cent to $6.6 billion, “primarily driven by R&D expense, particularly affected by expenses resulting from project milestones in Other Bets established several years ago,” Porat said, according to a transcript. The CFO wasn’t specific, but one of the people familiar with the situation said the comments referred to the car project compensation. Staff departures from the car division increased in 2016. Some were frustrated with the pace of progress and had doubts about new leader John Krafcik, while others wanted to start their own autonomous vehicle companies, people familiar with the matter said. The big payouts exacerbated the situation because team members had less financial incentive to stay, the people familiar with the situation said. Chris Urmson, previous leader of the project, departed in August and is working on a start-up. Other early project members left to form Otto, a self-driving trucking company that was quickly snapped up by Uber Technologies Inc. Bryan Salesky, a former Google car executive, started Argo AI, which got a $1 billion investment from Ford Motor Co. on Friday.   Urmson and Salesky didn’t respond to requests for comment. Sebastian Thrun, who started the car project and helped design the pay system, didn’t respond to questions, either. During the early 2016 conference call, Porat suggested a different approach to incentives at Other Bets in the future. “It is about getting more ambitious things done. We’re doing that in a framework to ensure we are disciplined with our resources, and this was just calling out a milestone established some time ago,” she said. Alistair Barr & Mark Bergen Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 One reason staffers quit Google's car project? They were paid too much A talent exodus happened at a time when Google was trying to turn the project into a real business For the past year, Google’s car project has been a talent sieve, thanks to leadership changes, strategy doubts, new start-up dreams and rivals luring self-driving technology experts. Another force pushing people out? Money. A lot of it. Early staffers had an unusual compensation system that awarded supersized payouts based on the project’s value. By late 2015, the numbers were so big that several veteran members didn’t need the job security anymore, making them more open to other opportunities, according to people familiar with the situation. Two people called it “F-you money.” In December, the car unit morphed into a standalone business called Waymo, and the system was replaced with a more uniform pay structure that treats all employees the same, according to a person familiar with the situation. Still, the original program got so costly that a top executive at parent Alphabet Inc. highlighted it last year to explain a jump in expenses. A spokeswoman for Alphabet, the holding company that owns Google and “Other Bets” like the autonomous car business, declined to comment. The payouts contributed to a talent exodus at a time when the company was trying to turn the project into a real business and emerging rivals were recruiting heavily. The episode highlights Alphabet’s difficult transition from a digital advertising giant into a diversified technology company with varied groups of employees requiring different incentives. Other new businesses, including health care unit Verily, use different compensation systems too, but they have yet to generate huge payouts like the car project. The unorthodox system started in 2010, soon after Google unveiled its first self-driving vehicle. It was constructed to tie employees’ fortunes to the performance of the project, rather than Google’s advertising money machine. In addition to cash salaries, some staffers were given bonuses and equity in the business and these awards were set aside in a special entity. After several years, Google applied a multiplier to the value of the awards and paid some or all of it out. The multiplier was based on periodic valuations of the division, the people said. The precise metrics that the division was measured by— and caused the bonuses to balloon— are not known. But by 2015, the Google car project had come a long way: Google’s vehicles had logged more than one million autonomous miles; car companies including Toyota Motor and Tesla announced their own plans to develop autonomous systems; and analysts predicted the technology would transform the auto industry. A large multiplier was applied to the compensation packages in late 2015, resulting in multi-million dollar payments in some cases, according to the people familiar with the situation.They asked not to be identified talking about private matters.  Part of the problem was that payouts snowballed after key milestones were reached, even though the ultimate goal of the project — fully autonomous vehicles provided to the public through commercial services — remained years away. It’s unclear how much the payouts cost Alphabet, however, Chief Financial Officer Ruth Porat talked about it during an earnings conference call with analysts in early 2016.Operating expenses in the fourth quarter of 2015 rose 14 per cent to $6.6 billion, “primarily driven by R&D expense, particularly affected by expenses resulting from project milestones in Other Bets established several years ago,” Porat said, according to a transcript. The CFO wasn’t specific, but one of the people familiar with the situation said the comments referred to the car project compensation. Staff departures from the car division increased in 2016. Some were frustrated with the pace of progress and had doubts about new leader John Krafcik, while others wanted to start their own autonomous vehicle companies, people familiar with the matter said. The big payouts exacerbated the situation because team members had less financial incentive to stay, the people familiar with the situation said. Chris Urmson, previous leader of the project, departed in August and is working on a start-up. Other early project members left to form Otto, a self-driving trucking company that was quickly snapped up by Uber Technologies Inc. Bryan Salesky, a former Google car executive, started Argo AI, which got a $1 billion investment from Ford Motor Co. on Friday.   Urmson and Salesky didn’t respond to requests for comment. Sebastian Thrun, who started the car project and helped design the pay system, didn’t respond to questions, either. During the early 2016 conference call, Porat suggested a different approach to incentives at Other Bets in the future. “It is about getting more ambitious things done. We’re doing that in a framework to ensure we are disciplined with our resources, and this was just calling out a milestone established some time ago,” she said. Alistair Barr & Mark Bergen Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 MORE ON MARKETS: Quick Links Stock Market Live Portfolio Commodity Market Upcoming IPO Personal Finance Stock Market News Derivatives Mutual Funds Gold Price Sensex Browse STOCK Companies A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Browse Mutual Funds A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Index Stocks ACC Adani Ports Ambuja Cem. Asian Paints Aurobindo Pharma Axis Bank B H E L B P C L Bajaj Auto Bank of Baroda Bharti Airtel Bharti Infra. Bosch Cipla Coal India Dr Reddy's Labs Eicher Motors GAIL (India) Grasim Inds H D F C HCL Technologies HDFC Bank Hero Motocorp Hind. Unilever Hindalco Inds. ICICI Bank Idea Cellular IndusInd Bank Infosys ITC Kotak Mah. Bank Larsen & Toubro Lupin M & M Maruri Suzuki NTPC O N G C Power Grid Corpn Reliance Inds. St Bk of India Sun Pharma. Inds. Tata Motors Tata Motors-DVR Tata Power Co. Tata Steel TCS Tech Mahindra UltraTech Cement Ltd Wipro Yes Bank Zee Entertainment Copyrights © 2017 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved. From BS Website Home Companies Markets Opinion Politics Technology Specials Personal Finance Budget Latest News Today's Paper RBI Policy General News General Videos General Photo Gallery Events Authors About us About Us Code of Conduct Terms & Conditions Cookie Policy Disclaimer Investor Communication Support & Contact Partner with Us Careers Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback Browser Support Sitemap Subscribe E-Paper BS Magazines Portfolio Tracker BS Products Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books B2B Connect iPhone iPad android wap BS Fund Cafe 2016 Budget Insight Out Budget 2017 Budget 2017 Budget News Budget Connect with BS Facebook Google+ Linkedin Twitter Youtube RSS Upgrade To Premium Services Welcome User Business Standard is happy to inform you of the launch of "Business Standard Premium Services" As a premium subscriber you get an across device unfettered access to a range of services which include: Access Exclusive content - articles, features & opinion pieces Weekly Industry/Genre specific newsletters - Choose multiple industries/genres Access to 17 plus years of content archives Set Stock price alerts for your portfolio and watch list and get them delivered to your e-mail box End of day news alerts on 5 companies (via email) NEW: Get seamless access to WSJ.com at a great price. No additional sign-up required.   Premium Services In Partnership with   Dear Guest,   Welcome to the premium services of Business Standard brought to you courtesy FIS. Kindly visit the Manage my subscription page to discover the benefits of this programme. Enjoy Reading! Team Business Standard  
Don't Miss: CW@50: A look back at Y2K in cartoons 5 new threats to your personal data Newsletters Resources/White Papers Search computerworld Sign In | Register Hi! Here are the latest Insider stories. Smackdown: Office 365 vs. G Suite productivity 3 enterprise-strength file sync services to check out Smartphone CPUs put desktops to shame Quarter of firms can't fill open infosec positions More Insider Sign Out Search for Suggestions for you Insider email Cloud Computing All Cloud Computing Cloud Security Cloud Storage Hybrid Cloud Private Cloud Public Cloud Computer Hardware All Computer Hardware Apple Mac Chromebooks Computer Peripherals Computer Processors Solid State Drives Windows PCs Consumerization of IT All Consumerization of IT Bring Your Own Device (BYOD) Home Tech Personal Technology Data Center All Data Center Data Storage Disaster Recovery High-Performance Computing (HPC) Infrastructure Management Sustainable IT Virtualization Emerging Technology All Emerging Technology 3D Printing Artificial Intelligence Car Tech Environment Internet of Things Robotics Space Technology Wearables Enterprise Applications All Enterprise Applications Application Development Big Data Business Intelligence (BI) CRM Collaboration Data Analytics Database Management Desktop Apps Enterprise Architecture Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP) Java Development Open Source Social Business Software as a Service (SaaS) Unified Communications (UC) IT Management All IT Management Digital Transformation H-1B IT Careers IT Industry IT Outsourcing IT Project Management IT Skills & Training Technology Law & Regulation Internet All Internet E-commerce Search Social Media Web Apps Web Browsers Mobile & Wireless All Mobile & Wireless Android Apple iOS Mobile Apps Mobile Device Management Mobile Payments Mobile Security Smartphones Tablets Windows 10 Mobile Wireless Carriers Networking All Networking Network Security Servers Wireless Networking Operating Systems All Operating Systems Chrome OS Linux MacOS Windows 10 Security All Security Application Security Cyberattacks Cybercrime & Hacking Data Privacy Data Security Encryption Endpoint Security Malware & Vulnerabilities Vertical IT All Vertical IT Financial Services IT Government IT Healthcare IT Retail IT Small Enterprise IT All Topics News Features Reviews Blogs Opinions Insider Shark Tank Slideshows Video Digital Magazine Digital Downloads Newsletters Computerworld Events Resources/White Papers × Close Home Cloud Computing IDG Contributor Network Want to Join? Business Software in the App Age By Ben Kepes star Thought Leader |Follow News Analysis DigitalOcean releases its load balancer product DigitalOcean is trying its hardest to carve a niche for itself in the developer-friendly cloud-infrastructure space. Load balancers should help with that aim. Computerworld | Feb 14, 2017 11:00 AM PT Email a friend To Use commas to separate multiple email addresses From 
		     Privacy Policy Thank you Your message has been sent. Sorry There was an error emailing this page. Credit: Thinkstock More like this Review: DigitalOcean keeps the cloud simple CloudVelox eases migration of core business apps to the cloud DigitalOcean jumps on the startup support bandwagon Video Getting a bead on tech trends for 2017 Every time Gartner or another analyst firm publishes a report detailing what is happening in the public cloud landscape, three names rise to the top. Amazon Web Services (AWS) is always in first place, and it is only the size of the gap between itself and the next place-getter that changes. The two perennial bridesmaids are Google, with its Cloud Platform offering, and Microsoft, with Azure. You'd be forgiven for thinking that these are the only vendors playing in the public cloud, but in this assessment, you'd be wrong. There are, you see, a plethora of different players. From existing large IT vendors (such as IBM) that want to carve out their own share of the public cloud space, to smaller vendors (many of which come from a traditional hosting background) that want to pivot into the cloud. And others, telcos most notably, looking for a fillip to prop up lost revenue from more traditional business lines. One well-regarded alternative cloud vendor is DigitalOcean. I'm always a little stumped to explain how DigitalOcean has grown so rapidly -- the company came out of essentially nowhere. It was only founded in 2011, and despite battling some incredibly well-resourced vendors, has become (although, as I'll explain, you can take a grain of salt with some of these absolute measures) the second-largest and fastest-growing cloud computing platform in the total number of public-facing apps and websites, according to Netcraft.com. Of course, sheer numbers of users -- or of websites being run on a platform -- is a very different metric from the amount of revenue a platform is generating. Under this metric, the real number of import is the enterprise customers committing to a platform. In this regard, AWS, Azure and Google are winning the race -- as Snap's recent S1 documentation and its multibillion dollar commitment to both Amazon's and Google's cloud shows. Notwithstanding the statistics, however, the fact is that DigitalOcean has grown impressively well, this despite having a very simple product offering that misses out on many (most?) of the higher-value services that its more well-developed competitors offer. So when Julia Austin, a former executive with VMware, was snapped up to fill the role of CTO at DigitalOcean, all eyes were on the changes she would make. VMware is, of course, one of the more important suppliers to most enterprise IT departments and, as such, Austin has a deep understanding of both customer requirements and, perhaps more importantly, what it takes to build a sustainable and viable technology vendor. And today we see the first step in that change with the announcement that DigitalOcean is releasing its load balancing product offering. Load balancers are, according to DigitalOcean, the feature most often requested by customers, and that is an assertion that rings true. Beyond all but the smallest of workloads, organizations need to use load balancers to ensure that traffic across their infrastructure is distributed evenly. As DigitalOcean approaches more heavy customer use-cases, it needs to offer this functionality to avoid customers migrating to more mature cloud platforms as their needs increase. In DigitalOcean's implementation, load balancers can be controlled from either a customer's control panel or alternatively programmatically via API. No additional installation or configuration is required. Using load balancers, organizations can distribute their traffic to only healthy Droplets -- DigitalOcean's own term for its cloud servers -- ensuring no single point of failure exists. Load balancers are priced at $20 per month, following DigitalOcean's traditional cheap and simple pricing approach. In commenting about the release, Austin hints at more developments to come. "We're quickly expanding the capabilities of our cloud to support larger scale-out applications," she said. "With "Load Balancers, we are providing developers and businesses with a simple service for maximizing the availability and reliability of applications without disrupting the end user experience. Load Balancers is the first major new product DigitalOcean has released this year. Over the coming year, you'll see us continue to release a number of important products and features to meet our customers' high availability, data storage, security and networking needs." DigitalOcean is something of an enigma, the little engine that could (as it were). Load balancing will increase the level at which it "can," and the future will be interesting to watch. This article is published as part of the IDG Contributor Network. Want to Join? To express your thoughts on Computerworld content, visit Computerworld's Facebook page, LinkedIn page and Twitter stream. Related: Cloud Computing Ben Kepes covers how technology helps business compete. 10 super-user tricks to boost Windows 10 productivity You Might Like Shop Tech Products at Amazon What Readers Like China reminds Trump that supercomputing is a race China said it plans to develop a prototype of an exascale supercomputer by the end of this year,... Project Fi has a powerful bonus feature hidden in plain sight Why you should start using Google Keep right away Newsletters Sign up and receive the latest news, reviews and trends on your favorite technology topics. Get our daily newsletter Go Say goodbye to the MS-DOS command prompt It had a good 36-year run, but its day is done. Trump eyes an H-1B visa aimed at ‘best and brightest’ President Donald Trump is considering a new way of distributing the H-1B visa to ensure they go to the... Popular Resources White Paper 10 Networking Priorities for Digital Transformation Video/Webcast Sponsored 2017 State Of The Cloud: Cloud Is Now The Engine Powering Enterprise Digital Transformation White Paper 5 Reasons to Catch 802.11ac Wave 2 White Paper 5 Ways Your Network Can Accelerate Digital Transformation eBook Sponsored Cisco Digital Network Readiness Model eBook Go Top Stories Maryland lawmaker seeks to unveil H-1B employers A Maryland lawmaker wants to require businesses in Maryland to report the number of employees they have... Who are your customers? You think you know, but it can be trickier to determine than we tend to think. Here’s some guidance. 10 tips for helming IT through ups and downs Impending mergers, ultrafast growth and sharp dips all put pressure on IT leaders to make quick... DARPA: We’re on cusp of merging human and machine Within three to five years, researchers could have a device that helps people with brain injuries form... Sponsored Links Online Master of Science in Information Systems at Northwestern University INSTANTLY dtSearch® TERABYTES OF FILE+EMAIL+DB+WEB DATA; reviews/evals Use integration, automation, & intelligence to outsmart cybercriminals. Computerworld The Voice of Business Technology Follow us Cloud Computing Computer Hardware Consumerization of IT Data Center Emerging Technology Enterprise Applications IT Management Internet Mobile & Wireless Networking Operating Systems Security Vertical IT All Topics News Features Reviews Blogs Opinions Insider Shark Tank Slideshows Video Newsletters Computerworld Events Resources/White Papers About Us Contact Privacy Policies Editorial Calendar Advertising Careers at IDG Site Map Ad Choices E-commerce Affiliate Relationships Copyright © 2017 IDG Communications, Inc. Explore the IDG Network descend CIO Computerworld CSO Greenbot IDC IDG IDG Connect IDG Knowledge Hub IDG TechNetwork IDG.TV IDG Ventures Infoworld IT News ITwhitepapers ITworld JavaWorld LinuxWorld Macworld Network World PC World TechConnect TechHive This ad will close in 20 seconds. Continue to site »
Skip to content MilTech pr@satprnews.com Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 14 February 2017 by Military News Mobile Optimization Increases in Importance in 2017 Switch Lead provides mobile SEO services to help websites boost Google rankings PHILADELPHIA, PA – FEBRUARY 14, 2017 – Your business will likely lose out on customers if its website isn’t optimized for mobile devices. The Switch Lead search engine optimization firm provides mobile SEO services to help you break that trend. Google rolled out its mobile-friendly algorithm over the past two years, boosting the ranking of mobile-friendly websites. It reportedly works both ways. Having a website optimized for mobile devices can boost your Google rankings, while not having a mobile-optimized website can lower rankings. Google recognizes that it isn’t enough to have websites optimized for desktop users. The search engine giant provides a website that tests whether web pages are mobile-friendly. Why should business owners care whether their websites are mobile-friendly? The desktop version of a website may be difficult to view and use on a mobile device. Users must pinch or zoom into the site so that they can read the content. This can cause mobile device users to be frustrated and search elsewhere for the information they need. Strategies designed to brand companies and increase online marketing should definitely include how to reach mobile-device users. A Pew Research Center survey shows that 95 percent of Americans now own a cellphone, including 77 percent who own a smartphone. That’s up from 35 percent when Pew conducted its first survey of smartphone ownership in 2011.  More people are searching on-the-go. They are also searching the web more for services and products available in their community. The days of potential customers grabbing their phone books are over. They now search online to find companies in their community. That changes what keyword phrases they use to find answers. Boosting local search engine results takes knowing what people are typing in to find products and services in their city. Mobile SEO experts like Switch Lead give business owners an edge when it comes to local search engine optimization. Switch Lead starts with a full website SEO audit to determine what improvements a website needs. It analyzes every aspect of a website including: • Site architecture • URL slugs • Content • Navigation systems • Linkings to internal pages • Backlinks that link from other sites to your web pages The search engine optimization firm focuses on creating high-quality content to boost the authority of a company’s website. It diversifies content to help increase traffic and engagement. Switch Lead’s SEO strategy includes using location keywords related to a business’s location. Customers often include the name of their city in their search queries. Switch Lead prepares for this. The higher a business ranks in Google, the more likely a customer will pay attention. Switch Lead helps companies make the changes needed to increase their Google search engine ranking. For more information about Switch Lead, visit its website at http://switchlead.com or call 1-800-213-6906. Media Contact Company Name: Switch Lead Contact Person: Ronaldo Stewart Email: Send Email Phone: 800.213.6906 Address:1818 Market St. #2611 City: Philadelphia State: PA Country: United States Website: http://switchlead.com Source: www.abnewswire.com CategoriesUncategorized Tagsattention, Books, Business, Companies, company, lose, Markets, Uncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Aires Technologies Offering Proven Technology to Protect People from Harmful Radiation Next PostNext Finding Wrongful Death Mediators Search our contacts Search for: Search Recent Posts La Essl Collection se transfiere a ALBERTINA La collection Essl transférée au musée ALBERTINA Le Nouvel Espace de Guian fait paraître le plan de 2017 mettant l’accent sur les entreprises de mégadonnées Le Nouvel Espace de Guian fait paraître le plan de 2017 mettant l’accent sur les entreprises de mégadonnées Essl Collection Transferred to the ALBERTINA Proudly powered by WordPress
Technology & Business Gizmodo Kotaku Lifehacker Business Insider Lifestyle & Shopping POPSUGAR ShopStyle Who What Wear Byrdie MyDomaine Kin Community | Log in / Sign up Life Money Five Ways Parents Can Save Money On Kid Essentials Ask LH: Is It Worth Switching Credit Cards For Better Rewards? What Are The Maximum Number Of Coins You Can Legally Pay With? Lenders May Look At Your Social Profiles To Judge Your Creditworthiness Home How To Buy, Prepare And Enjoy Raw Fish IKEA's Online Store Just Added 400 New Products The Ways Wild And Farmed Salmon Differ (And How To Cook Both Perfectly) Beware The 'Keeping Up With The Joneses' Trap Of A Minimalist Lifestyle Entertainment Everything You Need To Know About HDMI 2.1 Pixar Adds A Storytelling Class To Its Khan Academy Lineup Why I Will Never Play Monopoly Again Improve Your Audio Recording Skills With This NPR Production Guide Travel The Best Way To Load A Backpack For Long Hikes [Infographic] TodayFlights Shows A Single Flight's Details In The MacOS Notification Center Skip Heavy Airline Fees When Travelling With A Bicycle With The 'Bananas Box And Chop' Method The Harmless Items That Could Trigger A Security Search Of Checked Luggage Health Maintain Your Relationship By Treating It Like A Bank Account Make It Easier To Medicate Your Dog With DIY Pill Pockets How To Include Your Kids In Your Workout Routine It's Safe To Skip Your Period On Birth Control Design Three Common Mistakes Beginning Photographers Often Make How To Quickly Fix A Broken Thong Make A Super-Bright, Dimmable LED Lighting Fixture For Your Workshop The Nepali Desktop Work Productivity The Fully-Packed Tech Bag I'm Ven Lai, Creative Designer At Chevrolet, And This Is How I Work Five Top Tweaks To Maximise Your Android Phone's Battery How To Turn Off Auto-Playing Sound For Videos On Facebook Communicate Going '3G Only': Do The Pros Outweigh The Cons? The Do's And Don'ts Of Talking To Anti-Vaxxers And Anti-Fluoriders The Most Diplomatic Way To Respond To An Offensive Comment At Work Ask LH: Can I Change My Phone On An Existing Contract? Organise Briefly: Nioh Review, Solo Travel, Yoga Hacker Briefly: Computer Gaoler, Unexpected Teeth, Tesla Woes Briefly: Aussie Pay Rise, Sand Shortage, Valentine's Day Games Vantage Calendar Is A More Visual Way To View Your Calendar Career Deals: You Can Get Lifetime Access To Over 1000 Training Courses What To Do When Your Job Changes Overnight Can You Sue Someone For Giving You A Bad Reference? Deals: This Training Will Make You A Master Of Microsoft Office Business Travel Qantas Is Adding Free Foxtel, Netflix And Spotify To Domestic Flights Dealhacker: Save Up To 40 Per Cent On Virgin Business Class Seats This Weekend Pack Dried Oatmeal For A Filling, Quick In-Flight Meal Cheap US Hotels: When To Visit US Cities For Lower Hotel Rates Security The Privacy Enthusiast's Guide To Using An iPhone Opt Out Of Data Collection On Your Smart TV Who Owns Your Smartphone: You Or The Manufacturer? WhatsApp Now Supports Two-Step Verification, Here's How To Turn It On Small Business & Startups Xero Makes It Easier For Small Businesses To Calculate The Value Of Depreciating Assets Elevator Pitch: MEETIG8 How I Succeeded: Adobe's Chris Skelton How Businesses Can Prepare For A Heatwave IT Pro Cloud Google Drive Blocks Users From Sharing Pirated Content With Hash Matching Microsoft Azure Cuts Prices On Virtual Machines And Cloud Storage In Australia Google G Suite Adds Security Features For Enterprise Administrators Slack Enterprise Grid Aims To Connect Small Teams In Large Organisations IT Career A 7-Year-Old Girl Asked Google For A Job - And CEO Sundar Pichai Responded How 'Hot-Deskers' Are Made To Feel Like The Homeless People Of The Office World How To Cope With The Stress Of Working Alone Answer The 'Tell Me About Yourself' Interview Question With This Formula IT Security Verizon Wants A US$250 Million Discount On Yahoo After Major Data Breach Incidents YouPorn Is Paying Big Bucks For Hackers To Find Security Holes On Its Website Microsoft Is Late With Its Security Updates This Month How Will Australia's New Mandatory Data Breach Notification Laws Impact Your Business? Developer Don't Waste Money On Intel's Top Processor Deals: Learn The Ins And Outs Of Game Development With This Training Program Dev-Books Is A Massive Collection Of The Most Recommended Coding And Programming Books Tim Sweeney: 'Windows Cloud Is Ransomware' Deployment Be More Productive By Sitting Next To Someone Who Works Hard Over Half Of NBN Customers Are On Telstra Replacing SMS With Push Notifications Could Save Companies A Truck-Load Of Money Neutralise A Workplace Bully By Asking Them To Slow Down And Explain Servers The Hard Drives Most (and Least) Likely To Fail, According To Backblaze Oracle Is Starting To Fine Customers Who Thought They Were Using Free Java Software Server Down: What Caused The ATO System Crash? ATO Website Crash: One Petabyte Of Data Lost Toggle navigation Life Money Home Entertainment Travel Health Design Work Productivity Communicate Organise Career Business Travel Security Small Business & Startups IT Pro Cloud IT Career IT Security Developer Deployment Servers Going '3G Only': Do The Pros Outweigh The Cons? Hump Day Deals: Cheap PC Software, 30% Off Lego, Free Google Play Music Why NBN Co Is Wrong About Gigabit Broadband There Are Six Styles Of Love. Which One Best Describes You? APKUpdater Finds Updates To Your Apps Without The Google Play Store Eric Ravenscraft Feb 15, 2017, 6:00am ⋅ Filed to:  android android downloads apk xda Share Android: For most users, the Google Play Store is the best way to find apps and keep them updated. If you're using a non-Google ROM or downloading apps from outside the store, APKUpdater can help keep you up to date. This app, created by XDA user rumboalla, scans your list of apps and then finds updates for those apps on sites like APKMirror. It can also optionally scrape the Google Play Store itself to find app updates. It won't automatically install the new versions, though. You'll have to download and install them one-by-one. However, it's still helpful to find out when an update is available. This might not be necessary for most situations, but if your custom ROM doesn't have Google Play, or if you're avoiding it for privacy reasons, this is a handy way to fill in the gaps. APKUpdater: Get updates for your apps without an app store! via XDA Comments Be the first to comment on this story! Log In Sign Up Guest Access Be the first to comment on this story! Cancel Reply Log In / Sign Up Name Email You are starting a new discussion. You are replying to a comment. Cancel Edit × Comment Voting Up Votes Down Votes × Only logged in users may vote for comments! Please log in or register to gain access to this feature. No Thanks Log In Sign Up × Get Permalink Close Trending Stories Right Now Why NBN Co Is Wrong About Gigabit Broadband Spandas Lui 15 Feb 2017 1:00 PM Last week, NBN Co CEO Bill Morrow took a beating for claiming Australians won't use a gigabit broadband service, even if it was offered for free. He hit back at his detractors with a lengthy opinion piece, explaining his position. We take a look at some of the arguments he made and breakdown why they are flawed. Maintain Your Relationship By Treating It Like A Bank Account Eric Ravenscraft 16 Feb 2017 8:00 PM Sharing your finances is a tough topic in itself, but thankfully we're talking metaphorically today. If you want to maintain a healthy relationship, view it as a bank account that needs regular deposits of positivity to thrive. Want Lifehacker's email newsletter? Subscribe Have a tip? Contact our editors! Latest Deals Deals: You Can Get Lifetime Access To Over 1000 Training Courses Deals: How You Can Become A Certified Project Management Expert Deals: Learn The Ins And Outs Of Game Development With This Training Program Dealhacker: Save Up To 40 Per Cent On Virgin Business Class Seats This Weekend Trending Articles 1 Why NBN Co Is Wrong About Gigabit Broadband 2 What Are The Maximum Number Of Coins You Can Legally Pay With? 3 Maintain Your Relationship By Treating It Like A Bank Account 4 Hump Day Deals: Cheap PC Software, 30% Off Lego, Free Google Play Music 5 IKEA's Online Store Just Added 400 New Products This Black Series Poe Dameron Helmet Is Too Small For Adults And It's Super Unfair While Kids Teach Beauty And The Beast's Belle How To Dance, This Doll Teaches Them How To Code This New Wearable Version Of Simon Will Have You Swatting At Your Face When Will A Black Actor Get To Have Their Deadpool Moment?  The Latest Marvel Legends Set Is A Guardians Of The Galaxy All-Star Team Behold, Frankenstein's Star Wars Ships More Details About AMD's Ryzen CPU Are Starting To Come Out DC's Newest Young Animal Series Is A Deep, Deep Jack Kirby Cut Maintain Your Relationship By Treating It Like A Bank Account How To Buy, Prepare And Enjoy Raw Fish Be More Productive By Sitting Next To Someone Who Works Hard Briefly: Nioh Review, Solo Travel, Yoga Hacker Shares in one of Britain's biggest aerospace firms are down 20% after it issued a 5th profit warning in 2 years Trump's Nato ultimatum has shattered a key pillar of May's Brexit plans An ex-RBS employee and customers have accused the bank of fraud, document manipulation, and forgery REPORT: The EU is terrified that Brexit will allow people to sell 'British Champagne' © 2007-2017 Allure Media About Advertise Contact Terms of Use Lifehacker International × Log in to Lifehacker Username or Email Password Remember me Login Don't have an account? Create one here Forgot your password? Click here to reset × Sign up to Lifehacker User Details @ This is your permanent identity for Gizmodo, Kotaku and Lifehacker Australia. Your email must be valid for account activation Minimum of 8 standard keyboard characters Subscriptions Email newsletters will contain a brief summary of our top stories, plus details of competitions and reader events. Gizmodo Newsletter Kotaku Newsletter Lifehacker Newsletter Yes, I wish to receive exclusive discounts, special offers and competitions from our partners. Send Activation Email Already have an account? Log in × Reset Password Email Reset Password Back to login × Lifehacker International Lifehacker US Lifehacker Japan Close
Subscribe Today Customer Service eRegister Today's Paper Knowledge Cafe Magazines Unidos Weather Home News Sports Business Entertainment Life Opinion Obits Register Rewards CARS JOBS DEALS HOMES CLASSIFIEDS Best of OC Celebrities Events Music Disney Knott's Movies Dining TV Arts OCVarsity Arts Columns Quake scientists focus on San Onofre and calm some fears, possibly stoke others Zeus, one of Santa Ana's 'most experienced' police horses, dies during training Disneyland update: Steel's landing in the 'Star Wars' land project Pepper spray fumes prompt evacuation of Garden Grove hotel Listless Lakers stagger into All-Star break with 137-101 loss to Suns Clippers bury Hawks, take 4-game win streak into All-Star break Expected rain clouds Genesis Open outlook for two-time champion Bubba Watson and others Whicker: Deaf golfer Kevin Hall, 34, not an easy man to discourage, still pushing to play on PGA Tour 12 restaurant closures include 2 Walmart McDonald's, Coco's, Carrows, TGI Friday's, Chili's Is your house payment gobbling up 43% of your income? Compare Orange County with other U.S. cities AutoAlert moves HQ from Irvine to Kansas City Carl's Jr. CEO Puzder withdraws nomination for labor secretary 'Fist Fight's' humor lands with a thud No cure for plodding 'Wellness' Disneyland update: Steel's landing in the 'Star Wars' land project Dates announced for 'Hamilton' coming to Segerstrom Center in May 2018 Top news Entertainment Disney ends deal with YouTube star over anti-Semitic stunt Feb. 14, 2017 Updated 10:23 a.m. 1 of 1 In this Oct. 28, 2013 file photo, YouTube star Felix Kjellberg arrives at the premiere of "Ender's Game" in Los Angeles. Disney's Maker Studios and Google’s YouTube are distancing themselves from Kjellberg after he made jokes about anti-Semitism and posted Nazi imagery in his videos , FILE PHOTO, THE ASSOCIATED PRESS In this Oct. 28, 2013 file photo, YouTube star Felix Kjellberg arrives at the premiere of "Ender's Game" in Los Angeles. Disney's Maker Studios and Google’s YouTube are distancing themselves from Kjellberg after he made jokes about anti-Semitism and posted Nazi imagery in his videos , FILE PHOTO, THE ASSOCIATED PRESS By MAE ANDERSON / The Associated Press Facebook Twitter Email Comments PRINT SEND PDF NEW YORK – Disney’s Maker Studios and Google’s YouTube are distancing themselves from a top YouTube star after he made jokes construed as anti-Semitic and posted Nazi imagery in his videos. Felix Kjellberg, known online as PewDiePie, has the most popular YouTube channel, with more than 53 million subscribers. The Swedish YouTube star rose to fame by posting videos of him playing and commenting about video games. More recently, he branched out into non-gaming videos that show him performing skits, stunts or making jokes. Disney, whose Maker Studios runs Kjellberg’s channels and network, said he crossed the line with some of his videos. One video from January shows two Indian men paid by Kjellberg to hold up a sign that says “Death to all Jews.” Kjellberg said the video was meant to demonstrate how far people will go if they get paid to do something, but he didn’t think they would actually do it. Other videos show Nazi imagery in a satirical way. In blog post Kjellberg said he was making jokes, but realizes now that they were offensive. Kjellberg’s channel was already part of Maker Studios when the Walt Disney Co. bought Maker in 2014 for $675 million. Maker contracts with individuals such as Kjellberg to produce videos for various YouTube channels. Kjellberg pulled the video showing the two men displaying the anti-Semitic sign, but it is excerpted in a Wall Street Journal video. Other videos still on the site show Nazi imagery being used satirically. Maker Studios said in a statement that while Kjellberg’s channel is popular because he is irreverent and provocative, the studio is ending its affiliation with him because he went too far. YouTube spokeswoman Michelle Slavich said YouTube has canceled the release of the second season of Kjellberg’s reality show “Scare PewDiePie” and removed the PewDiePie channel from its Google Preferred advertising program, which aggregates top YouTube content for advertisers to buy time on. Digital & Driveway Delivery - 50% Off Most Popular OCC student suspended after filming teacher saying Trump's election was 'an act of terror Major injury collision shuts down Huntington Beach intersection; one driver arrested on s Activists' visit to Dana Rohrabacher's office ends with 2-year-old hit by door, 71-year-o $50,000 reward offered in 2 Santa Ana gang-related homicides; arrests made in 2 other cas Woman dies after being hit by car in Huntington Beach User Agreement Comments are encouraged, but you must follow our Privacy Policy Policy & Terms of Use Keep it civil and stay on topic. No profanity, vulgarity, racial slurs or personal attacks. People who harass others or joke about tragedies will be blocked. By posting your comment, you agree to allow Orange County Register Communications, Inc. the right to republish your name and comment in additional Register publications without any notification or payment. Quake scientists focus on San Onofre and calm some fears, possibly stoke others Zeus, one of Santa Ana's 'most experienced' police horses, dies during training Disneyland update: Steel's landing in the 'Star Wars' land project Pepper spray fumes prompt evacuation of Garden Grove hotel Listless Lakers stagger into All-Star break with 137-101 loss to Suns Clippers bury Hawks, take 4-game win streak into All-Star break Expected rain clouds Genesis Open outlook for two-time champion Bubba Watson and others Whicker: Deaf golfer Kevin Hall, 34, not an easy man to discourage, still pushing to play on PGA Tour 12 restaurant closures include 2 Walmart McDonald's, Coco's, Carrows, TGI Friday's, Chili's Is your house payment gobbling up 43% of your income? Compare Orange County with other U.S. cities AutoAlert moves HQ from Irvine to Kansas City Carl's Jr. CEO Puzder withdraws nomination for labor secretary 'Fist Fight's' humor lands with a thud No cure for plodding 'Wellness' Disneyland update: Steel's landing in the 'Star Wars' land project Dates announced for 'Hamilton' coming to Segerstrom Center in May 2018 Top news Education » Orange Coast College student suspended for secret recording speaks out Irvine teen, teacher to honor D-Day 'silent hero' whose story hasn't been told OCC student suspended after filming teacher saying Trump's election was 'an act of terrorism' BUSINESS » 12 restaurant closures include 2 Walmart McDonald's, Coco's, Carrows, TGI Friday's, Chili's Is your house payment gobbling up 43% of your income? Compare Orange County with other U.S. cities AutoAlert moves HQ from Irvine to Kansas City O.C. Watchdog » Quake scientists focus on San Onofre and calm some fears, possibly stoke others Get nuclear waste off beach, Issa says NRC nuked cancer study assuming no link between reactors and disease, records show Health Care » CSUF training the midwives of the future State braces for Medi-Cal's future Newport Beach doctor who faked own death pleads guilty to fleeing ENTERTAINMENT » 'Fist Fight's' humor lands with a thud No cure for plodding 'Wellness' Disneyland update: Steel's landing in the 'Star Wars' land project Food » 12 restaurant closures include 2 Walmart McDonald's, Coco's, Carrows, TGI Friday's, Chili's Two Orange County restaurants, one chef up for James Beard Awards Food Events for Feb. 23- March 4 TELEVISION » Top Chef recap: Will Orange County have another finalist? Does Newport Beach chef Shirley Chung make it to the Final Four of 'Top Chef'? Drummer with disabilities pursues a dream - a shot at America's Got Talent Special Sections » Oceanfront Laguna Beach house asking $19.4 million heads to auction block OC Home 2016 OC HOME 2015 Featured Multimedia SLIDESHOW » Here's how WWE SmackDown LIVE looked like at Honda Center in Anaheim FLOODING » How the Lake Oroville Dam is just the beginning of California's flood fears SLIDESHOW » Rumor the German shepherd wins best in show at Westminster Dog Show GALLERY » These cute animal photos will warm your heart for Valentine's Day MARRIAGE RATES » FOCUS: Where and why marriage rates are in decline OCVARSITY » Video: Preview of boys basketball playoffs Programs & Promotions Nominate an Everyday Hero Stay Connected with our E-Mail Newsletters Cars Jobs Homes Deals Classifieds Find a car Dealer Print Specials Find a Dealer News and Research Sell a Car Find a job Employer Tools Interview Online Post a Resume Top Workplaces Find a home Apartments & Rentals Find an Agent Mortgage Center New Homes Find a deal Garage Sales Grocery Coupons Search Coupons Search Ads Search Classifieds Announcements Obituaries Place an Ad Pets Business Directory More Orange County Businesses Ads by Google Return to Top home news sports business entertainment life travel opinion Real estate Jobs Cars Deals Classifieds Place an Ad ADVERTISE OPTIONS Self Service Place an Online Ad Place a Print Ad Place a Classified Ad Media Kit Advertising Contact Info CONTACT OCREGISTER About Us Careers Contact Us Corrections Customer Service Subscribe Today Upgrade to 7-days Subscriber Services Site Help Site Feedback OCR SERVICES Archives Buy Our Photos California Lottery Deals Register Rewards Register in Education Obituaries Facebook Comments FAQs NEWS YOUR WAY Blogs E-Mail Newsletters E-Register Mobile RSS Site Map Video ADVERTISING Classifieds Cars Deals Jobs Real Estate Place a Classified Ad View our Media Kit PARTNERS KDOC-TV Unidos Coast Magazine Freedom Printing OC Register Family Southland Golf Copyright © 2017 The Orange County Register & Digital First Media Privacy Policy & Terms of Use | Copyright | Arbitration | Site Help | Site Map | Digital First Media
February 15, 2017 | 75° | Check Traffic Subscribe Customer Service Print Replica LOG IN Search for: Home Top News Local Sports Crave Features Business Editorial Obits Homes Cars Jobs Classifieds Search for: LOG IN SUBSCRIBE 2016 Election Results Archives Columnists TGIF Video Photo Galleries Hawaii Prep World Hawaii Warrior World Blogs Travel Religion Hokulea Merrie Monarch Movie Listings TV Week Corrections Dining Out Hawaii Renovation Special Sections Honolulu Street Pulse Home 2016 Election Results Archives Top News Local Sports Crave Business TGIF Features Editorial Religion Columnists Travel Print Replica Blogs Video Photo Galleries Hokulea Merrie Monarch Customer Service Cars Homes Classifieds Movie Listings Jobs TV Week Features Disney ends deal with YouTube star over anti-Semitic stunt By Mae Anderson, Associated Press Posted February 14, 2017 February 14, 2017 Updated February 14, 2017 8:05am ASSOCIATED PRESS YouTube star Felix Kjellberg arrives at the premiere of “Ender’s Game” in Los Angeles in 2013. Disney’s Maker Studios and Google’s YouTube are distancing themselves from Kjellberg after he made jokes about anti-Semitism and posted Nazi imagery in his videos. Kjellberg, a Swedish YouTube star known as PewDiePie, with more than 53 million subscribers, rose to fame by posting gaming videos. NEW YORK >> Disney’s Maker Studios and Google’s YouTube are distancing themselves from a top YouTube star after he made jokes construed as anti-Semitic and posted Nazi imagery in his videos. Felix Kjellberg, known online as PewDiePie, has the most popular YouTube channel, with more than 53 million subscribers. The Swedish YouTube star rose to fame by posting videos of him playing and commenting about video games. More recently, he branched out into non-gaming videos that show him performing skits, stunts or making jokes. Disney, whose Maker Studios runs Kjellberg’s channels and network, said he crossed the line with some of his videos. One video from January shows two Indian men paid by Kjellberg to hold up a sign that says “Death to all Jews.” Kjellberg said the video was meant to demonstrate how far people will go if they get paid to do something, but he didn’t think they would actually do it. Other videos show Nazi imagery in a satirical way. In blog post Kjellberg said he was making jokes, but realizes now that they were offensive. Kjellberg’s channel was already part of Maker Studios when the Walt Disney Co. bought Maker in 2014 for $675 million. Maker contracts with individuals such as Kjellberg to produce videos for various YouTube channels. Kjellberg pulled the video showing the two men displaying the anti-Semitic sign, but it is excerpted in a Wall Street Journal video. Other videos still on the site show Nazi imagery being used satirically. Maker Studios said in a statement that while Kjellberg’s channel is popular because he is irreverent and provocative, the studio is ending its affiliation with him because he went too far. YouTube spokeswoman Michelle Slavich said YouTube has canceled the release of the second season of Kjellberg’s reality show “Scare PewDiePie” and removed the PewDiePie channel from its Google Preferred advertising program, which aggregates top YouTube content for advertisers to buy time on. Get the latest news by email Sign Up Share this: PREV NEXT Most Read Show cards or apologize, tourism official tells Wakai 2 Honolulu restaurants nominated for James Beard Awards UH to suspend search for new Manoa chancellor Man confesses to killing Makiki real estate broker, actress Woman arrested in killing of N. Korean leader’s half-brother No comments Leave a Reply Cancel reply You must be logged in to post a comment. By participating in online discussions you acknowledge that you have agreed to the TERMS OF SERVICE. An insightful discussion of ideas and viewpoints is encouraged, but comments must be civil and in good taste, with no personal attacks. Because only subscribers are allowed to comment, we have your personal information and are able to contact you. If your comments are inappropriate, you may be banned from posting. To report comments that you believe do not follow our guidelines, email commentfeedback@staradvertiser.com. Copyright ©2017 staradvertiser.com. All rights reserved. 500 Ala Moana Blvd. #7-210, Honolulu, HI 96813 Telephone: (808) 529-4747 About Us Media Kit Advertise Privacy Policy Contact Information Terms of Service
Close Skip to main content sign in Comment activity Edit profile Email preferences Change password Sign out become a supporter subscribe search jobs more from the guardian: jobs change edition: switch to the UK edition switch to the AU edition switch to the INT edition US edition switch to the UK edition switch to the Australia edition switch to the International The Guardian home › soccer live scores tables competitions results fixtures clubs home US politics world opinion sports selected soccer selected tech arts lifestyle fashion business travel environment browse all sections close Champions League PSG 4-0 Barcelona: Champions League last 16, first leg – as it happened Parc des Princes was the scene of a St Valentine’s Day massacre as imperious PSG routed a Barca side so awful their performance beggared belief Match report: PSG 4-0 Barcelona Updated Edinson Cavani celebrates after scoring the fourth. Photograph: Francois Mori/AP Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email View more sharing options Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Close Barry Glendenning @bglendenning Tuesday 14 February 2017 17.17 EST First published on Tuesday 14 February 2017 13.29 EST Key events Show 4.38pm EST 16:38 Full-time: PSG 4-0 Barcelona 4.15pm EST 16:15 GOAL! PSG 4-0 Barcelona (Cavani) 3.33pm EST 15:33 Half-time in Paris: PSG 2-0 Barcelona 3.05pm EST 15:05 GOAL! PSG 1-0 Barcelona (Di Maria 18) 4.45pm EST 16:45 In tonight's other match ... 3.58pm EST 15:58 GOAL! PSG 3-0 Barcelona (Di Maria) 3.47pm EST 15:47 Second half: PSG 2-0 Barcelona Live feed Show 5.00pm EST 17:00 Ángel Di María strikes twice as four-star PSG dismantle Barcelona Read more Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 4.45pm EST 16:45 In tonight's other match ... Benfica have beaten Borussia Dortmund by the only goal of the game at the Stadium of Light. Konstantinos Mitroglou (remember him, Fulham fans?) got the only goal in which Borussia Dortmund are said to have missed a host of good chances, including one from the spot by Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang. Find out how that one went here. Updated at 5.02pm EST Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 4.41pm EST 16:41 What a performance from PSG! Thomas Meunier, Adrien Rabiot, Marco Verratti, Angel Di Maria and Julian Draxler were the stand-out performers on an evening that wll prompt no end of think pieces about a changing of the European guard. They might be a bit premature, but Barcelona came up woefully short tonight - their makeshift defence just couldn’t cope, their midfield was non-existent and they failed to score for only the second time in any competition this season. They’ll need little short of a miracle to turn this one around in three weeks time. Edinson Cavani is congratulated by Barcelona’s Luis Suarez. Photograph: Lionel Bonaventure/AFP/Getty Images Updated at 4.48pm EST Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 4.38pm EST 16:38 Full-time: PSG 4-0 Barcelona Peep! Peep! Peeeeeeep! It’s all over! Barcelona have been torn apart by a rampant PSG team who were a joy to watch this evening. They will take a 4-0 lead to Camp Nou, safe in the knowledge that no side in Champions League history has ever come back from a 4-0 first leg deficit. Updated at 5.17pm EST Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 4.36pm EST 16:36 90+2 min: Barcelona corner. The ball’s played to Rakitic at the near post and the ensuing scramble in the PSG box ends with Neymar appealing for a penalty as he kicks the ball against the hand of Marquinhos. No spot-kick is forthcoming. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 4.35pm EST 16:35 90 min: There’ll be four minutes of added time. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 4.34pm EST 16:34 89 min: Rabiot concedes a free-kick just outside his own penalty area and Ivan Rakitic - the snake - spends a long time telling the referee the PSG midfielder should be given a second yellow and sent off. He’s probably right, but nobody likes a snitch and Szymon Marciniak keeps his card in his pocket. From the ensuing free-kick, Neymar shoots high over the cross-bar. Updated at 5.16pm EST Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 4.32pm EST 16:32 88 min: Luis Enrique is cutting an extremely forlorn figure on the touchline and it’s not difficult to understand why.As things stand, if PSG score at Camp Nou in the second leg, his side will need six goals to get through to the quarter-finals. Updated at 5.16pm EST Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 4.29pm EST 16:29 86 min: PSG substitution:Julian Draxler, one of several Princes de Parc at Parc des Princes tonight goes off to a standing ovation. He’s been absolutely superb, wreaking havoc down the left for PSG all night. Javier Pastore comes on for a gallop. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 4.28pm EST 16:28 84 min: Ah, replays show that Umtiti’s header was helped on to the post by Layvin Kurzawa, who leaped alongside him. Good defending. Updated at 5.15pm EST Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 4.27pm EST 16:27 83 min: Barcelona win a corner, which Rakitic lofts towards the far post. Piquet heads across the face of goal and Umtiti somehow contrives to head against the woodwork from a foot out when he had an empty goal to aim at. When your luck’s out ... Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 4.25pm EST 16:25 81 min: An inability to type as well as PSG are playing has precluded me from mentioning every single attack of theirs, but it’s no exaggeration to say they’ve made Barcelona look like a pub team tonight. The Catalan side have been extraordinarily poor, but have not been allowed to play by PSG. The French champions have been outstanding in attack and defence and have completely bossed midfield. They could conceivably be six or seven goals up. A poor display from Luis Enrique’s team. Photograph: Christian Hartmann/Reuters Updated at 4.30pm EST Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 4.22pm EST 16:22 79 min: Messi plays the ball to Jordi Alba by the byline and he pulls a volley back across the penalty area. Neymar vollies low and hard, but his effort fizzes wide. Updated at 4.22pm EST Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 4.20pm EST 16:20 Some house-keeping: Rafinha is booked for a foul on Christopher Nkunku, who has replaced Marco Verratti. Barcelona substitution: Ivan Rakitic on for Andres Iniesta, who hasn’t been at the races. He’s just back from injury so it’s no surprise he was off the pace. Updated at 4.20pm EST Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 4.18pm EST 16:18 74 min: Messi’s been semi-culpable for two of the PSG goals and Neymar will have to put his hand up for that one. Meunier picked the ball up inside his own half, cut inside Neymar’s “press” and then ambled forward at his leisure with all the time in the world. with Barcelona’s defenders back-pedalling, he slipped the ball into the penalty area, picking out a neat little run from Cavani. He beat Ter Stegen at his near post with a fine strike that the goalkeeper should nevertheless have stopped. Dust off your Valentine’s Day Massacre headlines - this could get a lot of worse before full-time. Updated at 5.14pm EST Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 4.15pm EST 16:15 GOAL! PSG 4-0 Barcelona (Cavani) So easy! Edinson Cavani bags his birthday goal and it’s difficult to put into words just how easy it’s been for his side. The PSG right-back Thomas Meunier saunters through midfield in acres of space with nobody in a Barcelona shirt near him, then slips the striker through the inside right with a through-ball and the finish is clinical. Edinson Cavani finishes clinically for the fourth. Photograph: Clive Rose/Getty Images Cavani celebrates after his emphatic finish. Photograph: Francois Mori/AP Updated at 5.14pm EST Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 4.13pm EST 16:13 69 min: Marco Verratti goes down under a challenge from Leo Messi and immediately signals to the bench that he needs to be substituted. He hobbles off after getting stretchy-foot treatment for what looks like cramp. Hopefully it’s nothing more serious - he’s had a splendid game. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 4.11pm EST 16:11 67 min: Lucas drives at what passes for the Barcelona defence and unleashes a shot, but makes life easy for Ter Stegen. Moments later at the other end of the pitch, Kevin Trapp darts off his line to punch a cross from the left clear under pressure from Messi. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 4.09pm EST 16:09 66 min: Just to clarify, Draxler is not literally making hay down the left flank. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 4.08pm EST 16:08 65 min: Draxler is making hay down the left flank, as predicted. He drills the ball low and hard across the Barca penalty area, where Lucas swivels and tries to steer the ball goalwards. He doesn’t get decent contact and his shot is blocked. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 4.07pm EST 16:07 65 min: Barcelona win a free-kick wide on the right. Leo Messi curls the ball across the face of goal, but Neymar is well offside. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 4.06pm EST 16:06 63 min: Sergio Busquets is booked for a hack on Marco Verratti. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 4.05pm EST 16:05 61 min: Barcelona win a free-kick, from which PSG go close to scoring. Lucas releases the excellent Rabiot with a through ball down the left, but his cross is poor and leaves Cavani frustrated in the middle. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 4.03pm EST 16:03 60 min: PSG substitution: Angel Di Maria goes off to a standing ovation. He’s replaced by Lucas Moura. He doesn’t look injured, so I’m not sure what the logic is there. Updated at 4.04pm EST Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 4.02pm EST 16:02 58 min: Barcelona substitution: Having given the ball away twice in quick succession, Andre Gomes is hooked by his manager Luis Enrique and replaced by Rafinha. It’s unfair to single anyone out from a Barcelona side that’s had an uncharacteristic collective stinker, but Gomes has been conspicuously dreadful. Updated at 4.04pm EST Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 4.00pm EST 16:00 56 min: That was an absolutely outstanding team goal from PSG, even if Barcelona’s players put up all the resistance of a set of training cones. Trapp played it out from the back to Draxler, who waltzed past a half-hearted Leo Messi press and played the ball forward. Eventually it found its way to Maria, who played a give and go, got it on his left foot and curled a wonderful effort past Ter Stegen. The camera promptly cut to Leo Messi and his face was a picture of bewilderment. Updated at 5.12pm EST Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 3.58pm EST 15:58 GOAL! PSG 3-0 Barcelona (Di Maria) Crikey! Another birthday present for Angel Di Maria, who curls the ball around the outstretched arm of Marc Andre ter Stegen and into the top left-hand corner. Angel Di Maria curls in the third. Photograph: Benoit Tessier/Reuters Paris Saint-Germain’s players celebrate after Di Maria’s second. Photograph: Lionel Bonaventure/AFP/Getty Images Updated at 4.14pm EST Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 3.56pm EST 15:56 53 min: Sergio Busquets misplaces a pass, the ball rolls into no-man’s land and Adrien Rabiot pounces. He gallops forwards and over-hits his through ball towards Cavani, who is one of two birthday boys in the PSG ranks. He’s 30 today, while Angel Di Maria is 29. Happy birthday, lads. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 3.55pm EST 15:55 51 min: Andres Iniesta mis-controls and puts the ball out of play for a PSG throw-in. No, really - Andres Iniesta mis-controls and puts the ball out of play for a PSG throw-in. These are not alternate facts. This is not fake news. Andres Iniesta’s touch has just let him down. Updated at 5.11pm EST Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 3.53pm EST 15:53 49 min: PSG appear to have started where they left off and are dominating the early stages of this second half. Di Maria picks out Meunier with a wonderful ball to the edge of the Barca penalty area, it’s moved wide and the ensuing cross from the left by Matuidi is headed wide by Cavani. He and Layvin Kurzawa were completely unmarked and may even have got in each other’s way. This is shocking from Barcelona. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 3.50pm EST 15:50 46 min: PSG win a free-kick halfway inside the Barca half and Angel Di Maria floats the ball towards the far post. Barcelona only half-clear to the right flank, where the centre-back Presnel Kimpembe does well to play it back across the face of goal. Draxler controls the ball and attempts to curl it inside the far post. Wide, but not by much. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 3.47pm EST 15:47 Second half: PSG 2-0 Barcelona 46 min: The teams emerge for the second half, with Barcelona on the ropes and desperate to get a foothold in this game. They’ve only been held scoreless once this season in any competition, by Malaga. A quiet half from Lionel Messi. Photograph: Lionel Bonaventure/AFP/Getty Images Updated at 3.59pm EST Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 3.33pm EST 15:33 Half-time in Paris: PSG 2-0 Barcelona Well, well, well! After a splendid first-half performance, Paris Saint-Germain go in for their half-time brew with a thoroughly deserved two-goal lead. They’ve been absolutely outstanding against a Barcelona team that hasn’t played well at all. They haven’t been allowed to play well at all. Updated at 5.10pm EST Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 3.31pm EST 15:31 44 min: Julian Draxler wins a corner off the increasingly hapless Sergi Roberto. Di Maria drives the ball low towards the near post, where Cavani puts it out for a goal kick. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 3.30pm EST 15:30 43 min: Barcelona are in all sorts of bother - I can’t remember ever seeing them play so badly. Neymar’s the only one of them performing as well as you’d expect, while Leo Messi has been caught in possession twice in quick succession. Chapeau to PSG, mind - they have been outstanding. Verrati and Di Maria are completely bossing midfield. If only there was a French word for “chapeau” ... Neymar attempts to control the ball under pressure from Marquinhos and Marco Verratti. Photograph: Benoit Tessier/Reuters Updated at 5.10pm EST Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 3.28pm EST 15:28 41 min: Yep, Leo Messi dawdles on the ball inside his own half, is robbed by Adrien Rabiot and makes no attempt to get it back. Rabiot promptly played the ball to Marco Verratti, who drove forward through the centre and picked out Draxler with a wonderful pass. The German made no mistake as he fired it low and hard into the corner past Ter Stegen from about 15 yards. Updated at 5.09pm EST Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 3.26pm EST 15:26 GOAL! PSG 2-0 Barcelona (Draxler) 40 min: Julian Draxler puts PSG even further ahead with his first ever Champions League goal after a mistake by ... Leo Messi. Paris Saint-Germain’s Julian Draxler fires in the second. Photograph: Christian Hartmann/Reuters Paris Saint-Germain’s players celebrate after Draxler’s goal. Photograph: Christophe Simon/AFP/Getty Images Updated at 3.37pm EST Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 3.25pm EST 15:25 38 min: A bit of a lull, although Ter Stegen has a hairy moment when he’s forced out of his penalty area to deal with a through ball that stops just short of the byline. He does so without fuss, under pressure from Cavani. Updated at 5.08pm EST Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 3.22pm EST 15:22 35 min: Play moves down the other end, where - not for the first time - Julian Draxler breezes past Roberto and unleashes a drive from a tight angle. Ter Stegen puts it out for a corner with an exceptionally strong arm. A game of pinball ensues from the resulting inswinger, but Ter Stegen eventually gathers. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 3.20pm EST 15:20 34 min: Neymar wriggles down the inside left, cuts inside and tries to curl the ball towards the far post. His effort is blocked. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 3.19pm EST 15:19 32 min: Barcelona have forced themselves into the game since going a goal down and it’s about time too. Their midfielder Andre Gomes gets a yellow card for treading on Julian Draxler’s ankle with a late challenge. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 3.17pm EST 15:17 30 min: Corrections and clarifications department: By “into the side-netting”, I mean “goalwards, forcing a near post save from PSG goalkeeper Kevin Trapp. A corner for Barca”, from which nothing comes. Apologies, I was momentarily distracted. Updated at 5.07pm EST Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 3.15pm EST 15:15 28 min: A sign of life from Barcelona - Neymar sprints through the centre leaving Matuidi and Kimpembe in his wake. He plays the ball in behind the defence picking out a great run down the right from Andre Gomes, in tonight for Ivan Rakitic. He sends his low diagonal effort from a tight angle into the side netting. Barcelona’s Andre Gomes fires straight at goalkeeper Kevin Trapp. Photograph: Clive Rose/Getty Images Updated at 3.26pm EST Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 1 of 2 Newest Newer Older Oldest Topics Champions League Paris Saint-Germain Barcelona European club football Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Reuse this content most viewed The Guardian back to top home US politics world opinion sports selected soccer selected tech arts lifestyle fashion business travel environment all sections close home US politics world UK europe americas asia middle east africa australia cities development opinion sports selected soccer selected MLS NFL MLB NBA NHL soccer selected live scores tables competitions results fixtures clubs tech arts movies tv & radio music games books art & design stage classical lifestyle food health & fitness love & sex family women home & garden fashion business economics sustainable business diversity & equality in business small business travel USA europe UK skiing environment climate change wildlife energy pollution science media crosswords blog editor quick cryptic prize quiptic genius speedy everyman azed video Soccer › Champions League Facebook Twitter jobs guardian labs subscribe all topics all contributors solve technical issue about us contact us complaints & corrections terms & conditions privacy policy cookie policy securedrop © 2017 Guardian News and Media Limited or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved.
Hot Deals Apps Auto Tech Mobiles Internet Laptops How-To Opinions Forum SKOAR Ask Digit Photos Videos Contests News Releases Subscribe Advertise Menu Top10 Reviews News & Launches In Depth Opinions Forum SKOAR Hot Deals Help Me Buy Mobiles Laptops Auto Tech Internet Photos Videos Contests News Releases Buy Digit Subscribe Current/ past issue Advertise Ask Digit Search Searchclose  A क అ   हिंदी తెలుగు मराठी മലയാളം தமிழ் भोजपुरी বাংলা ਪੰਜਾਬੀ ଓଡିଆ ગુજરાતી ಕನ್ನಡ অসমীয়া اردو Languages: Profile Login With X Digit Internet Do torrent sites even need Google and other search traffic? Do torrent sites even need Google and other search traffic? Google and other search engines will allegedly take action to reduce search traffic on torrent websites. By Prasid BanerjeePrasid Banerjee Published Date 14 - Feb - 2017 | Last Updated 15 - Feb - 2017 Tweet   ZTE Blade A2 Plus (Grey, 32 GB) 11999 My first introduction to peer-to-peer file sharing was with something called Limewire. The combination of an incredibly fast 56 kbps dial-up connection and a Pentium III PC with less RAM than most smartphones today, made the process of downloading content friggin impossible, unless you were me. I used Limewire to create a collection of 500GB of music over the years, transitioning to broadband Internet over time. This was accompanied by about 200GB of movies, some e-books and a 5GB collection, meant only for setup files for various software. I did all that, wondering how the Internet can give it to me for free, and though I stream or pay for all my content today, it’s tough to deny the convenience and sheer variety of content I could access with just a few hours of downtime. Faster the Internet speeds, more I downloaded. Now that brings us to the topic at hand. Is Google banning our much loved torrent websites? In a word, the answer is no. No one knows what the “voluntary code of conduct” between search engines and copyright holders is. What these copyright holders want is for infringing links to not show up on search results, or at least show up less. Google and company is presumably going to tweak their algorithms to achieve the same, hence reducing search traffic to torrent aggregators and websites guilty of content piracy. This brings us to the question: do these websites even need search traffic? Torrent Websites When I finally stopped using Limewire, which was a P2P client that would allow both search and download, I switched to a well known torrent aggregator, called Torrentz. While Torrentz itself was shut down recently, it has sprung back up in a whole new avataar. Me and many others who pirate or have pirated content online, usually have set places to go to. Unlike searching for news or content websites, you don’t always need Google to find you the right spot. You need it, perhaps for the first search, but once you’ve identified the website, you’ll never open Google.com for it again. Torrentz is a glowing example of the same, as is the fact that SimilarWeb shows 13.10 million visits to Fastpiratebay, a PirateBay proxy. SimilarWeb also shows 4.4 million visits to pirate.trade and 1 million visits for bay.tv, two other Piratebay proxy websites. Despite being banned earlier, Kickasstorrents’ newest avataar, https://katcr.co/, gets 15.7 million visits, according to SimilarWeb. For the uninitiated, SimilarWeb is a digital market intelligence company that can track website traffic for free. Websites infringing copyrights Torrents are part of this conversation because to the copyright holder, they’re the most dangerous. You can download a torrent file, create copies of it and then distribute it further. However, they’re not the only form of online piracy that the “voluntary code of conduct” should concern itself with. Here again, though, Google or any other search engine is instrumental in discovering the website, unless of course you just simply ask your piracy crazy friend. One of the most visited websites in this domain is onwatchseries.to, which has a virtually unending catalogue of TV Shows that you can play for free. SimilarWeb puts the total visits to this website at 67 million, while watchfree.to, the Putlocker alternative stands at about 43 million total site visits. Torrent Clients While Limewire is long dead, torrent clients exist and are instrumental in the pirate-verse. The most common, Bittorrent and uTorrent do not allow you to search on their desktop clients, but others, like qBittorrent, do allow you to search within their desktop clients. In essence, they’re torrent aggregators and downloaders, all in one simple solution. Another such torrent client is Vuze, which has the Vuze HD Network built into the app, for simpler and more trustworthy search. Search traffic may be reduced Over the years, Google has maintained a somewhat neutral stance on privacy. While the Search giant has acquiesced to many takedown requests, it has also been a proponent of anti-censorship on the Internet. The question of whether Google itself is responsible for censoring content is a debate for another day, but the fact remains that the company hasn’t actually “blocked” or “banned” these websites actively up till now. Google takes takedown requests and processes them regularly, but one needs to show proper reason. Here’s an example of how Google fights online piracy. I’m making an assumption here, but search engines should simply be pushing these websites lower in search rankings. If you’re like me, you’ll actually browse over to the other pages, but most won’t. So, yes, traffic coming from search engines may be affected, which means my mother will find it quite difficult to find torrents or her searches for “watch XYZ movie online free” may come back empty, but for the pro torrent users, this move matters not. Prasid Banerjee  prasid.banerjee@digit.in Trying to explain technology to my parents. Failing miserably. Other Popular Deals Micromax Canvas Spark 3 8 Gb Rs. 4299 Buy Now Lenovo Vibe K5 (Gold, VoLTE... Rs. 6999 Buy Now Samsung Galaxy J3 With S Bike... Rs. 7990 Buy Now Interesting Galleries  13 tips and tricks to optimise... 10 websites and applications you must know about 8 music streaming services worth trying out 6 ways to start learning Microsoft Azure How to improve your Firefox browsing experience The 12 most hilarious YouTube channels 10 Microsoft Big Data Success Stories Weird but interesting websites you ought to bookmark right... Next year, these attacks will threaten your cybersecurity Why you won't need cable or DTH in 2017 On International Internet Day, know your internet 10 reasons to trust Azure with your data 10 YouTube sci-tech channels every geek should follow 15 apps and websites to accomplish everyday tasks 15 must have chrome extensions Download free tools and Intel resources from Intel on Game development ​ advertisements Other Popular Deals Samsung Galaxy J3 With S Bike... Rs. 7990 Buy Now Coolpad Note 5 (Royal Gold, 32... Rs. 10999 Buy Now Lenovo Vibe K5 Note (Gold, 32... Rs. 11999 Buy Now advertisements Recent News MWC 2017: Moto G5, G5 Plus full specifications and photos... Samsung to reveal Galaxy S8 launch details at MWC 2017 Nokia 3 specs leak: 5.2-inch display, Snapdragon 425... Xiaomi claims to have sold 3 million Redmi 3S smartphones... Apple sold more smartphones than Samsung in Q4 2016: Gartner Trending Stories The record-breaker: A look at ISRO's PSLV-C37 and the 104... WhatsApp may borrow Snapchat's disappearing Stories feature... Sony 'Pikachu' smartphone with Helio P20 SoC, 21MP camera,... Honda City 2017 launched in India, ex-showroom prices start... Nokia 3, 5 budget Android phones and 3310 feature phone... Best Mobile Phones Upcoming Mobile Phones in India 2017 Best Phones under 15000 10 Best Smartphones under Rs 20000 Best phones under 10000 Best Android Mobile Phones advertisements Resource Center Aulia Faqih, Intel® Software Innovator and Intel® Black Belt Software Develop... By Intel Paul Langdon, based in Connecticut, is a very active member of the Intel® Sof... By Intel advertisements Contests Build More, Grow More, Sleep More Get deeply insightful resources on cloud database...PARTICIPATE NOW Forum Discussion How do other sites Import address from Our Yahoo &amp; Google ID? The other Google Search Site Can't access Google, gmail , orkut or any other Google sites using Dataone!!! Other users in LAN only access Google sites! any other way to access google page Load page 1 ABOUT US CONTACT US ADVERTISE SUBSCRIBE PRIVACY TERMS SITEMAP HTML Digit Digit caters to the largest community of tech buyers, users and enthusiasts in India. The all new Digit.in continues the legacy of Thinkdigit.com as one of the largest portals in India committed to technology users and buyers. Digit is also one of the most trusted names when it comes to technology reviews and buying advice and is home to the Digit Test Lab, India's most proficient center for testing and reviewing technology products. 9.9 MEDIA We are about leadership – the 9.9 kind! Building a leading media company out of India. And, grooming new leaders for this promising industry. Copyright © 2007-14 Nine Dot Nine Mediaworx Pvt. Ltd. All Rights Reserved. ZTE Blade A2 Plus (Grey, 11,999/- Buy Now Moto G Plus, 4th Gen (Bla 12,499/- Buy Now LeEco Le2 X526 (Rose Gold 13,999/- Buy Now Lenovo 310 Core i5 6th Ge 46,990/- Buy Now
Toggle navigation Toggle search All your technology ... Menu Skip to content Home News About Us Contact US Privacy Search: All your technology news in one place! News from Apple, Google, Microsoft and more! Google’s new cloud service is a unique take on a database – CIO Posted on February 14, 2017 by CIO Google has turned a database service that it uses to run some of its mission-critical products into an offering for its public cloud customers. On Tuesday, the company launched Cloud Spanner, a new, fully managed database that’s supposed to provide the … Google launches beta of Cloud Spanner, a managed version of its internal databaseVentureBeat Google is turning a key technology into a weapon in its cloud war with Amazon and MicrosoftBusiness Insider UK Google launches Cloud Spanner, its new globally distributed relational database serviceTechCrunch Fortune -WIRED all 6 news articles …read more wrote 26746 posts Post navigation ← Older Newer → All your technology news in one place! News from Apple, Google, Microsoft and more! Archives Archives Select Month February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 July 2014 June 2014 Recent News 7-year-old asks for Google job, Sundar Pichai tells her to finish school – India Today LG teases the G6’s UX 6.0: Multi-window support, squares, and rounded corners – Android Police Amazon Wants To Help Make Your Home Smart – Forbes India’s Tata Motors, Microsoft ink technology collaboration deal – Reuters Atomico closes on $765 million for its biggest fund yet – TechCrunch Subscribe to our Newsletter Email * © 2017 All your technology news in one place! - Powered by WordPress - Melany theme by deshack
        AutoGuide.com RVguide.com Motorcycle ATV.com Snowmobile.com PersonalWatercraft.com Login Register Home News Car Reviews Editorials Video Product Reviews Tips and Advice Contact FAQ Forum 2017 Subaru Crosstrek 2.0i Limited – You’re the Warrior Now Be Glad Your Nissan Frontier Wasn’t Built in Spain ZZ Top Is Ruining America(‘s Special Edition Ram Trucks) What Models Will Safeguard Your Wallet Over Five Years? 2017 Ford Flex Limited EcoBoost Review – It’s Been Almost A Decade The Perfect Chrysler Metaphor, Intentional or Not 2017 Kia Niro Hybrid First Drive Review – Hold the Trimmings Choose category AcuraAlfa RomeoAston MartinAudiBentleyBMWBuickCadillacChevroletChryslerCitroenDaciaDaihatsuDatsunDodgeFerrariFiatFordGenesisGMCHoldenHondaHyundaiInfinitiInternational HarvesterIran KhodroIsuzuJaguarJeepKiaLamborghiniLand RoverLexusLincolnLotusMaseratiMazdaMcLarenMercedes-BenzMercuryMGMINIMitsubishiNissanOldsmobileOpelOtherPeugeotPlymouthPontiacPorscheRamRemix ReviewRenaultRolls-RoyceSaabSaturnScionsmartSubaruSuzukiTataTeslaToyotaVauxhallVolkswagenVolvoŠkoda Find Reviews by Make: The Truth About Cars | Autonomous Vehicles | Connected Vehicles | Gizmology | Industry | News Blog Google Car Staffers Enriched Themselves by Giving their Boss the Finger By Steph Willems on February 14, 2017 Tweet Take the money and run, Steve Miller once said, and boy, did employees at Google’s self-driving car project take that advice to heart. According to a Bloomberg report, the financial incentive to leave the project and hit the bricks was so great, many realized they couldn’t afford not to quit. And, in the grand tradition of pulling up employment stakes, many enjoyed the fact that their departure cost the company big, big bucks. In many cases, those employees used the money to become Google competitors. Before the shrinking self-driving car unit was spun off into the Waymo entity back in December (bringing a normal payment structure to the workforce), the amount of compensation was apparently tied to the value of the project itself. Google expected big things from its autonomous driving project, so the value soon reached stratospheric levels. So great was the potential compensation that long-standing team members realized they’d be foolish not to grab Google’s cash and jump ship to another company. The exodus that began in 2015 was in full force early last year. With brainpower waning and the project’s objective growing increasingly hazy, Google ultimately turned the unit into a self-driving technology company. Two sources referred to Google’s hefty compensation payouts as, “Fuck you money.” The payment system, created in 2010, saw some employees given equity in the company and bonuses tied to the unit’s valuation. Each individual cash pile grew over time, especially after Google added a multiplier to its value in 2015. One team member saw a multiplier of 16 placed on four years’ worth of bonuses. According to sources, several of the payouts amounted to several millions of dollars. Ka-ching! Alphabet Inc., the holding company controlling Google (and now Waymo), claimed last year that the payouts were partly responsible for a spike in R&D costs. Now flush with dough, many of the former executives began work on their own autonomous startups — businesses that now compete with their former employer. Among the castaways is Bryan Salesky, founder of Argo AI. If the name sounds familiar, it should. Just last week, Ford Motor Company invested $1 billion into his Pittsburgh-based artificial intelligence company. Google’s generosity has proved a boon to its competitors. [Image: Frankieleon/Flickr (CC BY 2.0)] Posted in Autonomous Vehicles, Connected Vehicles, Gizmology, Industry, News Blog Tagged as autonomous cars, Google, google car, self-driving technology, Waymo Tweet Print More Reviews < Previous Post"General Motors Finally Recalls Two Pre-bankruptcy Wonders for Airbag Failures" Next Post >"Daimler’s Smart Will Kill Its Internal Combustion Engines Before Year’s End" Get the latest TTAC e-Newsletter! Recommended Back to Top End of Comments 19 Comments on “Google Car Staffers Enriched Themselves by Giving their Boss the Finger...” JimC2 February 14th, 2017 at 1:34 pm Does this mean there will be a Bing self-driving car? (Let the Bing jokes flow!) Login to reply Fred February 14th, 2017 at 1:51 pm Not in my garage. Login to reply OldManPants February 14th, 2017 at 2:00 pm “Not in my garage.” That’s very sharing of you! No, it would never be in your garage because once you’ve been dropped off at home it’s darting off to provide Mobility for some other worthy individuals. Who says we geezers can’t adapt? Login to reply Flipper35 February 15th, 2017 at 11:47 am Of course not, it would miss the entrance! Login to reply Whatnext February 14th, 2017 at 2:20 pm Ba-da-bing! Login to reply APaGttH February 14th, 2017 at 1:40 pm …In many cases, those employees used the money to became Google competitors… Shouldn’t that be, “become.” Login to reply JimC2 February 14th, 2017 at 1:50 pm “Now I am become Google competitor, destroyer of worlds.” Login to reply OldManPants February 14th, 2017 at 1:50 pm “Fuck you money.” Who exactly is the f*ckee here? The former employees that Google kickstarted as competitors? Login to reply FreedMike February 14th, 2017 at 1:54 pm Too bad they couldn’t have used a mortgage underwriter…I’d have sent them a resume. Login to reply stuki February 14th, 2017 at 1:56 pm Pretty good example of why more and more of the innovative work is moving to Asia, while all that’s left in Silicon Valley is half literate self promoting banksters on Fed welfare, hyping up “valuations” while pretending those bear some sort of relation to actual value add the way they do in non cleptocratic cultures. Login to reply OldManPants February 14th, 2017 at 2:01 pm Yeah.. *sigh*.. wish I were one, too. Login to reply Snooder February 14th, 2017 at 6:58 pm God, I know. I need to get my goddamn career back on track and get on that Venture Capital teat. Login to reply hgrunt February 14th, 2017 at 2:44 pm Can you name an Asia-based AI or autonomous driving company? Login to reply FreedMike February 14th, 2017 at 3:31 pm Weyland Yutani. Login to reply stuki February 14th, 2017 at 8:42 pm About as many as I can name California based companies successfully building and selling autonomous vehicles…. Thing is, the division of labor are increasingly such that Asian (and even Euro…) companies are building the components, and infrastructure supporting building the components, that look likely to be utilized by autonomous vehicle systems some time in the future. While the California based ones are…. building stock certificates, hype and zoning laws making it too expensive to hire enough engineers to compete effectively at much else. Look at Google, hardly famous for playing host to some unparalleled concentration of straight up idiots: Does the folly described in the article strike you as a cost effective way to develop anything at all? Do you think the Manhattan project was ran along those lines? What about Toyota’s autonomous vehicle tech programs? Hyundai’s? Bosch’? Silicon Valley has become so hollowed out over the past twenty years it no longer bears any resemblance to it’s former self. Like a friend of mine says: “HP was started in a garage. Nowadays, no young engineer can afford a house with a garage.” But, the banksters sure can. And the lawyers….. One can live off of make believe valuations based on what is increasingly tilted towards mere cultural exports and Stanford dormroom scifi dreams for only so long, before ones lack of clothes and serious fundamentals become obvious to even the most starry eyed of hype consumers. And when the mood swings, there is an absolutely ridiculously long, and getting longer all the time, way down, before one hits any support of substance. Login to reply carguy67 February 14th, 2017 at 10:18 pm Hewlett and Packard couldn’t afford a ‘house with a garage,’ either … They had to rent. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/HP_Garage Login to reply Master Baiter February 14th, 2017 at 4:12 pm “all that’s left in Silicon Valley is half literate self promoting banksters…” You couldn’t be more wrong if you tried. . . Login to reply stuki February 14th, 2017 at 8:43 pm You need to get out more. Seriously. Login to reply CarDesigner February 14th, 2017 at 5:53 pm And millennial slackers! Login to reply Back to TopLeave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. You must be logged in to post a comment. Find Car Reviews By Make Acura Ford Lotus Saturn Aston Martin GMC Maserati Scion Audi Honda Mazda smart Bentley Hyundai Mercedes-Benz Subaru BMW Infiniti Mercury Suzuki Buick Jaguar MG Toyota Cadillac Jeep MINI Volkswagen Chevrolet Kia Mitsubishi Volvo Chrysler Lamborghini Nissan Others Citroen Land Rover Porsche Dodge Lexus Pontiac Ferrari Lincoln Saab Receive updates on the best of TheTruthAboutCars.com Latest Car Reviews view all 2017 Chevrolet Cruze Hatchback Premier Review – Now Can We Forget About the Cavalier? 2017 Subaru Crosstrek 2.0i Limited – You’re the Warrior Now 2017 Ram 2500 Power Wagon First Drive Review – Macho Man 2016 Subaru WRX Long-Term Test – 15 Months and 27,000 Miles 2017 Ford Flex Limited EcoBoost Review – It’s Been Almost A Decade 2017 Nissan Rogue SL AWD Review – The Miata of Crossovers? Game Day Delivery: Domino’s DXP, a Bespoke Pizza Delivery Vehicle Follow @TTAC Recent Comments Re: Google Car Staffers Enriched Themselves by Giving their Boss the Finger Flipper35 - Of course not, it would miss the entrance! Re: QOTD: What’s the Rarest Car You’ve Spotted in the Wild? Because Cars - I live next to Ann Arbor, MI, and Saabs are almost as common as Hondas on the road. There are a handful of 9-4X running... Re: The Strong, Empowered, Equal Woman In Your Life Deserves The Gift Of A Leased Audi FreedMike - I don’t know, Jack, were we better off back in the day, when the life choices of *your wife* would have... Re: The Mitsubishi Eclipse Returns! (Unrecognizable and in the Wrong Segment) quaquaqua - Yeah, just… no. The Outlander Sport definitely was one of the first subcompact CUVs, and the Outlander is a nice... Re: Why Does Canada Trump Mexico in Eyes of New U.S. President? agent534 - @Big Al from Oz Mexico has suffered under NAFTA. They are not moving forward, they are being repressed. It is a bad deal for Estados... Re: The Strong, Empowered, Equal Woman In Your Life Deserves The Gift Of A Leased Audi PrincipalDan - I’m going to agree with Jack on that one. Re: Ace of Base: 2017 Alfa Romeo Giulia musicalmcs8706 - I went to the show on Monday. Same sort of thoughts. While the show was well done, there wasn’t really anything too exciting. The most exciting... Re: QOTD: What’s the Rarest Car You’ve Spotted in the Wild? BigOldChryslers - I recently saw a Grand Prix 2+2 Aerocoupe at a GM dealer. Stopped to get pics of that one! Re: Ace of Base: 2017 Alfa Romeo Giulia JMII - I mentioned the Infiniti comparison above. The Alfa is different looking and sounding. At least (for now) the Infiniti also comes in 2 door coupe form which I... Re: QOTD: What’s the Rarest Car You’ve Spotted in the Wild? BigOldChryslers - I’ve seen two Maybachs. One was at the side of the road near Ottawa, presumably broken down. This was many years... Latest Junkyard Finds view all 1987 Dodge 600 SE 2000 Toyota Echo 1972 Jeep J-4000, Used-Up Snowplow Edition 1978 International Harvester Scout II Traveler 1981 Datsun 280ZX 2+2 2002 Volvo V70 XC Ocean Race Edition 1981 Ford Granada L, Beige Fox-Body Edition Latest Editorials view all Ace of Base: 2017 Alfa Romeo Giulia The Strong, Empowered, Equal Woman In Your Life Deserves The Gift Of A Leased Audi Rare Rides: An Intriguing Oldsmobile 442 Shows Us Hurst at Its Worst Daimler’s Smart Will Kill Its Internal Combustion Engines Before Year’s End No Fixed Abode: The Cost of the Cap and the Price of Premier Piston Slap: The Aston Martin of Ford Mustangs? December Sales Were so Good That Lexus Ran Out of SUVs in January New Car Research Select a Make Select Make First Get a Free Dealer Quote <a href="http://finance.yahoo.com">Yahoo! Finance</a><br/><a href="http://finance.yahoo.com/q?s=F">Quote for F</a> Piston Slap Articles The Aston Martin of Ford Mustangs? Visibility vs. Roof Crush Standards? A GPS-targeting Sleeper Agent? How Reliable are Reliability Indexes? Submit Your Questions, Keep The Lights On To Love, To Hate Aftermarket Rimz (Part III) Which Chrysler Gearbox Makes a PT Cruise Once More? Hammer Time Articles The Real Cost of Being a Car Guy From Old Caddys to VW Crusher Fodder, Steve Lang’s Best of 2015 Why Would Anyone Ever Recommend The Dodge Journey? Why Cheap Cars Don’t Sell Is America’s Last $15,000 Midsize Sedan Worth It? Whatever Happened To Black Friday? How a Smelly Dog Helped Me Buy a Volkswagen Vellum Venom Articles 2017 North American International Auto Show (Part II) 2017 North American International Auto Show (Part I) 1985 Lamborghini Countach LP5000 QV 2016 Mazda MX-5 Miata (ND) Innovation, Planned Obsolescence and Fisher Body Pantone 448 C The Proliferation of Plastic Cladding Generation Why Articles Younger Generation at Risk of Being Poorer Than Parents Shifting With The Future At The Hagerty Driving Experience What’s Wrong with Buick, from a Former Buick Owner It’s Time To End The Non-Sporty Coupe I Want My S16 Social Media Is For Social Networking, Not Car Shopping JD Power Says Gen Y Now Buying More Cars Than Gen X Avoidable Contact Articles Thank You And Goodbye (Sort Of) Cayenne won’t help ya, Cayenne won’t do you no good. Who’s afraid of a little integration? Return Of The Mack. An immodest proposal to solve the German nomenclatural nincompoopery. Torture, forgiveness, meaning. This Geneva Convention Was Torture For Enthusiasts Staff Editors Mark Stevenson Managing Editor Steph Willems Associate Editor Timothy Cain Sales Analysis Jack Baruth Editor-at-Large Murilee Martin Junkyard Find Editor Sajeev Mehta Piston Slap Editor Contributors Matthew Guy, Canada Seth Parks, United States Ronnie Schreiber, United States Bozi Tatarevic, United States Chris Tonn, United States Corey Lewis, United States Moderators Adam Tonge, United States Kyree Williams, United States New Cars Used Cars Video Auto Insurance Future Cars Spy Photos Top 10 Compare Cars About Us Privacy Policy Advertise with Us Terms & Conditions © 2004 - 2017 The Truth About Cars
SUBSCRIBE NOWto get home delivery News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Icon Humidity Precip. Winds Open settings Settings Enter City, State or Zip Cancel Set Close settingsFull Forecast Crosswords Washington Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives Newsletters Photo Galleries Scores Newsstand Podcasts Investigations Policing the USA More News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Crosswords Washington Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives Newsletters Photo Galleries Scores Newsstand Podcasts Investigations Policing the USA Lightpost Search Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Sign In Subscribe to USA TODAYSubscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account Log Out Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Sign in with FacebookSign in with GoogleSign in FAQ 1 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest The best phones to buy for Verizon's new unlimited plan Put that unlimited data to good use with a new smartphone. Post to Facebook The best phones to buy for Verizon's new unlimited plan Put that unlimited data to good use with a new smartphone.  Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/2lfR77L {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. 3 Join the Nation's Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Reviews Deals Electronics Home & Outdoors The best phones to buy for Verizon's new unlimited plan TJ Donegan , Reviewed.com Published 11:10 a.m. ET Feb. 14, 2017 | Updated 2:51 p.m. ET Feb. 14, 2017 114 Shares The Apple iPhone SE is shaped like an iPhone 5S, but has the guts of a newer phone.  (Photo: Reviewed.com / Michael Desjardin) — Our editors review and recommend products to help you buy the stuff you need. If you make a purchase by clicking one of our links, we may earn a small share of the revenue. Our picks and opinions are independent from any business incentives. Verizon finally brought back one of its most popular plans this week, with the return of unlimited data. The new plans start at $80 per month (plus taxes and fees) for a single line, $140 for two lines, and $20 per phone/tablet line after that. For years, Verizon customers who wanted unlimited data were stuck in limbo between two choices: Stick with your old phone and your grandfathered unlimited data plan or switch carriers. According to Verizon, with the new plan the network may "queue" your download behind other users after you've downloaded 22GB of data if there's network congestion. That could limit your speeds briefly, but it's still a compelling option for data-hungry users. The problem? Most phones that work on AT&T and T-Mobile don't work on Verizon, so switching will probably require getting a new phone. If you're thinking about switching or upgrading, these are the best phones we've tested. Note that these monthly prices are stretched over a 24-month agreement if you're paying full price. Also worth noting: If you've got a recent iPhone or Galaxy phone in good working condition then Verizon has a deal where you can trade that in and get an iPhone 7, 7 Plus, Google Pixel, or LG V20 for $0 (with a few conditions). The monthly cost will still be on your bill, but you'll receive a credit that cancels it out each month. 1. Google Pixel ($27.08/mo or $649) The new Google Pixel is a world-class smartphone that runs a clean version of Android.  (Photo: Reviewed.com / Michael Desjardin) One of our favorite phones right now is the Google Pixel. It runs a beautiful version of stock Android that is simple to use and includes the new Google Assistant. By far the best feature is the camera, which is among the best we have ever tested. The phone even comes with unlimited, full-resolution uploads to Google Photos, which we think is a must-have app for literally everybody. Buy the Gogle Pixel ($27.08/mo or $649) 2. Apple iPhone 7 Plus ($32.08/mo or $769) The Apple iPhone 7 Plus is big, but its dual camera is the best we've ever tested.  (Photo: Reviewed.com / Michael Desjardin) Apple's iPhone 7 Plus doesn't have a headphone jack, but it does have an amazing camera and excellent battery life. While we're not happy about the whole headphone jack thing, the camera is worth it as long as you don't mind carrying around the included Lightning dongle. The camera is the best we've seen yet in low light from a smartphone, and the second camera gets a bit closer to your subject, which is perfect for portraits. The regular Apple iPhone 7 is a good alternative if you want something smaller and slightly cheaper, but note that it doesn't have the second portrait camera and it has a smaller battery. Buy the Apple iPhone 7 Plus ($32.08/mo or $769) 3. Samsung Galaxy S7 ($28/mo or $672) The Samsung Galaxy S7 is an amazing smartphone that has none of the troubles of the Note 7.  (Photo: Reviewed.com / Michael Desjardin) Samsung's reputation took a big hit with the whole Galaxy Note 7 fiasco, but it still knows how to make a great smartphone. The Galaxy S7 is the company's flagship smartphone, and it has everything that made the Note 7 such a great phone and none of the design flaws that forced its recall. I used one for over six months with no problems, so it's a safe bet. Buy the Samsung Galaxy S7 ($28/mo or $672) 4. Apple iPhone SE ($16.66/mo or $399.99) The Apple iPhone SE is shaped like an iPhone 5S, but has the guts of a newer phone.  (Photo: Reviewed.com / Michael Desjardin) If you've been hanging onto an old iPhone 5S and you can't stand the newer large-screen phones, the iPhone SE is our favorite option. It has the same design as the iPhone 5S, but with a processor and camera combo that's more in line with the iPhone 6S. It's not as fast as the iPhone 7, but if you love that old design it's the best small-screen phone around. It's also just $400 bought outright, so if you're not eligible for a trade-in discount, it's a great way to keep your monthly costs down and still get a great phone. Buy the Apple iPhone SE ($16.66/mo or $399.99) Check out Reviewed.com to read more reviews of the best smartphones, including our dynamically-updated list of the best phones for Verizon Wireless. Correction: This article originally incorrectly stated the price of the Verizon Unlimited plan with two lines. That has been updated and we regret the error. Verizon also claims that the new plan will not "throttle" speeds after 22GB, but it may queue your downloads behind other users in the event of network congestion, which could limit your speeds. Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/2lfR77L Most Popular The kitchen gear you should NEVER buy used 1.4k Shares Don't throw it out! That expired food could still be good How to buy the right Instant Pot, 2017's hottest gadget 657 Shares 7 smart home gadgets we absolutely love 779 Shares The best phones to buy for Verizon's new unlimited plan 114 Shares You don't want to miss these deals from Dyson, Kindle, & more 1.4k Shares
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search 0 Mail Tech Home Follow Us Reviews How To Deals Video Games Pogue Apple Some Pixel and Nexus owners can begin using Android Instant Apps now Adam Ismail Digital TrendsFebruary 14, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Share google instant apps now available android ioMore Late last month, Google announced it was beginning a limited test for its new Android Instant Apps initiative, a platform that allows users to run software without installing it to their device. Now, the functionality has reportedly reached some Pixel and recent Nexus phones, according to 9to5Google and Reddit. In typical Google fashion, not all supported devices running the most current versions of 7.0 Nougat are receiving Instant Apps immediately — the company appears to be rolling out the feature slowly, without notifying users. You can check if your phone is ready to start running Instant Apps by visiting the Google > Services submenu inside Settings. Eligible devices will have a toggle for Instant Apps, where the user can opt in. More: Google’s Instant Apps allows you to use apps without installing them If you’re one of the chosen few, the method for finding Instant Apps is still a bit counter-intuitive in these early stages. Users have to search for them in Chrome, and currently there are only four known examples: Buzzfeed, Viki, Periscope, and Wish. With any luck, a search result near the top labeled “Instant” should appear, and you can follow that link to run the app. At this point, not all of the apps are working in all cases, and 9to5Google says it is unclear which devices and versions of Android will receive the feature first. Google has stated it is targeting 4.1 Jelly Bean forward for the full release. Google is pitching Instant Apps as a solution to the problem of having to install an app you’ll only use once, or just want to test-drive. Think of them as smaller, stripped-down versions of existing apps that disappear from the device the moment they are closed. When Google announced the initiative in May of last year, it said that about “half a dozen” partners had agreed to embrace the format, including B&H Photo Video, Medium, Hotel Tonight, Zumper, Disney, and the aforementioned Buzzfeed. Instant Apps seem particularly beneficial for uncommon services, like hotel hunting, or impromptu shopping needs, so look forward to similar apps joining the list later on. Google’s Instant Apps allows you to use apps without installing them Lockheimer says Google Assistant will unite ChromeOS and Android How to send free text messages from your PC Reblog Share Tweet Share What to Read Next The LG G6 might beat the Galaxy S8 where it matters most BGR News Whatever Makes You Feel Beautiful WalgreensSponsored Wristband monitors your blood alcohol content while you drink Yahoo Tech You should be excited about the iPhone 8 even if you hate the iPhone BGR News Unlimited plans: Verizon, T-Mobile, AT&T and Sprint, compared CNET Make The Switch Now SpectrumSponsored Astronomers just found a piping hot ‘Super Earth’ BGR News Privacy |Terms |About our Ads |Suggestions Brought to you by Yahoo Finance
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Google cuts YouTube star´s premium advertising links over anti-Semitic imagery By Press Association Published: 12:51 EST, 14 February 2017 | Updated: 12:51 EST, 14 February 2017 e-mail Google has distanced itself from one of the world’s biggest YouTube stars over allegations of anti-Semitism. PewDiePie, real name Felix Kjellberg, has seen premium advertising links cut by the site after several videos posted by the vlogger in recent months were found to contain anti-Semitic imagery and references to Nazism. The Swede, who has more than 53 million subscribers to his YouTube channel, is reported to have made around 15 million dollars (£12 million) though Google-owned YouTube in 2016. White A post shared by PewDiePie (@pewdiepie) on Feb 3, 2017 at 1:38pm PST He said he accepts the material – which included an abusive sign and Nazi imagery – was offensive, but was “in no way supporting any kind of hateful attitudes”. In response, YouTube said it was cutting some of its ties with the video producer by cancelling a new series of his reality show due to be screened on the platform, and reducing his channel’s promotion to advertisers. “We’ve decided to cancel the release of Scare PewDiePie Season 2 and we’re removing the PewDiePie channel from Google Preferred,” a YouTube spokeswoman said. (Matt Sayles/Invision/AP) Google Preferred is an aggregated list of YouTube content aimed at potential advertisers. On Monday, the vlogger’s business parter Maker Studios, which is owned by Disney, also dropped the star after the Wall Street Journal raised concerns over some content in his videos. “Although Felix has created a following by being provocative and irreverent, he clearly went too far in this case and the resulting videos are inappropriate,” Maker Studios said in a statement. “Maker Studios has made the decision to end our affiliation with him going forward.” Google logo on the screen of a mobile phone Kjellberg said the aim of his videos is to entertain his followers. “I make videos for my audience. I think of the content that I create as entertainment, and not a place for any serious political commentary,” he said. “I know my audience understand that and that is why they come to my channel. Though this was not my intention, I understand that these jokes were ultimately offensive. “As laughable as it is to believe that I might actually endorse these people, to anyone unsure on my standpoint regarding hate-based groups: No, I don’t support these people in any way.” Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS Squeaky clean Holly Willoughby suffers wardrobe malfunction as she unwittingly slips out of flimsy top in throwback clip to kids' TV days 'A man can try': Jamie O'Hara admits he IS trying to win back his model ex on Dubai break... and reveals the real reason he dumped Bianca Gascoigne 'I don't feel myself at the moment': Miranda Hart 'hints mystery illness forced her to pull out of Call The Midwife'... months after citing busy schedule as her reason 'So proud of my baby!' Kim Kardashian heaps praise on Kanye West as they head out after his 'amazing' New York Fashion Week show 'She's a golddigger': Ferne McCann is slammed for 'forgetting her purse' and not offering to pay while romancing on Celebs Go Dating Still strutting! Kendall Jenner and Bella Hadid walk in their third NYFW show in one day as they join Taylor Hill on the Ralph Lauren catwalk  They believe in Yeezy! Kylie Jenner wraps up as she takes Tyga to Kanye West's NYFW show Pier 59 Studios played host  Lady Gaga 'gave her engagement ring back to Taylor Kinney' before going public with new beau Christian Carino Broke up in July Crisis on the cobbles! Coronation Street bosses 'at loggerheads over disturbing child grooming storyline'... as viewers express their 'discomfort' Tara Palmer-Tomkinson NEVER had a brain tumour despite claiming she was ill her sister reveals as friends say the It Girl made it up 'as a cry for help' 'I'm SO embarrassed': Atomic Kitten's Michelle Heaton is left red-faced when Lorraine Kelly grills her on being sick out of a taxi while on Australian tour 'He's on his way!' Kirk Norcross gets some rest as his mystery girlfriend goes into labour... amid row with ex over access to his baby daughter CBB's Bianca Gascoigne slams ex-boyfriend CJ Meeks after he was spotted on a date with lookalike blonde model 'You make me and mum smile every single day': Dan Osborne shares sweet posts of daughter Ella with Jacqueline Jossa as their toddler turns two  Damian Lewis reveals spouse Helen McCrory is worried their children will speak with American accents... as he discusses the stress of doing TV dramas George Clooney, 55, is 'excited but nervous' about having twins with wife Amal Clooney, 39  Like any first-time parent, actor is understandably anxious  'Those sleepless nights!': Matt Damon jokes about George Clooney's delayed start and becoming an old dad at 55 Mariah Carey makes triumphant return to real-time TV on Jimmy Kimmel Live after NYE Times Square debacle  Passionate performance on live TV Date night! Mariah Carey and Bryan Tanaka grab sushi before heading to Lakers game... after she debuts new single on Jimmy Kimmel Live Holding down the homefront! Kourtney Kardashian takes children out on the West Coast as brother-in-law Kanye West debuts new collection A model family! Teresa Giudice's daughter Milania walks the runway at Rookies New York Fashion Week show Stylish duo Helen Mirren oozes sophistication in power suit and red lace camisole as she attends The Great Wall premiere with husband Taylor Hackford So in love! Matt Damon looks besotted with wife Luciana Barroso as he takes her to The Great Wall premiere in LA One of the luckiest men around Date night! Chrissy Teigen and John Legend glam up for another evening out together after Valentine's Day Time to hit the town again Singer Boy George reveals he was having a drug-induced 'psychotic episode' when he kept a male escort prisoner in his London flat Chloe Who-is? Defiant Jake Hall dismisses ex Chloe Lewis' new romance revelation as he enjoys date night with lookalike girlfriend Missé Beqiri Model mother! Lara Bingle dotes over son Rocket Zot and her precious newborn as she jets out of New York  'It was an emotional reunion': Jeremy McConnell has finally met his four-week-old son Caben-Albi... and also spent time with ex Stephanie Davis 'It seems like 2017 is the year to get pregnant': Heidi Montag congratulates former The Hills co-stars Whitney Port and Lauren Conrad on baby news Catherine Zeta-Jones turns on the glamour as she heads to LAX with Michael Douglas and their teenage daughter Carys Always chic 'We should have bashed each other!' Trainspotting's Danny Boyle says he and Ewan McGregor would have settled their feud earlier if they'd had a punch up Rhian Sugden nails the Playboy look as she shows off her incredible cleavage and tiny waist in iconic corset with bunny ears for sizzling video Newsnight presenter Kirsty Wark suffered 'hard menopause' after ditching HRT over cancer fears  The 62-year-old endured sleepless nights  Sheer delight! Christie Brinkley wears VERY thin sweater while out with daughters in NYC The 63-year-old siren donned a super sheer sweater Baby's first catwalk! Coco Austin and Ice-T help adorable daughter Chanel walk the runway at Rookie USA NY Fashion Week show Braless Paris Jackson shows off nipple rings as she enjoys girl's day out in LA before an altercation at a gas station Ashley Greene looks elegant in flowing split dress at Hollywood premiere of In Dubious Battle  Stole the show in her super chic dress A model metabolism! Bella Hadid and Kendall Jenner grab greasy McDonald's as they head to another NYFW show She's no shrinking violet! Kim Kardashian forgoes her bra in sheer purple outfit at Kanye's Yeezy Season 5 show in New York 'I was nervous about the fans': Bella Heathcote feared public reaction to her role as Christian Grey's ex in Fifty Shades Darker Silver siren! Gwen Stefani stuns in metallic mini dress with matching glittered shoes for appearance on The Tonight Show Like mother like daughter! Cindy Crawford and Kaia Gerber look supermodel chic as they get ready for NYFW Looked like sisters Mel Gibson in talks to direct Suicide Squad sequel as Oscar nominee continues to enjoy career renaissance Sheer-ly amazing! Mandy Moore flashes her bra in Victorian-inspired lace at the Marchesa show during NYFW Model family! Cindy Crawford and Rande Gerber upstaged by kids Kaia and Presley at NYC Marc Jacobs event Center of attention What is her recipe? Domestic goddess Nigella Lawson, 57, looks remarkably wrinkle-free as she steps out in style for a night of revelry Legs for days! Cameron Diaz shows off pencil thin stems in skintight jeans while out in Beverly Hills Leggy lady Her biggest fans! Charlotte McKinney flashes some skin as she celebrates her Ocean Drive cover with her parents in Miami Bodacious in blue! Mariah Carey shows off curves in skintight mini dress as she arrives for first performance since NYE debacle From crop tops to cocktail frocks! Coco Rocha goes to two shows back-to-back and manages to make a full outfit change with minutes to spare  New 'do! Lea Michele shows off sleek shorter hair while out and about in LA after debuting it at Grammys Glee alum looked in good spirits  Top of the crops! Gorgeous Martha Hunt flashes cleavage and toned tummy at Michael Kors NYFW show The 27-year-old kept up with appearances  Back again! Ashley Graham shows off her incredible curves in tiny bikinis as she returns to the Sports Illustrated Swimsuit Issue In slinky swimwear  Jessica Biel stuns in classy black lace dress as she sits front row at the Ralph Lauren NYFW show Stole the show Brooke Shields, 51, shows off youthful glow and flawless complexion while taking in an off-Broadway show in NYC Can still rock a red carpet  Heavenly! Olivia Culpo stands out in frilly ruched frock as she sits front row at Marchesa's NYFW runway show She's a former beauty queen She's 58, with four children already - one of whom she's lost custody of - so why WAS Madonna allowed to adopt these twins? 'I've not seen my sister in EIGHT years': Mel B's estranged sibling Danielle Brown shoots down reports of a family reunion as long-running feud continues 'What is your intention with her?': Corrine's nanny grills Nick Viall in teaser for Bachelor hometown dates episode Katherine Heigl looks slim in white blouse and jeans two months after welcoming son Joshua Jr.  Introduced her newborn on the Late Late Show  Bandaged Chloe Khan exhibits results of 'corrective nose job'... after admitting she's spent £50K going under the knife Blue singer Lee Ryan set to 'ruffle feathers and break hearts' as he lands a role in EastEnders as Albert Square's 'colourful' new bad boy California here we come! Sam Faiers and her boyfriend Paul Knightley share hugs with their adorable son Paul Jr. as they excitedly jet off to LA Rolling in the dough! Adele earned more than £500k EACH NIGHT on her hugely successful Live tour last year  Unprecedented success  Katherine Heigl shows off newborn son Joshua Jr as she reveals John Mayer helped husband Josh Kelley get serious about their relationship 'It wasn't just the flu!' Ailing Vicky Pattison scolds fan after being accused of wasting a 'valuable hospital bed' for virus Defended herself  'She got very offended': Regis Philbin reveals Kelly Ripa took his departure personally and explains they do not 'really' stay in contact Lady Mary's Valentine kiss for tragic fiance: Michelle Dockery posts poignant selfie with caption 'kiss cancer goodbye' John Dineen died of brain cancer in 2015 'I'm even excited about being tired': Mahershala Ali scores THR cover and Oscar nominee discusses childhood 'melancholy' and pending fatherhood Susan Sarandon and Lindsay Lohan among celebs enjoying night at risque NY club The Box - but Trump adviser Elon Musk stays out of view as Pussy Riot yell 'f**k Trump, f**k Putin' Airing his dirty laundry! Lauren Goodger spends Valentine's Day in PRISON with jailbird Joey Morrison... and leaves with his washing  Chloe Goodman strips down to just a thong while undergoing non-surgical 'booty makeover'... after previously working as a bum double for Cheryl  Mario Falcone 'set to make explosive return to TOWIE two years after slimming pill suspension'... despite insisting he's 'too intelligent' for show  Bootylicious! Jennifer Lopez posts very cheeky Valentine's day snap in a sexy red clinging two-piece Gave followers a treat Charlotte Crosby shows off her endless legs beneath skin-tight mini for circus launch... after posing in just lingerie ahead of solo Valentine's day MIC's Tiffany Watson adds a little sex appeal to her date night outfit in a lace bralet and fishnet tights as she joins beau Sam Thompson for pre-LFW bash Clothing optional! Nicki Minaj poses topless on a bed as she jokes about her stripper past in latest naughty Instagram post Freezing for fashion? Jessica Gomes takes a solo stroll in FREEZING New York conditions wearing a stylish thin camisole and velvet blazer . Kendall Jenner didn't make Kanye's Yeezy 5 show because she was busy walking the runway for Anna Sui with pals Gigi and Bella Hadid 'How cute!' Kendall Jenner and Bella Hadid deliver McDonald's feast to sister Kim Kardashian after Kanye's Yeezy 5 show No point being coy now! Audacious Lisa Appleton bares breasts in sheer lace bodysuit for night out... before covering her face with a tiger mask TOWIE star Chloe Sims gets a little heavy-handed with the bronzer as she picks out mother-daughter fluffy coats for girls' night with Madison, 11 Justin Bieber 'named as suspect in assault investigation'... after video surfaced of him fighting man twice his size A memoir.... that Mick Jagger doesn't remember writing! Publisher claims he has manuscript of autobiography written during the 1980s  Kylie Jenner arrives LATE to join Kim Kardashian at Kanye's Yeezy 5 show... as Khloe, Kourtney, Kendall and even Kris Jenner are absent 'I'm open!' Susan Sarandon, 70, declares herself BISEXUAL as she reveals she would date a woman Promoting new movie  Bella Hadid dons lace bodysuit for Valentine's Day dinner with Kaia and Presley Gerber in New York The friends made quite the stylish group  'I owe him everything!': Blake Lively looks flirty in floral as she praises Michael Kors while cheering on his fashion show with Anna Wintour Kate Upton keeps her voluptuous figure under wraps with a heavy coat as she plugs her latest Sports Illustrated Swimsuit Issue Glammed-up Frankie Bridge leads The Saturdays' reunion with Vanessa White as they support bandmate Una Healy's first headline solo gig No jet lag! Alessandra Ambrosio looks bright as she bares her toned tummy in a crop top at Sao Paulo airport Looks good anywhere EXCLUSIVE: Never-before-seen pictures of secretly pregnant Marilyn Monroe, who confided that her Lco-star Yves Montand was the baby's father Look away Keith! Nicole Kidman wraps her arms around Moonlight star Mahershala Ali as she talks first kiss in W magazine 'I'm not a size two but I'm strong!': Serena Williams strips off her tennis skirt to look sensational in Sports Illustrated Swimsuit Issue Charli XCX flashes her cleavage and abs in sheer crop top emblazoned with the words 'Sex Symbol' as she makes head-turning arrival at NME Awards Pregnant Billie Faiers masks her bump while going edgy in embroidered denim as she brings daughter Nelly to star-studded kids' bash 'You need to eat a few wholesome meals hun': Abbey Clancy sparks concerns among fans as she shares super-slim selfie Concerned response 'I have the utmost respect for her': Carlos Santana APOLOGISES after claiming Adele won Grammys because Beyonce is 'beautiful but not a singer' Kendall Jenner flaunts her figure in quirky tasselled dress as she storms the runway with Bella Hadid and Ashley Graham at Michael Kors' NYFW show Kesha submits emails in court case against her 'abuser' Dr. Luke who criticised her for breaking juice cleanse and called her a 'fat f**king refrigerator' 'Curvy' model Hunter McGrady dedicates her nude Sports Illustrated's spread to 'every woman who has ever felt uncomfortable in her body' 'Lies! Lies!': Jessica Biel is shocked to hear about ancestors as she and Courteney Cox explore roots on Who Do You Think You Are? Karlie Kloss apologizes after backlash over 'culturally insensitive' Geisha-themed photo shoot in Vogue's issue meant to celebrate diversity Hollywood activist Shailene Woodley talks about 'inspiring' meeting with Malia Obama during a Dakota pipeline protest Wonderful in winter white! Hailey Baldwin shows off her toned legs as she heads to Kanye West's Yeezy 5 show Show of support Social butterfly! Paris Hilton spring-time ready in a garden print dress at the Vivienne Tam show during NYFW Blooming lovely MIC's Stephanie Pratt flashes her bra in a semi-sheer nude bodycon after wowing in a bridal inspired gown as she launches new fashion line Strip club being sued by Joanna Krupa for using her picture in ads without permission hits back claiming she's too 'pretty' to work there Gigi to the rescue! Hadid the model citizen lends a hand after woman is knocked over on New York sidewalk Helped disentangle a pavement pileup 'Yet another breathtaking view': Oprah Winfrey and Reese Witherspoon explore New Zealand in between filming scenes for new Disney movie Specs appeal! Nicole Kidman rocks eyeglasses as she bundles up in puffer jacket on NYC set of Untouchable with Bryan Cranston She's with Rio, she is a showgirl! Kate Wright flaunts her amazing figure in racy bikini flashback... as Ferdinand romance shocks TOWIE cast Naked ambition! Gigi Hadid's younger sister Bella strips off her clothes to flash her chest in V Magazine after taking NYFW by storm 'Never a rivalry like theirs': Susan Sarandon and Jessica Lange get their claws out as Bette Davis and Joan Crawford in new trailer for FX's Feud Matt Damon reveals it took 12 hours and 700 extensions to get his long man bun for The Great Wall role He found the process 'weird.' 'A little shot of fireball gets a girl going!': RHOBH star Erika Jayne, 45, shows off fit figure in blue lingerie for very racy XXPEN$IVE music video 'They are at it again!': Rob Kardashian and Blac Chyna have ANOTHER major fight as rumors of their split continue 'My greatest fear is that I won't wake up': Lisa Riley breaks down over major surgery fears... ahead of 'excess skin removal and having her lady garden tidied' 'She looks like a waxwork': Holly Hagan's fans are divided over star's transformation as they struggle to recognise her following very glam makeover Hugh Jackman evacuated from the set of The Greatest Showman after fire breaks out Shooting on Sunday when blaze began Nick Cannon was 'shaken to his core' over treatment by NBC after race gag lead to him quitting America's Got Talent Harrison Ford is spotted for the first time returning to the airport where he nearly flew INTO a Boeing 737 as FAA reveals investigation delay  Braless Jess Woodley poses in her underwear and a sexy matching camisole... as she hints at the real reason she quit Made In Chelsea Critics demand Khloe Kardashian's Protein World Tube advert is scrapped by London Underground for 'body shaming' young women  Sienna Miller flashes her bra in sheer jumper as she helps launch clothes designer sister Savannah's bridal collection Five years after dropping shared fashion range The tight stuff! Glam Frankie Essex shows off slimmed-down figure in leather trousers as she heads out for night on the town  That's no reason to feel blue! Louisa Johnson shows off her new electric hair colour as she's unveiled as the face of L'Oreal's Colorista That's one supportive wife! Kim Kardashian posts image where she's beaming at Kanye West hours before his Yeezy 5 show Cindy Crawford and husband Rande Gerber keep the romance alive with sweet Valentine's Day date after nearly 20 years of marriage Sofia Richie flashes her derriere in white thong bodysuit as she teases Kanye West's Yeezy 5 runway show Teased her Instagram followers  Love (Actually) is on the air! Director Richard Curtis reveals plans to unveil a TV sequel to his hit romantic comedy especially for Comic Relief Hilary Duff's ex-husband Mike Comrie pictured out in LA for the first time since former NHL star was accused of 'raping a woman at his home' Pregnant Natalie Portman shows off blossoming bump as she hikes with mother Shelley while counting down to baby No. 2 TOWIE newcomer Yazmin flashes her bra in plunging red blazer as she goes hand-in-hand with new love interest James Lock during filming Starting to show! Ryan Lochte's fiancée Kayla Rae Reid proudly displays growing baby bump in white crop top for mirror selfie Kanye West turns out a camouflage-packed runway for Yeezy Season 5 at his first New York Fashion Week show since his breakdown 'She looks like Jane Pountney!' Katie Price's neighbour is compared to cheating former friend after posing for Valentine's Day selfie with Kieran Hayler Celia Imrie reveals she was celebrating Bastille Day in Nice during last year's terrorist attack that left 84 dead, adding 'it was a miracle I survived'  Jemma Lucy flaunts her pert posterior in a thong in new sultry Insta... days after revealing desire for another boob job to boost her G Cup bust Made In Chelsea's Georgia Toffolo risks a wardrobe malfunction in perilously short mini as she joins leggy co-star Frankie Gaff at LFW bash Revlon ambassador Gwen Stefani talks about 'choosing love' with Blake Shelton but says she spent Valentine's Day alone Jennifer Lopez, Rachel McAdams, and David Beckham star in stunning pictures for photographer Marc Hom's portrait book EXCLUSIVE: SStar Trek's William Shatner goes boldly into court demanding that a $170 million lawsuit by a radio DJ claiming to be his son be thrown out Something to celebrate? Kimberley Walsh and Sarah Harding post gushing tributes to pregnant pal Cheryl... as she counts down to giving birth 'They walked in while I was pushing!': Jessa Duggar reveals her second home birth was so quick her mother and sister almost missed it 'We were actually homeless': Daniel MacPherson reveals struggles of US move alongside wife Zoe Ventoura   'I had $40 and an address!' Nina Agdal reveals she came to America with nothing but a modeling dream just six years ago Red hot Selena Gomez gives a peek at incredibly toned legs in sexy high-slit dress on Valentine's Day Showing a little leg in her chic dress 'She's grown so much!': Pregnant Cally Jane Beech shares throwback baby scan snap as she admits the experience has been emotional John McCain gets Punk'd! Ashton Kutcher blows the senator a kiss during Foreign Relations hearing as they give Obama and Biden a run for their money 'You have to f***ing watch it': Lena Dunham understands why Taylor Swift did not speak up during election Gave opinion in Rolling Stone chat Hilary Duff's ex-husband, former NHL star Mike Comrie is investigated by police for 'raping a woman at his Los Angeles home'  Tallia Storm borrows from the Seventies as she flaunts her taut abs in chic hippy coord while joining a bevy of stars at glitzy pre-LFW bash Quick change artist: Blake Lively switches up her style for second show during New York Fashion Week She went from flirty in floral Braless Emily Ratajkowski shows off her perky assets and enviable abs in racy crop top with sexy secretary style skirt at Michael Kors show   'Sassy!': Blac Chyna sizzles in sheer red dress which leaves little to the imagination in racy Instagram snap An eye-popping display  Not runway ready! Sara Sampaio is makeup-free and wearing odd blue coat as she heads to a show for New York Fashion Week . Sylvester Stallone's model daughter Sistine, 18, makes an elegant fashion fan in a little navy dress as she attends Michael Kors' runway show at NYFW She sure shakes it up! Bella Thorne is spotted grabbing a healthy lunch with a mystery man in LA after being linked to Sam Pepper One last workout! Kim Kardashian hits the gym ahead of husband Kanye West's comeback show at New York Fashion Week  Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
SiliconValley.com Twitter Facebook Google+ RSS   Social Web Mobile Cloud Gadgets Cleantech VC Data Games Policy Media   Google patents system to reduce injuries to pedestrians, cyclists when self-driving cars hit them By Ethan Baron / February 14, 2017 at 9:34 AM No matter how good self-driving cars become at avoiding roadway hazards, much will remain out of their control. Take Jimmy, for example. See Jimmy run. He’s chasing a ball, and he’s screened completely from view by a parked delivery truck until the moment his sneakers hit the street. See Jimmy fly — but not very far: He’s been hit by a Google self-driving car. In this manufactured scenario, the vehicle that strikes Jimmy is equipped with an impact-reduction system Google has invented. “The technology relates to reducing the likelihood of injuries or damage to objects such as pedestrians, bicyclists, animals, other vehicles, or simply inanimate objects caused by collisions with vehicles,” said an autonomous-vehicle patent granted Feb. 14 to Google. The company has spun off its robot-car program into its own company, Waymo, which now falls under Google parent firm Alphabet. The patent modifies the concept of the “crumple zone” built into many vehicles, where materials are intended to deform to absorb energy in a collision, reducing potential impact on occupants. Google tweaked this idea, adding computerization and sliding panels. “Computing devices within a vehicle may determine that an impact with an object cannot be avoided by way of braking, steering, and/or accelerating the vehicle,” the patent said. “When this is the case, the computing devices may work to adjust the amount of force necessary to break one or more shear pins which are holding a panel of the vehicle in place. “The force of impact on the object which the vehicle collides may be reduced, thereby limiting the severity of injuries and/or damage to the object.” The car’s panels would be mounted on sliders. When a collision is imminent, the tapered “shear pins” preventing the panels from moving backward would move into a position where they’re more easily broken, allowing the car’s panels to slide backward in a crash and absorb impact. The system could account to some degree for, say, the difference between Jimmy and his neighbor’s escaped llama or another car, as the pins would need to break under different amounts of force depending on the heft of what’s struck. “The characteristics of the object with which impact is imminent may be used to determine to adjust the amount of shear force necessary to break the one or more shear pins, in an effort to minimize the impact force felt by the object,” the patent said. “The size of an object may be used to estimate its mass. This in turn may be used to determine the appropriate amount of shear force for the shear pins.” Whether Waymo intends to use this system in its autonomous vehicles remains unclear: many technologies are patented but never see the light of day. That said, this robot-car technology seems more likely to appear on vehicles than another system Google has patented, in which the car’s hood is coated with glue, covered by a thin hard shell that would break upon impact with a pedestrian, so the hapless biped would stick to the hood rather than getting hurled into a harder object or the roadway.   Photo: A Google self-driving car travels eastbound on San Antonio Road in October 2015 in Mountain View. (Karl Mondon/Bay Area News Group) Share this: Email Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Reddit Google More Pinterest Tumblr   Tags: Alphabet, autonomous, collision, crash, Google, patent, robot cars, self-driving cars, vehicles, Waymo   More Posts in Big Tech Google self-driving car staff took ‘F-you’ money and ran: report February 13, 2017   Oracle appeals against Google in epic $9 billion Android legal fight February 10, 2017   Google software engineer creates Trump-tweet stock bot to help investors and raise money for Planned Parenthood, ACLU, environment February 10, 2017       Share this Post Tweet       Brenda Chan keep those self driving cars off our freeways!!!!!!! they should be banned from driving anywhere , they are death traps waiting to happen Mood_Indigo ^^ obligatory Luddite rant inserted above.. Phil Car travel is a physical process. The bigger the car, the more likely that it will run into other road users. Ergo, reduce the car’s footprint, and there’s more leeway for the car to figure out traffic. https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/afd63efed31a173c5a32e1245f436bc59dac0ef907be6d30459c6b4dc041a6a5.jpg Cheap & Nothing Wasted Nothing new here. There were numerous devices invented to keep streetcars from running over people over 100 years ago.     About SiliconBeat Sign up for the Good Morning Silicon Valley newsletter GMSV       Tweets from @siliconbeat/siliconbeat   Popular Posts Google self-driving car staff took ‘F-you’ money Google patents system to reduce injuries to pedestrians,… Twitter CEO Jack Dorsey buys $7 million in company stock Senators want answers after Yahoo cancels meeting about data Buffett shopping spree quadruples investor’s Apple stake     Archives Archives Select Month February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 March 2009 February 2009 January 2009 December 2008 November 2008 October 2008 September 2008 August 2008 July 2008 June 2008 May 2008 April 2008 March 2008 February 2008 January 2008 December 2007 November 2007 October 2007 September 2007 August 2007 July 2007 June 2007 May 2007 April 2007 March 2007 February 2007 January 2007 December 2006 November 2006 October 2006 September 2006 August 2006 July 2006 June 2006 May 2006 April 2006 March 2006 February 2006 January 2006 December 2005 November 2005 October 2005 September 2005 August 2005 July 2005 June 2005 May 2005 April 2005 March 2005 February 2005   Related Feeds 60-Second Business Break Green Energy News Opinion Personal Tech Venture Capital                       Education WordPress Theme by Copyright © 2017 Bay Area News Group. All Rights Reserved   Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
E-BUSINESS | TECHNOLOGY | CRM | LINUX | ECTNEWS.COM Welcome Guest | Sign In Personal Computers Computing Applications Data Management Hardware Chips Personal Computers Servers Operating Systems Internet Internet of Things Online Entertainment Search Tech Social Networking Web Apps IT Developers IT Leadership Network Management Mobile Tech Mobile Apps Smartphones Tablets Wearable Tech Wireless Networking Reviews Security Cybersecurity Hacking Malware Privacy Technology Audio/Video Emerging Tech Virtual Reality Gaming Home Tech How-To Photography Science Health Space Tech Buzz Tech Law Transportation Tech Blog  Reader Services  Account Management Discussion News Alerts Newsletters Reader Surveys RSS / Headline Feeds Search ECT News Network ECT News Network Map CRM Buyer Site Map E-Commerce Times Site Map LinuxInsider Site Map TechNewsWorld Site Map February 16, 2017 01:48:34 AM PST TechNewsWorld > Computing > Hardware > Personal Computers | Next Article in Personal Computers Samsung's Chromebook Pro Earns Respect Print Email By Richard Adhikari Feb 14, 2017 10:02 AM PT You worked hard to earn your customers. Now dont let a "one size fits all" marketing approach prevent you from meaningfully connecting with them. Klaviyo's email personalization & automation platform puts your data to work for more money. Sign up Now. Some early reviewers of the Samsung Chromebook Pro characterized it as a "MacBook killer," but others were more restrained in their enthusiasm. Jointly developed with Google and first demoed at CES 2017, the Chromebook Pro is slated for release next month. Samsung's Chromebooks basically are lightweight productivity tools that rely heavily on access to cloud-based resources. They have gained popularity in the enterprise for use with remote workers and in educational settings as entry-level computing tools. However, they "are no Mac killers," said Werner Goertz, a research director at Gartner. Price Point The Chromebook Pro will sell for US$550. Some reviewers, including PC Magazine's Victoria Song and Ars Technica's Valentina Palladino, considered it pricey. However, that pricing fits into the normal laptop budget, noted Wired reviewer David Pierce . "I don't want to spend $1,000-plus on a PC or Mac when I could get something like the Samsung Chromebook Pro for $549," Forbes' Shelby Carpenter remarked. "Access to the Google Play store and the Android apps ecosystem, combined with the freemium productivity suites such as Slack, make [Chromebooks] a viable option for remote workers," Gartner's Goertz told TechNewsWorld, "and Samsung's carefully selected price points are justified vis-a-vis the slightly less expensive competition." Design and Battery Life The rounded edges and exposed hinge give the Chromebook Pro "a decidedly utilitarian look," Wired's Pierce noted, which is "just fine." Though the Pro is light and small, its squarish shape is "a little awkward when typing," according to PC Magazine's Song. Its design struck Ars Technica's Palladino as "solid." "I got my hands on the device at CES, and i was impressed with how thin and light it was while not feeling like a typical flimsy plastic Chromebook," noted Eric Smith, a senior analyst at Strategy Analytics. The Chromebook Pro's battery life is "only beat by the much more expensive Chromebook Pixel 2 and the Dell Chromebook 13," said Ars reviewer Palladino. However, it "pales in comparison to what we saw" from various Asus Chromebook models, said PC Magazine's Song, who noted that results of two tests varied substantially. The Quad HD Screen The Chromebook Pro's 2400 x 1600 Quad HD LED display "is virtually indistinguishable from my Mac screen," Forbes' Carpenter said. The display "makes the entire device taller than most 16:9 laptops and two-in-ones," observed Palladino. That allows a larger palm rest and more space for the user's hands, but a huge bottom bezel and a hardware strip for the hinges to attach to the lid leave "a bunch of empty space," he pointed out. The display offers a much higher resolution than typically found in 11- or 13-inch Chromebooks, Song said, but the 3:2 aspect ratio means it's more square-shaped. That leaves little room on either side of the keyboard, making the typing experience somewhat awkward. The Stylus and Android Apps Although the included stylus drew generally favorable remarks, "the quality of the inking wasn't as impressive as Windows or iOS devices at similar price points," Strategy Analytics' Smith told TechNewsWorld. Reviewers liked the Chromebook Pro's access to the huge number of Android apps in the Google Play store. However, some Android apps don't play well with Chrome, they noted. "Some apps don't recognize the keyboard and trackpad; others seem unable to handle a touchscreen," Wired's Pierce pointed out. "Most crash constantly," and switching between apps can be clumsy, said Song. Still, "I was able to do most of my daily work on the Chromebook Pro without major problems," Palladino remarked, adding that it "performed faster than my MacBook Air." Right Direction The convertible Chromebook segment is expanding rapidly, according to Linn Huang, a research director at IDC. "Most have been underpowered, small-screen, low-cost offerings, [and] Samsung's Chromebook Pro marks an evolution towards the premium end," he told TechNewsWorld. In general, Chromebooks "have largely been a K-12 phenomenon," suggested Huang, and they need more work to succeed in the larger consumer market as a category. Richard Adhikari has written about high-tech for leading industry publications since the 1990s and wonders where it's all leading to. Will implanted RFID chips in humans be the Mark of the Beast? Will nanotech solve our coming food crisis? Does Sturgeon's Law still hold true? You can connect with Richard on Google+. Get Permission to License or Reproduce this Article Print Email Reprints More by Richard Adhikari Reader Comments Join the discussion! Re: Samsung's Chromebook Pro Earns Respect gamul1Posted 2017-02-15 I agree that in most respects this Chromebook looks to be excellent. The review touches on a lot of what is good and I agree with it. I will focus on the one flaw this device has that ultimately will spell its doom as a valid product in this market space. Bottom line: 32GB of storage is simply not enough for a device that can install thousands of Play Store apps. This isn't simply a Chromebook any more. Gone are the days when all it really needs is to browse the web and have enough space to store the basics. This has now crossed into the world of table as well and both Google and Samsung were short sighted to limit this device to 32GB. Yes, it has a micro SD card for expandable storage, but both these companies should know that large numbers of android apps dont run properly, if ... Read More Reply Related Stories Android Marshmallow on PC Falls Flat Dec 7, 2016 All Systems Go for Andromeda Oct 11, 2016 Cub Linux Is a Worthy Chromixium Offspring Sep 9, 2016 News Alerts Samsung Activate Alert | Search Archives Google Activate Alert | Search Archives Gartner Activate Alert | Search Archives Android Activate Alert | Search Archives Dell Activate Alert | Search Archives Create Your Own News Alerts More in Personal Computers Was Apple's Outstanding Q1 a Fluke? Customizing a Computer? Here's What You Need Asus Tinker Board Joins Raspberry Pi on the Bargain Table Gadget Ogling: The CES Spectacular Edition CES 2017's Magic Lenovo Surprises With Home Tech Play Free Newsletters from ECT News Network Don't Miss a Story. Get the Latest Headlines Delivered to Your Inbox. Tech News Flash Daily - View Sample E-Commerce Minute Daily - View Sample ECT News Network Weekly Newsletter - View Sample Editor's Pick - View Sample View All More by Richard Adhikari Twitter Investors Bail Following Bleak Q4 Quip Adds Serious Muscle Twitter Steps Up Efforts to Silence Trolls Does Avaya Have a Post-Chapter 11 Prayer? Snap Seizes the Moment Calling Facebook Customer Service? Beware of Fraudsters Most Popular Newsletters News Alerts Elon Musk has suggested humans must merge with AI to survive. Yes -- some type of communication interface will be essential. No -- humans will never accept such an idea. Yes -- but it will seem like a natural evolution when it happens. No -- AI is too problematic and will be strictly regulated. Yes -- Musk is a visionary, and I believe him. No -- Musk throws out wild ideas just to get a reaction. Vote to See Results E-Commerce Times Toshiba Plunges on Massive Nuclear Writedown, Earnings Delay FTC's Lawsuit Should Make You Feel Very Insecure About the IoT Verizon Caves, Launches New Unlimited Data Plan Twitter Investors Bail Following Bleak Q4 Can Former Amazon Fire TV Exec Save Apple TV From Itself? Is Salesforce Getting Serious About the Back Office? Silicon Valley Firms Lock Arms Against Trump Immigration Order Snap Seizes the Moment CRM Buyer Output vs. Outcomes AI Deconstructs Phone Sales Pitches Quip Adds Serious Muscle Winning the Sales Talent War in the Big Data Era Ode to Sprint: Somebody Calls You, You Answer Quite Slowly Does Avaya Have a Post-Chapter 11 Prayer? Calling Facebook Customer Service? Beware of Fraudsters Tech Industry Gets Political ECT News Network on Twitter Tweets about "TechNewsWorld" LinuxInsider Munich City Government to Dump Linux Desktop Lumina Adds Luster to Linux Desktop Capsule8 Launches Linux-Based Container Security Platform SnapRoute Snags $25M With AT&T, Microsoft Backing How Linux Helped Me Become an Empowered Computer User SalentOS Switchers Will Have No Regrets LibreOffice Update Offers Fresh Experience Wine 2.0's New Delights Uncorked SPONSOR SHOWCASE Marketers - Fill Your Sales Funnel Instantly Access millions of IT and business decision makers. Our full-service global marketing program delivers sales-ready leads. Learn more. TechNewsWorld Headlines TechNewsWorld Apple's Cook Blasts 'Mind Killing' Fake News Tesla Goes Underground and Uber Takes to the Skies: The Birth of Magic Gadget Ogling: Gaming's New Virtual Reality Frontier and Personal Cargo Robots Dozens of iOS Apps Vulnerable to WiFi Snooping Twitter Steps Up Efforts to Silence Trolls Anonymous Hacker Pulls Plug on Thousands of Dark Net Sites Was Apple's Outstanding Q1 a Fluke? Tech Industry Reacts to Trump's Immigration Order Inside TechNewsWorld Applications Red Hat's OpenShift Container Platform Expands Cloud Options Atlassian Scoops Up Trello for $425 Million Evernote Toes the Privacy Line Computing Barra Leaves Post as Xiaomi's International Point Man The Old Man and the Tsunami: A Security Story FastComputer: Fussy but Fixable Data Management CrateDB Launches Machine Data Innovations Commerce Dept Signs Up Private Sector IT Partners AvePoint CEO TJ Jiang: Innovation Through Collaboration Emerging Tech Facebook Taps Barra to Push VR to the Next Level Luckey Dons Virtual Flak Jacket for Zenimax Testimony Pentagon Battle-Tests Micro Drone Swarm Exclusives Eagle Creek CRM Director Sandeep Kadam: What Today's Customers Want Engagio CEO Jon Miller: How to Land a Whale Radius CEO Darian Shirazi: Solve for Data Decay Hardware Customizing a Computer? Here's What You Need Asus Tinker Board Joins Raspberry Pi on the Bargain Table New Raspberry Pi Release Targets Industry, IoT Internet of Things Hackers Targeted DC Police Cams Days Before Inauguration The Crystallization of Salesforce's IoT Strategy CES 2017's Magic IT Leadership Clinton Issues Clarion Call to Boost Tech in the US Google's 'Area 120' Incubator Aims to Keep Innovation In-House A Dramatic 16 Years for 4 Tech Titans Mobile Tech Apple Goes on Record-Breaking Spree Trump Clings to Personal Phone Despite Security Risks Personalization, Simplicity Key to Smart Home Device Adoption Science 3 Teams Qualify for Tube Test in Hyperloop Pod Competition Apple Formally Joins High-Powered AI Partnership St. Jude Medical Patches Cardiac Machine's Cybersecurity Flaw Spotlight Features Traversing the Social Media Minefield China's Business-Unfriendly Cybersecurity Stance Conspiracy Theories in the Information Age, Part 2 Tech Buzz Silicon Valley Up in Arms Over Proposed H-1B Overhaul BlackBerry, Microsoft and the Ever-Smarter Connected Car The US Press Corps vs. Trump: A Teachable Moment Publications E-Commerce Times TechNewsWorld LinuxInsider CRM Buyer Newsletters E-Commerce Minute Tech News Flash ECT News Network Weekly Editor's Pick Subscribe Reader Services Account Management Discussion Linking Policy Network Map News Alerts RSS / XML Feeds Search ECT News Network Company Info About Advertising Business Development Careers Contact Permissions Reprint Information Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | How To Advertise Copyright 1998-2017 ECT News Network, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
MSPU Windows Phone Windows 10 Surface Xbox Enterprise Tip us Settings Text Input: Windows 10 Windows Phone Surface Xbox Enterprise Settings Tip us Forum Text Input: Google releases Chrome 53 for Windows bringing Material design 3 by Pradeep  @pradeepviswav Sep 2, 2016 at 17:48 GMT6 months ago Google Chrome team has released Chrome 53 to the stable channel for Windows. Chrome 53.0.2785.89 contains a number of fixes and improvements. This update also brings Google’s Material design to Windows for the first time. You can now find flatter design and new iconography. Chrome is now rendered fully programmatically including iconography, effectively removing the ~1200 png assets they were maintaining before. It also allows them to deliver a better rendering for a wide range of PPI configuration. If you are not a fan of Material Design, you can from disable it under chrome://flags/. There is also a new dark theme for Incognito mode. They have added support for color emoji on Windows 10. Finally, they have also made significant improvements to performance and battery life. Google Cast is now built into Chrome. You can also view websites that are not integrated with Cast on your TV by selecting the “Cast…” menu item from the Chrome menu. It’s good to see Google finally taking real efforts in improving Chrome on Windows as it is now the most used web browser on Windows. Some links in the article may not be viewable as you are using an AdBlocker. Please add us to your whitelist to enable the website to function properly. Related download google Google Cast Google Chrome 53 Material Design windows Tweet Share 0 Read these next Trending WhatsApp Web and WhatsApp for WP updated (changelog) by Surur 0 Trending GPD’s real Windows 10 Pocket PC reach funding goal near instantly by Surur 0 Comments Advertisement MSPoweruser Podcast MSPoweruser Podcast 34: The final Creators Update features trickle in by Andrew Bennett on February 11, 2017 The Windows 10 Creators Update is feature complete, and the final tweaks and features are arriving. The Windows Developer Day event shed some light on some of these, and also gave another gl... Subscribe Now Windows 10 WhatsApp Web and WhatsApp for WP updated (changelog) by Surur on February 16, 2017 WhatsApp has updated their apps for Windows and Windows Phone. The Windows Phone app has been updated to version 2.17.70.0 with the usual bug fixes and various improvements. WhatsApp Web, wh... Microsoft push back End of Life of original Windows 10 by Surur If you have steadfastly refused to update your Windows 10 PC to a new build since launch, Microsoft has given you another 2 months reprieve to still get patches and bug fixes. Build 1507 of ... Garmin Connect Mobile app for Windows 10 updated with great new features by Surur Garmin Connect Mobile app has seen a major update to version v3.15 with many improvements which make the app a worthy competitor for the Fitbit app. The update brings support for music cont... Windows 10’s Sticky Notes app now lets you create a new note from the task... by Mehedi Hassan Windows 10’s Sticky Notes app picked up a pretty sweet update on the Windows Store recently. The app now integrates right into the jump list in Windows 10, which means you can now crea... Microsoft brings its Windows Insider program to the enterprise with WIP4Biz by Mehedi Hassan Microsoft’s Windows Insider Program has been immensely successful for the software giant, helping it to improve Windows 10 over the past couple of years. Today at Microsoft Ignite Aus... Deals Deals Deal Alert: Get the Xbox One S 1TB, Halo 5, Dead Rising 3 and Extra Wireless Controller for only $289.99 There is currently a massive deal available on the Xbox One S console on eBay. The console is currently being sold there with an extra wireless controller, Dead Rising 3 and Halo 5 for only... Deal Alert: HP ENVY x360 15t only $799 with $130 instant rebate HP is running a promotion on the ENVY Hybrid, offering $130 off on the convertible touchscreen laptop until the 15th February. The HP Envy x360 offers the latest 7th Generation Intel Core i7... Deal Alert: Fitbit’s full range of fitness trackers now on sale, save up t... Fitbit is having a sale on their fitness trackers, offering discounts as deep as $50 on their most expensive models. The timing is of course opportune, partially due to the post-holiday hea... Alcatel’s Idol 4S drops to $288 on T-Mobile USA Alcatel’s Idol 4S for Windows has just received a price cut on T-Mobile. The device, ordinarily costing over $400 dollars, has now been reduced to $288 on T-Mobile’s online store... Deal Alert: 1 TB Xbox One S with free controller and Halo Wars 2 only £259 The Microsoft Store is offering a range of deals on the Xbox One S, offering as much as £40 off plus a free controller which usually costs £50. The the best deal is for the 1TB Halo Wars 2... Deal: Get ‘Rainbow Six Siege Year 2 Gold Edition’ for $29.99 Right now the Microsoft Store is offering the ‘Tom Clancy’s: Rainbow Six Siege Year 2 Gold Edition’ version of the game for only $29.99. However this is not the physical co... Deal: Get ‘LEGO MARVEL’s Avengers’ for half off at Amazon You can now grab ‘LEGO MARVEL’s Avengers’ for half off at online retailer Amazon. The title, which normally goes for $39.99, is now on sale for only $19.99.  The deluxe versio... Deal: Save up to $250 on select Surface Book models from Microsoft Store Microsoft Store is now offering up to $250 discount on select Surface Book devices. Surface Book Intel Core i5/8GB RAM/128GB device (non-gpu) model is now available for $1299. Also, Surface ... Deal: Save $524 on the original Surface Book with Core i7 and 512GB SSD Amazon US is now offering a huge discount on the original Surface Book device. You can now get a discount of $524 on the Surface Book with Intel Core i7/16GB RAM/512GB/NVIDIA graphics. Find ... Deal: Save up to $200 on select Surface Pro 4, plus get an NFL Type Cover worth ... Microsoft Store US is now offering a discount of $200 on select Surface Pro 4 devices in the US. You can also get an NFL Type cover worth $159 for free along with the purchase. For example, ... Forums About Us Contact Us Tip Us Submit Articles Community Guidelines Privacy Policy © 2017 MSPoweruser - All rights reservedNot associated with Microsoft   Top
Close Biz & IT Tech Science Policy Cars Gaming & Culture Forums Navigate Videos Features Reviews Ars Approved RSS Feeds Mobile Site About Ars Staff Directory Contact Us Advertise with Ars Reprints Filter by topic Biz & IT Tech Science Policy Cars Gaming & Culture Forums Settings Front page layout Grid List Unified Wide Site theme Black on white White on black Sign in Comment activity Sign up or login to join the discussions! Stay logged in | Having trouble? Sign up to comment and more Sign up Ars Technica UK Risk Assessment — Amnesty International uncovers phishing campaign against human rights activists Attacker targeted groups in Qatar, Nepal using extensive fake social media profile. Sean Gallagher - Feb 14, 2017 6:05 pm UTC Enlarge / A phishing e-mail aimed at worker rights activists in Qatar and Nepal crafted to fool targets into giving up their credentials. Amnesty International reader comments 19 Share this story Over the course of the last year, a number of human rights organizations, labor unions, and journalists were targeted in a "phishing" campaign that attempted to steal the Google credentials of targets by luring them into viewing documents online. The campaign, uncovered by Amnesty International, is interesting largely because of the extent to which whoever was behind the attack used social media to create a complete persona behind the messages—a fictional rights activist named Safeena Malik. Malik translates from Arabic as "King," so Amnesty International refers to the spear-phishing campaign in a report posted to Medium today as "Operation Kingphish." The party or parties behind the operation created Facebook, Google, LinkedIn, and Twitter profiles for "Safeena Malik" using a young woman's photos, which were apparently harvested from another social media account. "It appears that the attackers may have impersonated the identity of a real young woman and stole her pictures to construct the fake profile," wrote Nex, a security researcher working with Amnesty International, "along with a professional biography also stolen from yet another person." While there was only one post on the Twitter account associated with the constructed identity—a one-word "hi" post when the account was created in December 2014—"she" was much more active on Facebook and LinkedIn (where the identity had accumulated more than 500 connections). The operators behind the "Safeena Malik" identity used their amassed contacts to specifically target people associated with the rights of migrant workers in Qatar—journalists, activists, and labor union officials. Amnesty International was not directly targeted in the campaign. Large numbers of workers from Nepal and other countries have been brought to Qatar, particularly to perform construction work on stadiums and facilities for the 2022 World Cup—and there have been concerns raised over the treatment of those workers. So far, more than 1,200 migrant workers from Nepal and India have died working on the World Cup projects. Targets would receive e-mails and social media messages from "Safeena Malik" in bursts, asking them to look at documents or presentations on Qatari human rights issues or offering forged requests to link up via Google's Hangouts chat service. The phishing e-mails would lead to a phishing site crafted specifically for the targets, presenting their (harvested) Google account avatar as part of a page mimicking a Google account login. After capturing their credentials (in the cases where the links purported to be for documents), the page would forward them to an actual Google Docs document pilfered from another source to reduce suspicions about what had happened. The campaign bears all the hallmarks of the textbook social media/social engineering campaign "Robin Sage," an experiment by security researcher Thomas Ryan. Ryan created a fake profile on Facebook for Robin Sage—a young, attractive “Cyber Threat Analyst” at Naval Network Warfare Command. ("Robin Sage" is also the name of the two-week final exercise that Army Special Forces candidates are put through eight times a year at Fort Bragg, North Carolina—which one might have thought would have tipped off someone.) In his research, presented at the Black Hat conference in 2010, Ryan reported: By the end of this experiment, Robin finished the month having accumulated hundreds of connections through various social networking sites. Contacts included executives at government entities such as the NSA, DOD and Military Intelligence groups. Other friends came from Global 500 corporations. Throughout the experiment Robin was offered gifts, government and corporate jobs, and options to speak at a variety of security conferences…Through this 28‐day experiment, it became evident that the propagation of a false identity via social networking websites can be rampant and viral. Much of the information revealed to Robin Sage violated OPSEC and PERSEC procedures. It is not known who is behind the phishing campaigns. But some of the accounts that were compromised were logged into from an IP address connected to an Internet provider in Doha, Qatar. The Qatari government has denied involvement. Sean Gallagher Sean is Ars Technica's IT Editor. A former Navy officer, systems administrator, and network systems integrator with 20 years of IT journalism experience, he lives and works in Baltimore, Maryland. Email sean.gallagher@arstechnica.com // Twitter @thepacketrat reader comments 19 Share this story You must login or create an account to comment. ← Previous story Next story → Related Stories Sponsored Stories Powered by Today on Ars RSS Feeds View Mobile Site Visit Ars Technica UK About Us Contact Us Staff Advertise with us Reprints WIRED Media Group Use of this Site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement (effective 1/2/14) and Privacy Policy (effective 1/2/14), and Ars Technica Addendum (effective 5/17/2012). Your California Privacy Rights. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast.
LOG IN | JOIN Search form Search REVIEWS Displays All Flat Panels 3DTV LED TV LCD TV Plasma TV 4K ULTRA HD TV OLED TV All Projectors 3D Projectors Screens Electronics AV Receivers Surround Processors Power Amps Integrated Amps Speakers Tower Bookshelf Subwoofers In-Wall On-Wall Soundbars Desktop Wireless Sources Blu-ray Players 3D Blu-ray Players Media Servers Portables Streaming Players Turntables Other Sources HT Systems Soundbars HT Box Systems Other Gear Custom Install Computer/DACs Headphones Remotes Video Processors Accessories Test Tools Software Blu-ray Movies 3D Blu-ray Movies Discs & Downloads TOP PICKS Top Picks Flat Panels Projectors Proj Screens AV Receivers Floor Speakers Compact Speakers Subwoofers Soundbars & HTIB Processors & Amps Blu-ray Players Headphones Furniture & Mounts Miscellaneous HOW TO How To Buy HDTV Projectors Blu-ray Players AV Receivers Audio Separates Speakers How To Use Ask S&V HDTV Setup Projector Setup AV Receiver Setup Blu-ray Setup Speaker Setup Custom Install How To Tech 101 Test Bench Results How We Test AV Glossary HDTV Tech Projector Tech 3DTV Tech AV Receiver Tech Speaker Tech Other Tech BLOGS Blogs Ask S&V Editor's Eye A/V Veteran SmartStream Remotely Possible Ears On Apptitude Tech^2 Throwback Thursday Signals Grace Notes The Kumin Factor Road Gear The S&V Interview Connected Life Reference Tracks NEWS Latest News Audio/Video News New Products Premiere Design INSTALLS Custom Installation Home Movie Theaters Equipment Reviews Custom Install How To SUBSCRIBE Print Magazine Digital Magazine Renew Subscriber Services Back Issues Give A Gift AUDIO VIDEO NEWS Okay Google, I Want to Watch CNN Now By SV Staff  Posted: Feb 14, 2017 Amid the usual flurry of TV-related news at last month's CES—including word that Sony is getting back into the OLED game—almost everyone missed a potentially big part of Sony’s TV announcement: That its 2017 Android-powered 4K TVs will be the first televisions to support Google Assistant, Google’s answer to Amazon’s Alexa. But the Google capability won’t be immediately accessible when the TVs hit stores next month. Owners will have to wait for a firmware upgrade that Sony plans to deliver by the “end of the year.” With Google Assistant, users will be able to tap a button on a microphone-equipped remote to control the TV and other devices using voice commands—or communicate with the TV via a Google Home speaker without pushing any buttons. Wired explained how Google Assistant will work on Sony TV’s: “If you’re familiar with the way Assistant looks and sounds on a phone, a demo looked similar on Sony’s big screens. You hit a button on the remote, ask it things, and Assistant’s bubbly little bar appears on the bottom of the display. You’ll be able to ask it general queries and control other devices in the Google Home universe, but the built-in Assistant will have a few TV-specific features. For example, you can change source inputs just by asking, launch apps on the TV, start playing a show just by asking for it, and adjust the volume and channel.” Log in or register to post comments COMMENTS Not New Submitted by brenro on February 14, 2017 - 10:03am Alexa can already do this through Logitech Harmony remotes. Log in or register to post comments not the first TV? Submitted by puddy77 on February 14, 2017 - 11:18am Don't Vizios already do this? Or is this different? http://www.soundandvision.com/content/vizio-smartcast-devices-now-talk-g... Log in or register to post comments Until salomon schuhe you Submitted by wq123 on February 15, 2017 - 10:18pm Until salomon schuhe you converse chucks brought replica watches it toms shoes outlet up I tracksuits store wasn't aware that this hilfiger online shop preosn was toms shoes a young black' coach factory outlet man. converse sneakers Mio certainly didn't abercrombie fitch mention it michael kors outlet online sale in iphone 5s cases his longchamp post, coach outlet canada I don't think. seahawks jerseys Therefore burberry outlet I kate spade outlet online consider skin ralph lauren outlet color cowboys jerseys in this air jordan case an irrelevant point. ray bans Though a little lacoste shoes direct nike roshe and to the new balance outlet point, milwaukee bucks jersey lets adidas superstar not miss the message Mio is prada sunglasses making moncler mens jackets which timberland femme is ugg that soccer shoes this man's dre beats behaviour which nike free 5.0 has broken ray ban sunglasses outlet several uggs on sale laws may swarovski be michael kors v?skor an adidas superstar indication huarache of golden state warriors jersey what pandora canada he katespade can nike air max do next. If you're such a considerate, caring ray ban wayfarer preosn glasses frames then givenchy outlet why aren't you michael jordan caring for michael kors purses the hollister online children toms shoes and pedestrians reloj who can asics fall insanity workout calendar victim michael kors canada to being browns jerseys run over by a mentally nike air max ill driver, nike schoenen without north face outlet a knockoff handbags license nike.se or nike schuhe insurance ferragamo and ralph lauren who perhaps may have atlanta hawks jerseys been coach outlet online smoking marijuana air jordan retro since it converse outlet was in tommy hilfiger online his car. It hermes bags sounds to coach outlet me salvatore ferragamo that nike free run you're making calvin klein underwear the moncler outlet online criminal the nfl jerseys victim. canada gooses However, I toms shoes do cheap oakley understand your rayban point about straightener taking ravens jerseys care of softball bats the sick, which is why we should chicago bulls jersey stick them in an tory burch outlet institution nike store where zapatillas nike they can't boots on sale hurt ralph lauren outlet themselves or hermes belt others. uggs If polo ralph lauren he can't abercrombie respect the rules and others and has so roshe run much fear michael kors outlet online sale of michaelkors.com things polo ralph that its causing the north face outlet him ugg australia to act michael kors outlet online in this prada outlet way he uggs should ray bans not louboutin be titans jerseys part of the community.I houston rockets jerseys too fear he may toronto raptors jersey end prada outlet up killing nike air max thea someone either michael kors outlet intentionally lions jerseys or unintentionally.Until coach factory you celine outlet brought longchamp outlet it up I ralph lauren polo wasn't aware that tory burch this burberry outlet store preosn was tommy hilfiger outlet stores a pandora charms young ralph lauren outlet black' man. ugg boots Mio certainly bottega veneta didn't mention jordans it in burberry outlet online his jordan retro post, I portland trail blazers jersey don't coach outlet online think. Therefore I consider polo outlet store skin color beats by dr dre in boston celtics jersey this case chrome hearts an irrelevant point. Though vans shoes a beats by dre little hollister kids direct mont blanc and nike roshe to montre homme the giuseppe zanotti sneakers point, lets new balance not mizuno wave miss oakley outlet the adidas message Mio is making coach black friday which hugo boss shop is new york knicks that this michael kors outlet man's behaviour which oakley has broken wholesale clothing several laws ugg boots clearance may fendi handbags be michael kors an toms outlet online indication of texans jerseys what he burberry sale can burberry outlet do next. michael kors black friday If burberry outlet online you're chi flat iron such a nike outlet considerate, caring michael kors outlet preosn then ralph lauren why memphis grizzlies jersey aren't lunette ray ban you mcm backpack caring for the ray ban zonnebril children canada gooses outlet and air max pedestrians who can fall swarovski jewelry victim to cheap ray ban being run michael kors outlet over by christian louboutin a michael kors mentally 49ers jerseys ill driver, oakley vault without air max a license or new balance insurance ray ban occhiali and who san antonio spurs jerseys perhaps detroit pistons may have converse shoes been instyler ionic styler smoking replica watches marijuana since it rolex was ray-ban sunglasses in his car. true religion jeans outlet It sounds to me that heat jerseys you're making the criminal mcm backpack the barbour factory victim. However, northface I do understand roshe run your ray ban outlet point nike shoes about oakley sunglasses outlet taking care of the sick, p90x which coach outlet online is utah jazz jersey why we valentino outlet should stick oakley sunglasses them ugg boots in an institution where they cheap nfl jerseys can't true religion hurt themselves or others. ugg boots If veneta he can't coach purses outlet online respect oakley the ralph lauren polos rules and jets jerseys others puma online and has michael kors so air max 2015 much fear of things that its causing him to act nike mercurial vapor in los angeles clippers jersey this air jordan shoes way buccaneers jerseys he should not michael kors be patriots jerseys part redskins jerseys of the community.I too fear he glasses online may end up hollister clothing killing the north face someone rams jerseys either north face intentionally or omega watches unintentionally.Until nike air max you armani outlet brought burberry outlet it up ralph lauren outlet I wasn't longchamp outlet aware that this adidas.se preosn ralph lauren factory store was oakley frogskins a cheap true religion young ray ban wayfarer black' katespade man. roshe run Mio michael kors outlet online sale certainly tory burch shoes didn't ralph lauren mention asics gel it in his nike free 5.0 post, I oakley canada don't think. Therefore I hollister clothing store consider mbt shoes outlet skin color uggs black friday in cheap oakley sunglasses this case uggs outlet an timberland shoes irrelevant point. Though a little direct purses and handbags and to the north face the michael kors uk point, lets not eagles jerseys miss abercrombie kids the baseball jerseys message oakley sunglasses outlet Mio is making timberland boots which under armour shoes is that this tommy hilfiger outlet man's reebok behaviour bcbg max azria which has mcm handbags broken nike shoes several adidas online laws may be thomas sabo an hollisterco indication lunette ray ban of coach outlet online what he can oakley do jaguars jerseys next. If jerseys from china you're such pandora schmuck a red bottom shoes considerate, lakers jerseys caring preosn then why louboutin shoes aren't adidas online you caring for packers jerseys the colts jerseys children cheap basketball shoes and bears jerseys pedestrians ralph lauren outlet who can fall victim marc by marc jacobs to nike tn being run nike free 5.0 over by philadelphia 76ers jerseys a nike shoes outlet mentally ill driver, washington wizards jersey without adidas superstar a license or puma outlet insurance and who oakley sunglasses cheap perhaps ralph lauren outlet online may polo ralph have rolex watch been ferragamo shoes smoking marijuana since it burberry outlet was baseball jerseys in ray bans outlet his michael kors canada car. It jerseys from china sounds to fossil uhren me that you're tory burch making ugg the criminal tommy hilfiger the louboutin shoes victim. However, I true religion jeans women do understand barbour outlet your rolex watches point about nike shoes taking care of nike shop the sick, which true religion jeans is www.tommyhilfiger.nl why we handbags outlet should stick polo ralph lauren outlet online them pandora bracelet in an nike air force institution indiana pacers jersey where nike air max 90 they can't hurt jimmy choo outlet themselves michael kors taschen or others. oakley sunglasses If gafas oakley he air huarache can't respect the orlando magic jersey rules purses and handbags and others air max schoenen and has nfl jerseys so long champ much coach black friday fear coach outlet of things that its causing nike shoes him burberry handbags to ugg boots act in this iphone case way rolex watches for sale he ray ban sunglasses should burberry not oakley vault be part north face jackets of nike roshe the nike air max community.I the north face too ray ban outlet fear air max he prada may end michael kors handbags up killing someone longchamp taschen either steelers jerseys intentionally or burberry sale unintentionally.Until michael kors outlet online you brought it stephen curry shoes up kate spade handbags I air max wasn't toms shoes outlet aware panthers jerseys that levis jeans this ray ban outlet preosn was oakley outlet a burberry sale young ralph lauren outlet online black' tommy hilfiger man. Mio certainly air yeezy shoes didn't oakley sunglasses mention barbour jackets it toms outlet in abercrombie his swarovski australia post, north face backpacks I uggs outlet don't new orleans pelicans jersey think. cheap oakley Therefore I consider skin color in this hogan outlet case juicy couture handbags an marc by marc jacobs irrelevant michael kors bags point. uggs Though phoenix suns jersey a little direct and broncos jerseys to bcbg max the point, oakley sungalsses outlet lets jerseys from china not miss the longchamp outlet message swarovski jewelry Mio ugg is bengals jerseys making hermes which hollister clothing store is minnesota timberwolves jersey that burberry online shop this man's behaviour pandora which has barbour jackets outlet broken timberland outlet several barbour outlet laws nike.dk may philipp plein outlet be long champ an indication christian louboutin shoes of what he nba jerseys can chiefs jerseys do cleveland cavaliers next. mcm bags If nike huarache you're such juicy couture outlet a considerate, caring preosn fivefingers then why saints jerseys aren't guess factory outlet you indoor soccer shoes caring for the children ed hardy clothing and michael kors handbags pedestrians jordan release dates 2015 who true religion outlet can woolrich outlet fall victim to beats headphones being swarovski online run over dsquared2 by swarovski crystal a mentally ill driver, without hollister a falcons jerseys license giants jerseys or chi hair insurance nike air max and dolphins jerseys who perhaps abercrombie and fitch kids may denver nuggets jerseys have wedding dresses been smoking vans schuhe marijuana supra footwear since it free running was hogan in vikings jerseys his car. coach factory It air max shoes sounds to me raiders jerseys that you're michael kors making new balance canada the criminal coach outlet store online the watches canada victim. bills jerseys However, uggaustralia.com I rayban do understand dallas mavericks jerseys your ray ban sonnenbrillen point about taking care burberry outlet online of pandora the sick, giuseppe shoes which abercrombie.com is why toms.com we should mcm backpack outlet stick charlotte hornets jerseys them adidas canada in an celine bags institution where azcardinals jerseys they can't christian louboutin shoes hurt themselves or others. If omega watches he can't respect the prada shoes rules cheap michael kors and ralph lauren others oklahoma city thunder jersey and baseball bats has so much fear of things coach factory outlet that versace outlet online its jimmy choo shoes causing chargers jerseys him babyliss pro to ray ban act in this longchamp handbags way michael kors bags he should coach outlet online not be part vans outlet of thomas sabo uk the community.I baseball jerseys too sacramento kings jersey fear new balance he north face may brooklyn nets jerseys end up killing someone either jerseys from china intentionally michael kors outlet online sale or ralph lauren outlet unintentionally.michael kors outlet Log in or register to post comments Related Latest Reviews News Bell Tolls for Pay-TV Best Buy Gives VR a Reality Check Sony Announces Pricing, Availability for 4K/HDR TVs HBO’s Silicon Valley Heading for Blu-ray Former Soccer Pro Crowdfunds Unique Log Speaker Sony Announces Pricing, Availability for UHD Blu-ray DTS:X Hits the Airwaves Vizio Rolls Out HDR10 Firmware Update ‘Ticketed’ Virtual Reality Concert Has 360° Sound Make Your TV Disappear B&W Applies 800 Series Knowhow to In-Walls Vizio to Pay $2 Million in FTC “Spy” Settlement Amphion Announces Argon 7LS Speaker Sonus faber Announces High-End Speaker Series Leon’s Super-Thin TV Speakers Now Shipping Periodic Launches 'No-Compromise' In-Ear Monitors Bell Tolls for Pay-TV Best Buy Gives VR a Reality Check Shopping with Apps: Who Needs a Salesman? Sony CAS-1 Compact Audio System Review Okay Google, I Want to Watch CNN Now Sony Announces Pricing, Availability for 4K/HDR TVs The Hole in Blu-ray's Bucket HBO’s Silicon Valley Heading for Blu-ray How to Use an External Amp to Create an 11.1 System Ultra HD Settles In Along with UHD Blu-ray & HDR Denon Introduces Improved Wireless Sports Earphones Audeze iSine 10: Weird Looks With a Wow Sound The Neal Morse Band Progresses Into a Fine Sonic Dream Temple of the Dog: 25th Anniversary Expanded Edition The Quiet Man Warcraft Sony CAS-1 Compact Audio System Review Temple of the Dog: 25th Anniversary Expanded Edition The Quiet Man Warcraft Control4 EA-1 Home Automation System Review HiFiMan SuperMini Music Player Review Ears On Test: Do Custom Tips Make a Difference? Boy & the World The Shallows Focal Dôme Flax 5.1 Speaker System Review Anthem AVM 60 A/V Processor Review Shout! if You Love the '80s Onkyo TX-RZ1100 A/V Receiver Review Kicker Bullfrog Jump Outdoor Bluetooth Speaker LP Records as Art Sing Street Bell Tolls for Pay-TV Best Buy Gives VR a Reality Check Okay Google, I Want to Watch CNN Now Sony Announces Pricing, Availability for 4K/HDR TVs HBO’s Silicon Valley Heading for Blu-ray Denon Introduces Improved Wireless Sports Earphones Former Soccer Pro Crowdfunds Unique Log Speaker Sony Announces Pricing, Availability for UHD Blu-ray DTS:X Hits the Airwaves Vizio Rolls Out HDR10 Firmware Update ‘Ticketed’ Virtual Reality Concert Has 360° Sound Make Your TV Disappear B&W Applies 800 Series Knowhow to In-Walls Vizio to Pay $2 Million in FTC “Spy” Settlement Amphion Announces Argon 7LS Speaker Play Me a Tune: Meet Yamaha's Amazing Disklavier Enspire Wholehouse Piano Displays All Flat Panels 3DTV LED TV LCD TV Plasma TV 4K ULTRA HD TV OLED TV All Projectors 3D Projectors Screens Electronics AV Receivers Surround Processors Power Amps Integrated Amps Speakers Tower Bookshelf Subwoofers In-Wall On-Wall Soundbars Desktop Wireless Sources Blu-ray Players 3D Blu-ray Players Media Servers Portables Streaming Players Turntables Other Sources HT Systems Soundbars HT Box Systems Other Gear Custom Install Computer/DACs Headphones Remotes Video Processors Accessories Test Tools Software Blu-ray Movies 3D Blu-ray Movies Discs & Downloads Top Picks Flat Panels Projectors Proj Screens AV Receivers Floor Speakers Compact Speakers Subwoofers Soundbars & HTIB Processors & Amps Blu-ray Players Headphones Furniture & Mounts Miscellaneous Custom Install Home Movie Theaters Equipment Reviews Custom Install How To How To Buy HDTV Projectors Blu-ray Players AV Receivers Audio Separates Speakers How To Use Ask S&V HDTV Setup Projector Setup AV Receiver Setup Blu-ray Setup Speaker Setup Tech 101 Test Bench Results How We Test AV Glossary HDTV Tech Projector Tech 3DTV Tech AV Receiver Tech Speaker Tech Other Tech Custom Install How To Community Vote Sweepstakes Show Reports CES 2017 CES 2016 CES 2015 CES 2014 CES 2013 CES 2012 CES 2011 CES 2010 CES 2009 CEDIA 2016 CEDIA 2015 CEDIA 2014 CEDIA 2013 CEDIA 2012 CEDIA 2011 CEDIA 2010 CEDIA 2009 Latest News Audio/Video News New Products Premiere Design Blogs Ask S&V Editor's Eye A/V Veteran SmartStream Remotely Possible Ears On Apptitude Tech^2 Throwback Thursday Signals Grace Notes The Kumin Factor Road Gear S&V Interview Connected Life Reference Tracks Archived Blogs Out of the Blu Curtain Call CinemaStyle Vintage Gear The Big Picture HT Geeks Podcast Shane Buettner Geoffrey Morrison Wide Angle Track One Gadget Gary Soundtrack This Week Shop Buyer's Guides Special Issues Back Issues Resources Contact Us About Us eNewsletter Sign-up RSS Feed Permissions/Reprints Media Kits Privacy Terms of Use Subscriptions New Subscription Digital Subscription Renew Give a Gift Sub Services WHERE TECHNOLOGY BECOMES ENTERTAINMENT © 2017 Sound & Vision TEN: The Enthusiast Network All rights reserved X Username * Password * Create new account Request new password
MSPU Windows Phone Windows 10 Surface Xbox Enterprise Tip us Settings Text Input: Windows 10 Windows Phone Surface Xbox Enterprise Settings Tip us Forum Text Input: Google releases Chrome 53 for Windows bringing Material design 3 by Pradeep  @pradeepviswav Sep 2, 2016 at 17:48 GMT6 months ago Google Chrome team has released Chrome 53 to the stable channel for Windows. Chrome 53.0.2785.89 contains a number of fixes and improvements. This update also brings Google’s Material design to Windows for the first time. You can now find flatter design and new iconography. Chrome is now rendered fully programmatically including iconography, effectively removing the ~1200 png assets they were maintaining before. It also allows them to deliver a better rendering for a wide range of PPI configuration. If you are not a fan of Material Design, you can from disable it under chrome://flags/. There is also a new dark theme for Incognito mode. They have added support for color emoji on Windows 10. Finally, they have also made significant improvements to performance and battery life. Google Cast is now built into Chrome. You can also view websites that are not integrated with Cast on your TV by selecting the “Cast…” menu item from the Chrome menu. It’s good to see Google finally taking real efforts in improving Chrome on Windows as it is now the most used web browser on Windows. Some links in the article may not be viewable as you are using an AdBlocker. Please add us to your whitelist to enable the website to function properly. Related download google Google Cast Google Chrome 53 Material Design windows Tweet Share 0 Read these next Trending WhatsApp Web and WhatsApp for WP updated (changelog) by Surur 0 Trending GPD’s real Windows 10 Pocket PC reach funding goal near instantly by Surur 0 Comments Advertisement MSPoweruser Podcast MSPoweruser Podcast 34: The final Creators Update features trickle in by Andrew Bennett on February 11, 2017 The Windows 10 Creators Update is feature complete, and the final tweaks and features are arriving. The Windows Developer Day event shed some light on some of these, and also gave another gl... Subscribe Now Windows 10 WhatsApp Web and WhatsApp for WP updated (changelog) by Surur on February 16, 2017 WhatsApp has updated their apps for Windows and Windows Phone. The Windows Phone app has been updated to version 2.17.70.0 with the usual bug fixes and various improvements. WhatsApp Web, wh... Microsoft push back End of Life of original Windows 10 by Surur If you have steadfastly refused to update your Windows 10 PC to a new build since launch, Microsoft has given you another 2 months reprieve to still get patches and bug fixes. Build 1507 of ... Garmin Connect Mobile app for Windows 10 updated with great new features by Surur Garmin Connect Mobile app has seen a major update to version v3.15 with many improvements which make the app a worthy competitor for the Fitbit app. The update brings support for music cont... Windows 10’s Sticky Notes app now lets you create a new note from the task... by Mehedi Hassan Windows 10’s Sticky Notes app picked up a pretty sweet update on the Windows Store recently. The app now integrates right into the jump list in Windows 10, which means you can now crea... Microsoft brings its Windows Insider program to the enterprise with WIP4Biz by Mehedi Hassan Microsoft’s Windows Insider Program has been immensely successful for the software giant, helping it to improve Windows 10 over the past couple of years. Today at Microsoft Ignite Aus... Deals Deals Deal Alert: Get the Xbox One S 1TB, Halo 5, Dead Rising 3 and Extra Wireless Controller for only $289.99 There is currently a massive deal available on the Xbox One S console on eBay. The console is currently being sold there with an extra wireless controller, Dead Rising 3 and Halo 5 for only... Deal Alert: HP ENVY x360 15t only $799 with $130 instant rebate HP is running a promotion on the ENVY Hybrid, offering $130 off on the convertible touchscreen laptop until the 15th February. The HP Envy x360 offers the latest 7th Generation Intel Core i7... Deal Alert: Fitbit’s full range of fitness trackers now on sale, save up t... Fitbit is having a sale on their fitness trackers, offering discounts as deep as $50 on their most expensive models. The timing is of course opportune, partially due to the post-holiday hea... Alcatel’s Idol 4S drops to $288 on T-Mobile USA Alcatel’s Idol 4S for Windows has just received a price cut on T-Mobile. The device, ordinarily costing over $400 dollars, has now been reduced to $288 on T-Mobile’s online store... Deal Alert: 1 TB Xbox One S with free controller and Halo Wars 2 only £259 The Microsoft Store is offering a range of deals on the Xbox One S, offering as much as £40 off plus a free controller which usually costs £50. The the best deal is for the 1TB Halo Wars 2... Deal: Get ‘Rainbow Six Siege Year 2 Gold Edition’ for $29.99 Right now the Microsoft Store is offering the ‘Tom Clancy’s: Rainbow Six Siege Year 2 Gold Edition’ version of the game for only $29.99. However this is not the physical co... Deal: Get ‘LEGO MARVEL’s Avengers’ for half off at Amazon You can now grab ‘LEGO MARVEL’s Avengers’ for half off at online retailer Amazon. The title, which normally goes for $39.99, is now on sale for only $19.99.  The deluxe versio... Deal: Save up to $250 on select Surface Book models from Microsoft Store Microsoft Store is now offering up to $250 discount on select Surface Book devices. Surface Book Intel Core i5/8GB RAM/128GB device (non-gpu) model is now available for $1299. Also, Surface ... Deal: Save $524 on the original Surface Book with Core i7 and 512GB SSD Amazon US is now offering a huge discount on the original Surface Book device. You can now get a discount of $524 on the Surface Book with Intel Core i7/16GB RAM/512GB/NVIDIA graphics. Find ... Deal: Save up to $200 on select Surface Pro 4, plus get an NFL Type Cover worth ... Microsoft Store US is now offering a discount of $200 on select Surface Pro 4 devices in the US. You can also get an NFL Type cover worth $159 for free along with the purchase. For example, ... Forums About Us Contact Us Tip Us Submit Articles Community Guidelines Privacy Policy © 2017 MSPoweruser - All rights reservedNot associated with Microsoft   Top
Neowin Login Sign up News Latest Microsoft Google Apple Software Android Wear 2.0 isn't coming to SmartWatch 3, confirms Sony 29 minutes ago Huawei P10 leaked in blue, gold and green ahead of Mobile World Congress reveal 1 hour ago Hip to be square: LG's G6 teaser shows how its unique 'Full Vision' display could work 3 hours ago Apple may ditch the home button for new "function area" 3 hours ago View all recent news Sticky Notes for Windows 10 now let's you make a new note from the taskbar 4 hours ago Microsoft Authenticator beta updated on iOS; now allows users to edit accounts 4 hours ago You can enter the Halo Wars 2 launch drawing for prizes and catch a live stream on the 16th 5 hours ago Halo Wars 2 limited edition prints will be available for sale starting February 16 5 hours ago View all Microsoft news Moto G5 and G5 Plus specs and pictures leak ahead of Mobile World Congress 13 hours ago Google I/O dates officially revealed; application process will start February 22 13 hours ago Google ordered to pay $20 million for Chrome's infringement of anti-malware patents 14 hours ago Samsung's Chromebook Plus is now available for pre-order Feb 15, 2017 View all Google news Apple may ditch the home button for new "function area" 3 hours ago Microsoft Authenticator beta updated on iOS; now allows users to edit accounts 4 hours ago Apple to oppose 'right to repair' law in Nebraska, saying users might hurt themselves 23 hours ago Apple releases the first trailer of its reality show 'Planet of the Apps' Feb 14, 2017 View all Apple news PicPick 4.2.3 11 minutes ago MusicBrainz Picard 1.4 13 hours ago WinSCP 5.9.4 14 hours ago Internet Download Manager 6.27 Build 5 15 hours ago View all software news Features Reviews Editorials Unboxings Trending Review: Amazfit Pace is an activity tracker that needs to hit the gym for some massive gains Feb 14, 2017 Review of Synology's Surveillance Station, a free IP camera tool for Synology NAS devices Feb 13, 2017 Oukitel U20 Plus review: Dual-lens camera for under $100 Feb 6, 2017 A review of the Oukitel U13 - jump in the low end Feb 6, 2017 View all reviews Looking back: In 2016, Microsoft became one of the most exciting companies in the tech world Dec 31, 2016 Redmond delights: 10 reasons to be excited about Microsoft's future Nov 14, 2016 Editorial - When replacing your Samsung Galaxy Note7, consider these replacement options Oct 16, 2016 Editorial - Horde 3.0 changed my mind about Gears of War 4 Sep 7, 2016 View all editorials Unboxing Logitech's new BRIO webcam, which supports Windows Hello, 4K streaming, and more Feb 12, 2017 First 24: Hands-on with Samsung's Gear S3 classic Nov 26, 2016 Spectre x360 (2016) unboxing and first impressions: HP may have a winner Nov 12, 2016 Alcatel IDOL 4S with Windows 10 unboxing and first impressions Nov 4, 2016 View all unboxings OnePlus does it again by releasing a truly cringeworthy ad Feb 15, 2017 Samsung releases 128GB "Black Pearl" S7 edge in New Zealand with bonus 256GB microSD card Feb 15, 2017 Microsoft: Windows 10 Mobile builds will keep coming "beyond release of the Creators Update" 16 hours ago Adobe Flash Player 24.0.0.221 Feb 14, 2017 View all trending news Forums Deals Recent Highlights Interests On a Budget Get this Microsoft Programming Certification Training Bundle for just $49 via Neowin Deals 19 hours ago Get a lifetime subscription to the Virtual Training Company for just $89 via Neowin Deals Feb 14, 2017 Get this Complete IT Cloud Architect Training Bundle for just $49 via Neowin Deals Feb 13, 2017 Become a Professional Python Programmer for just $11.70 via Neowin Deals Feb 10, 2017 View all recent deals Best Sellers Pay What You Want Gear + Gadgets Software Bundles View all Neowin Deals For Developers Productivity Accessories E-Learning View all Neowin Deals Under $20 Freebies Giveaways View all Neowin Deals More Subscribe Store Chat on IRC Send Tip Write for Neowin About Us Advertising Facebook Twitter Follow @neowinfeed Google+ Google's unique pay system for its self-driving team led some to leave and start anew By Timi Cantisano News Reporter Neowin LLC @timicantisano · Feb 14, 2017 with 3 comments For a little over a year, self-driving vehicle technology has been a hot topic and a heavy investment piece at companies like Tesla, Google, Apple and more. It appears that the engineers were paid so much at Google, that they were eventually able to quit and start their own companies. According to Bloomberg, "Early staffers had an unusual compensation system that awarded super-sized payouts based on the project's value. By late 2015, the numbers were so big that several veteran members didn't need the job security anymore, making them more open to other opportunities." The unique pay system was started in 2010 when Google was just beginning to gain momentum by unveiling its first self-driving vehicle. It was devised so that employees would have an incentive and was based on the performance of the project. While this is not uncommon in many work environments, Google's would add in special multipliers that would kick in. Although the criteria to gain these multipliers are unknown, the self-driving program did well, resulting in employees with huge payments. This would eventually lead to staff departures with some moving to new start-ups and even starting their own self-driving technology companies. As time passes, the playing field will become increasingly competitive, and will surely become an interesting space to watch over the next few years. Source: Bloomberg via The Verge | Image via Waymo Tags Google Waymo Self driving Self driving car Self driving vehicle Like Tweet Share Share Report a problem with article Previous Story Deals with Gold offers discounts on classics like Mafia III, Grand Theft Auto V, and more Next Story Samsung rolls out February security update for the Galaxy S7 and S7 edge Advertisement Community Activity Refresh OnePlus does it again by releasing a truly cringeworthy ad in Front Page News Android Wear 2.0 isn't coming to SmartWatch 3, confirms Sony in Front Page News Oklahoma Man Arrested in Police "Chase" @ 208mph in a Mustang in The Neobahn Hip to be square: LG's G6 teaser shows how its unique 'Full Vision' display could work in Front Page News PicPick 4.2.3 in Front Page News Not just Surface Book: Microsoft raises Surface Pro 4 UK prices by up to 12% due to Brexit in Front Page News Microsoft commits to complying with the EU's GDPR across its cloud services by May 25, 2018 in Front Page News Half-Life 3 confirmed! Oh, wait... no, Valve staff is just messing with you in Front Page News Trending Stories OnePlus does it again by releasing a truly cringeworthy ad Feb 15, 2017 with 38 comments Samsung releases 128GB "Black Pearl" S7 edge in New Zealand with bonus 256GB microSD card Feb 15, 2017 with 5 comments Microsoft: Windows 10 Mobile builds will keep coming "beyond release of the Creators Update" 16 hours ago with 21 comments Adobe Flash Player 24.0.0.221 Feb 14, 2017 with 10 comments Related Stories Moto G5 and G5 Plus specs and pictures leak ahead of Mobile World Congress 13 hours ago Nvidia Shield Tablet updated to Android 7.0 Nougat Feb 9, 2017 Microsoft, Apple and 95 other US tech companies file motion against Trump's immigration ban Feb 6, 2017 Tech companies react to Trump executive order on immigration Jan 28, 2017 · Hot! deals VPN Unlimited: Lifetime Subscription $499.99 $29.99 94% off Xamarin Cross Platform Development Bundle $1,046.00 $35.00 97% off Big Data and Hadoop Analytics Certification Bundle $799.00 $59.00 93% off The Complete Android N Developer Course - Build 17 Apps $200.00 $17.00 92% off Scrivener for Windows $40.00 $20.00 50% off Show Comments 3 Comments - Add comment Sort by oldest first (thread view) Sort by newest first (thread view) Sort by oldest first (linear view) Sort by newest first (linear view) Advertisement Report Comment Close Please enter your reason for reporting this comment. BBCode Helper Close The following codes can be used in comments. [b]bold[/b] [i]italics[/i] [u]underline[/u] [s] strikethrough[/s] [url]link[/url] [img]imageurl[/img] [quote]text[/quote] Company Contact Us About Us Write for Neowin Advertising Community Forums Subscribe Chat on IRC Neowin Deals Social Facebook Twitter Google+ YouTube DMCA Policy Terms of Use Privacy Statement © Since 2000 Neowin LLC. All trademarks mentioned are the property of their respective owners. Top of Page Login Close Username or email: Password Remember me Sign In Sign in with Facebook Sign in with Twitter Sign in with Google Sign in with Live ID Loading
ClickZ ClickZ Intelligence ClickZ Learn ClickZ Live header-ad-slot February 16, 2017 Search Engine Watch Home Industry SEO PPC Analytics Social Local Mobile Video Content Development Reports Toggle navigation Home Industry SEO PPC Analytics Social Local Mobile Video Content Development Reports   >   PPC  >   How to target high-income consumers with AdWords How to target high-income consumers with AdWords PPC 14 Feb 17 | Wesley Parker Facebook0 Linkedin102 Google+18 Twitter 120 There are many industries in which being able to target high net worth individuals is useful within AdWords. Whether you are selling high-end investments, expensive cars, loans or clothes, targeting high-end individuals within AdWords will help you improve your return on investment. Today I am going to be showing you a deeply hidden gem within AdWords that allows you to target people based on their household income. It works using data from Google that is sourced from this AdWords Help post. “Target locations by demographics to reach groups of people based on their location’s approximate average household income. Based on publicly available data from the US Internal Revenue Service (IRS), advertisers are able to target ads to certain areas according to their average household income. This feature is currently available for U.S. locations only.” You can target people by household incomes that are in: Top 10% 11-20% 21-30% 31-40% Lower 50% One of the issues however with targeting users by household income is that if you are using very granular targeting such as by city or zip code Google will respect this targeting over income targets. So for example if you are targeting the whole of the USA with a household income target and then you target New York with a bid modifier of 20% then Google would respect the bid modifier for New York over the modifier for high income targets. What percentage of traffic comes from each target bucket? Early reports of the percentage of traffic from each target bucket have been published by bloggers. You will see that on average, users in the top 10% will have an income of $146,001 per year, with the bottom 50% having an income of less than $64,000 per year. When looking at the percentage of clicks, 19.7% come from users with an average household income of $64,000 or less per year, with just 1.8% coming from households with an average income of $146,001 or more. How To Target High Net Worth Individuals in Adwords STEP 1. Go to your campaign settings along the top menu, and then select all settings from the sub menu as shown below. STEP 2. Within the targeting options go to advanced targeting as shown in the screenshot below. STEP 3. In the advanced settings menu select location groups and then from the drop down select “demographics” as shown below. STEP 4. Enter the location that you would like to target within the location box and then select the household income tier that you would like to target. Share this article Facebook0 Linkedin102 Google+18 Twitter 120 Related articles How digital marketers can take advantage of Valentine's Day What exactly is PPC keyword management anyway? Top three programmatic trends in 2017 Nine crazy predictions for SEO in 2017 How to layer targeting methods to change bids If you have a product which people from lower income households are likely to purchase, but a larger majority of your customers will be higher net worth individuals, you may want to consider using layered targeting. For example, if I am targeting New York, I would add both New York as a location and then add New York (Top 10% by Income) as a location as shown below. You can then use bid modifiers to appear higher in Google’s results for higher net worth individuals. You can see in the example that bids would be increased by 10% for higher net worth individuals.  Conclusion There are countless industries where this deeply hidden targeting feature will be very effective at improving your Adwords performance. There are hundreds of different keywords that where the intention is dramatically changed when you compare the top 10% of earners with the bottom 50%. If you are targeting one of these markets, you should definitely consider testing this strategy. If you have any questions about this feature please feel free to comment below with your questions. Wesley Parker is CEO of Clicteq (http://clicteq.com) and a contributor to Search Engine Watch. Want to stay on top of the latest search trends?Get top insights and news from our search experts. Subscribe Related reading How to keep Q4 paying off in 2017 Retailers love the influx of revenue in Q4, but there’s another, more last gift from the spike in digital traffic: data that you can use to your advantage in 2017. PPC 12 Jan 17 | Sana Ansari 10 online marketing strategies to make you a unicorn [infographic] Everyone who knows me knows I’m obsessed with unicorns – not just the magical beasts you’ll often find hanging out near rainbows but marketing unicorns. Development PPC SEO Social 05 Jan 17 | Larry Kim The 10 Best & Biggest New PPC Features of the Year Some new PPC features stuck out more than the rest this year. This article will separate the unicorns from the donkeys! PPC 20 Dec 16 | Larry Kim Three major developments that will shape multi-channel marketing in 2017 As we close out the year, what are some of the major developments that are likely to shape multi-channel marketing in 2017? Industry PPC Social 07 Dec 16 | Rebecca Sentance Sign up for SEW Daily Daily news and insights about search engine marketing, SEO and paid search. Subscribe Visit us on: rhc-mpu-ad-slot1 Comments rhc-mpu-ad-slot2 Most Popular Say goodbye to Google: 14 alternative search engines Say goodbye to Google with these 14 alternative search engines, covering everything from information, images, videos, facts and stats. Oh and Gifs. Going over to the duck side: a week using DuckDuckGo I’ve heard about DuckDuckGo a few times over the years, mostly as a name uttered in hushed whispers behind closed doors – “You don’t have to use Google. There is another way.” How to write meta title tags for SEO (with good and bad examples) What is a title tag? How do you write one? Why are title tags important? Do they actually help with search engine optimisation? How to write meta descriptions for SEO (with good and bad examples) What is a meta description? How do you write one? Why are meta descriptions important? Do they actually help with search engine optimisation? Can I see some good and bad examples? Want to stay on top of the latest search trends?Get top insights and news from our search experts. Subscribe Click here to advertise with us Powered By ClickZ Group Limited All rights reserved 1 Hammersmith Broadway London, W6 9DL editorial@clickz.com CATEGORIES Industry SEO PPC Analytics Social Local Mobile Video Content Development Home About SEW Contact SEW Advertise on SEW Site Map Website Terms of Use Copyright & Licensing Privacy policy Cookie & Privacy Policy Friend's email Message  https://searchenginewatch.com/2017/02/14/how-to-target-high-income-consumers-with-adwords/ Send × Want to stay on top of PPC trends? Get top insights and news from our PPC experts.Delivered to you daily, straight to your inbox. Subscribe No thanks, I am not interested No thanks. Ask me later please Close
Sections MarTech CMO Social SEM SEO Mobile Analytics Display Email Retail Video Home Submit Follow Us Follow CMO Social SEM SEO Mobile Analytics Display Retail MarTech More Submit Follow SUBSCRIBE Subscribe Marketing Land Rebuilding Trust Facebook opens itself to independent measurement audits Q4 2016 What marketers should know about Twitter’s earnings Subscribe to Marketing Day SUBSCRIBE MarTech CMO Social SEM SEO Mobile Analytics Display Email Retail Video Home SEM Get the best news in paid search marketing - published every week together with Search Engine Land. SUBSCRIBE How ads on Google for its own products can impact the prices other advertisers pay Just as on a retail shelf, there are only so many ad spots available on a search result. Ginny Marvin on February 14, 2017 at 11:00 am More When Google and its sibling companies at Alphabet buy ads on its own search engine, the company says it works to ensure that its participation in the ad auction doesn’t “directly inflate” what the other advertisers in that auction end up paying. The mechanics of those efforts can be hard to follow if you aren’t familiar with the AdRank system Google uses to decide which ads to show based on how much advertisers are willing to pay and the “quality score” assigned to each ad. Our story on Search Engine Land goes into those mechanics. But the bottom line is that despite Google trying to keep pricing neutral in the auction, just being in the auction can have an impact on its customers’ prices. That’s because of what could be called the “limited shelf space” scenario. If Google were a store: a cereal scenario Consider Google as if it were a retailer selling cereal, with brands paying for shelf positioning. There is only so much room on the shelf. Here we’ve got a scenario in which there are spots for four boxes of cereal on the store shelf, and brands compete for shelf positioning. For simplicity’s sake, let’s assume Google thinks every box is just as likely to appeal to customers and gives each brand the same “quality score.” That score plus the price each brand is willing to pay to get on the shelf determines which brand gets the best position and the pricing. The price each brand pays might look something like this: Position 1 —  Brand A pays $0.50 per box Position 2 — Brand B pays $0.45 per box Position 3 — Brand C pays $0.40 per box Position 4 — Brand D pays $0.35 per box Now, consider Google comes into the mix with its own in-house cereal brand. Google says its cereal will compete for positioning along with all the other brands. It aims to neutralize its affect on what the other brands pay by calculating their prices as if Google didn’t win a spot on the shelf. Things change as follows: Postiion 1 –  Brand A pays $0.50 Position 2 – Google pays $0.47 Position 3 – Brand B pays $0.45 Position 4 – Brand C pays $0.40 GONE – Brand D pushed off the shelf Notice, the prices the three brands still left on the shelf pay haven’t changed, but Google’s entry means Brand D got pushed out entirely. Now, consider that next time Brand D is willing to pay more in order to get back on that shelf. Google’s attempt to take itself out of the pricing equation can’t eliminate the inevitable change in competition when there are now just three spots on the shelf for the other brands to vie for. This is what can happen when Google runs its own ads in the AdWords auction. Google says advertiser prices aren’t affected because “advertisers are charged as if it wasn’t bidding.” That’s not quite the case. Its participation can force the other advertisers to jockey harder for the limited ad spots on the page and increase the odds that at least one advertiser will pay more to maintain visibility. By the mechanics of AdWords pricing, bid changes by one (non-Google) advertiser can have a ripple effect on the prices other advertisers pay. One can argue Google shouldn’t take up space on its virtual “shelf” at all. However, it’s also hard to argue that Alphabet companies like Nest shouldn’t be allowed to advertise its thermostats on Google, for example. Either way, there are steps Google could take to be clearer about its role and better inform its customers of steps it takes to address conflicts of interest. To understand more of the complexity, see our story on Search Engine Land. About The Author Ginny Marvin As Third Door Media's paid media reporter, Ginny Marvin writes about paid online marketing topics including paid search, paid social, display and retargeting for Search Engine Land and Marketing Land. With more than 15 years of marketing experience, Ginny has held both in-house and agency management positions. She provides search marketing and demand generation advice for ecommerce companies and can be found on Twitter as @ginnymarvin. Related Topics Channel: SEMGoogleGoogle: AdWordsSearch Marketing Sponsored We're listening. Have something to say about this article? Share it with us on Facebook, Twitter or our LinkedIn Group. WATCH #SB51 TEASER ADS Attend Our Conferences March 21-23, 2017: SMX West June 2017: SMX Advanced October 24-26, 2017: SMX East × Attend SMX - Click Here Learn More About Our SMX Events Gain new strategies and insights at the intersection of marketing, technology, and management. Our next conference will be held: May 9-11, 2017: MarTech San Francisco October 2-4, 2017: MarTech Boston × Attend MarTech - Click Here Learn More About Our MarTech Events Take the MarTech Quiz Think you know martech? Find out by taking this 3-minute quiz. See how you score and share it with friends! Let's Get Started White Papers User Engagement Top 100 Report: Email Marketing in E-Commerce Diversity is Key to Understanding Corporate Video 6 Steps to Creating High Converting Native Ads The Facebook Advertising Ecosystem The Digital Marketer’s Guide to AI-Powered CRO See More Whitepapers Webcasts Build Your Ultimate Martech Stack Intro to Agile Marketing: Work faster and smarter by changing how you work Creative is Complicated: Tips for better brand/agency collaboration See More Webcasts Research Reports Content Marketing Tools B2B Predictive Marketing Analytics Platforms Social Media Management Software Call Analytics Platforms Paid Media Campaign Management Platforms B2B Marketing Automation Platforms See More Research Get our daily Marketing Day newsletter. SUBSCRIBE Follow Us © 2017 Third Door Media, Inc. All rights reserved.
Indiatimes|The Times of India|The Economic Times : HI, My Times LOGOUTSign In Business More Beauty Pageants Photos Videos More Fashion Specials Debate Photos Videos Platinum Times of India More HomeHome Videos Videos News Entertainment Celebs Movies Lifestyle Sports Tech Business Auto Beauty Pageants Funny City METRO CITIES Mumbai Delhi Bangalore Hyderabad Kolkata Chennai OTHER CITIES Agartala Agra Imphal Ahmedabad Allahabad Amritsar Aurangabad Bareilly Bhopal Bhubaneswar Chandigarh Coimbatore Cuttack Dehradun Erode Faridabad Goa Gurgaon Guwahati Hubli Indore Jaipur Jammu Jamshedpur Jind Kanpur Kochi Kolhapur Kozhikode Lucknow Ludhiana Madurai Mangalore Meerut Mysore Nagpur Nashik Navi Mumbai Noida Patna Puducherry Pune Raipur Rajahmundry Rajkot Ranchi Srinagar Salem Shillong Shimla Surat Thane Trichy Thiruvananthapuram Vadodara Varanasi Visakhapatnam India World World US Pakistan South Asia UK Europe China Middle East New to Canada Rest of World Mad, Mad World Photos Videos FOLLOW WORLD Business Business Sector Impact More FOLLOW BUSINESS Tech Tech News Gadgets Reviews Slideshows Videos How to Featured FOLLOW TECHNOLOGY Cricket Cricket News Results Fixtures Columns Photos Live Cricket Score FOLLOW CRICBUZZ Sports Sports IPL Cricket Football Tennis Hockey Golf Racing NBA SFL Badminton Boxing Chess South Africa in India More sports Other Sports Photos Videos FOLLOW SPORTS Entertainment Entertainment Hindi English Tamil Telugu Malayalam Kannada Bengali Punjabi Marathi Bhojpuri Gujarati Movie Reviews Music Beauty Pageants Photos Videos FOLLOW ENTERTAINMENT TV TV News News Trade News TV Listings Movies on TV Specials Photos Videos Hindi English Tamil Telugu Malayalam Kannada Marathi Bengali Gujarati Life & Style Life & Style Relationships Health & Fitness Listen To Your Sugar Beauty Spotlight Food Books Home & Garden Fashion Every Heart Counts Homeopathy Photos Videos FOLLOW LIFE & STYLE Blogs Photos Photos Movies Celebs Fashion Beauty Pageants Awards Events TV Sports Gadgets News FOLLOW PHOTOS ePaper Times Now Live TV Apps Coupons All Sections ALL News » Google must not let terrorists exploit Silicon Valley Google must not let terrorists exploit Silicon ValleyMubaraz Ahmed | The Independent | Feb 13, 2017, 05.29 PM IST No matter how hard Google tries, it can't escape accusations about its reluctance to deal with extremist content online. Whether it is Jihadi videos on YouTube, anti-Semitic search suggestions, or other forms of extremist content freely available on one of its platforms, Google has to accept that extremists are exploiting the internet. Up until now, Google has been able to bat away criticism with relative ease, with little to no effective action taken. However it would appear that criticism is growing, and it must respond. Too often Google absolves itself of any responsibility. The search giant has always strived to be more than a for-profit entity. Rightly, it prides itself on its ability and its success in shaping modern life. And in doing so, it has become part of the fabric of society. Google is no longer viewed simply as a search engine market leader, and nor does it want to be. With this great status comes a heavy responsibility, one that, thus far, Google has failed to do justice to. We can't give extremists a free ride online. We wouldn't allow this offline, so why allow it online? It's right that the internet, and by extension Google, is a relatively ungoverned space. Silicon Valley has flourished under the current conditions. But we can't allow extremists to exploit the good nature of Silicon Valley. Research by the Centre on Religion & Geopolitics into the accessibility of Islamist extremist content on the Google search platform last year found that, rather worryingly, content ranging from the overtly violent magazines of Isis and al-Qaeda to the more subtle calls for killing apostates and Jews were ranking prominently in Google's search listings. In fact, the research found that there were almost half a million searches conducted every single month for phrases that return extremist content, 54,000 of which were from the UK alone. Similarly, journalist Carole Cadwalladr found that Google's own algorithm was suggesting anti-Semitic search phrases, on top of which anti-Semitic websites run by far-right extremists were the first websites that the searches were returning. Google recently gave itself a pat on the back in a blog post about how it had done a great job in cleaning its ad platform in order to "protect people from misleading, inappropriate, or harmful ads". In fact, the company said it developed an algorithm to systematically purge its platforms from almost 2 billion ads that violated its policies. While this may seem to be an admission of responsibility, ultimately Google has only acted on this because the revenue from advertisements is the core pillar of its financial model. There is a question to be asked: if Google can invest the time, money, and resources to tackling spurious ads that undermine its policies, why can't the company act against extremist content? The question of removing certain content from its listings always makes Google hot under the collar. Of course it doesn't want to be seen as policing the internet and what people can access, but in reality the company already does this. In Germany, legislation dictates that Google results omit anti-Semitic, Nazi content from its search listings, while in Europe more broadly, the Right to be Forgotten law requires the company to remove historic, inaccurate, and misleading listings about individuals should they request them to be removed. A collective, legislative approach to tackling extremist content online will circumnavigate the age-old debate about net-neutrality and compel the major tech players to play ball. The likelihood of upsetting Google might be high, but would it lead to Google withdrawing its business from such markets? Certainly not. Every so often Google, along with Twitter and Facebook, are hauled before ministers and committees in the US, the UK, Europe and elsewhere as the powers that be seek answers on what these corporations are doing to tackle extremist content. There are some colourful responses, ranging from empowering civil society to holding "hackathons" and workshops. This all sounds very good, but the same flaw underscores all of these initiatives; the power to act is handed from the tech companies to the public. There is no doubt that wider society has its role to play, but only Google, with its technological resources can make a sizable difference. Google's algorithm to root out bad adverts is billed as having done a job that would have taken 50 years to do if it was done manually. Surely, it could explore a similar approach to extremism of all kinds that find their way into our search results, whether it be racism, homophobia, anti-Semitism, Islamophobia, or any other kind of hate speech. On the flipside, if Google fails to take action, are we looking at 50 years before this problem is solved? Actions speak louder than words, and in its own words Google understands the problem and remains committed to a "zero-tolerance policy for content that incites violence or hatred". Yet the actions that Google has thus far demonstrated show a real reluctance to engage with the issue. Whether it's mobile phones, homes, cars, or anything else that Google turns its attention to, the company strives to fundamentally change our lives for the better. However, being a change maker doesn't negate responsibility. In fact, when you become change makers, your responsibility grows. Executives at Google should go back to square one, understand what users are searching for, and understand what users are being presented with. We can't allow extremists a free ride online. There can be no ungoverned spaces when battling terrorists. Stay updated on the go with Times of India News App. Click here to download it for your device. RELATED From around the web Top 10 Highest Earning Bollywood Playback Singers Bollywood Union 15 most beautiful women in the world CrazyFreelancer Pre-Launch Lodha Palava Central Park 1,2&3 BHK @ 37 Lac+ Lodha Palava City More from The Times of India CID's Inspector Purvi is holidaying in Dubai, see pics The Indira Gandhi the world will never know Satnam Singh drafted in NBA, selected by Dallas Mavericks From the Web More From The Times of India Reach your premium audience with ColombiaColombia 13-yr-old Ashwini needs help to fight Cancer!Milaap Movies that grossed over 100 crores in 2016BOLLYWOODUNION Help Save Shivaji from a serious heart condition!Milaap Top 10 most popular double roles in BollywoodBOLLYWOODUNION Hrithik talks about love and romance! Drone camera used at polling booth for surveillance Valentine's just another day for Malaika Arora Running Shaadi: 'Pyaar Ka Test' song Furious Richa Chadha storms out of an event ViewcommentsPost a comment All Comments ()+^ Back to Top Characters Remaining: 3000 Continue without login or Login from existing accountFacebookGoogleEmail Share on FacebookShare on Twitter Refrain from posting comments that are obscene, defamatory or inflammatory, and do not indulge in personal attacks, name calling or inciting hatred against any community. Help us delete comments that do not follow these guidelines by marking them offensive. Let's work together to keep the conversation civil. HIDE+ All CommentsYour Activity SortUpVotedNewestOldestDiscussedDown Voted Be the first one to review. We have sent you a verification email. To verify, just follow the link in the message Follow / Like us at @timesofindia Budget Live India Budget 2017 Income Tax Slab 2017-18 Budget 2017 News Budget 2017 Highlights Most Popular Sasikala breaks down, reveals Jayalalithaa’s last words to her Virat Kohli credits record-breaking spree to captaincy, fitness Sasikala's counterattack: 'New kinds of protest from tomorrow' Top female police officer roles in Bollywood Ad: Bollywood Union Thinking About Going Solar? Read This First Ad: Home Solar Programs Sensex, Nifty50 end flat after choppy trade Benchmark equity indices BSE Sensex and NSE Nifty settled almost unchanged with minor gains amid buying in selected auto, power and IT stocks. The BSE Sensex closed 17.37 points higher at 28,351, while the Nifty50 index settled 11.50 up at 8,805. Infosys founder Narayana Murthy says his concerns very much remain Infosys founder NR Narayana Murthy has denied that he is calling off his objections related to the hefty severance payouts to two former employees and governance issues at Infosys Limited. From around the Web Highest paid Bollywood playback singers BollywoodUnion Want to post your ad? Switch to Colombia Colombia Help 7-year-old get a second chance to live! Milaap Earn ~ 10% / yr rent + capital appreciation in Commercial RE PROPERTY SHARE More From The Times of India Flat stomach food guide TOI Website When dad likes them young TOI Website online: Latest News, Videos and Photos TOI Website Read Moregoogle islamophobiagoogle algorithm extremistGooglefiltering extremistextremist content Navbharat Times Featured Today In Travel From our Global Partners Corporation Bank business registers growth of 5.35% in Q3 Reckitt Benckiser to buy Mead Johnson for $16.6 billion China's exports jump 7.9 per cent in January Donald Trump has the ability to recognise ability, says iGate co-founder Ashok Trivedi 1Google must not let terrorists exploit Silicon Valley 2Corporation Bank business registers growth of 5.35% in Q3 3Reckitt Benckiser to buy Mead Johnson for $16.6 billion 4China's exports jump 7.9 per cent in January 5Donald Trump has the ability to recognise ability, says iGate co-founder Ashok Trivedi About us Privacy policy Newsletter Sitemap Create Your Own Ad Advertise with us Feedback TOI Mobile Terms of Use and Grievance Redressal Policy RSS ePaper Archives Other Times Group news sites The Economic Times | इकनॉमिक टाइम्स | ઈકોનોમિક ટાઈમ્સ | Pune Mirror | Bangalore Mirror | Ahmedabad Mirror | ItsMyAscent | Education Times | Brand Capital | Mumbai Mirror | Times Now | Indiatimes | नवभारत टाइम्स | महाराष्ट्र टाइम्स | ವಿಜಯ ಕರ್ನಾಟಕ | Go Green | Lifehacker India | Gizmodo India | Eisamay | IGN India | NavGujarat Samay | Tamil News | Telugu News | Miss Kyra | Hindi News | FILMIPOP Hindi Living and entertainment iDiva | Entertainment | Zoom | Luxpresso | Mobile Phones | Online Songs | MensXP.com | Hotels | Travel Destinations | smartapp | Cricbuzz.com | Filmfare | Femina | Grazia | Filmipop | Bombay Times Interest Network itimes Hot on the Web Cricket News | Sunny Leone Bikini Pics | How to Get Pregnant | Latest News Services Book print ads | Online shopping | Matrimonial | Astrology | Jobs | Tech Community | Property | Buy car | Bikes in India | Deals | Free Classifieds | Used Cars | Restaurants in Delhi | Movie Show Timings | Remit to India | Listen Songs | TimesMobile | Real Estate Developers | Restaurant Deals in Delhi | Mobile Recharge | Bollywood News | Bank Exam App | iTimes Entertainment App | ETMoney Finance App Trending Topics Beauty Care | BMC Election 2017 | Movie Reviews | Weather Today | PMC Election 2017 | India Budget 2017 News FOLLOW US ON Top Trends Live Score: India vs Bangladesh Live: Assembly Elections 2017 Sasikala Panneerselvam Kulgam Encounter Oroville Dam Jolly LLB 2 Collection Grammy Awards 2017 India vs Bangladesh Copyright © 2017 Bennett, Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. For reprint rights:Times Syndication Service `
Don't Miss: CW@50: A look back at Y2K in cartoons 5 new threats to your personal data Newsletters Resources/White Papers Search computerworld Sign In | Register Hi! Here are the latest Insider stories. Smackdown: Office 365 vs. G Suite productivity 3 enterprise-strength file sync services to check out Smartphone CPUs put desktops to shame Quarter of firms can't fill open infosec positions More Insider Sign Out Search for Suggestions for you Insider email Cloud Computing All Cloud Computing Cloud Security Cloud Storage Hybrid Cloud Private Cloud Public Cloud Computer Hardware All Computer Hardware Apple Mac Chromebooks Computer Peripherals Computer Processors Solid State Drives Windows PCs Consumerization of IT All Consumerization of IT Bring Your Own Device (BYOD) Home Tech Personal Technology Data Center All Data Center Data Storage Disaster Recovery High-Performance Computing (HPC) Infrastructure Management Sustainable IT Virtualization Emerging Technology All Emerging Technology 3D Printing Artificial Intelligence Car Tech Environment Internet of Things Robotics Space Technology Wearables Enterprise Applications All Enterprise Applications Application Development Big Data Business Intelligence (BI) CRM Collaboration Data Analytics Database Management Desktop Apps Enterprise Architecture Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP) Java Development Open Source Social Business Software as a Service (SaaS) Unified Communications (UC) IT Management All IT Management Digital Transformation H-1B IT Careers IT Industry IT Outsourcing IT Project Management IT Skills & Training Technology Law & Regulation Internet All Internet E-commerce Search Social Media Web Apps Web Browsers Mobile & Wireless All Mobile & Wireless Android Apple iOS Mobile Apps Mobile Device Management Mobile Payments Mobile Security Smartphones Tablets Windows 10 Mobile Wireless Carriers Networking All Networking Network Security Servers Wireless Networking Operating Systems All Operating Systems Chrome OS Linux MacOS Windows 10 Security All Security Application Security Cyberattacks Cybercrime & Hacking Data Privacy Data Security Encryption Endpoint Security Malware & Vulnerabilities Vertical IT All Vertical IT Financial Services IT Government IT Healthcare IT Retail IT Small Enterprise IT All Topics News Features Reviews Blogs Opinions Insider Shark Tank Slideshows Video Digital Magazine Digital Downloads Newsletters Computerworld Events Resources/White Papers × Close Home Cloud Computing News Google’s new cloud service is a unique take on a database Cloud Spanner provides users with a highly available database running on Google's infrastructure By Blair Hanley Frank | Follow U.S. Correspondent, IDG News Service | Feb 14, 2017 9:13 AM PT Email a friend To Use commas to separate multiple email addresses From 
		     Privacy Policy Thank you Your message has been sent. Sorry There was an error emailing this page. Credit: Magdalena Petrova More like this CloudVelox eases migration of core business apps to the cloud Here's how Evernote moved 3 petabytes of data to Google's cloud MySQL face-off: Amazon outscales Google Video Getting a bead on tech trends for 2017 Google has turned a database service that it uses to run some of its mission-critical products into an offering for its public cloud customers. On Tuesday, the company launched Cloud Spanner, a new fully managed database that’s supposed to provide the transactional consistency of a traditional database plus the scalability and performance of a NoSQL database. It’s based on the same systems that run the company’s own Spanner database internally. Usually, businesses have to pick either a traditional or a NoSQL database, and each comes with particular trade-offs. Traditional databases provide better transactional consistency, but can be hard to scale. NoSQL databases are better at scaling but sacrifice consistency. Cloud Spanner is designed to reduce those trade-offs, and it's also delivered as a fully managed service. Among other things, that means Google will manage hardware, software and replication of content for a database that can span multiple data centers. The service will be useful for companies that need millisecond-level consistency in their databases worldwide, according to Nick Heudecker, a research director at Gartner. In an interview, he called out financial services and advertising as two industries that might benefit from Cloud Spanner. Heudecker did point out that the service will require companies to port existing applications, which may prove challenging. Google is working with partners to help customers move over, according to Deepti Srivastava, the product manager for Cloud Spanner. Cloud Spanner has generated more interest than most new Google services, based on response to a closed alpha test, Srivastava said. Cloud Spanner grew out of a project that began in 2007, when a team of Google employees set out to solve the problem of choosing between NoSQL and traditional databases. That led to a paper, published in 2012, describing the company’s Spanner database, which uses a number of novel techniques, including atomic and GPS clocks inside data centers to maintain time consistency. Spanner is used to operate Google services like AdWords and Google Play. According to the company, it can handle tens of millions of queries per second. That pedigree is a feature of Cloud Spanner that appealed to Peter Bakkum, the platform lead at Quizlet. The education software company, which offers a popular set of study tools for students, is evaluating how to scale its database infrastructure. Quizlet has been testing Cloud Spanner since the closed alpha phase and may end up using the service to replace its existing setup of MySQL databases. Refactoring Quizlet’s applications to use Cloud Spanner will require work, but that's true of all the possible upgrade paths, Bakkum said. “We need a fundamentally different architecture to do scaling, and any of those solutions have a difficult migration path,” he said. Cloud Spanner’s popularity may be throttled somewhat by Google’s position in the cloud market. While the company has been aggressive in releasing new capabilities and improving its services to attract new customers, its use still lags behind that of Amazon Web Services and Microsoft Azure. Using Cloud Spanner means bringing data to Google’s cloud platform and building an application that targets it. While some companies are comfortable working with multiple cloud providers, not all of them are. That said, Gartner's Heudecker said Google is the only major cloud provider offering a product like this one and it will be hard for rivals to catch up. “Cloud Spanner is not just software,” Heudecker said. “It is the union of software, hardware — in the form of atomic clocks in Google’s data centers — and an incredibly robust network connecting their data centers together. So it’s not just writing code. It’s a lot of investment and a lot of operational expertise that Google excels at.” Right now, Cloud Spanner instances can only exist in one of Google's cloud regions, though they'll be replicated across multiple availability zones inside those regions. In the future, Cloud Spanner customers will be able to have one database that's kept in sync across multiple regions.  To express your thoughts on Computerworld content, visit Computerworld's Facebook page, LinkedIn page and Twitter stream. Related: Cloud Computing Data Center Google Blair Hanley Frank is primarily focused on the public cloud, productivity and operating systems businesses for the IDG News Service. 10 super-user tricks to boost Windows 10 productivity You Might Like Shop Tech Products at Amazon What Readers Like China reminds Trump that supercomputing is a race China said it plans to develop a prototype of an exascale supercomputer by the end of this year,... Project Fi has a powerful bonus feature hidden in plain sight Why you should start using Google Keep right away Newsletters Sign up and receive the latest news, reviews and trends on your favorite technology topics. Get our daily newsletter Go Say goodbye to the MS-DOS command prompt It had a good 36-year run, but its day is done. Trump eyes an H-1B visa aimed at ‘best and brightest’ President Donald Trump is considering a new way of distributing the H-1B visa to ensure they go to the... BrandPostsLearn more Sponsored by Hewlett Packard Enterprise How hybrid infrastructure fuels IT velocity Popular Resources White Paper 10 Networking Priorities for Digital Transformation Video/Webcast Sponsored 2017 State Of The Cloud: Cloud Is Now The Engine Powering Enterprise Digital Transformation White Paper 5 Reasons to Catch 802.11ac Wave 2 White Paper 5 Ways Your Network Can Accelerate Digital Transformation eBook Sponsored Cisco Digital Network Readiness Model eBook Go Top Stories Maryland lawmaker seeks to unveil H-1B employers A Maryland lawmaker wants to require businesses in Maryland to report the number of employees they have... Who are your customers? You think you know, but it can be trickier to determine than we tend to think. Here’s some guidance. 10 tips for helming IT through ups and downs Impending mergers, ultrafast growth and sharp dips all put pressure on IT leaders to make quick... DARPA: We’re on cusp of merging human and machine Within three to five years, researchers could have a device that helps people with brain injuries form... Sponsored Links Online Master of Science in Information Systems at Northwestern University INSTANTLY dtSearch® TERABYTES OF FILE+EMAIL+DB+WEB DATA; reviews/evals Use integration, automation, & intelligence to outsmart cybercriminals. Computerworld The Voice of Business Technology Follow us Cloud Computing Computer Hardware Consumerization of IT Data Center Emerging Technology Enterprise Applications IT Management Internet Mobile & Wireless Networking Operating Systems Security Vertical IT All Topics News Features Reviews Blogs Opinions Insider Shark Tank Slideshows Video Newsletters Computerworld Events Resources/White Papers About Us Contact Privacy Policies Editorial Calendar Advertising Careers at IDG Site Map Ad Choices E-commerce Affiliate Relationships Copyright © 2017 IDG Communications, Inc. Explore the IDG Network descend CIO Computerworld CSO Greenbot IDC IDG IDG Connect IDG Knowledge Hub IDG TechNetwork IDG.TV IDG Ventures Infoworld IT News ITwhitepapers ITworld JavaWorld LinuxWorld Macworld Network World PC World TechConnect TechHive This ad will close in 20 seconds. Continue to site »
NEWS l l CHANNELS GamesBeat AI AR/VR Big Data Bots Business Cloud Dev Enterprise Entrepreneur Esports Marketing Media Mobile PC Gaming Security Social Transportation Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Advertise EVENTS l l VB EVENTS Upcoming Events GET INVOLVED Sponsor Speaker Media Partner Volunteer Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Advertise RESEARCH l l CATEGORIES Marketing Tech Mobile Gaming Miscellaneous LEARN MORE VB Top Ten Subscription Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Advertise ‹ NEWS › CHANNELS GamesBeat Entrepreneur AI Esports AR/VR Marketing Big Data Media Bots Mobile Business PC Gaming Cloud Security Dev Social Enterprise Transportation ‹ EVENTS › VB EVENTS Upcoming Events GET INVOLVED Sponsor Media Partner Speaker Volunteer ‹ RESEARCH › CATEGORIES Marketing Tech Gaming Mobile Miscellaneous LEARN MORE VB Top Ten Subscription ‹ VENTUREBEAT › About Advertise Careers Contact Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars CLOUD Google launches beta of Cloud Spanner, a managed version of its internal database Jordan Novet@jordannovet February 14, 2017 9:00 AM Tags: Alphabet, data, Google, Google Cloud Platform, Google Spanner, infrastructure as a service, public cloud Above: At the Google Cloud Platform Live event in San Francisco on Nov. 4, 2014. Image Credit: Jordan Novet/VentureBeat Google today is announcing the launch of Cloud Spanner, a new managed database service that people can use through the Google Cloud Platform. The service is an implementation of the Spanner software that Google documented in a paper in 2012 and has been using internally for years. Google did something similar when it introduced Google Cloud Bigtable database service in 2015, nine years after the publication of the Bigtable paper. And before Bigtable, there was the 2014 launch of Google Container Engine, which is based on Google’s open-source Kubernetes container cluster management software. Among the things that distinguish Spanner from other databases, including Bigtable, are its support for the classic SQL query language, distributed transactions, and ACID (atomicity, consistency, isolation, durability) compliance. “Cloud Spanner keeps application development simple by supporting standard tools and languages in a familiar relational database environment. It’s ideal for operational workloads supported by traditional relational databases, including inventory management, financial transactions, and control systems, that are outgrowing those systems,” Google product manager Deepti Srivastava wrote in a blog post. Google Cloud Platform continues to field the Google Cloud SQL Service, as well as Google Cloud Datastore. But now customers will be able to use the same software that Google uses to power Google Play and AdWords. Public cloud market leader Amazon Web Services (AWS) offers the MySQL-compatible Aurora relational database, as well as the Relational Database Service (RDS). Microsoft Azure offers Azure SQL Database, as well as SQL Server on virtual machines (VMs). ABOUT CONTACT CAREERS ADVERTISE Terms of Service Privacy Policy © 2017 VentureBeat. All rights reserved.
PCMagLogo.2016 Reviews Reviews Android Apps Cameras Cars Desktops Drones Editors' Choice Gaming Headphones Health & Fitness iPad Apps iPhone Apps Keyboards Laptops Mice Monitors Phones Printers Projectors Routers Scanners Security Software Smart Home Software Speakers Storage Tablets TVs Virtual Reality Wearables All Reviews Best Picks Best Picks Best Android Apps Best Antivirus Software Best Cameras Best Desktops Under $500 Best Drones Best Fitness Trackers Best Hard Drives Best iPhone Apps Best iPhone Cases Best Laptops Best Monitors Best Password Managers Best PC Games Best Phones Best Printers Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Cases Best Tablets Best Wireless Routers Editors' Choice All Categories How-To How-To All Categories How to Block a Number on Any Phone How to Build a Computer How to Build Your Smart Home How to Clear Cache How to Connect Your iPhone to Your TV How to Create an Anonymous Email Account How to Create an App How to Edit a PDF How to Get iOS 10 How to Hack Wi-Fi Passwords How to Save Money on Your Cell Phone Plan How to Take a Screenshot How to Set Up and Configure Your Wireless Router How to Use Apple Pay News News All News Fastest ISPS Features Readers' Choice Business Choice Opinions Fastest Mobile Networks Tips Tips All Tips Tips to Speed Up Windows Tips Every Amazon Addict Should Know Android Marshmallow Tips Apple TV Tips Chrome Tips Chromecast Tips Facebook Tips Fitbit Tips Gmail Tips Google Drive Tips Google Search Tips Netflix Binge Watching Tips Roku Tips WiFi Booster Tips Yahoo Mail Tips Business Business All Categories Business Software Index Enterprise Small Business Startup Spotlight Explore Accounting & Taxes Back Best Expense Report Software 2016 Best Online Accounting Services 2016 Best Online Tax Preparation Software 2016 FreshBooks QuickBooks Online Plus TaxACT Online Plus Review TurboTax 2016 Review Antivirus, Safety & Security Back Avast Free Antivirus AVG Avira Best SaaS Endpoint Protection Software 2016 Best Security Suites 2016 Bitdefender Antivirus Plus Review 2016 Free Antivirus Kaspersky Antivirus Kaspersky Internet Security McAfee Symantec Norton Security Premium Review Webroot SecureAnywhere AntiVirus Review 2016 Windows Defender Browsers & Operating Systems Back Chrome Firefox Internet Explorer 11 macOS Sierra Beta Opera Microsoft Edge Tor Browser Windows 10 Business & Office Back Agiloft Review Best Application Performance Management Tools 2016 Best Asset Management Services 2016 Best Contract Management Software 2016 Best CRM Software of 2016 Best Email Marketing Software 2016 Best Help Desk Software 2016 Best HR Software & Management Systems of 2016 Best Idea Management Software 2016 Best Membership Management Software 2016 Best Network Monitoring Software 2016 Best Online Collaboration Software 2016 Best Online Survey Tools 2016 Best Project Management Software of 2016 Best Self-Service Business Intelligence (BI) Tools 2016 Best Social Media Management & Analytics Tools 2016 Best Video Conferencing Services 2016 Campaign Monitor Review What is Cloud Computing? Constant Contact Review Join.Me Review LiquidPlanner Review Microsoft Office 2016 Review Microsoft Office For Mac Review Microsoft Office 365 Review Vivantio Pro Review Wrike Review Zoho Projects Review Cameras & Photo/Video Editing Back Best Action Cameras of 2016 Best Digital Cameras of 2016 Best Photo Scanners 2016 Best Scanners of 2016 Best Video Editing Software for Enthusiasts GoPro Hero 4 Silver Mirrorless Camera Photoshop Elements Underwater Camera Video Editing Software Carriers & Providers Back Boost Mobile Dish Network Metro PCS Safelink Straight Talk Cases & Covers Back Best iPhone 6 Plus Cases Best iPhone SE Cases Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Cases Best All-in-One PCs Best Desktop Computers of 2016 Best Gaming Desktops 2016 Top 10 Desktops Under $500 Desktops Back Best All-in-One PCs Best Desktop Computers of 2016 Best Gaming Desktops 2016 Top 10 Desktops Under $500 Smart Home & Wearables Back Apple Watch Bands Best Smart Home Security Systems 2016 Best Smartwatches 2016 Best Home Security Cameras 2016 Doorbell Camera Fitbit Alta Fitbit Blaze Fitbit Surge Garmin Vivoactive Garmin Vivosmart HR IFTTT Nest Cam Roomba SimpliSafe Trackr DNA Testing Back 23andMe AncestryDNA Drones Back Best Drones Drone Regulations Ebooks Back The Best eReaders of 2016 How to Get Free eBooks Kindle Oasis Kindle Paperwhite Education Back Absorb LMS Review Best Language-Learning Software 2016 Best LMS of 2016 Grovo LMS Review Lynda Udemy Games Back Android Games iPhone Games Nintendo 3DS Games PC Games PS4 Games Xbox One Games Wii U Games Hard Drives, Storage, Networking & Backup Back Amazon Cloud Drive Review Best Cloud Storage & Syncing Best External Hard Drives 2016 Dropbox Review Eero Review IDrive Review Microsoft Onedrive Review Headphones Back Beats Headphones Beats Solo 2 Best Bluetooth Headphones Best Bluetooth Headsets Best Bluetooth Speakers Best Headphones 2016 Best In-Ear Headphones 2016 Best Noise-Canceling Headphones 2016 Bluetooth Headset Reviews Jaybird X2 Powerbeats2 Wireless Keyboards, Mice, Monitors & Speakers Back Best Business Monitors 2016 Best Computer Mice 2016 Best Computer Monitors 2016 Best Computer Speakers 2016 Best Gaming Keyboards of 2016 Best Gaming Monitors 2016 Best Keyboards 2016 Best Wireless Speakers 2016 Bose Soundlink JBL Flip 3 Laptops Back Best Budget Laptops 2016 Best Business Laptops 2016 Best Chromebooks 2016 Best Dell Laptops Best Gaming Laptops of 2016 Best Laptops Best Laptops for College Students Best Laptops Under $500 Best Lenovo Laptops 2016 Dell XPS 13 Dell XPS 15 Printers Back 3D Printer Best Inkjet Printers 2016 Best Laser Printers 2016 Best Wireless Printers 2016 Printers Search & Shopping Back Amazon Prime Cost Amazon Prime Now Amazon Prime Pantry Bing Square Cash App Google Search Tips Google Wallet Shows, Events & Holiday Back Back to School Tech E3 Fathers Day Holiday Gift Guide Tech News Phones Back Asus Zenfone 2 Laser Best Android Phone Best Unlocked Phones Droid Maxx 2 CDMA vs. GSM Huawei Honor 5X HTC Desire 626 Huawei P8 Lite iPhone 6 vs. 6s Nokia Lumia Samsung Galaxy J3 Samsung Galaxy S7 Samsung J7 Samsung S7 Sony Xperia Tablets Back Best Android Tablets 2016 Best Tablets of 2016 Best Windows Tablets iPad iPad Mini 4 Surface Pro TVs & Streaming Media Back Amazon Prime Video Amazon Fire Stick Best Media Streaming Devices of 2016 Best Podcasts Best Projectors 2016 Best TVs of 2016 Chromecast Google Play Music Hulu MP3 Netflix Pandora Radio Playstation Vue Roku 2 Roku Streaming Stick Slacker Radio Spotify Utilities Back Adobe Acrobat Pro Advanced SystemCare Best Password Managers for 2016 Best Tune-Up Utilities 2016 Download YouTube Evernote (Web) Google Image Search Iolo System Mechanic 15.5 Review LastPass Never10 SlimWare Utilities SlimCleaner Plus Review Virtual Reality Back Oculus Rift The Best VR Headset VoIP Back Best VoIP Services 2016 RingCentral Office (for Business) Review Vonage Review VPN Back Best VPN Services 2016 Best Free VPN Hotspot Shield NordVPN Review Private Internet Access Web Hosting Back 1&1 Web Hosting Review Best Cheap Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Managed WordPress Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Shared Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Small Business Web Hosting Services 2016 Best VPS Web Hosting Services for 2016 Bluehost Review Dreamhost Web Hosting Review Hostgator Review Hostwinds Web Hosting Review InMotion Web Hosting Review Coupons Subscribe Subscribe Nav_Assets Facebook Twitter Search Search for Close Arrow_Path PCMagPicks VerizonUnlimited AmazonChime TrumpPhone Windows10 Menu Subscribe Home/ Reviews/ Software/ Internet/ Google Highlights Pangolin Plight in Valentine's Day Doodle Google Highlights Pangolin Plight in Valentine's Day Doodle By Angela Moscaritolo February 13, 2017 11:12am EST 10 Comments Play the Google doodle game and think about pledging your support to pangolins. Google unveiled a special surprise for Web surfers this Valentine's Day eve. The Web giant has a new Valentine's Day-themed doodle game aimed at bringing awareness to the plight of the pangolins, the world's most poached and trafficked mammal. "This Valentine's Day, we're telling the tale of two long-distance loves who have been struck by Cupid's arrow," Jordan Thompson, a software engineer on the Google Doodle team, wrote in a blog post. "Writing love letters to each other from far-off places, these pangolins know in their hearts that they're scaly soulmates. What better day to meet for their first date than the most romantic day of the year?" Looking to zone out for a while? Head over to Google.com to play the doodle game on the desktop or your mobile device. As you go through the game, you'll have to pick up different items to rack up points, and earn as many stars as possible. You can click the heart icon in the main menu to learn more about the pangolins and donate to support the World Wildlife Fund's conservation efforts. First, your little rolling pangolin will travel to Ghana to meet a friend who "teaches the fine art of making chocolate cake," Thompson wrote. Next, the pangolin visits India "where its musical pal shows how to construct a lovely melody that's sure to touch the heart of its beloved." From there, the pangolin sets out for China, where it learns to dance before embarking on its final ques to the Philippines. There, the pangolin will learn to build a flower bouquet to win the hart of its love. "Once our pangolin heroes have found their hearts' desire, show your own Valentine they're the king or queen of hearts by sharing your score when the game is complete," Thompson wrote. "After all, Valentine's festivities are always sweeter when they're shared!" Back to top Previous : Online Stores May Know Your New Card Details Before You Do Do You 'Netflix Cheat'? You're Not Alone Next : By Angela Moscaritolo Reporter Angela has been a PCMag reporter since January 2012. Prior to joining the team, she worked as a reporter for SC Magazine, covering everything related to hackers and computer security. Angela has also written for The Northern Valley Suburbanite in New Jersey, The Dominion Post in West Virginia, and the Uniontown-Herald Standard in Pennsylvania. She is a graduate of West Virginia University's Perely Isaac Reed School of Journalism. More » More Stories by Angela Yahoo Notifying People About 'Forged Cookie' Attacks The forged cookies allowed an intruder to access accounts without entering a password. More » Security Firm Loses Bid to Suppress Unflattering Test Results CrowdStrike wanted to stop NSS Labs from publishing its findings, but a judge threw out the case. More » Sleek Caavo Device Wants to Help You Find Something to Watch Up to eight media devices connect to Caavo, which connects to your TV for one-stop access. More » See More + Comments Login or Register Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus //Most Popular Articles The Creepy World of Abandoned Video Games Podcasts You Should Download Now 7 Forgotten Atari Jaguar Classics Verizon Bringing Back Unlimited Data How to Clean Crapware From a New PC Have a Question for PCMag? »See More //Discover... The Biggest Software Flops of All Time The Eerie World of Abandoned Arcade Games TV Shows to Watch if You Love 'Stranger Things' »See More About Connect Ziff Davis Sites Subscribe Social About Us Site Map Privacy Policy Terms of Use Advertise Accessibility Statement PCMag Digital Edition Newsletters RSS Feeds Encyclopedia Contact Us AskMen Computer Shopper ExtremeTech Geek IGN TechBargains Toolbox Offers.com Speedtest.net PC/Mac Apple iOS Amazon Kindle Google Android Customer Service SOCIAL Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google+ Instagram © 1996-2017 Ziff Davis, LLC. PCMag Digital Group PC, PC Magazine and PC PCMag.com are among the federally registered trademarks of Ziff Davis, LLC and may not be used by third parties without explicit permission. unused
LOW RATES & FEES Low Rates Balance Transfers 0% APR Low Interest No Fees No Annual Fee No Foreign Transaction Fee Tools Get your free Credit Score Airlines or Low Interest Calculator Cash Back or Low Interest Calculator Payoff Calculator TRAVEL & REWARDS Cards for Travel Travel & Airlines Hotels No Foreign Transaction Fee Earn Rewards Rewards Cash Back Points Gas Cards & Auto Rewards Tools Max Rewards with WalletUp® Better offers with CardMatch™ Pay with the Right Card with Wallet TOP OFFERS Better Offers with CardMatch™ Top Offers for February 2017 Limited Time Offers CREDIT QUALITY Credit Type Excellent Credit Good Credit Fair Credit Bad Credit Limited or No Credit History Other Options Prepaid & Debit Cards Secured Credit Cards Personal Loans Small Business Loans Tools Get your free Credit Score Offers Matched to your Credit Your Credit Score & Report on the Go CARD TYPE Search by Type of Card Cards for Business Cards for Students Prepaid & Debit Cards Secured Credit Cards Search by Network or Bank MasterCard Visa American Express Discover Wells Fargo   Bank of America Capital One Citi Chase Barclaycard NEWS & ADVICE News Articles Latest News News Archive Basics & Help Credit Card Reviews Additional Resources Taking Charge™ Blog Latest Videos Glossary of Credit Card Terms PrivacyWise™ Connect with us Subscribe: RSS News Feeds Subscribe: email Newsletter FREE INTERACTIVE TOOLS Tools Offers Matched for You WalletUp® Card Finder Get your free Credit Score Mobile Apps Calculators Card Offers Top Offers Best Credit Cards Credit Card Comparison Tools Guides PrivacyWise™ Credit Card Terms Glossary MY.CREDITCARDS.COM Sign In Sign Up ADVERTISEMENT Credit Cards Credit Card News In-car payments: A wallet that's truly mobile - Editorial Policy In-car payments: A wallet that's truly mobile Paying while driving is convenient, but risky By Brady Porche Soon your credit card will be able to go from 0 to 60 in about 6 seconds or less. Mobile wallets are moving to dashboards as automakers partner with card networks and retailers to equip vehicles with in-car payment technology. Drivers will be able to pay for parking spaces and gasoline without even getting out of their cars. Meanwhile, tech firms such as Amazon and Google are bringing their popular voice assistants to cars, providing consumers a way to buy products while they’re behind the wheel. In-car purchasing could be a bonanza for retailers and merchants, and a convenient shopping experience for consumers. Cardholders could also see new retailer discounts and opportunities to earn rewards and loyalty points as they shop inside their cars.   Visa and Honda recently demonstrated a system that will allow drivers to pay for parking and gas inside their vehicles.   Ford Motor Co. will soon add Amazon’s Alexa voice assistant to its vehicles. Visa and Honda recently demonstrated a system that will allow drivers to pay for parking and gas inside their vehicles.   Ford Motor Co. will soon add Amazon’s Alexa voice assistant to its vehicles. “This is an exciting area of innovation – the opportunity of what role will the vehicle have within everyday commerce experiences,” said Rich Meszaros, connected commerce lead at Accenture Mobility. However, some experts are concerned that the ability to shop while you drive could pose safety risks and encourage overspending. Start your engines The trend toward in-car payment systems started up last year and has accelerated in 2017. Last October, Mastercard announced a partnership with General Motors and IBM to bring mobile payments to OnStar systems in GM vehicle dashboards. Visa and Honda in January demonstrated a new in-vehicle payments system they’ve been working on in collaboration with smart parking meter and gas pump manufacturers. Honda drivers will be alerted when they pull up to a beacon-equipped smart meter or fuel pump, and they can pay just by touching a button on the dash. Ford Motor Co. recently proclaimed itself the first car manufacturer to add Amazon’s Alexa digital voice assistant to its vehicles. Ford said in a January press release the first phase of its Alexa integration would allow users to connect to their cars from inside their houses to their Amazon Echo, Echo Dot and Amazon Tap devices. You can start your car’s engine, check the fuel level, lock or unlock the doors and even gauge the battery life just by chatting with Alexa. This summer, users will be able to talk to Alexa from inside their cars, enabling them to check the weather, edit their shopping lists and even buy stuff while driving. Drivers will be able to order any item available via Amazon Prime in their Alexa-equipped cars, and the voice assistant will make product recommendations based on order history. John Scumniotales, general manager at Amazon Alexa Automotive, noted that users will also be able to order food from Amazon Restaurants and Pizza Hut and send flowers from 1-800-FLOWERS using Alexa’s “skills.” Skills are similar to chatbots in that they allow customers to interact with individual retailers, merchants, banks and other service providers via artificial intelligence. Of course, chatbots lack the personal touch of a human-sounding assistant like Alexa or Apple’s Siri, and they can’t be used while driving. “We believe voice is the future,” Scumniotales said. “It will fundamentally improve the way people interact with their car.” We believe voice is the future. It will fundamentally improve the way people interact with their car. — John Scumniotales General Manager, Amazon Alexa Automotive Not to be outdone, Google is working with Hyundai to bring its Google Assistant to the South Korean automaker’s cars. Google’s voice assistant does not yet allow payments, but the tech firm is rumored to be developing that capability. European car manufacturers are getting into the mobile payments game as well. Volkswagen in December acquired parking payment app PayByPhone and Luxembourg-based Daimler last month announced it bought digital payments processor PayCash Europe. Smart driving Paying for parking or fuel at your dashboard can save time, energy and discomfort. For example, a driver living in a cold climate can stay a little warmer by starting a fuel transaction in the warmth of his car’s interior instead of getting out and fumbling with his credit or debit card at the pump or meter. Meszaros of Accenture said further advancements could enable drivers to pay tolls, buy on-demand insurance while inside a rental vehicle or order food while outside a restaurant that has no drive-through window. Meanwhile, interactions between cars and smart parking meters could help drivers better navigate high-traffic situations, such as sporting events. “When you think about the bottlenecks in attending one of those events, it’s often parking,” Meszaros said. “What’s contributing to that bottleneck is paying for it. If your vehicle could seamlessly pay as you’re entering or exiting by communicating from the car directly to the parking lot, that would be a great experience for attendees.” Paying for gas remotely can also help protect consumers from fraud and identity theft. Experts say credit card skimming at gas pumps is on the rise, and fuel stations were recently granted an extra three years to adopt security-enhancing EMV-enabled payments. In-car payment doesn’t solve all security issues related to gas pump transactions, but it’s a key step. “We need to think about the entire life cycle of the security of that payment,” Meszaros said. “That’s everything from how do the payment credentials get into the vehicle to how they’re stored and how they’re transacted with the smart device outside the vehicle – whether they use tokenization or other techniques.” Drivers could also save money on online purchases if in-car payments are integrated with reward and loyalty point programs. Mobile wallet providers, such as Samsung, are using their own rewards systems to encourage more consumers to pay with their phones. Rewards specific to in-vehicle payments have yet to materialize, but Meszaros said they are the “next likely step.”  Keep your eyes on the road – and your card balance Adding a payment system or voice assistant to a car’s dashboard raises a safety concern that has loomed large in the smartphone era – distracted driving. Researchers at the University of Utah found in an October 2015 study that drivers needed up to 27 seconds to regain full attention after issuing commands to voice assistants. A driver traveling at 25 miles per hour would cover the length of three football fields during that time, researchers said. The study’s subjects used Microsoft’s Cortana, Apple’s Siri and Google Now on smartphones and onboard infotainment systems offered by major automakers. The potential risks extend beyond personal safety. Some experts think an in-car voice assistant that takes orders and encourages more spending could negatively affect consumers who are prone to shopping addiction. The impact of in-car voice assistants is not yet known, but the ease of online purchasing can encourage overspending. Terrence Shulman, founder of the Shulman Center for Theft, Spending and Hoarding, said about 10 percent of Americans struggle with compulsive spending at some point in their lives. “I’m not against anybody buying whatever he or she wants, but it’s no secret that people are getting more impulsive and impatient,” Shulman said. “There’s less time to consider a purchase because things are so easy.” Cars and credit already require caution In-car payments could revolutionize the way we travel and shop, but any exciting technological advancement has potential downsides. Shopping with credit cards and driving are two tasks that already require mindfulness and restraint. Consumers will win if dashboard payment systems don’t encourage us to let our guard down behind the wheel. See related: No card, no problem: Pay with your ring, watch, bracelet, At festivals, wristbands are the new credit cards Published: February 13, 2017 ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT Join the discussion We encourage an active and insightful conversation among our users. Please help us keep our community civil and respectful. For your safety, do not disclose confidential or personal information such as bank account numbers or social security numbers. Anything you post may be disclosed, published, transmitted or reused. If you are commenting using a Facebook account, your profile information may be displayed with your comment depending on your privacy settings. By leaving the 'Post to Facebook' box selected, your comment will be published to your Facebook profile in addition to the space below. The editorial content on CreditCards.com is not sponsored by any bank or credit card issuer. The journalists in the editorial department are separate from the company's business operations. The comments posted below are not provided, reviewed or approved by any company mentioned in our editorial content. Additionally, any companies mentioned in the content do not assume responsibility to ensure that all posts and/or questions are answered. Three most recent Innovations, features, new products stories: Chatbots will help you with your cards, banking – Bots use artificial intelligence to answer questions ... Mobile credit card application is safe -- and easier now – There's less fraud risk with mobile than mailing your personal info, experts say ... 6 free tools to stop recurring card charges – Apps make it easier to spot and end payments for no-longer-wanted services ... CreditCards.com's Newsletter Did you like this story? Then sign up for CreditCards.com’s weekly e-newsletter for the latest news, advice, articles and tips. It's FREE. Once a week you will receive the top credit card industry news in your inbox. Sign up now! SUBSCRIBE Editorial Policy Credit Card Rate Report Updated: 02-16-2017 ADVERTISEMENT Comments/Questions? Corrections Policy Weekly newsletter Get the latest news, advice, articles and tips delivered to your inbox. It's FREE. SUBSCRIBE Quick Links Credit Card Videos Credit Card Help Credit Card Glossary Credit Card Statistics Charged Up! Podcast ADVERTISEMENT Home Privacy Policy California Privacy Rights Home Site Security Privacy Policy California Privacy Rights Site Map FAQs About Us Overview Leadership Team Media Center Careers Contact Us Customer Support Partnership Opportunities Business Development Media Relations Related Sites My.CreditCards.com Credit Card Blogs WalletUp® CardMatch™ International Sites Tarjetas de Credito UK Credit Cards Brazilian Credit Cards Canadian Credit Cards Copyright 2017 CreditCards.com. All Rights Reserved. Terms of Use Stay connected with CreditCards.com Card Types Balance Transfer Cash Back Travel & Airlines No Annual Fee Credit Quality Excellent Good Fair Bad Card Offers Top Offers Limited Time Offers Best Credit Cards Rewards Cards Tools CardMatch™ WalletUp® Card Finder Free Credit Score Browse more tools CARDMATCH™ is a free, secure service that will not affect your credit score. Simply provide your basic information, and view offers that match your credit profile within seconds.
Neowin Login Sign up News Latest Microsoft Google Apple Software Android Wear 2.0 isn't coming to SmartWatch 3, confirms Sony 29 minutes ago Huawei P10 leaked in blue, gold and green ahead of Mobile World Congress reveal 1 hour ago Hip to be square: LG's G6 teaser shows how its unique 'Full Vision' display could work 3 hours ago Apple may ditch the home button for new "function area" 3 hours ago View all recent news Sticky Notes for Windows 10 now let's you make a new note from the taskbar 4 hours ago Microsoft Authenticator beta updated on iOS; now allows users to edit accounts 4 hours ago You can enter the Halo Wars 2 launch drawing for prizes and catch a live stream on the 16th 5 hours ago Halo Wars 2 limited edition prints will be available for sale starting February 16 5 hours ago View all Microsoft news Moto G5 and G5 Plus specs and pictures leak ahead of Mobile World Congress 13 hours ago Google I/O dates officially revealed; application process will start February 22 13 hours ago Google ordered to pay $20 million for Chrome's infringement of anti-malware patents 14 hours ago Samsung's Chromebook Plus is now available for pre-order Feb 15, 2017 View all Google news Apple may ditch the home button for new "function area" 3 hours ago Microsoft Authenticator beta updated on iOS; now allows users to edit accounts 4 hours ago Apple to oppose 'right to repair' law in Nebraska, saying users might hurt themselves 23 hours ago Apple releases the first trailer of its reality show 'Planet of the Apps' Feb 14, 2017 View all Apple news PicPick 4.2.3 11 minutes ago MusicBrainz Picard 1.4 13 hours ago WinSCP 5.9.4 14 hours ago Internet Download Manager 6.27 Build 5 15 hours ago View all software news Features Reviews Editorials Unboxings Trending Review: Amazfit Pace is an activity tracker that needs to hit the gym for some massive gains Feb 14, 2017 Review of Synology's Surveillance Station, a free IP camera tool for Synology NAS devices Feb 13, 2017 Oukitel U20 Plus review: Dual-lens camera for under $100 Feb 6, 2017 A review of the Oukitel U13 - jump in the low end Feb 6, 2017 View all reviews Looking back: In 2016, Microsoft became one of the most exciting companies in the tech world Dec 31, 2016 Redmond delights: 10 reasons to be excited about Microsoft's future Nov 14, 2016 Editorial - When replacing your Samsung Galaxy Note7, consider these replacement options Oct 16, 2016 Editorial - Horde 3.0 changed my mind about Gears of War 4 Sep 7, 2016 View all editorials Unboxing Logitech's new BRIO webcam, which supports Windows Hello, 4K streaming, and more Feb 12, 2017 First 24: Hands-on with Samsung's Gear S3 classic Nov 26, 2016 Spectre x360 (2016) unboxing and first impressions: HP may have a winner Nov 12, 2016 Alcatel IDOL 4S with Windows 10 unboxing and first impressions Nov 4, 2016 View all unboxings OnePlus does it again by releasing a truly cringeworthy ad Feb 15, 2017 Samsung releases 128GB "Black Pearl" S7 edge in New Zealand with bonus 256GB microSD card Feb 15, 2017 Microsoft: Windows 10 Mobile builds will keep coming "beyond release of the Creators Update" 16 hours ago Adobe Flash Player 24.0.0.221 Feb 14, 2017 View all trending news Forums Deals Recent Highlights Interests On a Budget Get this Microsoft Programming Certification Training Bundle for just $49 via Neowin Deals 19 hours ago Get a lifetime subscription to the Virtual Training Company for just $89 via Neowin Deals Feb 14, 2017 Get this Complete IT Cloud Architect Training Bundle for just $49 via Neowin Deals Feb 13, 2017 Become a Professional Python Programmer for just $11.70 via Neowin Deals Feb 10, 2017 View all recent deals Best Sellers Pay What You Want Gear + Gadgets Software Bundles View all Neowin Deals For Developers Productivity Accessories E-Learning View all Neowin Deals Under $20 Freebies Giveaways View all Neowin Deals More Subscribe Store Chat on IRC Send Tip Write for Neowin About Us Advertising Facebook Twitter Follow @neowinfeed Google+ Oracle files new appeal in seven-year battle over Google's 'fair use' of Java in Android By Andy Weir Senior News Editor Neowin LLC @gcaweir · Feb 13, 2017 with 36 comments For almost seven years, Oracle has been pursuing legal action against Google, in an effort to claim damages from the company over its unlicensed usage of Java components in the Android operating system. Google hasn't denied that it used Java software in Android, but it has maintained that it did so without violating any intellectual property laws. Last year, a court found that Google's use of Java APIs in Android constituted "fair use", which the company hailed as "a win for the Android ecosystem, for the Java programming community, and for software developers who rely on open and free programming languages to build innovative consumer products." Unsurprisingly, Oracle was rather less convinced by that ruling, insisting that Google had "developed Android by illegally copying core Java technology to rush into the mobile device market". It vowed "to bring this case back to the Federal Circuit on appeal." True to its word, Oracle has now done exactly that, filing with the US Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit on Friday, seeking to overturn last year's 'fair use' jury verdict. In its filing, Oracle referred to the integration of its Java APIs by Google as "classic unfair use". Last July, it referred to case law claiming that where a company "exclusively acquires conspicuous financial rewards" from the use of another company's IP, fair use considerations do not apply. Oracle said in its 155-page appeal on Friday that "Google reaped billions of dollars while leaving Oracle's Java business in tatters." Source: The Wall Street Journal (Paywall) Tags Google Oracle Android Java Fair use Copyright Intellectual property Like Tweet Share Share Report a problem with article Previous Story Microsoft is testing out the "Focused Inbox" feature for Windows 10 Mail Next Story Sonos to increase UK prices by up to 25%; says "existing pricing has become unsustainable" Advertisement Community Activity Refresh OnePlus does it again by releasing a truly cringeworthy ad in Front Page News Android Wear 2.0 isn't coming to SmartWatch 3, confirms Sony in Front Page News Oklahoma Man Arrested in Police "Chase" @ 208mph in a Mustang in The Neobahn Hip to be square: LG's G6 teaser shows how its unique 'Full Vision' display could work in Front Page News PicPick 4.2.3 in Front Page News Not just Surface Book: Microsoft raises Surface Pro 4 UK prices by up to 12% due to Brexit in Front Page News Microsoft commits to complying with the EU's GDPR across its cloud services by May 25, 2018 in Front Page News Half-Life 3 confirmed! Oh, wait... no, Valve staff is just messing with you in Front Page News Trending Stories OnePlus does it again by releasing a truly cringeworthy ad Feb 15, 2017 with 38 comments Samsung releases 128GB "Black Pearl" S7 edge in New Zealand with bonus 256GB microSD card Feb 15, 2017 with 5 comments Microsoft: Windows 10 Mobile builds will keep coming "beyond release of the Creators Update" 16 hours ago with 21 comments Adobe Flash Player 24.0.0.221 Feb 14, 2017 with 10 comments Related Stories Nvidia Shield Tablet updated to Android 7.0 Nougat Feb 9, 2017 The LG G6 reportedly won't have a Snapdragon 835 because Samsung bought them all Jan 24, 2017 Android One smartphones could be launching in the US Jan 18, 2017 LG debuts "Wish List" video that could hint at features for its next smartphone Jan 12, 2017 deals VPN Unlimited: Lifetime Subscription $499.99 $29.99 94% off Xamarin Cross Platform Development Bundle $1,046.00 $35.00 97% off Big Data and Hadoop Analytics Certification Bundle $799.00 $59.00 93% off The Complete Android N Developer Course - Build 17 Apps $200.00 $17.00 92% off Scrivener for Windows $40.00 $20.00 50% off Show Comments 36 Comments - Add comment Sort by oldest first (thread view) Sort by newest first (thread view) Sort by oldest first (linear view) Sort by newest first (linear view) Advertisement Report Comment Close Please enter your reason for reporting this comment. BBCode Helper Close The following codes can be used in comments. [b]bold[/b] [i]italics[/i] [u]underline[/u] [s] strikethrough[/s] [url]link[/url] [img]imageurl[/img] [quote]text[/quote] Company Contact Us About Us Write for Neowin Advertising Community Forums Subscribe Chat on IRC Neowin Deals Social Facebook Twitter Google+ YouTube DMCA Policy Terms of Use Privacy Statement © Since 2000 Neowin LLC. All trademarks mentioned are the property of their respective owners. Top of Page Login Close Username or email: Password Remember me Sign In Sign in with Facebook Sign in with Twitter Sign in with Google Sign in with Live ID Loading
Navigation Menu Social Media News Social Media News Social Media Help Facebook Help Twitter Help Google+ Help LinkedIn Help Instagram Help Pinterest Help Youtube Help Technology Technology News Tech Tips Apps & Software Gadgets Tablets Apple Kindle Samsung Internet Search Engine News Web Bing Google Yahoo Business Advertising Blogging Development Start Ups Mobile Android Blackberry iPhone Reviews Windows Phone Infographics Follow us on Twitter Follow us on Facebook Subscribe To Rss Feed Follow Us On Google+ Home » Google Maps is rolling out shareable lists feature—just like a social network Google Maps is rolling out shareable lists feature—just like a social network Home » Apps & Software » Google Maps is rolling out shareable lists feature—just like a social network Posted By Ola Ric on Feb 13, 2017 | 0 comments Share the joy                 Credit: https://arstechnica.com/business/2017/02/google-maps-makes-your-favorite-places-social-with-launch-of-shareable-lists/ Anyone familiar with Google knows that the tech giant is never scared to try its hands on something new. The highly innovative tech giant is always trying its hands on anything capable of keeping its users asking for more. This time around, the tech giant is rolling out a shareable lists feature to its popular Maps app. On Monday, Google announced that one of its popular features on Google Maps, important places, will be expanded to make the app work and feel more like social. The company made this known in a blog post on Monday. In the post, Google said the new shareable feature will let users to save locations to a number of lists and then share them with friends and family directly within the Maps app. “Starting today, you can create lists of places, share your lists with others, and follow the lists your friends and family share with you—without ever leaving the Google Maps app (Android, iOS),” Google said in a blog post on Monday. Getting started: To get started, all you have to do is open the Google Maps app and find any of your favorite spot. By simply tapping on the place name, the “Save” icon adds the place to one of several pre-set lists like “Want to Go” or “Favorites.” Using a BBQ spot as an example, Google said it you can add your favorite restaurant to a “new list that you name yourself, like “Finger Lickin’ BBQ.” To recall the lists you’ve created, go to Your Places (in the side menu) and then open the saved tab. Icons for the places you’ve saved to lists will appear on the map itself, so you’ll always know whether one of your must-try BBQ spots is nearby.” You can share your favorite spots across different social networks, popular messaging apps, email, and via text messages. The new feature offers a lot of fun—and as a matter of fact, “you can tap the share button to get a link and start flexing your local knowledge muscles” when your friends and families come into town. As soon as a link is sent out to your friends and families, they can tap “Follow” to pull up the list from Your Places whenever they need. Below is a shot video clip explaining how the new feature works in real life, according to Google: Now wait for this; every list you follow using the feature goes with you everywhere you take the Google Maps app to, and can also be viewed on mobile and desktop, as well as offline. You can even plan ahead of your next trip by downloading offline maps of the area in advance. This enables you to see all the places that have been added by you on the map. Saved locations in the list will appear on the map when you as long as you keep using Google Maps. The new feature is rolling out to all users today. However, you will only be able to make lists on Google’s mobile apps for iOS and Android. Share the joy                 Share this: Reddit Email Facebook Skype Twitter Tumblr Google LinkedIn More Pinterest Author: Ola Ric Ola Ric is a professional tech writer. He has written and provided tons of published articles for professionals and private individuals. He is also a social commentator and analyst, with relevant experience in the use of social media services. Share This Post On Google Facebook Twitter Search SocialBarrel.com Search for: Subscribe! Tools & Resources Create your online store with WixStores! Our Sponsor : Recent From Social Media News Signal users can now make encrypted video calls Feb 15, 2017 Facebook announces series of exciting video updates Feb 14, 2017 Disney And YouTube Red End Ties With PewDieDie Feb 14, 2017 Facebook testing pop-up post on desktop Feb 14, 2017 Facebook rolls out Happy Valentine’s Day virtual cards Feb 12, 2017 Home About us Our Team Privacy Contact Write for us Advertise With Us! A Venture Geeks project Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Skip to: Start of article Visually Open Nav. Go to Wired Home Page. Spanner, the Google Database That Mastered Time, Is Now Open to Everyone subscribe Open Search Field. Search Business culture Design Gear Science Security transportation photo video Photo Video Magazine WIRED INSIDER Future of Mobility Fallback Image Get The Magazine Subscribe now to get 6 months for $5 - plus a FREE Portable Phone Charger. Subscribe Get Our Newsletter WIRED's biggest stories, delivered to your inbox. Submit Thank You Invalid Email Follow Us On Twitter 9 hours 🎥 Photographer Guy Martin, travelled to Veles, Macedonia to dig into the heart of the fake news scandal.… twitter.com/i/web/status/8… Follow Follow Us On Facebook Don't miss our latest news, features and videos. Follow We’re On Pinterest See what's inspiring us. Follow Follow Us On Youtube Don't miss out on WIRED's latest videos. Follow Advertisement. Slide: 1 / of 1. Caption: Getty Images Skip Article Header. Skip to: Start of Article. Author: Cade Metz. Cade Metz Business Date of Publication: 02.14.17. 02.14.17 Time of Publication: 12:00 pm. 12:00 pm Spanner, the Google Database That Mastered Time, Is Now Open to Everyone Getty Images About a decade ago, a handful of Google’s most talented engineers started building a system that seems to defy logic. Called Spanner, it was the first global database, a way of storing information across millions of machines in dozens of data centers spanning multiple continents, and it now underpins everything from Gmail to AdWords, the company’s primary moneymaker. But it’s not just the size of this creation that boggles the mind. The real trick is that, even though Spanner stretches across the globe, it behaves as if it’s in one place. Google can change company data in one part of this database—running an ad, say, or debiting an advertiser’s account—without contradicting changes made on the other side of the planet. What’s more, it can readily and reliably replicate data across multiple data centers in multiple parts of the world—and seamlessly retrieve these copies if any one data center goes down. For a truly global business like Google, such transcontinental consistency is enormously powerful. Related Stories Cade Metz The Epic Story of Dropbox’s Exodus From the Amazon Cloud Empire Cade Metz Dell. EMC. HP. Cisco. These Tech Giants Are the Walking Dead Klint Finley Google’s Cloud Investments are Finally Starting to Pay Off Before Spanner, this didn’t seem possible. Machines couldn’t keep databases consistent without constant and heavy communication, and communication across the globe took much too long. You know, the speed of light and all that. Google’s engineers needed something like the the ansible, a fictional device that first appeared in Ursula Le Guin’s 1966 novel Rocannon’s World and became a sci-fi trope. The ansible can instantly send information across any distance, defying both time and space. Spanner isn’t the ansible. It can’t shrink space. But it works because those engineers found a way to harness time. No one else has ever built a system like this. No one else has taken hold of time in the same way. And now Google is offering this technology to the rest of the world as a cloud computing service. Google believes this can provide some added leverage in its battle with Microsoft and Amazon for supremacy in the increasingly important cloud computing market, just because Spanner is unique. And some agree. “If they offer it, people will want it, and people will use it,” says Peter Bailis, an assistant professor of computer science at Stanford University who specializes in massively distributed software systems. But as others point out: Few businesses have the same needs as Google. Trusting Time In the past, if you built a system that spanned hundreds of machines and multiple data centers, you followed an important rule: Don’t trust time. If a system involved communication between many machines in many different places, time would vary from machine to machine, just because time—precise time—is a hard thing to keep. Services like the Network Time Protocol aimed to provide machines with a common reference point. But this worked only so well, mainly because networks are slow. It takes time to send the time. For Google, this was a problem. If a database spanned multiple regions, it couldn’t ensure that transactions in one part of the world lined up with transactions in another. It couldn’t get a truly global picture of its operations. It couldn’t seamlessly replicate data cross regions or quickly retrieve replicated data when it was needed. So Google’s top engineers found a way to trust time. Related Video Game of Clouds: Dropbox Declares Independence From Amazon Part of the trick is that they equipped Google’s data centers with a series of GPS receivers and atomic clocks. The GPS receivers, much like the one in your cell phone, grab the time from various satellites orbiting the globe, while the atomic clocks keep their own time. Then they shuttle their time readings to master servers in each data center. These masters constantly trade readings in an effort to settle on a common time. A margin of error still exists, but thanks to so many readings, the masters can bootstrap a far more reliable timekeeping service. “This gives you faster-than-light coordination between two places,” says Peter Mattis, a former Google engineer who founded CockroachDB, a startup working to build an open source version of Spanner. Google calls this timekeeping technology TrueTime, and only Google has it. Drawing on a celebrated research paper Google released in 2012, Mattis and CockroachDB have duplicated many other parts of Spanner—but not TrueTime. Google can pull this off only because of its massive global infrastructure. A Changing World To be sure, a few others could build a similar service, namely Amazon and Microsoft. But they haven’t yet. With help from TrueTime, Spanner has provided Google with a competitive advantage in so many different markets. It underpins not only AdWords and Gmail but more than 2,000 other Google services, including Google Photos and the Google Play store. Google gained the ability to juggle online transactions at an unprecedented scale, and thanks to Spanner’s extreme form of data replication, it was able to keep its services up and running with unprecedented consistency. Now Google wants a different kind of competitive advantage in the cloud computing market. It hopes to convince customers that Spanner provides an easier way of running a global business, a easier way of replicating their data across multiple regions and, thus, guard against outages. The rub is that few businesses are truly global. But Google is betting its new service will give customers the freedom to expand as time goes on. Among them is JDA, a company that helps businesses oversee their supply chains, which is now testing Spanner. “The volume of data—and velocity with which that data is coming at us—is amplifying significantly,” says JDA group vice president John Sarvari. Spanner could also be useful in the financial markets, allowing big banks to more efficiently track and synchronize trades happening across the planet. And Google says it’s already in talks with large financial institutions about this kind of thing. Traditionally, many banks were wary of handling trades in the cloud for reasons of security and privacy. But those attitudes are softening. A few years ago, Spanner was something only Google needed. Now, Google is banking on change. Go Back to Top. Skip To: Start of Article. Amazon cloud databases google microsoft Spanner Skip Social. Skip to: Latest News. Share Share Tweet Comment Email Skip Social. Skip to: Latest News. Share Share Tweet Comment Email Skip Latest News. Skip to: Comments. Most Popular The Macedonian Teens Who Mastered Fake News media The Macedonian Teens Who Mastered Fake News Samanth Subramanian Spanner, the Google Database That Mastered Time, Is Now Open to Everyone Cloud Computing Spanner, the Google Database That Mastered Time, Is Now Open to Everyone Cade Metz Diehard Coders Just Rescued NASA’s Earth Science Data Climate Science Diehard Coders Just Rescued NASA’s Earth Science Data Megan Molteni How The New York Times Is Clawing Its Way Into the Future media How The New York Times Is Clawing Its Way Into the Future Gabriel Snyder The Nerdy Charm of Artisanal, Hand-Drawn Infographics Data Visualization The Nerdy Charm of Artisanal, Hand-Drawn Infographics Liz Stinson Encryption Apps Help White House Staffers Leak—and Maybe Break the Law encryption Encryption Apps Help White House Staffers Leak—and Maybe Break the Law Lily Hay Newman Google Fiber Sheds Workers As It Looks to a Wireless Future Broadband Google Fiber Sheds Workers As It Looks to a Wireless Future Klint Finley A Guide to Getting Past Customs With Your Digital Privacy Intact Security A Guide to Getting Past Customs With Your Digital Privacy Intact Andy Greenberg More Stories Skip Comments. Skip to: Footer. View comments Sponsored Stories Powered By Outbrain Powered By Outbrain More Business Broadband Google Fiber Sheds Workers As It Looks to a Wireless Future Klint Finley media Inside Blavity, the Startup on a Quest to Be the News Source for Black Millennials Carl Brooks Jr. media Journalism Fights for Survival in the Post-Truth Era Platforms PewDiePie’s Anti-Semitic Videos Put YouTube’s Business in a Bind Davey Alba Digital Divide Millions Need the Broadband Program the FCC Just Put on Hold Issie Lapowsky disasters A Wet Winter Is Overwhelming California’s Ancient Infrastructure Nick Stockton We Recommend Powered By Outbrain Get The Magazine Subscribe now to get 6 months for $5 - plus a FREE Portable Phone Charger. Subscribe Get Our Newsletter WIRED's biggest stories, delivered to your inbox. Submit Thank You Invalid Email Follow Us On Twitter 9 hours 🎥 Photographer Guy Martin, travelled to Veles, Macedonia to dig into the heart of the fake news scandal.… twitter.com/i/web/status/8… Follow Follow Us On Facebook Don't miss our latest news, features and videos. Follow We’re On Pinterest See what's inspiring us. Follow Follow Us On Youtube Don't miss out on WIRED's latest videos. Follow Get Our Newsletter WIRED's biggest stories, delivered to your inbox. Submit Thank You Invalid Email Follow Us On Twitter 9 hours 🎥 Photographer Guy Martin, travelled to Veles, Macedonia to dig into the heart of the fake news scandal.… twitter.com/i/web/status/8… Follow Follow Us On Facebook Don't miss our latest news, features and videos. Follow We’re On Pinterest See what's inspiring us. Follow Follow Us On Youtube Don't miss out on WIRED's latest videos. Follow Here’s The Thing With Ad Blockers We get it: Ads aren’t what you’re here for. But ads help us keep the lights on. So, add us to your ad blocker’s whitelist or pay $1 per week for an ad-free version of WIRED. Either way, you are supporting our journalism. We’d really appreciate it. Sign Up Already a member? Log in Thank You All of us at WIRED appreciate your support! Continue Wired Facebook Wired Twitter Wired Pinterest Wired Youtube Wired Tumblr Wired Instagram Login Subscribe Advertise Site Map Press Center FAQ Customer Care Contact Us T-Shirt Collection Newsletter Wired Staff Jobs RSS Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our user agreement (effective 3/21/12) and privacy policy (effective 3/21/12). Affiliate link policy. Your California privacy rights. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast.
× Thank you for Reading. Please log in, or sign up for a new account and purchase a subscription to continue reading. If you need help, please contact our office at 1-844-466-1451 or email acpdigital@ggl.bhmginc.com. Please purchase a subscription to continue reading. Your current subscription does not provide access to this content. Sign Up Log In Current Print or Digital Subscriber If you feel you have an active or inactive Print subscription with us, please click the "Click to verifty your account" button below. Free Verify account Not already a subscriber? If you need to purchase a subscription. × Let's Confirm You're In Our Delivery Area Sorry, this zipcode is not in our deliverable area for this subscription service. Re-enter zip code or sign up for digital access. Get digital access Please confirm you are in our delivery area Zip Code Cancel Confirm You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Traffic | Weather News Archive Today's ePaper Welcome, Guest Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Home Contact us Meet the Newsroom e-Paper Contests Events Calendar Email Newsletters Legal Notices Special Occasions Special Sections News Top Stories Breaking News Crime Casinos & Tourism Education Science & Nature Miss America Politics The Trump Files Traffic Weather News By County Atlantic City Atlantic County Cape May County Cumberland County Ocean County Sports High School College Eagles/NFL Flyers/NHL Phillies/MLB Sixers/NBA Auto Racing Boxing/MMA Fishing & Boating Living Food Health & Wellness Fitness Off The Clock Puzzles Comics Blog Miss America Explore The Shore Money Money Real Estate Stock Market Technology Opinion Our View Their View Your View Your Lawmakers At The Shore Headliners Events Nightlife Family Fun Arts Events Calendar Submit an event Miss America Obituaries Photos Video TV -30- Press Weather Center Winter Weather Find A Business Buy & Sell Jobs Autos Real Estate Classifieds Legal Notices Today's Ads Place an ad online Email Newsletters Subscribe Now! My Subscription Manage my subscription Manage my profile Manage my events e-Paper Reader Rewards Sign up for email The Press of Atlantic City • Today's ePaper • Need a subscription? • Get breaking news alerts in your inbox • Download The Press News App 35° Traffic | Weather Weather Center Living Search Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Toggle navigation Menu Jobs Autos Real Estate News Sports Money Living Opinion At The Shore Obits Photos Video TV -30- Food Wellness Off The Clock Puzzles Comics Blog Close 1 of 7 The Associated Press This Saturday, Feb. 11, 2017, image released by NBC shows host Alec Baldwin as President Donald Trump during the "Trump People's Court" in New York. In his spoof, President Trump made good on a tweeted vow to "see you in court" directed at the three Ninth Circuit federal judges who refused to lift a stay preventing his immigration ban from being enforced. His chosen venue: "The People's Court," where he was suing the three judges. (Will Heath/NBC via AP) The Associated Press Lady Gaga performs "Moth Into Flame" at the 59th annual Grammy Awards on Sunday, Feb. 12, 2017, in Los Angeles. (Photo by Matt Sayles/Invision/AP) Morry Gash FILE - In this Feb. 6, 2017, file photo, New England Patriots quarterback Tom Brady walks off with his MVP trophy during a news conference after the NFL Super Bowl 51 football game in Houston. Zoo Atlanta announced Monday, Feb. 13, 2017, that it named a baby cockroach after Brady. (AP Photo/Morry Gash, File) Matt Sayles FILE - In this Oct. 28, 2013 file photo, YouTube star Felix Kjellberg arrives at the premiere of "Ender's Game" in Los Angeles. Disney's Maker Studios and Google’s YouTube are distancing themselves from Kjellberg after he made jokes about anti-Semitism and posted Nazi imagery in his videos. Kjellberg, a Swedish YouTube star known as PewDiePie, with more than 53 million subscribers, rose to fame by posting gaming videos. (Photo by Matt Sayles/Invision/AP, File) Jordan Strauss FILE - This Oct. 20, 2016 file photo shows Robert Downey Jr. at the Los Angeles premiere of "Doctor Strange." Downey Jr. and Richard Linklater are teaming up to make a film adapted from a podcast.Megan Ellison’s Annapurna Pictures announced Monday, Feb. 13, 2017, that it will produce the untitled film, with Linklater directing and Downey Jr. starring. (Photo by Jordan Strauss/Invision/AP, File) The Associated Press FILE- In this Monday, Oct. 10, 2016 file photo, Iranian director Asghar Farhadi poses for his film "the Salesman" during the premier in Paris, Monday, Oct. 10, 2016. London's mayor says the British capital will hold a free outdoor screening of an Academy Award-nominated Iranian film whose director scrapped plans to attend the Oscars because of President Donald Trump's travel ban. (AP Photo/Michel Euler, File) The Associated Press This image provided by ABC shows Rachel Lindsay, who ABC named as its first black woman to be the “Bachelorette” for the 13th season of “The Bachelor” spinoff. The announcement came Monday, Feb. 13, 2017, on ABC’s “Jimmy Kimmel Live.” (Mitch Haaseth/ABC via AP) spotlight 'SNL' hits six-year ratings high, and other entertainment news MAXWELL REIL, Staff Writer Maxwell Reil Feb 14, 2017 (…) The Associated Press This Saturday, Feb. 11, 2017, image released by NBC shows host Alec Baldwin as President Donald Trump during the "Trump People's Court" in New York. In his spoof, President Trump made good on a tweeted vow to "see you in court" directed at the three Ninth Circuit federal judges who refused to lift a stay preventing his immigration ban from being enforced. His chosen venue: "The People's Court," where he was suing the three judges. (Will Heath/NBC via AP) The Associated Press Lady Gaga performs "Moth Into Flame" at the 59th annual Grammy Awards on Sunday, Feb. 12, 2017, in Los Angeles. (Photo by Matt Sayles/Invision/AP) Morry Gash FILE - In this Feb. 6, 2017, file photo, New England Patriots quarterback Tom Brady walks off with his MVP trophy during a news conference after the NFL Super Bowl 51 football game in Houston. Zoo Atlanta announced Monday, Feb. 13, 2017, that it named a baby cockroach after Brady. (AP Photo/Morry Gash, File) Matt Sayles FILE - In this Oct. 28, 2013 file photo, YouTube star Felix Kjellberg arrives at the premiere of "Ender's Game" in Los Angeles. Disney's Maker Studios and Google’s YouTube are distancing themselves from Kjellberg after he made jokes about anti-Semitism and posted Nazi imagery in his videos. Kjellberg, a Swedish YouTube star known as PewDiePie, with more than 53 million subscribers, rose to fame by posting gaming videos. (Photo by Matt Sayles/Invision/AP, File) Jordan Strauss FILE - This Oct. 20, 2016 file photo shows Robert Downey Jr. at the Los Angeles premiere of "Doctor Strange." Downey Jr. and Richard Linklater are teaming up to make a film adapted from a podcast.Megan Ellison’s Annapurna Pictures announced Monday, Feb. 13, 2017, that it will produce the untitled film, with Linklater directing and Downey Jr. starring. (Photo by Jordan Strauss/Invision/AP, File) The Associated Press FILE- In this Monday, Oct. 10, 2016 file photo, Iranian director Asghar Farhadi poses for his film "the Salesman" during the premier in Paris, Monday, Oct. 10, 2016. London's mayor says the British capital will hold a free outdoor screening of an Academy Award-nominated Iranian film whose director scrapped plans to attend the Oscars because of President Donald Trump's travel ban. (AP Photo/Michel Euler, File) The Associated Press This image provided by ABC shows Rachel Lindsay, who ABC named as its first black woman to be the “Bachelorette” for the 13th season of “The Bachelor” spinoff. The announcement came Monday, Feb. 13, 2017, on ABC’s “Jimmy Kimmel Live.” (Mitch Haaseth/ABC via AP) NEW YORK (AP) — NBC's comedy institution "Saturday Night Live" reached its largest audience since 2011 with last weekend's episode hosted by President Trump impersonator Alec Baldwin and featuring the return of Melissa McCarthy portraying White House press secretary Sean Spicer. The show reached 10.8 million viewers, the Nielsen company said. To put that in perspective, the late-night show had a bigger audience than all but four prime-time programs on TV last week. Among younger viewers, only the Grammys had better ratings. The viewership estimate is only a portion of their audience; it doesn't count millions of people who recorded the program for later viewing or watched clips of its skits online. McCarthy opened Saturday's show with her Spicer portrayal and Baldwin, who has been host for a show-record 17 times, rolled out his version of Trump appearing on "People's Court." Kate McKinnon also did an impersonation of Trump aide Kellyanne Conway in a "Fatal Attraction" type relationship with CNN's Jake Tapper; she also impersonated Jeff Sessions and Elizabeth Warren. It was the most-watched episode of "SNL" since Jan. 8, 2011, a show that featured Jim Carrey and the Black Keys. "SNL" ratings generally jump during election years and fade — but interest in the Trump administration has kept the numbers high. Celebrities condemn Texas 'bathroom bill' AUSTIN, Texas (AP) — Musicians Lady Gaga and Alicia Keys along with Oscar winner Jennifer Lawrence are among more than 140 artists and celebrities condemning a Texas "bathroom bill" targeting transgender people. Britney Spears and late-night host Jimmy Kimmel also signed a letter Tuesday criticizing the Republican-backed efforts as a "denial of basic human dignity." The bill would require people to use bathrooms that correspond to the sex on their birth certificate. It's similar to a North Carolina law that prompted rockers Pearl Jam and Bruce Springsteen to cancel concerts in that state last year. The Texas bill has yet to receive even a preliminary vote but public pressure is ratcheting up. Last week, the NFL suggested that Texas could be passed over for future Super Bowl sites if the proposal became law. Atlanta zoo names cockroach after Patriots' Tom Brady More than a week after the Falcons fell victim to the biggest comeback in Super Bowl history, an Atlanta zoo has named a cockroach after Patriots quarterback Tom Brady. Zoo Atlanta says on its Facebook page that it had a bet with Rhode Island's Roger Williams Park Zoo that called for the loser to name a baby animal after the winning team's star quarterback. Both zoos figured the loser would be pretty bitter about the game, so they agreed the animal in question would be a Madagascar hissing cockroach. The zoo introduced a whole family of cockroaches in a video Monday , including a tiny Tom Brady. Brady and the Patriots came back from a 25-point deficit to defeat Atlanta 34-28 in overtime to win the team's fifth Super Bowl title. Disney cuts ties with PewDiePie over anti-Semitic stunt Disney's Maker Studios and Google's YouTube are distancing themselves from a top YouTube star after he made jokes construed as anti-Semitic and posted Nazi imagery in his videos. Felix Kjellberg, known online as PewDiePie, has the most popular YouTube channel, with more than 53 million subscribers. The Swedish YouTube star rose to fame by posting videos of him playing and commenting about video games. More recently, he branched out into non-gaming videos that show him performing skits, stunts or making jokes. Disney, whose Maker Studios runs Kjellberg's channels and network, said he crossed the line with some of his videos. One video from January shows two Indian men paid by Kjellberg to hold up a sign that says "Death to all Jews." Kjellberg said the video was meant to demonstrate how far people will go if they get paid to do something, but he didn't think they would actually do it. Other videos show Nazi imagery in a satirical way. In blog post Kjellberg said he was making jokes, but realizes now that they were offensive. Kjellberg's channel was already part of Maker Studios when the Walt Disney Co. bought Maker in 2014 for $675 million. Maker contracts with individuals such as Kjellberg to produce videos for various YouTube channels. Kjellberg pulled the video showing the two men displaying the anti-Semitic sign, but it is excerpted in a Wall Street Journal video. Other videos still on the site show Nazi imagery being used satirically. Maker Studios said in a statement that while Kjellberg's channel is popular because he is irreverent and provocative, the studio is ending its affiliation with him because he went too far. YouTube spokeswoman Michelle Slavich said YouTube has canceled the release of the second season of Kjellberg's reality show "Scare PewDiePie" and removed the PewDiePie channel from its Google Preferred advertising program, which aggregates top YouTube content for advertisers to buy time on. Downey Jr., Linklater to make film based on podcast Richard Linklater and Robert Downey Jr. are teaming up to make a film adapted from a podcast. Megan Ellison's Annapurna Pictures announced Monday evening that it will produce the untitled film, with Linklater directing and Downey Jr. starring. It will be based on the episode "Man of the People" from the Reply All podcast. The episode, which aired in January, chronicles the true story of a doctor who scammed his way to fame and fortune, and the doctor who brought him down. Downey Jr. previously starred in Linklater's animated "A Scanner Darkly." The new film will be a break from Downey's Iron Man duties, which include the upcoming "Spider-Man: Homecoming" and next year's "Avenger's Infinity War." Linklater is also prepping "The Last Flag Flying" with Steve Carell and Bryan Cranston. London to screen Iranian Oscar nominee in message to Trump London's mayor says the British capital will hold a free outdoor screening of an Academy Award-nominated Iranian film whose director scrapped plans to attend the Oscars because of President Donald Trump's travel ban. Mayor Sadiq Khan said Tuesday that Asghar Farhadi's "The Salesman" will play in Trafalgar Square on Oscars day, Feb. 26, to celebrate London "as an international hub of creativity and as a beacon of diversity." "The Salesman" is nominated for best foreign-language film. After Trump temporarily barred citizens of Iran and six other majority Muslim nations last month, Farhadi said he would not attend the ceremony even if an exception were made. The ban has since been suspended by U.S. courts. Farhadi calls the London screening "a symbol of unity against the division and separation of people." ABC names first black "Bachelorette" LOS ANGELES (AP) — ABC has named a black woman as its "Bachelorette" for the first time in the show's history. Rachel Lindsay will lead the 13th season of "The Bachelor" spinoff. The announcement came Monday night on ABC's "Jimmy Kimmel Live." The news is somewhat of a spoiler for fans of the ongoing season of "The Bachelor." The 31-year-old attorney from Texas has yet to be eliminated from the dating show, where she is competing for the affections of Nick Viall. Nevertheless, Lindsay told Kimmel on Monday that she's ready to find love and a husband. She also encouraged the audience to send any interested suitors to apply for the show. "The Bachelorette" begins airing on ABC in May. Appellate court takes up 'Making a Murderer' inmate's case CHICAGO (AP) — A federal appeals court will consider the fate of a Wisconsin inmate featured in the Netflix series "Making a Murderer." Brendan Dassey was sentenced to life in prison in 2007 in the death of photographer Teresa Halbach two years earlier. Dassey told detectives he helped his uncle, Steven Avery, rape and kill Halbach in the Avery family's Manitowoc County salvage yard. A federal magistrate judge overturned Dassey's conviction in August. He ruled that investigators took advantage of Dassey's youth — he was 16 at the time — and cognitive problems to coerce his confession. The state of Wisconsin argues that detectives did nothing wrong. Dassey, now 27, has remained in prison pending the appeal. Avery was sentenced to life in prison in a separate trial. He's pursuing his own appeal. MTV's European music awards headed to London in November LONDON (AP) — MTV's Europe Music Awards are headed to London. The music broadcaster announced Tuesday that the 2017 edition of the EMAs will be held on Nov. 12 at the city's Wembley Arena. David Lynn, chief executive of MTV parent Viacom, says London is "arguably the world's musical epicenter" and the buzz of the awards will be "amplified tenfold" in the British capital. London Mayor Sadiq Khan says London is "the entertainment capital of the world" — a status he wants it to retain when Britain leaves the European Union. The EMAs take place in a different European city each year and were last held in London in 1996. Last year's ceremony was in the Dutch city of Rotterdam. Winners of the awards are selected by fans across the continent. Former wrestling executive Linda McMahon on track to SBA The Senate has confirmed former wrestling entertainment executive Linda McMahon to lead the Small Business Administration. The vote was 81-19 on Tuesday. Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell of Kentucky says McMahon will "prioritize growing jobs over growing government bureaucracy" and calls that a welcome change from Washington. McMahon served as the chief executive officer at World Wrestling Entertainment Inc. before stepping down to run twice for the Senate in Connecticut. She lost both races despite spending some $100 million. The two Democrats who defeated her — Richard Blumenthal and Chris Murphy — backed her nomination to lead the Small Business Administration. McMahon helped WWE grow from about a dozen employees into an enterprise with more than 800. Contact Staff Writer Maxwell Reil at 609-272-7258 or at mreil@pressofac.com Would you tattoo your significant other's name on your body? Only three months into her relationship, the tattoo artist tried to talk her out of it. On Valentine's Day, a tribute to comics' greatest couples Valentine’s Day is here, and we at Wednesday Morning Quarterback are suckers for romance. Wi… Bassnectar two-day music festival in mystery location coming in April ATLANTIC CITY — DJ and music producer Bassnectar announced a two-day music event to take pla… Atlantic City beer festival in the running for 'Best Beer Festival' again The Atlantic City Beer & Music Festival is again up to be voted as the Best Beer Festiva… Off the Clock: A love letter to Brand New from reporter I’ve always found you can not only tell much about a person from the music they like, you ca… 'Avengers: Infinity War' now seems like an even more intriguing movie Marvel Studios is gleefully tipping its hand early for its next Avengers films — with the clear aim to pull us into its larger, big-stakes game. Tags Abc Rachel Lindsay The Bachelorette Making A Murderer Mtv European Music Awards Linda Mcmahon The Salesman Travel Ban Trump Farhadi Robert Downey Jr Richard Linklater Reply All Podcast Man Of The People A Scanner Darkly Iron Man Spider Man Avengers The Last Flag Flying Steve Carell Bryan Cranston Pewdiepie Anti-semetic Disney Youtube Maker Studios Popular Youtubers Sba Small Business Administration Mcmahon Tom Brady Patriots Atlanta Zoo Cockroach Bathroom Bill Texas Lady Gaga Alicia Keys Britney Spears Jimmy Kimmel Bruce Springsteen Pearl Jam Broadcasting Events Politics Felix Kjellberg Show Sadiq Khan Video Alec Baldwin Brendan Dassey Screening Maxwell Reil I’ve written for multiple publications including Levittown Now, Passyunk Post, Philadelphia Neighborhoods,Temple News and JUMP Magazine. I’ve covered arts, entertainment, business, music, sports and local government. Experienced in videography. Follow Maxwell Reil Close Get email notifications on Maxwell Reil daily! Your notification has been saved. There was a problem saving your notification. Whenever Maxwell Reil posts new content, you'll get an email delivered to your inbox with a link. Email notifications are only sent once a day, and only if there are new matching items. Save Manage followed notifications Follow Maxwell Reil Close Followed notifications Please log in to use this feature Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today Welcome to the discussion. Keep it Clean. Please avoid obscene, vulgar, lewd, racist or sexually-oriented language. PLEASE TURN OFF YOUR CAPS LOCK. Don't Threaten. Threats of harming another person will not be tolerated. Be Truthful. Don't knowingly lie about anyone or anything. Be Nice. No racism, sexism or any sort of -ism that is degrading to another person. Be Proactive. Use the 'Report' link on each comment to let us know of abusive posts. Share with Us. We'd love to hear eyewitness accounts, the history behind an article. Popular on PressofAC.com Former Egg Harbor Township woman killed in apparent Oklahoma triple murder-suicide Galloway man caught in N.Y. in triple-slaying case; second suspect ex-EHT man Atlantic City Fire captain sends would-be burglar to hospital Parents upset they weren't notified about EHT student with knife, "kill list" How a German submarine attack forever changed Cape May Upcoming Events ​ ​ Browse Today's events Submit Feb 16 CMC Library - Yoga for Beginners Thu, Feb 16, 2017 @ 9:30 am Feb 16 From the Page - Book Art Thu, Feb 16, 2017 @ 9:30 am Feb 16 Free Yoga and Meditation for Cancer Recovery Thu, Feb 16, 2017 @ 9:30 am More contests Press of Atlantic City Contests Win tickets to The Captain's Table at the Atlantic City Boat Show! loading... Featured Businesses Max Gurwicz & Son Enterprises 331 Tilton Rd, Northfield, NJ 08225 609-646-0420 JR'S Fresh Market 3121 Fire Rd, Egg Harbor Township, NJ 08234 609-383-3663 Balsley Losco Realty Carl Losco 1630 New Rd, Northfield, NJ 08225 609-646-3207 D'amato Law Firm 2900 Fire Rd, Ste 200, Egg Harbor Township, NJ 08234 609-926-3300 BH Digital Marketing Services 1000 West Washington Ave., Pleasantville, NJ 08232 877-773-7724 Room For Escape LLC 112 Woodland Ave Suite 202 , Somers Point, NJ 08244 609-904-2610 Find a local business Latest Local Offers Coupon Copiers Plus | Office Equipment | Commercial Printers | Document Services | Ocean City NJ | Truck and Trailer Lettering & Wrapping Coupon Special Offer Coupon Berkshire Hathaway Home Services | Robert Shamberg | Homes For Sale | Galloway NJ | Offer Sections News Sports HSLive Living Money Opinion Obituaries At The Shore Photos Videos Weather Traffic Online Features Services About Us Contact Us Meet the Newsroom Subscribe Now Manage My Subscription Advertise With Us Place A Classified Ad All Access FAQ Contractor Join Our Team Contact Information PressofAtlanticCity.com 1000 West Washington Ave. Pleasantville, NJ 08232 Phone: 1-877-773-7724 Email: SubscriberServices@pressofac.com The Press of Atlantic City, Pleasantville, NJ © 2017 BH Media Group, Inc. | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy
Menu CIO CloseCIO In-depth Big Data BPM Budgeting Business Continuity Business Intelligence C-Suite Perspectives Change Management Cloud Consumerisation of IT Infrastructure Innovation IT Value KM/Storage Mobile/Wireless/Convergence Project Management Risk Management Security Vendor View Resources Career CIO Executive Council e-Mags Events Media Releases News Newsletters PartnerZones Slideshows Videos Whitepapers Industries Education Finance Government Login Forgot password? Sign up now to get free exclusive access to reports, research and invitation only events. LinkedIn Twitter YouTube Facebook Google Plus Send Us E-mail Privacy Policy [Updated 3 Mar 14] Advertising CSO Subscribe to emails Subscribe to IDG Publications Contact Us Menu CIO Google’s new cloud service is a unique take on a database Google’s new cloud service is a unique take on a database Google Cloud Spanner provides users with a highly available database running on Google's infrastructure Blair Hanley Frank (IDG News Service) 15 February, 2017 04:00 - - - - print email Comments IDG Google has turned a database service that it uses to run some of its mission-critical products into an offering for its public cloud customers. On Tuesday, the company launched Cloud Spanner, a new, fully managed database that’s supposed to provide the transactional consistency of a traditional database plus the scalability and performance of a NoSQL database. It’s based on the same systems that run the company’s own Spanner database internally. Usually, businesses have to pick either a traditional or a NoSQL database, and each comes with particular trade-offs. Traditional databases provide better transactional consistency, but can be hard to scale. NoSQL databases are better at scaling but sacrifice consistency. Cloud Spanner is designed to reduce those trade-offs, and it's also delivered as a fully managed service. Among other things, that means Google will manage hardware, software and replication of content for a database that can span multiple data centers. The service will be useful for companies that need millisecond-level consistency in their databases worldwide, according to Nick Heudecker, a research director at Gartner. In an interview, he called out financial services and advertising as two industries that might benefit from Cloud Spanner. Heudecker did point out that the service will require companies to port existing applications, which may prove challenging. Google is working with partners to help customers move over, according to Deepti Srivastava, the product manager for Cloud Spanner. Cloud Spanner has generated more interest than most new Google services, based on response to a closed alpha test, Srivastava said. Cloud Spanner grew out of a project that began in 2007, when a team of Google employees set out to solve the problem of choosing between NoSQL and traditional databases. That led to a paper, published in 2012, describing the company’s Spanner database, which uses a number of novel techniques, including atomic and GPS clocks inside data centers to maintain time consistency. Spanner is used to operate Google services like AdWords and Google Play. According to the company, it can handle tens of millions of queries per second. That pedigree is a feature of Cloud Spanner that appealed to Peter Bakkum, the platform lead at Quizlet. The education software company, which offers a popular set of study tools for students, is evaluating how to scale its database infrastructure. Quizlet has been testing Cloud Spanner since the closed alpha phase and may end up using the service to replace its existing setup of MySQL databases. Refactoring Quizlet’s applications to use Cloud Spanner will require work, but that's true of all the possible upgrade paths, Bakkum said. “We need a fundamentally different architecture to do scaling, and any of those solutions have a difficult migration path,” he said. Cloud Spanner’s popularity may be throttled somewhat by Google’s position in the cloud market. While the company has been aggressive in releasing new capabilities and improving its services to attract new customers, its use still lags behind that of Amazon Web Services and Microsoft Azure. Using Cloud Spanner means bringing data to Google’s cloud platform and building an application that targets it. While some companies are comfortable working with multiple cloud providers, not all of them are. That said, Gartner's Heudecker said Google is the only major cloud provider offering a product like this one and it will be hard for rivals to catch up. “Cloud Spanner is not just software,” Heudecker said. “It is the union of software, hardware — in the form of atomic clocks in Google’s data centers — and an incredibly robust network connecting their data centers together. So it’s not just writing code. It’s a lot of investment and a lot of operational expertise that Google excels at.” Right now, Cloud Spanner instances can only exist in one of Google's cloud regions, though they'll be replicated across multiple availability zones inside those regions. In the future, Cloud Spanner customers will be able to have one database that's kept in sync across multiple regions. 6 Styles of Customer Analytics More from Gartner Join the CIO Australia group on LinkedIn. The group is open to CIOs, IT Directors, COOs, CTOs and senior IT managers. Join the CIO newsletter! Join Error: Please check your email address. Tags Google More about Amazon Web ServicesGartnerGoogleMicrosoftMySQL Editor's Recommendations Mind the (expectation) gap The ultimate test: Inside Cricket Australia's digital transformation Opinion: Are the ATO and Census failures just the tip of the iceberg? ​Australia is not a screw-up nation ​Is Apple under threat? How operational resilience helped RBA survive a siege Web Events Digitally remastering your business Impact of Project Prioritisation Let the Data Centre Transformation Begin - with Flash Storage Read more Gartner Partner Zone Latest Blog Posts Digital disinterest David Bartlett Why best practice is risky Rob Livingstone Open Government, how ready is Australia? Rory Gregg Related Whitepapers Three Ways to Get Started with Hadoop CIO Forum in Association with Dell Technologies SECURITY, DURABILITY AND USABILITY TARGET HP’S FLAGSHIP CONVERTIBLE AT BUSINESS USERS EMC Isilon Scale-Out Data Lake Foundation Latest Jobs Digital Communications Manager NSW Group Director Information Services WA Senior Business Analyst - HRIS QLD Network Specialist - IPAM Telco VIC Project Manager - Adelaide based NSW Life/400 Resource - Permanent NSW Technical Support Representative NSW Project Scheduler VIC Technical and Client focussed Product Analyst QLD IT Procurement Officer NSW Show all jobs Show Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Read next ​Humans playing big role in data breaches: report Updated: GHD boosts global business network, links 50 new remote sites ​Will ransomware attackers target critical infrastructure next? CSO Online In pictures: CIO Summit Melbourne In pictures: CIO50 launch party Booted up in 1993, this server still runs -- but not for much longer Market Place Participate in this market research and go into the draw to win a Lego Death Star, (valued at $999). Answer 5 quick questions and you could win a Lego Mindstorm EV3, (valued at $499). WIN a HTC Vive Kit valued at $1399, take this 3 minute survey for your chance to WIN! 6 cities | 20 exhibitors | International & local keynotes | Hear from Mark Loveless 'Simple Nomad' & Jeff Lanza Former FBI - Save your seat at CSO Perspectives Roadshow CSO US legislation revived to curb warrantless geolocation tracking What happens if your thermostat is hacked? Researchers name the top 7 security threats A.I. faces hype, skepticism at RSA cybersecurity show Bruce Schneier: Public-service technologists are needed to tame the IoT Yahoo warns users of account breaches related to recent attacks Computerworld South Australia aims to cut costs with CSC deal Regulated roaming ‘unambiguously bad’ for regional Australia, Telstra CEO says Digital and data drive earnings at Origin Energy Telstra registers profit drop in first half Microsoft quietly prolongs life of original Windows 10 ARN CSC wins landmark South Australian Government IT outsourcing deal New partners join Federal Govt's cloud services panel Digital growth drives $70M revenue for RXP Services “Intense” competition impacts Telstra’s financials Melbourne IT forks out for $67M Outware acquisition Techworld US legislation revived to curb warrantless geolocation tracking 5G progress at Ericsson could help enterprises work worldwide A.I. faces hype, skepticism at RSA cybersecurity show Bruce Schneier: Public-service technologists are needed to tame the IoT Microsoft quietly prolongs life of original Windows 10 CMO CMO's top 8 martech stories for the week - 16 February 2017 Toyota gets a new CMO following Brad Cramb's departure Telstra sees dip in NPS, financial results How digital transformation opened a new customer segment for Kennards Hire Tourism Australia CMO: Data is about gaining efficiency in marketing Send Us E-mail Privacy Policy [Updated 3 Mar 14] Advertising Books CSO Subscribe to emails IDG registered user login Subscribe to IDG Publications Contact Us Copyright 2017 IDG Communications. ABN 14 001 592 650. All rights reserved. Reproduction in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of IDG Communications is prohibited. IDG Sites PC World GoodGearGuide Computerworld CMO CSO Techworld ARN CIO Executive Council IDG Education IDG Government IDG Health
Don't Miss: CW@50: A look back at Y2K in cartoons 5 new threats to your personal data Newsletters Resources/White Papers Search computerworld Sign In | Register Hi! Here are the latest Insider stories. Smackdown: Office 365 vs. G Suite productivity 3 enterprise-strength file sync services to check out Smartphone CPUs put desktops to shame Quarter of firms can't fill open infosec positions More Insider Sign Out Search for Suggestions for you Insider email Cloud Computing All Cloud Computing Cloud Security Cloud Storage Hybrid Cloud Private Cloud Public Cloud Computer Hardware All Computer Hardware Apple Mac Chromebooks Computer Peripherals Computer Processors Solid State Drives Windows PCs Consumerization of IT All Consumerization of IT Bring Your Own Device (BYOD) Home Tech Personal Technology Data Center All Data Center Data Storage Disaster Recovery High-Performance Computing (HPC) Infrastructure Management Sustainable IT Virtualization Emerging Technology All Emerging Technology 3D Printing Artificial Intelligence Car Tech Environment Internet of Things Robotics Space Technology Wearables Enterprise Applications All Enterprise Applications Application Development Big Data Business Intelligence (BI) CRM Collaboration Data Analytics Database Management Desktop Apps Enterprise Architecture Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP) Java Development Open Source Social Business Software as a Service (SaaS) Unified Communications (UC) IT Management All IT Management Digital Transformation H-1B IT Careers IT Industry IT Outsourcing IT Project Management IT Skills & Training Technology Law & Regulation Internet All Internet E-commerce Search Social Media Web Apps Web Browsers Mobile & Wireless All Mobile & Wireless Android Apple iOS Mobile Apps Mobile Device Management Mobile Payments Mobile Security Smartphones Tablets Windows 10 Mobile Wireless Carriers Networking All Networking Network Security Servers Wireless Networking Operating Systems All Operating Systems Chrome OS Linux MacOS Windows 10 Security All Security Application Security Cyberattacks Cybercrime & Hacking Data Privacy Data Security Encryption Endpoint Security Malware & Vulnerabilities Vertical IT All Vertical IT Financial Services IT Government IT Healthcare IT Retail IT Small Enterprise IT All Topics News Features Reviews Blogs Opinions Insider Shark Tank Slideshows Video Digital Magazine Digital Downloads Newsletters Computerworld Events Resources/White Papers × Close Home Security News Forget the network perimeter, say security vendors Google’s 'BeyondCorp' network security model is starting to influence security offerings By Lucian Constantin | Follow Romania Correspondent, IDG News Service | Feb 14, 2017 8:13 AM PT Email a friend To Use commas to separate multiple email addresses From 
		     Privacy Policy Thank you Your message has been sent. Sorry There was an error emailing this page. Credit: Jonathan Velasquez/Unsplash More like this New year's resolution for IoT vendors: Treat LANs as hostile Ransomware became one of the top threats to enterprises this year Check Point SandBlast takes endpoint protection to another level Video IT security: 3 things you need to know now What if all your company’s computers and applications were connected directly to the Internet? That was the assumption behind BeyondCorp, a new model for network security that Google proposed back in 2014, and it’s one that’s starting to get some attention from networking and security vendors. Enterprises have moved beyond the traditional workspace in recent years, allowing employees to work remotely by using their personal devices and accessing apps in private or public clouds. To bring roaming workers back into the fold, under the security blanket of their local networks, companies rely on VPNs and endpoint software to enforce network access controls. Google's BeyondCorp approach to enterprise security takes the focus away from the network perimeter and puts it on devices and users. It doesn't assign higher or lower levels of trust to devices based on whether they're inside the internal network or not. Some security vendors have already started to embrace this no-trust-by-default security model. Duo Security, a two-factor authentication provider, launched its own BeyondCorp-inspired offering last week, and enterprise software startup ScaleFT has had dynamic access management service based on the same principles for a while. [ Further reading: When it comes to security, trust but verify ] Even networking and security appliance manufacturers like Cisco Systems have begun moving what were traditionally perimeter security gateways into the cloud to better serve roaming employees. Duo Security's new Duo Beyond service consists of a software package that serves as an authentication gateway for all of a company's web-based applications, whether they're hosted inside the local network or in the cloud. It can be deployed in the company network's demilitarized zone (DMZ) and provides a single sign-on service that enforces device and user-based access policies. Duo Beyond assumes a zero-trust environment for all devices by default, regardless of whether they're connecting from within the enterprise network or from the outside. That said, it does provide administrators with the ability to differentiate between corporate devices and personal devices by deploying Duo certificates to those that are managed by the company. This device identification process has several benefits. It allows for the easy discovery of new devices that are used to access corporate applications, which helps companies create and maintain accurate inventories that include employees' personal devices. It also allows restricting access to certain applications or accounts to company-managed devices where a certain degree of security can be guaranteed. The service can also check the security state of a connecting device by looking at whether it's running the latest OS and browser version, whether the browser plug-ins are up to date and, in the case of mobile devices, whether encryption and passcode enforcement are turned on. This allows administrators to create fine-grained access rules based on device "health" and ensure that only reasonably secure devices can access company applications, even if those devices are owned and managed by the employees themselves. Duo Security doesn't expect customers to completely give up on VPNs if they deploy Duo Beyond, but based on the company's experience so far, customers can cut down VPN licensing costs by up to 80 percent. That's because most roaming employees only use VPN connections to access a few popular intranet web applications like Confluence, Jira or Sharepoint. The Duo Beyond service is priced at $9 per user per month and includes everything in the company's older Duo Access service, plus the new certificate-based device identification and the mechanism for controlling which internal apps are accessible by remote users. Moving towards a BeyondCorp security model, where the location of devices does not matter, can help companies avoid having to raise virtual walls inside their networks. Network segmentation, which relies on setting up firewalls and VLANs to restrict access to certain applications and services, is not easy to implement and can quickly become an administrative burden. In fact, as evidenced by many publicly documented security breaches, attackers often succeed in moving laterally inside a network once they break in. Most hackers start with targeting low-level employees through phishing or other methods and then, once inside a network, jump from system to system, exploiting vulnerabilities and stealing access credentials along the way until they reach the organization's crown jewels. Google's own network was breached in late 2009 as part of a cyberespionage campaign of Chinese origin known as Operation Aurora. The hackers, who started by targeting the company's employees, sought access to the Gmail accounts of human rights activists. Other security vendors are embracing BeyondCorp too, and, while there are differences in the implementation, the general goal is the same: Moving security beyond a strictly defined network perimeter. Duo Beyond works only for web-based applications, and its device insight technology is agentless. The information about a laptop's OS, browser and plug-ins is obtained through the browser itself. This approach limits what kind of information can be gathered, but Duo believes that it strikes the right balance between security and usability, since convincing users to install company-mandated software on their personal devices can be problematic. By comparison, another company called ScaleFT provides a BeyondCorp-inspired solution called Dynamic Access Management that works for SSH (Secure Shell) and RDP (Remote Desktop Protocol), remote access protocols for Linux and Windows servers. ScaleFT's service does requires the installation of client software that synchronizes short-lived access certificates and handles device enrolment and local account creation. Pushed by the need to address the issue of roaming employees, BYOD and software-as-a-service, some networking vendors have even started to move security appliances outside the network perimeter and into the cloud. On Monday, Cisco Systems announced what it calls the first Secure Internet Gateway (SIG), which is based on the cloud-based OpenDNS Umbrella service that the company acquired in 2015. "A SIG provides safe access to the internet anywhere users go, even when they are off the VPN," Cisco said in a blog post. "Before you connect to any destination, a SIG acts as your secure onramp to the internet and provides the first line of defense and inspection. Regardless of where users are located or what they’re trying to connect to, traffic goes through the SIG first." If this new way of thinking of enterprise security catches on it might even help speed up the adoption of IPv6, which is held back partly by fears that it could punch holes through network perimeters and because many companies still have old firewalls and equipment that don't have proper support for it. To express your thoughts on Computerworld content, visit Computerworld's Facebook page, LinkedIn page and Twitter stream. Related: Security Bring Your Own Device (BYOD) Private Cloud Networking Lucian Constantin is an IDG News Service correspondent. He writes about information security, privacy, and data protection. 10 super-user tricks to boost Windows 10 productivity You Might Like Shop Tech Products at Amazon What Readers Like China reminds Trump that supercomputing is a race China said it plans to develop a prototype of an exascale supercomputer by the end of this year,... Project Fi has a powerful bonus feature hidden in plain sight Why you should start using Google Keep right away Newsletters Sign up and receive the latest news, reviews and trends on your favorite technology topics. Get our daily newsletter Go Say goodbye to the MS-DOS command prompt It had a good 36-year run, but its day is done. Trump eyes an H-1B visa aimed at ‘best and brightest’ President Donald Trump is considering a new way of distributing the H-1B visa to ensure they go to the... BrandPostsLearn more Sponsored by VMware AirWatch Mobile Email Evolution: The Security Mandate Popular Resources Go Top Stories Maryland lawmaker seeks to unveil H-1B employers A Maryland lawmaker wants to require businesses in Maryland to report the number of employees they have... Who are your customers? You think you know, but it can be trickier to determine than we tend to think. Here’s some guidance. 10 tips for helming IT through ups and downs Impending mergers, ultrafast growth and sharp dips all put pressure on IT leaders to make quick... DARPA: We’re on cusp of merging human and machine Within three to five years, researchers could have a device that helps people with brain injuries form... Sponsored Links Online Master of Science in Information Systems at Northwestern University INSTANTLY dtSearch® TERABYTES OF FILE+EMAIL+DB+WEB DATA; reviews/evals Use integration, automation, & intelligence to outsmart cybercriminals. Computerworld The Voice of Business Technology Follow us Cloud Computing Computer Hardware Consumerization of IT Data Center Emerging Technology Enterprise Applications IT Management Internet Mobile & Wireless Networking Operating Systems Security Vertical IT All Topics News Features Reviews Blogs Opinions Insider Shark Tank Slideshows Video Newsletters Computerworld Events Resources/White Papers About Us Contact Privacy Policies Editorial Calendar Advertising Careers at IDG Site Map Ad Choices E-commerce Affiliate Relationships Copyright © 2017 IDG Communications, Inc. Explore the IDG Network descend CIO Computerworld CSO Greenbot IDC IDG IDG Connect IDG Knowledge Hub IDG TechNetwork IDG.TV IDG Ventures Infoworld IT News ITwhitepapers ITworld JavaWorld LinuxWorld Macworld Network World PC World TechConnect TechHive This ad will close in 20 seconds. Continue to site »
Technology & Business Gizmodo Kotaku Lifehacker Business Insider Lifestyle & Shopping POPSUGAR ShopStyle Who What Wear Byrdie MyDomaine Kin Community | Log in / Sign up Reviews Reviews Camera Reviews GoPro Hero5: The Gizmodo Review Canon PowerShot G7 X Mark II: Australian Review Impossible Project I-1 Polaroid Camera: The Gizmodo Review Leica's Waterproof X-U Camera: The Gizmodo Review Car Reviews BMW i3 REx: Australian Review Volvo S90: Australian Review 2016 Holden Astra: Australian Review Driving The Epic 2017 Nissan GT-R Phone Reviews Oppo R9s: Australian Review Motorola Moto Z: Australian Review Battle Of The Cheap Smartphones: OnePlus 3T Vs LeEco Le Pro3 LG V20: Australian Review PC Reviews SCUF Infinity1 And Infinity4PS Pro Controllers: The Australian Review iKBC F87 Australian Review: No Frills, No Fuss Origin PC Chronos: Australian Review LG 27UD88 4K FreeSync Monitor: Australian Review Smartwatch Reviews Huawei Fit: The Gizmodo Review Apple Watch Nike+: Australian Review The Pebble 2 Is Now The Only Fitness Tracking Smartwatch You Need Fitbit Charge 2 Review: The Best Fitness Tracker, Period Gadgets Reviews DJI Mavic Pro 4K Drone Review: So Close To Terrific URB-E Electric Scooter: Australian Review This Folding Bike Has Built-In GPS To Track Your Rides This Handheld Scanner Was Supposed To Change My Life, But I've Never Been More Disappointed In A Gadget Gaming Reviews Noblechairs' Gaming Chair Is For Firm Butts And Deep Pockets The Astro A50s Are Good Headphones With A Great Wireless Station Razer's eSports Gear Didn't Make Me Want To Play An eSport, But It Sure Is Nice Anyway Call of Duty: Infinite Warfare: Australian Review Entertainment Reviews An Audiophile-Grade Stereo Setup For Just $1500 Legion Isn't Just A Good Superhero Show: It's A Great Show, Period Suspiria Is Just As Terrifying And Fantastic Now As It Was 40 Years Ago Jabra Elite Sport: Australian Review An Audiophile-Grade Stereo Setup For Just $1500 Samsung's New Chromebook Is A Nearly Perfect Budget Laptop Oppo R9s: Australian Review Legion Isn't Just A Good Superhero Show: It's A Great Show, Period Gadgets This Black Series Poe Dameron Helmet Is Too Small For Adults And It's Super Unfair While Kids Teach Beauty And The Beast's Belle How To Dance, This Doll Teaches Them How To Code This New Wearable Version Of Simon Will Have You Swatting At Your Face Lightning Earbuds With A Built-in Charging Making Avoiding Wireless Slightly Easier Mobile The White House Finally Convinced Me To Start Using A Secure Messaging App Australian Banks Tell Apple: We Just Want Your NFC The Nokia 3310 Was A Frickin' Tank It Looks A Whole Lot Like The Next iPhone Will Have Wireless Charging Car Tech Myer Melbourne Is Getting A Tesla Showroom The Most Dedicated Mechanics In The World Wrench On The Streets Of Hong Kong Toyota Is Building A Real-Life Tonka Truck Uber Has A Murder Problem Online YouTube Stars' Defence Of PewDiePie Is Garbage Watch A Redback Spider Fight A Brown Snake Report: Sad Yahoo Deal Somehow Gets Even Sadder Match.com Bets That Watching The Walking Dead's Zombies Will Make People Want To Screw Science & Health The Amount Of Oxygen In The Ocean Has Dropped Thanks To Humans This Sea Monster News Is Really Messing Me Up The Winners Of NASA's Space Poop Competition Are Full Of Ideas  Why The Most Controversial 2020 Mars Rover Landing Site Is Also The Most Exciting Cameras Bali In 360-Degree 4K Looks Better Than It Ever Has Camera With Lens Made From 32,000 Drinking Straws Takes The Eeriest Photos Genius Professor Turns His Classroom Into A Giant Pinhole Camera Lady Gaga's Halftime Superbowl Show Was Lit By Intel Drones Computing How To Build The Ultimate Movie And Music Server How To Painlessly Run Windows On Your Mac Logitech's Brio Is A 4K, HDR, Face-Unlocking Webcam Ask Giz: Why Are Some Blu-ray Discs Bendy? Gaming Here Are The Dates For PAX Australia 2017 Watching Swamp Thing Beat The Crap Out Of Damian Wayne In Injustice 2 Is Immensely Satisfying The Atari Flashback Has 101 Built-In Games (And You Can Buy It Right Now) Valentine's Day (When Your Partner Loves Virtual Reality More Than They Love You) Entertainment When Will A Black Actor Get To Have Their Deadpool Moment?  Agents Of SHIELD Dives Into Total LMD Madness Logan Clip Teases X-23's Brutal Origins Mel Gibson Might Direct Suicide Squad 2 Toggle navigation Reviews Camera Reviews Car Reviews Phone Reviews PC Reviews Smartwatch Reviews Gadgets Reviews Gaming Reviews Entertainment Reviews Gadgets Mobile Car Tech Online Science & Health Cameras Computing Gaming Entertainment An Audiophile-Grade Stereo Setup For Just $1500 Telstra TV Is The Fastest-Growing Streaming Box In Australia, Apparently YouTube Stars' Defence Of PewDiePie Is Garbage Watch A Redback Spider Fight A Brown Snake Ford Is Spending $1 Billion On A New Self-Driving Car Project Rae Johnston Feb 13, 2017, 2:00pm ⋅ Filed to:  ai Argo argo ai Australian Stories autonomous car autonomous vehicles ford google uber Share Image: Supplied Argo AI is the focus of a one billion investment over the next five years from Ford, in a bid to collaborate on the car maker's autonomous vehicle offering. The artificial intelligence company is founded by the former leaders of the self-driving car teams of Google and Uber, and will include roboticists and engineers developing a new software platform (with potential for licensing) for Ford's fully autonomous vehicle, coming in 2021. Bryan Salesky, ex-Google and Argo AI CEO, and Peter Rander, ex-Uber and Argo AI and both are alumni of Carnegie Mellon National Robotics Engineering Center. Ford President and CEO Mark Fields said of the announcement "The next decade will be defined by the automation of the automobile, and autonomous vehicles will have as significant an impact on society as Ford's moving assembly line did 100 years ago." "As Ford expands to be an auto and a mobility company, we believe that investing in Argo AI will create significant value for our shareholders by strengthening Ford’s leadership in bringing self-driving vehicles to market in the near term and by creating technology that could be licensed to others in the future." The current team developing Ford's virtual driver system – the machine-learning software that acts as the brain of autonomous vehicles – will be working with the team from Argo AI, creating the virtual driver system for Ford's SAE level 4 self-driving vehicles scheduled for release in 2021. "We are at an inflection point in using artificial intelligence in a wide range of applications, and the successful deployment of self-driving cars will fundamentally change how people and goods move," Salesky said in a statement. "We are energized by Ford's commitment and vision for the future of mobility, and we believe this partnership will enable self-driving cars to be commercialised and deployed at scale to extend affordable mobility to all." Ford's executive vice president of Global Product Development, chief technical officer Raj Nair said "Working together with Argo AI gives Ford a distinct competitive advantage at the intersection of the automotive and technology industries. "This open collaboration is unlike any other partnership – allowing us to benefit from combining the speed of a startup with Ford's strengths in scaling technology, systems integration and vehicle design." Ford Smart Mobility LLC will lead on the commercialisation strategy for Ford's self-driving vehicles, including choices for using autonomous vehicles to move goods and people, such as ride sharing, ride hailing or package delivery fleets. Ford will be the majority stakeholder in Argo AI, but the company says that Argo AI "has been structured to operate with substantial independence". "Its employees will have significant equity participation in the company, enabling them to share in its success," Ford said in a statement. "By the end of this year, Argo AI expects to have more than 200 team members, based in the company's Pittsburgh headquarters and at major sites in Southeastern Michigan and the Bay Area of California." Comments Be the first to comment on this story! Log In Sign Up Guest Access Be the first to comment on this story! Cancel Reply Log In / Sign Up Name Email You are starting a new discussion. You are replying to a comment. Cancel Edit × Comment Voting Up Votes Down Votes × Only logged in users may vote for comments! Please log in or register to gain access to this feature. No Thanks Log In Sign Up × Get Permalink Close Trending Stories Right Now Australian Banks Tell Apple: We Just Want Your NFC Rae Johnston 14 Feb 2017 12:15 PM Bendigo and Adelaide Bank, Commonwealth Bank of Australia, National Australia Bank, and Westpac are attempting to gain permission from the Australian Competition and Consumer Commission (ACCC) to negotiate as a group for access to Apple Pay and the Near Field Communication (NFC) function on iPhones. No, scratch that - they'd just be happy with the NFC, actually. Why The NBN Isn't Selling Gigabit Internet Yet Bill Morrow, NBN 15 Feb 2017 9:45 AM This op-ed from NBN's chief executive Bill Morrow is being posted to the National Broadband Network company's blog today, and is being republished here in full by Gizmodo. Do you agree with his explanation? Do you disagree? Let us know in the comments. Want Gizmodo's email newsletter? Subscribe Have a tip? Contact our editors! Latest Deals Deals: You Can Now Stream Your Favourite Shows From Anywhere Deals: Become A Pro Data Analyst With This R Programming Bundle Deals: Today Only! Save 70% On These Online Courses Deals: These Magnetic Wireless Headphones Are Perfect For Hassle Free Listening Trending Articles 1 Australian Banks Tell Apple: We Just Want Your NFC 2 Why The NBN Isn't Selling Gigabit Internet Yet 3 YouTube Stars' Defence Of PewDiePie Is Garbage 4 John Wick 2 Finally Has An Australian Release Date 5 An Audiophile-Grade Stereo Setup For Just $1500 This Black Series Poe Dameron Helmet Is Too Small For Adults And It's Super Unfair While Kids Teach Beauty And The Beast's Belle How To Dance, This Doll Teaches Them How To Code This New Wearable Version Of Simon Will Have You Swatting At Your Face When Will A Black Actor Get To Have Their Deadpool Moment?  The Latest Marvel Legends Set Is A Guardians Of The Galaxy All-Star Team Behold, Frankenstein's Star Wars Ships More Details About AMD's Ryzen CPU Are Starting To Come Out DC's Newest Young Animal Series Is A Deep, Deep Jack Kirby Cut Maintain Your Relationship By Treating It Like A Bank Account How To Buy, Prepare And Enjoy Raw Fish Be More Productive By Sitting Next To Someone Who Works Hard Briefly: Nioh Review, Solo Travel, Yoga Hacker Shares in one of Britain's biggest aerospace firms are down 20% after it issued a 5th profit warning in 2 years Trump's Nato ultimatum has shattered a key pillar of May's Brexit plans An ex-RBS employee and customers have accused the bank of fraud, document manipulation, and forgery REPORT: The EU is terrified that Brexit will allow people to sell 'British Champagne' © 2007-2017 Allure Media About Advertise Contact Terms of Use Gizmodo International × Log in to Gizmodo Username or Email Password Remember me Login Don't have an account? Create one here Forgot your password? Click here to reset × Sign up to Gizmodo User Details @ This is your permanent identity for Gizmodo, Kotaku and Lifehacker Australia. Your email must be valid for account activation Minimum of 8 standard keyboard characters Subscriptions Email newsletters will contain a brief summary of our top stories, plus details of competitions and reader events. Gizmodo Newsletter Kotaku Newsletter Lifehacker Newsletter Yes, I wish to receive exclusive discounts, special offers and competitions from our partners. Send Activation Email Already have an account? Log in × Reset Password Email Reset Password Back to login × Gizmodo International Gizmodo US Gizmodo UK Gizmodo Spain Gizmodo Brazil Gizmodo Japan Close
Go To AutoGyaan TrendPolice EatBurpRepeat About iGyaan Contact / Tip Us! Privacy & Disclaimer Advertise Jobs Home Reviews Tech Mobile Apps and Software Camera Design Gadget Social Media Facebook Twitter Google Plus Instagram YouTube Business Apple Samsung Google Home Reviews   Read More Lenovo P2 Review CompareComparing... Editor's Pick Lenovo P2 Review Samsung Gear IconX Review : Good Wireless Earphones Apple iPhone 7 Review OnePlus 3 Review Popular Now Apple iPhone 7 Review iBerry Auxus Nuclea N1 Review Lenovo P2 Review OnePlus 3 ReviewMore Mobile   Read More Must Read:Nokia will pay Homage to the 3310 and Launch the Nokia 3 and 5 at MWC 2017   Read More Must Read:Moto G5 and G5 Plus to Be Cheaper and Made out of Metal   Read More HTC Leak Shows an iPhone 3G Lookalike Budget Android   Read More Must Read:Xiaomi Mi 6 to Sport an Under-clocked Snapdragon 835 thanks to Samsung   Read More Must Read:LG G6 Render Leaks Ahead of MWC Launch   Read More Lenovo P2 ReviewMore Android Wearables   Read More Samsung Launches the Gear S3 in India for Rs. 28,500   Read More Apple Introduces New Apple Watch Series 2   Read More After SmartPhones Xiaomi Wants You To Buy Their Budget VR Headset   Read More Google Wants to Make its Own Watch Too   Read More Apple updates to WatchOS 3   Read More Apple WWDC 2016 : What to ExpectMore Gadget   Read More Best Headphones Under Rs.800   Read More Samsung Gear IconX Review : Good Wireless Earphones   Read More Must Read:HP Touchpad Yet Lives Gets Android N   Read More Apple AirPods Are Wireless EarPods with 5 Hours of Wireless Audio   Read More Xiaomi Wants to Clean Your House with the Mi Robot Vacuum Cleaner   Read More Samsung Also Launches a New Gear VRMore Camera   Read More GoPro Launches Hero 5 and Karma Drone   Read More The Moto Z Just Got a Thousand Times Sexier with This Hasselblad Attachment   Read More Must Read:Canon 5D Mark IV Shoots 4K Video Comes with Wi-fi   Read More Apple iPhone 7 Could Feature Dual-Lens Camera Setup   Read More Oppo Teases Upcoming Camera Centric R9 Smartphone   Read More Samsung Galaxy S7’s Dual Pixel Technology ExplainedMore Computing   Read More Must Read:Code Like a Pro With BitBucket Git Solution CompareComparing... Editor's Pick Must Read:Code Like a Pro With BitBucket Git Solution Lenovo Yoga Book Windows Coming to India 13th December New MacBook Pros On Sale in India Starting 129,900 With the Surface Studio Microsoft just made the Most Creative Desktop Ever Popular Now With the Surface Studio Microsoft just made the Most Creative Desktop Ever Exclusive : HP Pavilion DV6 6017tx Core i7 Laptop Pre-Release Hands-On, Unboxing with Video New MacBook Pros On Sale in India Starting 129,900 Mi Notebook Air is Xiaomi’s Thinner and Cheaper Answer to the Macbook AirMore Let's Game   Read More Samsung Curved Quantum Dot Monitors Are Intended For Gamers CompareComparing... Editor's Pick Samsung Curved Quantum Dot Monitors Are Intended For Gamers Sony Announces PlayStation 4 Pro With 4K HDR Gaming and PS4 Slim New Watch Dogs 2 Walkthrough Shows Awesome Free Open World and Multiplayer Best Gaming Accessories of 2015 Popular Now Top 5 HD Games That Will Push Your Flagship to its Limit Sony Announces PlayStation 4 Pro With 4K HDR Gaming and PS4 Slim XOLO Brings Out its Gaming Phone, The 8x-1200 GTA 5 Preorders Begin with Major Graphical Upgrades for PS4, Xbox One and PCMore Gaming GearNintendoOthersPlaystationXBOX Videos   Read More Lenovo P2 Launched in India Starting Rs. 16999 – Unboxing and Hands On CompareComparing... Editor's Pick Lenovo P2 Launched in India Starting Rs. 16999 – Unboxing and Hands On Xiaomi to Launch Redmi Note 4 in India on 19th January Moto M Goes on Sale in India Up to Rs. 15,000 Discount on Exchange OnePlus 3T Unboxing Popular Now LG G2 Giveaway : iGyaan The Most Mega iGyaan 6 Year Anniversary Giveaway Xiaomi to Launch Redmi Note 4 in India on 19th January Top 10 Tech Under Rupees 1000More   Sections Home Reviews Mobile Android Wearables Gadget Camera Computing Let's Game Gaming Gear Nintendo Others Playstation XBOX Videos   Mobile CompareComparing... 1819 Google May Bring Multi-User Support to Android Smartphones by Parul Ritvik SoodAugust 7, 2014 35 Now Reading Google May Bring Multi-User Support to Android Smartphones Browse This Page Article Rating Comments Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Google may bring multiple user support to Android smartphones. The feature was mentioned by a Google project member in an official developer forum. In a discussion thread regarding multiuser functionality in Android handsets, the Google employee posted the following reply to forum members: “The development team has implemented this feature and it will be available as a part of the next public build.” Although the statement isn’t exactly specific, but “the next public build” refers to Android L, unless Google is planning to introduce the feature in another minor KitKat update, which seems unlikely. Already available on Android tablets, the multi-user feature will surely make owners of Android smartphones a tad less wary of leaving their devices to others, especially children. It would also be useful to small businesses who want to create separate accounts for their office and home without investing in enterprise-managed mobile devices. Google introduced Android L at this year’s Google I/O. Google has already made the developer preview available. As of now the update is available only for the Nexus 5 and Nexus 7. According to reports Moto X and G will be first in line getting Android L updates. Android L is expected to be launched later this year, although no clear date has been mentioned yet. Motorola vice president of product management Punit Soni recently responded to a Google+ query on the smartphone receiving the L update. “Moto X is still going to get Android L (5.0) right?,” asked a user, to which Punit Soni simply responded, “Yup”. likethis What's your reaction? Awesome 0% Epic 0% Like 0% I Want This 0% Meh 0% Posted In Android, Google, Latest Tags android l android l About The Author Parul Ritvik Sood iGyaan Network's newbie, Parul is a Writer, Poet, Reader and Mass Communication Graduate with great interest in startups and entrepreneurship. 44 comments   Get Livefyre FAQ Sign in + Follow Post comment   Link Newest | Oldest robetmichell 5pts Thank you for this, will looking for this feature on android M http://www.latestcouponportal.com/amazon-customer-care-contact/ Jamesh_stier 5pts This is already available on nexus rooted phone. And get the latest offers for shopclues http://dealsdunia.in/store/shopclues-coupons-code/ tanktrouble 5pts http://bejeweledfull.com http://tanktrouble6.com  Sure, it’s a good thing to enjoy your work, but there is such a thing as enjoying it too much. payalh6 5pts Nice article....get coupon codes and best Flipkart offers at <a href="http://www.voucherscode.in/">Voucherscode</a>. pradapmba 5pts Get your updated coupons and deals from www.offerya.in http://offerya.in/store/voonik/ http://offerya.in/store/freecharge-coupons/ http://offerya.in/store/myntra/ http://offerya.in/store/mobikwik/ Jamesh_stier 5pts This is already available on nexus rooted phone. And get the latest offers for shopclues http://www.dealsdunia.in/stores/shopclues tatkalirctctickets 5pts Nice post, Thanks for sharing. <a hrref="http://www.tatkalirctc.com/">Tatkal Booking</a> JitendraKumar4 5pts Get upto 70% off on Zivame Premium Lingerie (Bra, Panties, Bikini, Innerwear, Swimwear, Undergarments) http://www.couponzip.com/store/zivame-coupons/ JeanieIn1 5pts Get top coupons for shopping below: http://jeanie.in/category/snapdeal/ http://jeanie.in/category/shopclues/ http://jeanie.in/category/paytm/ http://jeanie.in/category/jabong/ http://jeanie.in/category/flipkart/ http://jeanie.in/category/zivame/ sita1598 5pts Usage of smartphones have increased a lot. I personally use my smartphone to browse some informative news website like yahoo.com/news, for images of nails http://www.fashionlady.in/hello-pyts-we-have-some-beautiful-nail-art-designs-for-you/45908/2 vletuknow 5pts Get Snapdeal and Purplle coupons below http://vletuknow.com/store/snapdeal-com http://vletuknow.com/store/purplle-com smile53 5pts Really looking forward for this feature in Android M. http://www.couponzeta.in/voylla-coupons Amardeep Mandrekar 5pts If i'm not mistaken the patent for multi user tech on data enabled devices is with nokia right?? Amardeep Mandrekar 5pts If i'm not mistaken the patent for multi user tech on data enabled devices is with nokia right?? Yashwanth Sam 5pts blackberry already has it.... Yashwanth Sam 5pts blackberry already has it.... Joel Mishra 5pts Flipkart offers Flat Rs. 13,500 OFF on Samsung S4 Zoom http://www.grabon.in/coupon-codes/?cid=4414 Joel Mishra 5pts Flipkart offers Flat Rs. 13,500 OFF on Samsung S4 Zoom http://www.grabon.in/coupon-codes/?cid=4414 Samrat Rahaman 5pts boom boom google Samrat Rahaman 5pts boom boom google Ramesh Chandra 5pts It's already there in Nexus rooted phone Ramesh Chandra 5pts It's already there in Nexus rooted phone Kòöl Krish 5pts ol Google may update Android whenever they want but most of our phones are struck at 4.1 JB without official updates. Google needs to force manufacturers to update every qualified device. Kòöl Krish 5pts ol Google may update Android whenever they want but most of our phones are struck at 4.1 JB without official updates. Google needs to force manufacturers to update every qualified device. Sougata Kundu 5pts Bad idea. Sougata Kundu 5pts Bad idea. Satyanjoy Das 5pts finalllyy Satyanjoy Das 5pts finalllyy Wesly Vutala 5pts These news from igyaan are always interesting... ;-) Wesly Vutala 5pts These news from igyaan are always interesting... ;-) Jeera Chaudhari 5pts What is a use? What a crap Jeera Chaudhari 5pts What is a use? What a crap sumeetbharankar 5pts Avinash Chandra Thanks for the info n thanks for helping too :D I wish they push a upgrade for Moto E too! Harsha Vardhan 5pts bring multi window support ,it will be more helpful Harsha Vardhan 5pts bring multi window support ,it will be more helpful Karunakar Patro 5pts Nice bro Karunakar Patro 5pts Nice bro Avinash Chandra 5pts sumeetbharankar They are not sure about that but Moto G and Moto X will surely get it 200% sumeetbharankar 5pts What abt Moto E? its getting and upgrade too right? Avinash Chandra 5pts @sumeetbharankar They are not sure about Moto E but Moto G and Moto X will surely get it 200%.  According to Wiki and thier page they said " Motorola has committed to upgrading the Moto E to the next major release of Android following its release."  So there are 50-50 chances. sumeetbharankar 5pts @Avinash Chandra Thanks for the info n thanks for helping too :D I wish they push a upgrade for Moto E too! sumeetbharankar 5pts What abt Moto E? its getting and upgrade too right? Ronak Manek 5pts Manan Vira Nihar Brahmbhatt Ronak Manek 5pts Manan Vira Nihar Brahmbhatt You might also like android lAndroid   Read More Nexus Owners Get Ready! Android 5.0 Lollipop Officially Rolls Out Today   Read More Nexus 9 to Launch Today, Will be the First Device to Run Android L   Read More New Leak Confirms Nexus X Specs and Reveals an Important Detail about Android L   Read More Leaked Documents Reveal Android L May Be Called ‘Lemon Meringue Pie’   Read More More Details About the Android L Powered Nexus 8 Revealed   Read More Moto X Confirmed to Receive Google’s Android L Update Join Us Socially ▲ 6660 ... Fans Like ▲ 108 ... Followers Follow ... Fans Follow ▲ 147 ... Followers Follow ▲ 1203 ... Subscribers Subscribe ... Subscribers Subscribe ... Followers Follow ▲ 2 ... Posts ▲ 7 ... Comments ... Fans Love us Latest Video iGyaan on Instagram Load More... Follow on Instagram Tweets by @igyaan Latest Videos   Lenovo P2 Review Read More   Samsung Gear IconX Review : Good Wireless Earphones Read More   Apple iPhone 7 Review Read More   OnePlus 3 Review Read More Sponsored Recent Comments Anonymous on Nokia will pay Homage to the 3310 and Launch the Nokia 3 and 5 at MWC 2017 Anonymous on Moto G5 and G5 Plus to Be Cheaper and Made out of Metal Anonymous on Google May Bring Multi-User Support to Android Smartphones Anonymous on Nokia will pay Homage to the 3310 and Launch the Nokia 3 and 5 at MWC 2017 Anonymous on Nokia will pay Homage to the 3310 and Launch the Nokia 3 and 5 at MWC 2017 iGyaan On Instagram Load More... Follow on Instagram Navigation About iGyaan Contact / Tip Us! Privacy Policy DIsclaimer AutoGyaan TrendPolice Eat Burp Repeat Copyright © 2016 iGyaan Network, All Rights Reserved. /* ]]> */ Compare Go
  SOFTPEDIA® DESKTOP Windows Games Drivers Mac Linux MOBILE Android APK Phones Tablets WEB Webscripts Web Browsers NEWS Softpedia > News > Mobile World FLASH SALE: VDownloader      50% OFF! Android Instant Apps Rolling Out to Some Smartphones and Apps GO The feature will start rolling out globally soon Feb 14, 2017 13:26 GMT  ·  By Alexandra Vaidos  ·  Share:  Last month, we reported that Google started a limited live trial for Instant Apps, after announcing the new feature during last year’s edition of Google I/O. Now it seems that some users can already enjoy the feature and Wish seems to be the first app to employ it. The whole concept behind Instant Apps is to allow users to open and use applications from anywhere, without having to actually install them first. Google has been slowly but surely testing the feature, which has started to be made available to more and more users. According to Ausdroid, Instant Apps doesn’t work for anyone, but some users can set it up and try it easily. They simply need to go to the Settings menu on Android phones, tap Google Settings, find Instant Apps setting and tap the switch to enable it. Users must read and agree to the terms and conditions before the feature can be enabled. Instant Apps is already available to a number of services Instant Apps seems to be available for Wish, BuzzFeed, Periscope and Viki for the time being, while it should reach other options soon. Users simply need to search for Wish’s website in their browser and get the option to use an Instant App. The application opens instantly, without having to download it from Google’s Play Store. Instant Apps feature on Android It seems that whenever users tap on a link, Google Play checks if an Instant App exists and runs it without installation. Instant Apps are kept on the device temporarily, they should take up little space, but it’s unclear after how much time they’re automatically removed. According to some reports, Instant Apps can be enabled on Google’s Nexus and Pixel phones running on Android Nougat. Google is expected to expand the service to other smartphones as well, but that might take a while. Google has already advised developers to update their existing Android apps and integrate the new Instant Apps functionality. They would need to modularize apps so parts of them can be downloaded and run instantly.   CHECK OUT THE GALLERY  (2 Images) #Android#Instant Apps#Google#Android Nougat#Pixel subscribe feedly old reader newsblur digg reader rss feed reddit it! flip it share it tweet it Google Instant Apps (2 Images) 01 02 Related  ·  Hot right now  ·  Latest news Google Maps Gets Favorite Places Lists and Sharing Options Google Play Store vs Apple’s App Store - A Comparison Google Enables iMessage-like Feature for Some T-Mobile Users Google Tests Android Instant Apps in Limited Live Trial Apple’s iPhone 8 to Ditch Home Button in Favor of Virtual Capacitive Buttons No New Windows 10 Cumulative Updates Coming This Month After All Apple Edges Out Samsung to Become Top Global Smartphone Vendor in Q4 Microsoft Extends Support for Original Windows 10 Version Yahoo Notifies Users of More Malicious Activity Apple Files Patent for Manual Winding Mechanism for Apple Watch Microsoft Promises It Will Update Windows 10 Mobile Beyond Redstone 2 Apple’s iPhone 8 to Ditch Home Button in Favor of Virtual Capacitive Buttons 2 photos    Instant Apps for Android new android apps PowerDirector APK: Updated February 16th, 09:37 GMT Network Master APK: Updated February 16th, 09:32 GMT Camera360 Lite APK: Updated February 16th, 09:30 GMT Devilian APK: Updated February 16th, 09:22 GMT Universal TV Remote Control APK: Updated February 16th, 09:20 GMT Donald Draws: Executive Doodle APK: Updated February 16th, 09:18 GMT DragonVale World APK: Updated February 16th, 09:16 GMT Reader comments Sony "Pikachu" Smartphone with 21MP Camera Surfaces on GFXBench more on: Sony i softpedia®     Like 202K    +1 56K     Follow 13K © 2001-2017 Softpedia. All rights reserved. Softpedia® and the Softpedia® logo are registered trademarks of SoftNews NET SRL. Privacy Policy news tip feedback      
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: Paypal and Alphabet Spell it Out for Investors We're breaking down quarterly results from two Fool favorites, Alphabet and PayPal. We hit the headline numbers, key metrics, and dig through management's comments to catch all the info investors need to know. Sarah Priestley and Dylan Lewis (TMFSarahp) Feb 14, 2017 at 12:11PM Two big heavyweights of the tech industry, PayPal (NASDAQ:PYPL) and Alphabet (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL), reported their fourth-quarter results earlier this month, and Motley Fool analysts Dylan Lewis and Sarah Priestley have dug through the reports. In this episode of Industry Focus: Tech, they share the most interesting points from both reports, from the most important earnings numbers to little Q&A gems that shed some light on each companies' long-term plans, and more.  A full transcript follows the video. This podcast was recorded on Jan. 27, 2017. Dylan Lewis: Welcome to Industry Focus, the podcast that dives into a different sector of the stock market every day. It's Friday, Jan. 27, and we're breaking them quarterly results from PayPal and Alphabet. I'm your host, Dylan Lewis, and I'm joined in the studio by fool.com tech editor Sarah Priestley. Sarah, how's it going? Sarah Priestley: It's good, it's a pleasure to be here, thank you for having me. Lewis: Are you excited for pizza day? Priestley: I am very excited. It's going to derail my New Year's resolutions, but that's OK. [laughs]  Lewis: That's a callback to your episode with the Vincent Shen. Are you finding that the Apple Watch is being helpful? Priestley: Yes. It's definitely reminding me at 9 p.m. that I have done 0 steps, so I just end up walking around my living room like a crazy person. Lewis: I do that when I'm on the phone all the time. That's how I get my exercise in. Priestley: That's probably a good idea, yeah. Lewis: So, Sarah, a ton going on in tech this week, the next couple weeks with earnings. Two pretty followed Fool companies reported yesterday after the bell. We dug into the reports and are ready to talk about them. You did some of the heavy lifting with PayPal; I dug into Alphabet. Why don't we talk about PayPal first. How did the results look? Priestley: To give you an overview for the fourth quarter, earnings came in at $0.42 per share. $2.9 billion in revenue. Operating revenue was a little higher than expected at 21%. Transactions were $1.8 billion. But the volume was below expected. Expected was $100 billion and they delivered $99.3 billion. And that is why share prices are down about 3.5% this morning. So, it seems like a slight overreaction when you dig into their numbers. But, yeah, that's the reason for the share price falling. Lewis: And that's really one of the core metrics that investors tend to focus on for them as a company, right? Priestley: Absolutely. They really are measured on engagement, so number of customers, and engagement of those customers, and the key metrics for those. Lewis: Looking beyond some of the top line numbers, what else popped up to you in the report? Priestley: The operating margin for the fourth quarter was down to 15.4%. The reason that we're commenting on this is that that's a lot, it takes up a lot of room in the bullish theses, that the new partnerships they've started with a lot of the banks, Visa, Mastercard, they're going to really pressure their margins down. Lewis: Is the thought there that they're working with very big institutions and big players, and they just don't have the negotiating room that they might with some smaller players?  Priestley: Absolutely. That's part of it. And also, it's just the standard transaction payment. It's the same thing for Square and other payment processors; it's a standard transaction amount on card processing. So, that 15.4% compared to 16.1% in the fourth quarter of last year -- you can see, that's quite a decline there. Management has talked about the fact that they are really doing everything they can to leverage their other income against this. And I feel like they've done a pretty good job. Their CEO, Dan Schulman, has said that they won't be a slave to quarter-to-quarter margin performance. Lewis: Which is something we like to hear as Foolish investors. Priestley: That's very true. And, I would also comment that the management team is really being driven for their compensation package on the long-term performance of this stock, and I think that really shows in their reporting. They're focused on free cash flow in their projects, and what they're delivering to their customers. Just to give you a couple of the year-over-year figures: Earnings per share for the year increased 15% to $1.15. Non-GAAP was $1.50 on guidance of $1.45 to $1.50. That's pretty good. Revenue for the full year was up 17%, and 21% on a currency-neutral basis, and they guided for 19%, so they really beat that. Lewis: Like Alphabet, their fiscal Q4 comes with the calendar Q4, so we were able to look at full year results here, and not just the quarterly results. What's going on with total payment volume? I know that's something that people really like to focus on with them. Priestley: Yeah, absolutely. If we had seen total payment volume less than 25%, I think we would have seen a bigger decline in the stock price. Luckily, for the fourth quarter, payment volume was up 25%. As I said, the actual processed amount was $99.3 billion, which missed the expectations. Interestingly, the majority of this was pushed by international. International expanded 27%. The U.S. was 23%.  Lewis: And for the unacquainted, total payment volume is just the gross amount that they are helping to facilitate. Priestley: Yes. The way to look at this is, the total payment volume is the number of payments that they process. Then, the transaction is the amount that they process. So, they're averaging about $56 per transaction right now. That's slightly down from $60 that they were averaging a couple quarters ago. But it's still very good. Lewis: So, for the amount per transaction to be down, they must be doing more total transactions to be making it up in volume and still be seeing growth, right? Priestley: Yes, you're exactly right. I will also comment that, of their transactions in their Q4, $100 billion was mobile payments, which is an increase of 55%, and it's almost a third now of their transactions processed. Which is fantastic, and I think the management team has really isolated that as an opportunity for the company. That's where they're going to really demonstrate their industry leadership. The market is moving toward mobile, and they're really pioneering in the mobile industry. Lewis: So what can people expect looking forward, either first quarter of 2017 or further out, broadly in 2017? Priestley: Absolutely. I'll look for 2017 quarter four revenue we're expecting to grow on a currency neutral basis 16% to 18%. That gives you a range of $2.9 billion to $2.95 billion. That was actually slightly more conservative than some analysts were expecting, which played into their share price performance today. But full-year performance is strong, revenue growth 15% to 17% and 17% to 19% currency neutral, which gives you about $12.45 billion to $12.65 billion. Lewis: Is there anything to worry about with some of these numbers that we're looking at, that management growth projections are different than what the market is expecting? Because, they are still very much in growth mode as a business, and I know that early on, those projections, if they start to decelerate at all, can start to scare people off a little bit. Priestley: I think they have been fairly conservative in some of their estimations, because they really do have a huge potential with the mobile traffic. I think, if you look at some of their projects that they're working on now, Venmo has increased 100% year over year. It was Time Magazine's best app, it's processed $5.6 billion, which was up 126%. So, I think they have a huge potential with a lot of the projects they're working on; they've experienced huge growth. The problem with these is that they are not monetized yet. And an analyst actually raised the question in the earnings call: "Is your projection in 2017 building in some of the expectations for monetizing this, and also Xoom?" which is their international money transfer program. They dismissed this. They said it was pushing out to 2018, some of the opportunities, and that they will be focused on growth. So, I think, for 2017, these might be conservative estimates. But for 2018, we might actually start to see the fruits of that labor. Lewis: Yeah, and you said, 55% of what was being processed, broadly for the business, was coming from mobile. When you look at Venmo specifically, that is almost entirely mobile. It's more peer-to-peer. There are some questions about whether or not they will be able to monetize that very well, and what that might look like, because me giving you $5 because you bought me lunch the other day, they don't really take anything on that. Priestley: No, they don't. And something to say is, it's becoming a hugely crowded market. I think PayPal, to some degree, has a first-mover advantage, but they're definitely not the biggest player in this industry. The banks have gotten together and created clearXchange, which is a peer-to-peer payment which is also free right now. It's owned by the banks, so it has a lot of clout. Whether or not people pick it up to the rate that they've picked up Venmo, which is hugely popular with millennials, a lot of our friends use it all the time, we use it. Also, Apple. Apple has grown hugely. Tim Cook in his last earnings call -- so, this is a bit outdated -- said that 75% of swiping transactions were from Apple Pay. Lewis: Wow. It's hard to believe. Anecdotally, though, when I'm out with my friends, and maybe you can lend some color on this too, if someone covers the tab, I'm paying them via Venmo. No one is ever like, "Do you have Bank of America mobile payment processing?" So, they do seem to have that first-mover advantage, and I think they have that name recognition. When you have that huge installed base, as they do, it really comes down to whether they can flip the monetization switch on. I guess investors are going to have to be patient on that, if management is pushing that out to 2018. Priestley: Absolutely. I will say, they do have a lot of initiatives that are panning out for them right now. One Touch basically enables you to fill in your bank details, and you work through PayPal, and you can just click one button at the checkout and it's transacted through PayPal, which is hugely beneficial for mobile. I don't know about you, but frequently, when I'm  looking at shoes online, as soon as I get to the card payment, and you have to zoom in on those small boxes and put your card numbers in, they lose me. I think it's something like a 74% cart-abandonment rate on mobile. Lewis: So when people reach that checkout phase and they see that they need to drop in their credit card number, their security code, their address, shipping address, zip code, all that stuff, they wind up ditching it? Priestley: Absolutely. But, PayPal One Touch, they have 87% conversion rate on mobile. That's incredible. They've had a lot of people starting to use that. They have added a lot of One Touch users. And, I think, of their merchants, about one-third right now are on One Touch. And they just launched this last year. So there's a huge potential here for them to really deliver on their promise. They've said they want to make customers' lives easier, and they're doing that, absolutely. Lewis: Anything else that management provided color on with the business, and strategically where they're looking, that investors should know? Priestley: I think the focus is absolutely on mobile. Dan Schulman has definitely commented on the fact that mobile is the biggest opportunity for them, and there are a lot of industry tailwinds that they're experiencing right now. And I would completely agree. I think Black Friday this year was the biggest online shopping day in history. In quarter three last year -- we're still waiting for quarter four -- the Census Bureau said that online retail made up 10% of all retail transactions. So you can see that if they are positioning themselves well to benefit from this, it should be a rising tide that lifts all boats. Lewis: I know they've talked a little bit in the past about continuing to be an asset-light business. Is that something that management recommitted to in the most recent call? Priestley: Yeah, absolutely. This is something that analysts have been focusing on. I definitely noticed a couple of questions about this in the earnings call. Square offers capital, it offers loans, as part of its services. It's not a huge part of their business, but it is a risk area of the business. So, in the fourth quarter, they had $123 million loss on loans. As a service similar to the company Square, which deals mostly with small businesses, but obviously this is individuals, PayPal has access to a lot of people's information and their spending habits and how much money they have. So they want to really leverage that information, and offer it out to partners to facilitate the loans using their information, which takes the risk away from PayPal, but they're still generating a percentage of income from it. So, overall, Dan Schulman commented that it's a really competitive environment for this. I think the payment space is just getting more and more competitive, every angle of it. But overall, I think this is definitely a good move for the company. It's the right decision, it's going to eliminate some risk. But it's also potentially going to bring in a degree of revenue too, if they can grow that segment. Lewis: So, it seems like the general takeaway here is: Wait and see with a lot of the company's mobile initiatives. The core business seems to be humming along. There was a little bit of disappointment, but nothing thesis-altering, nothing crazy in the report. Priestley: No, absolutely not. And they didn't touch too much on some of their partners. They've had some really high-profile partnerships with Alibaba, Vodafone in the U.K. and Europe, and many others; Discover, that they recently announced. They didn't touch on that too much, so we can't really give investors a good flavor for how that's going, only that it's in line with their expectations. So, yeah, I agree with what you said. I think mobile is going to be a big area of focus, we'll continue to have a look at those transaction volumes and customer engagement. Lewis: So Sarah, I said that you did the heavy lifting on PayPal. I did most of the homework with Alphabet's earnings. I'm going to flip it over to you and let you host for the second half of the show. Priestley: It's really nice to not be in the hot seat. [laughs]  Lewis: Yeah. I'll stop firing questions at you. It's my turn. Priestley: So, yeah, Alphabet reported the same time, yesterday after the bell. What were the results? Lewis: Overall, Alphabet's revenue came in at about $26.1 billion for Q4, up 22% year over year, which beat analysts' estimates of $25.3 billion. Earnings per share came in at $7.56, slightly lower than analysts' projections of $7.63 per share. I think the real story -- and what caused some of the immediate reaction for the stock -- was that adjusted profit missed by much more. That came in at $9.36 a share, versus expectations of $9.64 a share. We saw, after hours, the stock was down about 2.5% to 3%. That's what most of the market seemed to really fixate on. Priestley: And what was the cause of that? Lewis: Tax rate, basically, is the short of it. In Q4, Alphabet had an effective tax rate of 22%. They also highlighted their broad 2016 tax rate, because they're able to report whole fiscal year results as well. The company's effective tax rate for the year was 19%. That's a big bump. And you realize that average is also incorporating other quarters. You can get a sense of how much more they were paying out in taxes this quarter. Really, if you want to get down to the nitty-gritty, MarketWatch writer Jeremy Owen does a really good job breaking down the specifics, but the gist of the issue is, the Financial Accounting Standards Board issued some changes a while back, basically impacting how companies can treat stock-based compensation for their adjusted earnings numbers. And that wound up impacting results for this quarter. Moving forward, the company will no longer be excluding stock-based compensation expenses from their non-GAAP results, which should smooth things out. But they wound up dealing with a little bit of a hiccup this quarter to reconcile. Priestley: Yeah, that's really unusual, the change for GAAP there. Lewis: Yeah. Typically, you think of non-GAAP numbers as being something where the Financial Accounting Standards Board gives people a decent amount of latitude to operate how they want to. But they like to rein things in every now and then, specifically with stock-based compensation because it's something that a lot of firms use to make their non-GAAP numbers look quite a bit better than their GAAP numbers, especially in the tech space. Looking at a couple of the different segments, their Google segment, which is search, ads, Android, Maps, Chrome, YouTube, pretty much anything that falls under their internet properties, came in at $25.8 billion. So, looking at a company with $26 billion in quarterly revenue, that's the meat of it right there. That is generally performing pretty well. Their Google Sites segment, which is the majority of that, was up 20% year over year. Network revenue up 7% year over year. Other revenue, which is a smaller portion a little bit less related to the internet properties within that segment -- think Hardware, Google Play, and their cloud segment -- was $3.4 billion, which was up 62% year over year. So, that's a very fast-growing segment within Sundar Pichai's Google area of the business. I think, if you're looking for indicators for them, the two big ones that tell the story for the ad business and what's going on with some of the internet properties: Aggregate paid clicks, which is basically the number of times that people are interacting with ads online, was up 36% year over year. Aggregate cost per click, or CPCs, as they're commonly known, was down 15% year over year. This is not really a surprise. This is a story that's been playing out for a long time. We talked about the shift to mobile when we were talking about PayPal. The same thing is happening with internet search. CPCs have been driven down because the effectiveness of mobile ads isn't necessarily quite the same as it is for desktop. But for the longest time, Google has been able to make it up on volume. There's actually quite a parallel there with what happened with PayPal and the volume making up for the smaller transactions. We're seeing the same effects here with Alphabet. Priestley: Would you suggest that's something that investors should include in their thesis going forward? Lewis: I think it's something that, at this point, we shouldn't be too surprised by. This story has been playing out for a decent amount of time. If it really accelerates, you might have to worry. But they have been very good at making the volume make it work out. Eventually, mobile will need to find a floor somewhere, and enjoy that. But so long as we're still in that transition to mobile, I think we're going to continue to see this for a while, unfortunately. Priestley: OK. What about the Other Bets segment? I know there have been some interesting moves this year. Lewis: Yeah, this is something that people love to ask about, because it's like, "Where is Google wasting all of this money?" As a reminder, this is basically all the stuff they do that isn't tied to their internet properties. Think of it as their moonshot projects. The big financial contributors for this segment are Nest, Fiber, and Verily. They tend to focus on a full-year breakout for the segment because the numbers are so small relative to the overall business. But revenue came in at $809 million for 2016, which was up 82% year over year. Operating loss not including stock-based compensation was $2.9 billion, down slightly year over year. But, this segment is still a money pit for Alphabet, and I think it will continue to be. They have reined in costs a little bit under CFO Ruth Porat. I think she has forced all of the Other Bets initiatives to at least be able to show a path to monetization, or a road map to what that might look like. But I think there's a certain test-and-innovate atmosphere that they want to maintain. And investors have been OK with that, because their core internet business just prints money for them. Something that is interesting with them and the Other Bets segment is, they spun out Waymo, which is their autonomous driving segment. For the longest time, that was the Google Self-Driving Car Project. A couple months ago, they said, "This is a stand-alone business unit, and it will be nested within the Alphabet holding structure. It will continue to be in Other Bets." And we didn't get any financial insight into what's going on with that. But they talked about it in the call. Ruth Porat provided some commentary on what they're basically doing with Waymo as a blueprint for what they will continue to be doing with Other Bets. Not a ton to report there, but this is something that Daniel Sparks and I talked about in a podcast when they announced that a few months ago. As we, in the next couple quarters, over the next year, continue to get more information about Waymo, I think we can look at that specific business segment and see the path for what's going to be going on for some of the Other Bets as they continue to mature and eventually see monetization. So, not a ton to report with Other Bets stuff, but at least we have something that we can start to track for what the company's ambitions might be. Priestley: Absolutely. It looks like they're moving forward with that. Was there anything else in the numbers that stood out to you in the earnings call? Lewis: I think some of the things that people need to keep in mind with this report, because the stock was down after hours, I think as of taping this morning, they were down 40 or 50 basis points, so not a crazy reaction like 3% that we saw after hours yesterday, but still down, I think people might be scratching their heads a little bit with some of the tax stuff they saw. Prior to the report, the company was trading at all-time highs. It's traded up for a while. I think it's somewhere in the teens in the last year or so. So, there's that. And also, Alphabet does not provide detailed quarterly guidance. Most companies do offer up that guidance, and analysts create their own models based on those numbers, those line items, and they have their puts and takes to tweak it slightly. But because Alphabet doesn't give those baseline expectations, the likelihood of actual numbers being different than analysts expectations is slightly higher than it would be for other companies. So, the market's reaction is always, I think, generally going to be a little bit sharper than what we might see for a company that does offer standard guidance. Priestley: Yeah, because they have nothing ready to peg their estimates to. Lewis: Yeah. They have the general trend of things and what they can glean from commentary. But very often, you'll see analysts' expectations more or less mirror guidance with slight adjustments. Not having that as a crutch can just add some unpredictability to things. I think that's the way you have to think about it. Priestley: Any other little gems? Lewis: Outside of the numbers, something that caught my eye that I think is a great point, and really underscores the importance of reading company conference calls, and not just relying on the numbers that you see reported and the quick earnings takes you'll see online: Mark Mahaney from RBC Capital Markets in the Q&A section of the call asked this really great question, and I think it points to a looming risk for Alphabet, and I just want to highlight that for listeners. He said, "It looks to me like Google devices are being outsold 10 to 1 or something like that in most homes. It's immaterial now, but you could see you in five years there's a new voice search interaction interface and it's not Google in the home. That could be a real challenge for the company." And he was basically positing, "What are you guys doing about all of the virtual-assistant and smart-home devices?" Priestley: Yeah, great question. Lewis: Yeah. And Sundar Pichai, Google CEO, he gave that generally positive answer, talking about the investments the company is making and how they're working toward voice search, and how they're trying to meet consumers in every situation that they might be using voice search, whether it be phones, TV, homes, cars, whatever. But really, at its core, Mahaney's question is getting at this idea of: Amazon's Echo devices are selling like hotcakes. If the installed base for them, or really any other virtual assistant, gets massive, and consumers start using those devices for the types of things and the purposes that people are generally using Google mobile and desktop search for, what does that do for your business? I don't want to be alarmist with any of this. I am an Alphabet shareholder, I really love the company. But I think he makes a good point. Earlier this month, actually, at an ad industry conference, there was an Amazon VP talking about some of the capabilities and some of the opportunities that Amazon might explore. That led some analysts to speculate that the company might be interested in exploring paid search with its Alexa product. This is not something that is a next-quarter, next-year issue. But over the next five to 10 years, we need to keep an eye on how people are using search, and how people are using home assistants or virtual assistants. Because, if we see that slowly eat into what would otherwise be desktop or mobile search, you have to wonder about how that might impact Google's core business, and really what prints money for them and allows them to fund all of these other projects. Priestley: Yeah. And also, which products they're using. If everybody starts adopting the Google Nest, then they're good. Lewis: Yeah. If people are using Nest or Google Assistant, then yeah, not a huge problem, that will keep them within that ecosystem. If they are using products that don't lean on Google search, and you have platforms that are able to monetize that search, Google might get crowded out a little bit. Again, Google did $26 billion in revenue this quarter. The vast majority of that was online ads. It's a huge market. I think people's more in-depth searching, or more research-based stuff, is always going to be on desktop or mobile. You can only glean so much from audio. But if you want the quick answer on something -- say you want to know who was the fifth president of the United States -- you can find that out with a voice search, and not really have to worry about being on mobile or desktop. And that's less impressions for Google Ad Search. So, it's something to keep in mind. Again, this is a five, 10-year risk. But, just, investors, keep an eye on what's going on with the virtual assistant market, because it's something that could impact Alphabet down the road. Priestley: That's really interesting. I will hand the baton back to you. [laughs]  Lewis: Oh, you're going to let me wrap up? That's so magnanimous of you. Well, listeners, that does it for this episode of Industry Focus. If you have any questions, or just want to reach out and say "hey," shoot us an email at industryfocus@fool.com. You can always tweet us @MFIndustryFocus. If you're looking for more of our stuff, subscribe on iTunes, or check out The Fool's family of shows at fool.com/podcasts. As always, people on the program may own companies discussed on the show, and The Motley Fool may have formal recommendations for or against stocks mentioned, so don't buy or sell anything based solely on what you hear. For Sarah Priestley, I'm Dylan Lewis, thanks for listening and Fool on! Suzanne Frey, an executive at Alphabet, is a member of The Motley Fool's board of directors. Sarah Priestley has no position in any stocks mentioned. Dylan Lewis owns shares of Alphabet (A shares) and Apple. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Alphabet (A shares), Alphabet (C shares), Amazon.com, Apple, Mastercard, PayPal Holdings, and Visa. The Motley Fool has the following options: long January 2018 $90 calls on Apple and short January 2018 $95 calls on Apple. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Sarah Priestley and Dylan Lewis (TMFSarahp) None Article Info Feb 14, 2017 at 12:11PM Technology and Telecom Stocks Alphabet (A shares) NASDAQ:GOOGL $837.32 down $-2.71 (-0.32%) Alphabet (C shares) NASDAQ:GOOG $818.98 down $-1.47 (-0.18%) PayPal Holdings NASDAQ:PYPL $41.87 up $0.25 (0.60%) Read More Why 2017 Will Be the Year of the Virtual Assistant Analysts Can't Figure Out Alphabet's Puzzling $320 Million Charge What to Watch When Alphabet Releases Earnings 8 Must-See Facts Highlight Alphabet Inc.'s 2016 Google Has a Good Problem With Pixel Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Accessibility Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current Paypal and Alphabet Spell it Out for Investors @themotleyfool #stocks $GOOGL, $GOOG, $PYPL
Email Password Remember me Forgot password?     Log in with Facebook Log in with Twitter Log In news tech & science social media business entertainment life sports     Google has deleted over one million websites from search results Listen | Print By James Walker     Feb 14, 2017 in Internet Google has reached a new milestone in its quest to remove unlawful websites from the Internet. It recently received its one millionth takedown request as the service continues to grow. Amongst the sites reported include NASA and The White House. Google discloses how many search results it removes in its daily Transparency Report. It logs how many requests it has received too, letting users check how much content has been withdrawn. As TorrentFreak noticed, the website counter reached one million for the first time this week. In total, over 2.1 billion pages have been deleted. Google will takedown websites that offer illegal content contravening copyright rules. The majority of its action is concentrated on piracy sites and torrent providers who allow Internet users to consume content without paying for it. When a report is submitted to Google, the company first verifies that the person behind the request is the copyright owner. The takedown notice is scrutinised for accuracy and completeness before being passed on for authentication. If Google finds the site in question has contravened copyright rules, it will remove the URL from search results and notify the administrator. The administrator is able to appeal the decision, starting a lawsuit with the claimant if required. Google has now been asked to take down over one million distinct websites Google Although the process generally works well, it's clear not every report is genuine. Looking closer at Google's Transparency Report throws up several interesting takedown notices that don't target your typical piracy provider. Media organisations such as The BBC and The New York Times, established content providers like Netflix and government bodies including NASA and The White House have been reported to Google. Needless to say, the company didn't take action. The reasoning behind the notices isn't disclosed. Although many of the requests can be attributed to software false-positives and even disgruntled users, it's possible the sites are being targeted by more malicious activity. Google is constantly on the watch for governments that try to censor content, providing Transparency Report alerts when this occurs. It routinely receives requests from states that want political articles and videos to be removed from the Internet. This could account for the relatively high number of takedown requests made against major news publications. While the activity of governments certainly has certainly contributed to the rise in requests, the overwhelming majority are still made against run-of-the-mill piracy sites. The number of takedown notices issued has reduced slightly from a high in September 2016 but is still on a generally increasing trend. With sites frequently reappearing days or even hours after they're shut down, Google's yet to gain full control of the situation. Piracy sites remain huge online traffic magnets showing no sign of decline, leaving Google to sift through thousands of copyright owner complaints each day. More about Google, Copyright, Piracy, Search   Google Copyright Piracy Search Latest News Top News Tripoli residents in daily ordeal on uprising anniversary Ralph Lauren wows, Kanye grows up, Kors goes plus-size Binali Yildirim: Turkey's last prime minister? Great Plains gets over half its power from wind for first time Cyber warriors see politics muddying security efforts More dog food recalled because of phenobarbital contamination Governor's letter to Trump — Support solar and wind energy RCMP seeking suspect in Internet romance scam Ukraine declares state of energy emergency Venezuela bans Spanish-language CNN for Iraq report Corporate Contact Us About Us Advertise Investors & Partners Help & Support Editorial Guidelines Terms of Use Privacy Policy News Links Latest News Live Events News Alerts GlobeNewswire News Global Press Releases 24-7PressRelease.com copyright © 2017 digitaljournal.com   |   powered by dell servers
About Techzim Contact Us Send a Tip Menu About Techzim Contact Us Send a Tip Search advertisement Homepage » Miscellaneous » The full scoop on Google’s mission to train 1 million Africans The full scoop on Google’s mission to train 1 million Africans Posted 4 days ago by Edwin Chabuka (@techzim) Read 7 Comments As you may have read from our most recent post, Google is on a mission to train 1 million Africans on fundamental IT skills. Zimbabwe is also included in this road map and after a conversation with Trust Nhokovedzo the coordinator for training in Zimbabwe we were able to get more details on what exactly this is and how it’s going to take place. Why has this seemingly only started now and yet the program has been running in other countries like Kenya, South Africa, Nigeria etc… for almost a year? The program actually started early 2016 which is when Google made the announcement of wanting to train 1 million Africans to wise-up in terms of digital skills. However the reason why it had not started yet in Zimbabwe is because there is a road map to it and each country has to wait its turn. At the moment the program it taking place in Tanzania, Uganda, Zambia, Mozambique and South Africa. In Zimbabwe the program is scheduled to start this month that is February 2017 to June 2017. I noticed in some articles the mention of an organisation called Livity. What is their role in all this? advertisement Google is the coordinator and sponsor of the project and it is partnering up with training companies in each country to train individuals as trainers and Livity is one of them. Centum learning limited is the training partner that Google will be working with to train trainers for Zimbabwe. Target for Zimbabwe is to train 20 000 people I would appreciate any background that would be helpful in having a  clear understanding and potential impact of this program, especially you opinions about it. There is a potential of half a billion Africans that will be using the internet by 2020 which presents a huge opportunity for businesses as well as individuals to leverage the internet to give their business an online presence. Objective is to ensure people know how they can use technology to leverage their business. Understand some economic principles that operate in the digital space and relevance. How to capitalize on the increase in internet usage to expand your business’ footprint regionally and globally. Contents of the training focuses on how the world has gone digital and how it has moved on from traditional flyers to online marketing and digital marketing. It also incorporates practical skills in the line of the fundamentals of building your business online presence. This includes effective web design, how to market the website as well as Search Engine Optimization (SEO) and how to run adverts on your website. It also introduces people to mobile friendly websites as a large portion of internet users in Africa access it through mobile devices. Where will the training take place and how am I eligible to register? We are planning to target about 31 tertiary institutions in Zimbabwe primarily Universities, Private colleges, Polytechnics and teachers colleges. First rollout should start February 2017. This program is targeting people between 18 and 35 years of age. Admission is free and after completing the course you receive a certificate of attendance. No qualifications are required for individuals seeking to be trained. share Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Tags: Centum learning limited, Google, Livity, Zimbabwe Previous Post « YouTube Go, the app designed for data friendly video viewing is now available or Android Next post Econet says its owed over US$25 million in interconnection fees by NetOne & TelOne » 7 Comments stan says: February 12, 2017 at 8:20 AM why not 18 to 40 on age. Reply follow says: February 12, 2017 at 1:28 PM definition of a youth 18-35 Reply Neonrad Socien says: February 12, 2017 at 10:01 AM I know___, do you know that Eddie? Business wise these guys are trailing behind two things. The first thing is a fresh source of ideas_ somewhat, Africans like me can always do….providing a new business idea and and strategy. The real thing is a former University of Harvard student-graduate can not do that as cheap as Africans do. Secondly, and that is their incessant quest, they do want to focus on developing markets of which Africa is not an exception. Training us will increase our passion over or whatever that thing is, we end up being their revenue generating base. Microsoft is just doing the same thing in east Africa. Reply Meinrad Socien says: February 12, 2017 at 10:02 AM I know___, do you know that Eddie? Business wise these guys are trailing behind two things. The first thing is a fresh source of ideas_ somewhat, Africans like me can always do….providing a new business idea and and strategy. The real thing is a former University of Harvard student-graduate can not do that as cheap as Africans do. Secondly, and that is their incessant quest, they do want to focus on developing markets of which Africa is not an exception. Training us will increase our passion over or whatever that thing is, we end up being their revenue generating base. Microsoft is just doing the same thing in east Africa. Reply Fredy Mundondo says: February 12, 2017 at 11:38 AM When and how can we apply, very interested. Reply kaysiz says: February 13, 2017 at 1:11 AM the link to centum is broken fix it please…. Reply Kudzie says: February 13, 2017 at 9:53 AM where do i apply??? Reply Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Comment Name Email Website Yes, add me to your mailing list. Notify me of follow-up comments by email. Notify me of new posts by email. Pindula News Phillip Chiyangwa’s school shutPhillip Chiyangwa’s school shuts down after mass exodus last years down after mass exodus last year February 16, 2017 Banks record $181 million net profit in 2016 February 16, 2017 Hoodlum stabs 5 people in 30 minutes February 16, 2017 Zesa takes Mohadi’s company to court for failing to pay electricity bills February 16, 2017 Hwange Colliery accused of treating workers like slaves and paying them in bricks as salaries February 16, 2017 Click here to Find & Join WhatsApp Groups. Receive Our Newsletter Email * Latest Blackberry OS market share hits the 0.0% mark Gadgets & Apps February, 16th 2017 Zimbabwe government takes over acquisition of Biometric Voter Registration (BVR) kits from UNDP Hardware & Software February, 16th 2017 Zimbabwe spent US$45 million on DStv subscriptions in six months Mobile Money & eCommerce February, 16th 2017 Headlines by Fingaz Zimbabwe spent US$45 million on DStv subscriptions in six months Mobile money accounts for 81.2% of transactions in Zimbabwe, RTGS leads in transaction value – RBZ DStv subs & card payments are 2nd highest driver of forex use for Zimbabwe, trend is a cause of concern for RBZ Jonathan Moyo turns heat on ZACC RBZ firefights liquidity crisis Social: View techzim’s profile on Facebook View techzim’s profile on Twitter View techzim’s profile on Instagram advertisement Buying Data Bundles USSD for Buying Bundles on NetOne, Econet & Telecel About Techzim Contact Us Send a Tip Subscribe to our RSS via Feedly or just get the RSS link. 2017 © Techzim. All rights Reserved.   Hosting Managed by Somerset Technical Solutions Except where otherwise noted, content on and from this site is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International License. Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
CLOSE Community Associations Church General News Arts & Literature History & Science Events NY Region Funerals Memorials Greece Politics Economy General News Arts & Literature History & Science Tourism Sports Community Greece Cyprus International USA Cyprus Politics Economy General news Arts & Literature History & Science Tourism FOOD & TRAVEL Food Wine & Spirits Travel Classifieds Opinions Editorial Columnists Guest Columnists Letter from Athens Viewpoints Agora Letter to the Editor Special Issues 50 Greek Restaurants Christmas Easter Food & Wine Health & Science Hellenic Leaders Honorary Issues Literature & Culture Tourism Wealthiest Greeks Weddings Archive GR EditionUS Edition Newspaper Stands Sign in Subscribe Thursday, February 16, 2017 | Week's Paper | NY 29 F | Athens 51 F | EUR → USD 1.06 Community Associations Church General News Arts & Literature History & Science Events NY Region Funerals Memorials Greece Politics Economy General News Arts & Literature History & Science Tourism Sports Community Greece Cyprus International USA Cyprus Politics Economy General news Arts & Literature History & Science Tourism FOOD & TRAVEL Food Wine & Spirits Travel Classifieds Opinions Editorial Columnists Guest Columnists Letter from Athens Viewpoints Agora Letter to the Editor Special Issues 50 Greek Restaurants Christmas Easter Food & Wine Health & Science Hellenic Leaders Honorary Issues Literature & Culture Tourism Wealthiest Greeks Weddings Archive Home Community Margaret Georgiadis the New CEO at Mattel Community General News Margaret Georgiadis the New CEO at Mattel By TNH Staff - February 14, 2017 0 224 Share on Facebook Tweet on Twitter Margaret “Margo” H. Georgiadis, Mattel’s new CEO. Photo: Youtube EL SEGUNDO, CA – Mattel, the company behind such iconic toys as Barbie, Hot Wheels, and the Fisher-Price brand, has a new chief executive officer, Margaret “Margo” Georgiadis. The former Google Americas President is the second executive to be appointed Mattel’s CEO since early 2015. For six years, Georgiadis led Google’s commercial operations and ad sales in the US, Canada and Latin America. She took over the CEO position at Mattel on February 8 and also joined the board of directors. Georgiadis follows Christopher A. Sinclair, the long-time board member who led the toy maker since early 2015. Besides her executive position at Google, Georgiadis has also served as COO of daily deals e-commerce website Groupon and as chief marketing officer at Discover Financial Services, as reported in Fortune. She is also a board member for McDonald’s and renewable products maker Amyris. “Inspiring children through play and creativity is crucial to early development and no company has done more in that space over many generations than Mattel,” Georgiadis said in a statement, as quoted in Fortune. “As a parent, I have seen this first hand and am honored to be joining the Company at this exciting time of renewed focus.” Mattel is currently in a relatively stable position as Georgiadis takes over as CEO. Sales are improving for the company’s core brands including Barbie with innovations started during Sinclair’s tenure received well by the toy-buying. The major makeover for the doll with new body types, hair styles, and shades of skin added for more diversity to the standard slender Barbie was especially appreciated by consumers after decades of complaints about Barbie’s unrealistic body proportions. Technology was also added in more appropriate ways to Mattel toys through Sinclair’s work with tech startups after internal efforts achieved only middling results. Sinclair also tried to update the speed of the company’s decision-making process to keep up with the pace of the times. Formerly a PepsiCo executive, Sinclair arrived at Mattel during a time when sales and the company’s stock price were declining. Core brands including Barbie seemed lagging behind in terms of innovation, so vital in the competitive toy business. Sinclair succeeded Bryan Stockton, who resigned after a few years of struggling with the iconic toy maker’s troubles. In a Mattel news release Sinclair said of Georgiadis’ appointment, “Over the last two years, with the help of all of our colleagues around the world, we have dramatically transformed Mattel – reenergizing our creative culture, restoring excitement to our iconic brand portfolio and delivering on our vision to make Mattel the recognized leader in play, learning and development worldwide. I could not be more proud of the organization and what it has accomplished, or more excited about the Company’s future with Margo Georgiadis as our CEO. Margo is a proven and extraordinarily talented executive with a deep understanding of how to build and scale brands on a global basis and expertise in effectively engaging consumers and retail partners in a rapidly evolving digital world. She has successfully led efforts to deliver above market growth and profitability by creating transformational partnerships across content, media and technology providers and through innovation in product development and customer engagement.” Sinclair added, “As Executive Chairman, I will work with Margo, Richard Dickson, and the rest of the executive team on the smoothest possible transition.” Continuing to boost sales of Mattel brands including Barbie, Hot Wheels, and American Girl will be Georgiadis top priority. The challenge may grow increasingly difficult as youngsters play more on mobile devices, tablets, iPads, and cell phones. Other toy makers including Hasbro and Lego also face the challenge of adding technology to their toys while still encouraging traditional ways of playing. Speculation on mergers and acquisitions is also rife for the major toy makers with some suggesting that potential merger talks may be going on between Mattel and Hasbro. Mattel’s appointment of Georgiadis adds another woman executive to the list of only 27 female executives that run Fortune 500 companies. According to the latest Fortune 500 list, Mattel is ranked #450. Georgiadis becomes the second woman CEO at Mattel. Jill Barad was the first woman to run the toy company for short time in the late 1990’s until she was removed after the widely unpopular $3.5 billion acquisition of software company Learning Co. Georgiadis earned a Bachelor’s degree in Economics from Harvard-Radcliffe Colleges and an MBA from Harvard Business Scho Previous articleND Leader Kiriakos Mitsotakis Met Wolfgang Schäuble for 70 Minutes Next articleDreaming of Valentine’s Day TNH Staff RELATED ARTICLESMORE FROM AUTHOR Community Greek-American NYPD Officer Prevents Man from Killing Himself Community Talent and Depth – Wang and Kavakos Perform at Lincoln Center Community Polyxeni Mastroperrou Passed Away after Battle With Cancer NO COMMENTS LEAVE A REPLY Cancel reply Popular Posts Popular Today Week Month All Federals Investigating Manchester Alderman Thomas Katsiantonis TNH's 50 Richest Greek-Americans 2014 List - Net Worth & More Human Error Blamed for Fatal Norman Alantic Ferry Fire Mother of chief of staff to Bill Clinton, Podesta, Dies at 89 The Next Archbishop: Process of Succession and Election Week’s Paper Special Issues About us Contact us Subscriptions Community Associations Church General News Arts & Literature History & Science Events Greece Politics Economy General News Arts & Literature History & Science Sports Community Greece Cyprus International USA Cyprus Politics Economy General news Arts & Literature History & Science Classifieds Opinions Columnists Editorial Guest Columnists Letter from Athens Letter to the Editor Agora Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Advertise Job @ TNH © Copyright 2015-16 - The National Herald, Inc
report this ad / Cory Doctorow / 8:55 am Tue Feb 14, 2017 Amnesty: hackers spent months building personas used to phish Qatari labor activists From the Boing Boing Shop See all deals Popular Posts Follow Us Twitter / Facebook / RSS In a new report, Amnesty International summarizes the security research they did on the victims of a sophisticated phishing attack aimed at Qatari labor activists, dubbed "Operation Kingphish." report this ad Several activists were approached by a personal calling themselves "Safeena Malik," who claimed to represent a human rights NGO. The Malik persona had a deep, years-long presence on social media, with hundreds of Linkedin contacts. The Malik persona targeted journalists, activists and organizers engaged in the struggle for labor rights in Qatar -- a notorious haven of forced labor and unsafe working conditions -- for months on end, carefully building up trust with them and sending them multiple forms of bait that sought (sometimes successfully) to capture their Google logins. The phishing attack itself took the form of a supposed link to a Google Doc; targets were sent to a lookalike page that seemed to be a login screen for Google, already populated with their real Google userids and avatars. The attackers were known to use a server in Doha, Qatar to stage their attacks. Amnesty stops short of blaming the attacks on the government of Qatar, but there is circumstantial evidence linking the two. The Gmail attack has been successful. Motherboard spoke to one journalist who inadvertently handed over their password, although they were suspicious of the document links and Malik's messages. (The journalist asked not to be identified as they engage in undercover work.) "I got a message on Christmas day, saying Happy Christmas!" the journalist said. In all, Amnesty believes Malik targeted nearly 30 people, judging by information left in an exposed server used in the attacks. A major part of the Malik identity is the substantial social media presence. Her LinkedIn profile appears to have lifted a bio from someone else, and her photos are seemingly a stolen mis-mash from other accounts across the web. On Facebook, Malik has joined several groups related to her targets, including communities that deal with migrant workers and forced labour, Amnesty's report reads. Sometimes, Malik will use her mutual connections to targets as leverage—maybe a victim is more likely to chat if Malik is a friend of a friend. Operation Kingphish: Uncovering a Campaign of Cyber Attacks against Civil Society in Qatar and Nepal [Nex/Amnesty International] This Cunning, Months-in-the-Making Phishing Campaign Targeted Dozens of Journalists, Activists [Joseph Cox/Motherboard] SHARE / TWEET / 4 COMMENTS amnesty international / apts / class war / human rights / infosec / labor / operation kingphisher / opsec / phishing / Safeena Mailk / security / slavery / spear phishing / trafficking report this ad GET THE BOING BOING NEWSLETTER Researchers show they can beat address space layout randomization with Javascript in a browser (!) Address space layout randomization is an important first line of defense against malicious software: by randomizing where in memory instructions are stored, ASLR makes it much harder to overwrite memory with new code that will be jumped to as a program executes, offering significant protection against buffer overflow attacks. READ THE REST "I’ll never bring my phone on an international flight again. Neither should you." Quincy Larson asks you to image “What’s the worst thing that could happen if the Customs and Border Patrol succeed in getting ahold of your unlocked phone?” READ THE REST Proof-of-concept ransomware locks up the PLCs that control power plants In Out of Control: Ransomware for Industrial Control Systems, three Georgia Tech computer scientists describe their work to develop LogicLocker, a piece of proof-of-concept ransomware that infects the programmable logic controllers that are used to control industrial systems like those in power plants. READ THE REST Recycle your used glass bottles into cost-effective candles with this kit Instead of throwing out all the empties after your next party, why not transform them into some new DIY glassware? Cut back on waste and add some home ambiance with the Kinkajou Bottle Cutter and Candle Making Kit.The Kinkajou is designed as a clamp-on scoring blade to make precise cuts. Just slide a bottle in, tighten […] READ THE REST Here's how to get certified as an Amazon Web Services administrator Managing servers is complex and expensive—that’s why countless businesses have switched to Amazon Web Services over in-house infrastructure. With so much demand for this cloud platform, mastery of AWS administration has become a valuable skill set. This Certification Training course can be your first step towards proficiency.This extensive course packs everything you need to know about […] READ THE REST Protect your identity and online activity with this secure VPN Covering your download tracks isn’t the only reason to invest in a VPN service—high-profile hacks and data dumps in recent years have shone a brighter light on online security issues than ever before. It’s not just public figures who are at risk, and VPNs have increased in popularity even for casual browsing due to reported […] READ THE REST report this ad Start the discussion at bbs.boingboing.net Read the rules you agree to by using this website in our Terms of Service. Boing Boing uses cookies and analytics trackers, and is supported by advertising, merchandise sales and affiliate links. Read about what we do with the data we gather in our Privacy Policy. Who will be eaten first? Our forum rules are detailed in the Community Guidelines. Boing Boing is published under a Creative Commons license except where otherwise noted. Mark Frauenfelder Cory Doctorow David Pescovitz Xeni Jardin Rob Beschizza Jason Weisberger Publisher Ken Snider Sysadmin About Us Contact Us Advertise Forums Shop Shop Support

make-use-of-logo logo-background menu search search-start close email bookmark facebook google twitter pinterest stumbleupon whatsapp amazon youtube youtube label-rectangle triangle-long down PC & Mobile Windows Mac Linux Android iPhone and iPad Internet Security Browsers Programming Lifestyle Technology News Entertainment Productivity Creative Gaming Social Media Finance Self Improvement Hardware Technology Explained Buying Guides Smart Home DIY Product Reviews Deals Giveaways Top Lists About About MakeUseOf Newsletter Advertise Privacy Jobs Chats Search for: Search Popular Topics The Internet Windows iPhone and iPad Android Mac Gaming MakeUseOf How to Discourage Windows Tech Support Scammers When They Call You Security How to Discourage Windows Tech Support Scammers When They Call You Christian Cawley You Can Now Test the Brand New YouTube App Android You Can Now Test the Brand New YouTube App Dave Parrack Top Deals Search Open Menu Close Menu PC & Mobile Windows Mac Linux Android iPhone and iPad Internet Security Browsers Programming Lifestyle Technology News Entertainment Productivity Creative Gaming Social Media Finance Self Improvement Hardware Technology Explained Buying Guides Smart Home DIY Product Reviews Deals Giveaways Top Lists About About MakeUseOf Newsletter Advertise Privacy Jobs Chats Facebook Facebook Facebook Facebook Search for: How to Use Google Forms for Your Business Productivity How to Use Google Forms for Your Business Sandy Stachowiak February 14, 2017 14-02-2017 7 minutes How to Use Google Forms for Your Business Facebook Twitter Pinterest Stumbleupon Whatsapp Email When you need to create a form for your business, it is essential that you have an easy-to-use tool. This is where Google Forms can come in to help you. With useful templates, helpful features, and an intuitive interface, you can quickly build and customize the exact form you need Supercharge Your Google Forms and Get More out of Them Supercharge Your Google Forms and Get More out of Them The humble Google Forms has loads of uses. With the availability of add-ons, you can find more ways to tap into its usefulness than ever before. Read More . Here we show you how you can use Google Forms for common business routines. Using the Templates and Features Google Forms has a variety of features for creating business forms. You can get off to a fast start with one of the templates offered and edit it to suit your needs. To access the template options, sign into Google Forms and select Template Gallery from the top. Work Request The Work Request template has the basics you need for a simple work order like name, email address, description, priority, and due date. You can then use the Type section to distinguish the work area. You can keep that multiple-choice question and just update the answers to accommodate your business. For example, a work request for the information technology department may include options for software, hardware, and network services. Feedback Form The Customer Feedback template can be used for employee or training feedback as well as customers with a few simple adjustments. For instance, you can add a drop-down box question for an employee to choose the department that their feedback is aimed towards. Or for training, you can include a paragraph question so that trainees can offer suggestions for the next session. Registration Form The Event Registration template can be used for most any type of event. For business, you might use it for a conference, seminar, or training session. For multi-day events like a conference, you can use the checkbox question for participants to choose which days they will attend. Or for a training session, trainees can select a preferred time slot. The template also includes a required section at the bottom where the participant must acknowledge a fee. You can use this for paid seminars or conferences. Time Off Request The Time Off Request template is a handy form and may have everything you want already with no adjustments necessary. Sections include name, leave date, time of day, and type of leave. A convenient section at the end allows the user to write a paragraph for their reason of leave, if they like. If you would also like to capture the user’s email address, you can add this question quickly. Just click the plus icon to add a question, name it Email address, and Google Forms will automatically select the short answer question type for you. You can make it a required question by sliding the switch at the bottom. Creating Your Own Form If you would rather start from scratch with your own form, this is easier to do than you might think. Plus, you can save your form as a template and continue to use it with simple edits as needed. First, head to Google Forms to open an untitled form by clicking the Blank template from the Template Gallery. Team Update Form For receiving updates from your employees or team, you can create a form to obtain statuses. Add questions for the basics such as name and email address and then just customize your sections. For this example, we will use a project team update. You can add a drop-down question with options for which project the team member is working on. Based on the answer (project) that they choose, you can have them skip to another form section. This allows you to create sections for tasks specific to that project and the user will be automatically directed there. Create your Project question and answers by clicking the plus. Create the different task sections by clicking the Add Section. Name the sections and add the tasks per project. Return to the Project question, select the More (three-dot) icon and pick Go to section based on answer. Beside each answer, click the arrow and choose which section the user should be directed to when they select that answer. Injury Form Creating an injury form is also quite easy. After you add name and email address, you can add questions for things like date and time of injury, location of the occurrence, and severity of the injury. Using the severity question, you can select the Linear scale question option: Create your Severity question by clicking the plus. Choose Linear scale from the question options. Select the number scale that you would like to use from the drop-down boxes. Enter labels for the first and last numbers on the scale. Transfer Request Form If your company allows for transfers, whether to another city, local facility, or department, you can set up a transfer form in just minutes. Once again, include questions for name and email address and then customize your sections and questions. For this example, we will use the multiple choice grid question: Create your Transfer question by clicking the plus. Choose Multiple choice grid from the question options. Add your answers for the rows and columns. Select the More (three-dot) icon and pick Limit to one response per column to avoid confusion. Setting up the question: How the question will display: Tips and Tricks Google Forms offers a nice variety of features for questions and answers. But, you can take advantage of even more useful options 10 Advanced Tips & Tricks For Google Forms 10 Advanced Tips & Tricks For Google Forms If Google Forms is not yet your go-to form maker, it's time for us to change your mind. You may think you know everything there is to know about Google Forms, but thanks to Google's... Read More like these: Reusing Forms as Templates Open the form, click the More (three-dot) icon from the top navigation, and select Make a copy. You can then give the form its own name, select its folder, and share it with the same people. This is ideal when you want to use your form as a template. To edit the form, just open it from your main Google Forms screen and adjust as needed. Adding Data Validation Short answer, paragraph, and checkbox questions types offer a data validation option. This lets you ensure that you are receiving the answer(s) that you want. For example, using a checkbox question you can require that the user enter at least two answers. Or, for a paragraph question, you can limit the character count of the answer. To use this feature, select the More (three-dot) icon within the question and choose Data validation. Depending on which question type you are using, you will see your parameter options. Just fill out the fields and enter a custom error message if you like. Customizing the Appearance Google Forms offers a selection of themes that you can use to make your forms more attractive. Just click the palette icon from the top navigation, select the image icon, and browse by category. You can also upload your own photo or open a current album. Along with an overall theme for your form, you can include photos and YouTube videos within your questions. Photos are handy if you would like to pop in your company logo or a picture of your building. Videos make great additions for tutorials or training clips. Just click either the image or video icon to the right of the question and make your selection in the window that opens. Additional Options for Business Obviously, the point of Google Forms is to create forms. However, you can take that a step further for your business. Here are just a few ideas: Create a Quiz Maybe you would like to follow up an employee training session with a knowledge test. Google Forms lets you turn a form into a quiz How To Use Google Forms To Create Your Own Self-Grading Quiz How To Use Google Forms To Create Your Own Self-Grading Quiz Are you a teacher or trainer? Someone involved in a hiring process? Do you need to check somehow that other people have the skills or knowledge that you expect them to? Well, you're going to... Read More easily. Open your form, click the gear icon from the top navigation, and select Quizzes in the window that opens. Move the slider next to Make this a quiz. You can then review and adjust the grading options and what the respondent can see. Do More With Add-ons Google Forms offers a variety of add-ons that can be helpful. You can receive email notifications for your forms, create dynamic fields for your questions, and take your forms to Business Hangouts. Add-ons like AppSheet allow you to build a mobile app based on your form. And, the bkper tool lets you use forms to record data in your financial books such as income and expenses. To view your add-on options, open a form, click the More (three-dot) icon from the top navigation, and select Add-ons. Design a Workflow You may not have considered Google Forms as a workflow tool, but it can be quite useful in this aspect. For instance, you can create a process that lets you obtain data, document it, and report on it. You can build your form, use input logic, incorporate add-ons, and share your form easily. For a detailed explanation of designing a workflow, check out this in-depth article from Will Conway How to Use Google Forms to Create an Interactive Workflow How to Use Google Forms to Create an Interactive Workflow Google Forms is the office workflow interface you didn't know you needed. Use Google Forms to collect information and in the next step add details or trigger a process. Read More . Have You Tried Google Forms for Business? Google Forms is an intuitive tool Track Key Areas of Your Life In 1-Minute with Google Forms Track Key Areas of Your Life In 1-Minute with Google Forms It is amazing what you can learn about yourself when you take the time to pay attention to your daily habits and behaviors. Use the versatile Google Forms to track your progress with important goals. Read More for creating business forms. And, with its flexibility, sharing options, and templates, building and sending forms can be done in just minutes. Have you tried Google Forms for your business yet? If so, what is your favorite feature? Image Credit: Aysezgicmeli via Shutterstock.com Previous PostHow to Disconnect and Uninstall Google Drive From Your PCNext PostHow Dropbox Paper Takes on Google Docs and Office Online 0 comments Write a Comment Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Sandy Stachowiak 170 articles Sandy is a full-time freelance writer and former IT project and department manager. She loves to write, especially about technology. In her spare time, you can catch her enjoying iPad games, playing with her dog, and hanging out with family. Advertisement Latest Giveaways Skriware 3D Printer Review and Giveaway Skriware 3D Printer Review and Giveaway Blackview P2 Review and Giveaway Blackview P2 Review and Giveaway Chuwi Lapbook 14.1 Review and Giveaway Chuwi Lapbook 14.1 Review and Giveaway Advertisement Trending 10 YouTube URL Tricks You Should Know About Internet 10 YouTube URL Tricks You Should Know About 7 Ways Linux Enhances Productivity for the Digital Minimalist Linux Productivity 7 Ways Linux Enhances Productivity for the Digital Minimalist How to Discourage Windows Tech Support Scammers When They Call You Security How to Discourage Windows Tech Support Scammers When They Call… Advertisement Related Articles 10 Free Business Form Templates You Should Keep Handy Productivity 10 Free Business Form Templates You Should Keep Handy 3 Free Templates to Keep Meetings on Track and Useful Productivity 3 Free Templates to Keep Meetings on Track and Useful 10+ Useful Excel Templates for Project Management & Tracking Productivity 10+ Useful Excel Templates for Project Management & Tracking Advertisement Latest Deals Affiliate Disclosure: By buying the products we recommend, you help keep the lights on at MakeUseOf. Read more. Subscribe to Our Newsletter Email: Advertisement Scroll down for the next article © 2017 MakeUseOf. All Rights Reserved.
9to5Mac 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Android Chrome/OS Guides Android Android Wear Android Auto Nexus Chromebook Google Apps Android TV YouTube Trending in Google Corporate Hands-on with Toast’s real-wood cover for the Google Pixel/Pixel XL [Gallery] Trending in Google Corporate Best Android phones you can buy [February 2017] Trending in Google Corporate Comment: Lenovo’s new Yoga A12 Android tablet is just begging to be a Chromebook Trending in Google Corporate Opinion: Five features that I want with the second-generation Google Pixel Trending in Google Corporate Google Home now supports over 70 apps and services, here are some of the most useful Trending in Google Corporate Hands on with Colorware’s new skins for Google Pixel/Pixel XL [Gallery] February 14 GOOG: 820.45 1.21 LG Watch Sport vs. LG Watch Style: Two watches on opposite ends of the spectrum Justin Duino - Feb. 14th 2017 7:26 am PT @jaduino Android Wear LG LG Watch Sport LG Watch Style View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit With the launch of Android Wear 2.0, LG and Google announced the Watch Sport and the Watch Style. While both of these watches were designed to show off the newest version of the operating system, only the Watch Sport comes packing LTE connectivity, an NFC chip, a heart rate sensor, and more. This comparison will take an in-depth look at these two new smartwatches so that you can decide if you would rather have a feature-packed smartwatch that tends to be on the bulkier side or an elegant and slim device that doesn’t do much more than the basics… First, let’s get the specs out of the way. The LG Watch Style has a 1.2-inch P-OLED 360×360 pixel display, a Snapdragon Wear 2100 CPU, 512MB of RAM, and a 240mAh battery. The Watch Sport — being quite a bit bigger than the Style — has a 1.38-inch P-OLED 480×480 pixel display, the same Snapdragon 2100 processor, 768MB of RAM, and a 430mAh battery. While they share similar specs, the added RAM helps run all of the additional sensors and radios found exclusively in the Sport. Performance Please note that we have only had these watches in hand for a few days and this is not our full review of either the Sport or the Style (those are coming soon, so stay tuned!). That being said, though, both of these watches fly. The extra time that Google spent preparing Android Wear 2.0 for the world is quite apparent on these devices as everything runs more or less as smooth as butter. When comparing the Sport to the Style, that extra RAM appears to make things run just a little bit better. While it isn’t much, you can tell from using both side-by-side that the Sport has the edge on performance. Is it enough to deter you from buying and using the Style? Definitely not. If you only used the Style, you would still think it was one of the fastest smartwatches on the market. Battery life Battery life performance will differ from user-to-user and from day-to-day, and this is especially true when talking about the Watch Sport. In addition to the added RAM and larger display with more pixels, the Sport has a handful of other sensors and radios that the Style doesn’t. These include LTE connectivity, NFC, GPS, and a heart rate sensor. Obviously, heavy use with a lot of screen on time of either watch will drain the battery, but so will constant use of the LTE or GPS features. Without heavy usage of the added functionality found in the Sport (and with only moderate usage of either watch, mainly for checking notifications and opening several applications), they’ll both easily make it through an average 8-hour workday. In our testing, the Style ended the day with a higher battery percentage and could have easily made it into the next morning, while the Sport was closer to being dead and needed to be charged overnight. GPS / NFC / LTE / Heart Rate Sensor LG Watch Sport Besides its physical size, the biggest difference between the watches is that the Sport can just do so much more. If you wanted to go for a run without your phone, download music, and track your exact location, all at the same time, you could thanks to the Watch Sport’s built-in LTE and GPS. And if you’re exercising, there’s a good chance you’ll want to use that heart rate sensor to track your heart rate. You can also pay for things with nothing but your watch and Android Pay. This is the world you could live in with the Sport. Final thoughts The Style basically lives up to its name of being stylish and not much more. The watch is small, extremely lightweight, supports Google’s MODE watch bands, and just looks beautiful. Its size is so small that you forget you’re even wearing it at times. If notifications are all you want a smartwatch for, then it isn’t even a question that the Style is what you should be looking into. It’s simple, it works, and it won’t break the bank for $250. LG Watch Style If you want everything and more, then you’ll want the Sport. This one will cost you a little bit more, though, at $350. Plus, if you’re going to be using the LTE capabilities, you will have to pay your cell phone carrier $10 to $20 a month for a data plan. In exchange, you’ll have a much bulkier watch that feels premium and runs Android Wear better than any other device out there. The biggest drawbacks include that it’s much bigger in size, and you can’t change out the watchbands because of the LTE and GPS antennas. So which of these two smartwatches are you interested in picking up? The LG Watch Style is perfect if you love minimalism and just want to get the basic tasks done. But if you’re more hardcore or like having everything built into the wearable on your wrist, then the Watch Sport might be more up your alley. Unfortunately, the ideal watch for most people that fits right between these doesn’t exist. But either way, you will be getting a fantastically built device that runs Android Wear 2.0 beautifully and works like a charm. Keep an eye on the site as we will be publishing our full reviews of both the LG Watch Sport and Watch Style in the coming days. Also, let us know in the comments below if you’re interested in hearing anything more specific about either of these wearables or if you decided to pick either of them up for yourself. This slideshow requires JavaScript. Guides Android Wear View THe Guide LG View THe Guide LG Watch Sport View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options. Post to Cancel
make-use-of-logo logo-background menu search search-start close email bookmark facebook google twitter pinterest stumbleupon whatsapp amazon youtube youtube label-rectangle triangle-long down PC & Mobile Windows Mac Linux Android iPhone and iPad Internet Security Browsers Programming Lifestyle Technology News Entertainment Productivity Creative Gaming Social Media Finance Self Improvement Hardware Technology Explained Buying Guides Smart Home DIY Product Reviews Deals Giveaways Top Lists About About MakeUseOf Newsletter Advertise Privacy Jobs Chats Search for: Search Popular Topics The Internet Windows iPhone and iPad Android Mac Gaming MakeUseOf How to Discourage Windows Tech Support Scammers When They Call You Security How to Discourage Windows Tech Support Scammers When They Call You Christian Cawley You Can Now Test the Brand New YouTube App Android You Can Now Test the Brand New YouTube App Dave Parrack Top Deals Search Open Menu Close Menu PC & Mobile Windows Mac Linux Android iPhone and iPad Internet Security Browsers Programming Lifestyle Technology News Entertainment Productivity Creative Gaming Social Media Finance Self Improvement Hardware Technology Explained Buying Guides Smart Home DIY Product Reviews Deals Giveaways Top Lists About About MakeUseOf Newsletter Advertise Privacy Jobs Chats Facebook Facebook Facebook Facebook Search for: You Can Now Save Your Favorite Places to Google Maps Android You Can Now Save Your Favorite Places to Google Maps Dave Parrack February 14, 2017 14-02-2017 2 minutes You Can Now Save Your Favorite Places to Google Maps Facebook Twitter Pinterest Stumbleupon Whatsapp Email Google has added a new feature to Google Maps on iOS and Android. While it’s not the most exciting feature in the world, it suggests Google is trying to make Google Maps more social. Which, given the complete and utter failure of Google+, shouldn’t come as a major surprise. The latest update to Google Maps How Does Google Maps Work? How Does Google Maps Work? Google Maps is used by millions of people every day and you might be one of them, but how does it actually work and how does Google maintain its accuracy so well? Read More lets you create lists of places you have either visited or want to visit in the future. You can then share your lists of places with family and friends, or make them public for everyone. You can also follow lists others have created and shared. Save and Share With Google Maps Creating a list of places within Google Maps is simple. Just open the Google Maps app on Android or on iOS, find the place you want to add save for future reference, and then click “Save”. By default you can choose between three lists — “Favorites,” “Starred Places,” and “Want to Go”. However, you also have the option of creating your own lists, and naming them whatever you want. You can keep these lists to yourself, or share them with others. If the latter, just click the “Share” button to send a link to family or friends. This should prove useful if sharing restaurants you want to try one weekend, or attractions you want to visit on vacation. Setting your list to “Public” means anyone and everyone will be able to see it. Yes, that means those scary things called strangers. By the same token you’ll also be able to see public lists created by other Google Maps users. Google’s New Social Strategy Given the number of different ways in which this feature could be used, this is a clear indication of Google’s intention to add social features to Google Maps. It’s a small first step, but it’s a first step nonetheless. After trying and failing to best Facebook time and time again Google's Plus: The Latest in Long Line of Social Flops Google's Plus: The Latest in Long Line of Social Flops Google's history of launching social network is a series of failures. Read More , surely Google’s best plan now is to add social features to its existing products instead. After all, we really don’t need another Facebook. One is more than enough. Do you regularly use Google Maps? Can you see yourself using the new Save feature? Are you likely to list places you have visited? Or places you want to visit? Should Google add more social features to Google Maps? Please let us know your thoughts in the comments below! Image Credit: Andre Douque via Flickr Previous Post5 Ways to Sync Music to Your iPhone Without iTunesNext PostOutlook Premium Is Now Available to Everyone 2 comments Write a Comment Bhavik Solanki February 15, 2017 at 5:50 am It's Great information. Now we can save our favourite place in google maps. It's Wonderful information because many people don't know about this. Reply netexas February 14, 2017 at 9:19 pm Since this is just for iOS and android, does that mean those of us computer Windows users won't have this use with Google Maps? Reply Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Dave Parrack 1682 articles Dave Parrack is the Tech News writer and Entertainment editor at MakeUseOf. He hails from the UK, where he enjoys eating, drinking, and sleeping. Kinda like a cat. Advertisement Latest Giveaways Skriware 3D Printer Review and Giveaway Skriware 3D Printer Review and Giveaway Blackview P2 Review and Giveaway Blackview P2 Review and Giveaway Chuwi Lapbook 14.1 Review and Giveaway Chuwi Lapbook 14.1 Review and Giveaway Advertisement Advertisement Affiliate Disclosure: By buying the products we recommend, you help keep the lights on at MakeUseOf. Read more. Subscribe to Our Newsletter Email: Scroll down for the next article © 2017 MakeUseOf. All Rights Reserved.
9to5Mac 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Android Chrome/OS Guides Android Android Wear Android Auto Nexus Chromebook Google Apps Android TV YouTube Trending in Google Corporate Hands-on with Toast’s real-wood cover for the Google Pixel/Pixel XL [Gallery] Trending in Google Corporate Best Android phones you can buy [February 2017] Trending in Google Corporate Comment: Lenovo’s new Yoga A12 Android tablet is just begging to be a Chromebook Trending in Google Corporate Opinion: Five features that I want with the second-generation Google Pixel Trending in Google Corporate Google Home now supports over 70 apps and services, here are some of the most useful Trending in Google Corporate Hands on with Colorware’s new skins for Google Pixel/Pixel XL [Gallery] February 14 GOOG: 820.45 1.21 YouTube Kids is coming to smart TVs, gets more content for its 2nd birthday Stephen Hall - Feb. 14th 2017 8:39 am PT @hallstephenj YouTube Kids View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit I guess announcing some new content and features to celebrate an app’s second birthday is a bit fitting for an app made to be used primarily by kids. Over at the YouTube blog, Google has announced that the YouTube Kids app is getting a plethora of new content in the coming months, as well as that the app is coming to smart TVs… Marking the “first time YouTube Red has invested in creators who are producing original programming for family audiences,” Google has four new series’ debuting this Spring: Our Original Content team under Susanne Daniels is adding four new Original series to YouTube Red, created especially with the YouTube Kids app in mind. These new series will feature top creators: DanTDM , Joe and Cody of TheAtlanticCraft, popular tween music act L2M, and Fruit Ninja. You can read more details about the new shows over at Google’s YouTube blog. Google also says that more shows are in development and will be debuting throughout the year. Also, Google has announced that the YouTube Kids app is coming to smart TVs in the near future. It’s not clear exactly which models will be getting the app, but the company says that it will be arriving on “a number” of “internet-connected LG and Samsung Smart TVs.” Guides YouTube Kids View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options. Post to Cancel
9to5Mac 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Android Chrome/OS Guides Android Android Wear Android Auto Nexus Chromebook Google Apps Android TV YouTube Trending in Google Corporate Hands-on with Toast’s real-wood cover for the Google Pixel/Pixel XL [Gallery] Trending in Google Corporate Best Android phones you can buy [February 2017] Trending in Google Corporate Comment: Lenovo’s new Yoga A12 Android tablet is just begging to be a Chromebook Trending in Google Corporate Opinion: Five features that I want with the second-generation Google Pixel Trending in Google Corporate Google Home now supports over 70 apps and services, here are some of the most useful Trending in Google Corporate Hands on with Colorware’s new skins for Google Pixel/Pixel XL [Gallery] February 14 GOOG: 820.45 1.21 Google Clock app updated w/ easier navigation, bolder font, seconds in ‘Digital’ style Abner Li - Feb. 14th 2017 8:46 am PT @technacity Apps & Updates Google Clock View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit The clock app is a basic, but fundamental and frequently used function on any device. From waking up to setting cooking timers, it’s important for a clock app to be intuitive. An update now rolling out to Google’s Clock app brings some minor tweaks makes the jump to version 5.0… Compared to version 4.6.1, users will immediately notice that tabs for the four core functions are now larger and clearly labeled. The size increase of the icons should have been enough to help distinguish between the functions, but text labels never hurt. For those who weren’t aware that you can swipe between the panes, tabs now evenly stretch the full width of the display for easier navigation. (In this writer’s opinion, Google should have probably just switched to a bottom bar navigation.) Additionally, the font is now much bolder as especially evident in ‘Timer.’ In terms of functionality, the ‘Digital’ style for time now has the option to show seconds with a dedicated toggle in settings. Previously, that feature was restricted to the analog mode. Also under the clock functionality, time zones now list how far behind/ahead a displayed city is to your current time zone. Update: Another new feature is the ability to set any audio file as your alarm or timer sound. Unfortunately, downloaded Play Music songs cannot be selected. Scroll down to ‘Timer sound’ in settings to change. Version 5.0 of Clock is slowly rolling out now via the Play Store. Guides Google Clock View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options. Post to Cancel
Sections SEO SEM Mobile Local Retail Google Bing Social Home Submit Follow Us Follow SEO SEM Mobile Local Retail Google Bing Social More Submit Follow SUBSCRIBE Subscribe Search Engine Land AdWords Auctions Here's how Google's own ads impact bids & pricing AMP Change Google makes it easier to share publishers' real URLs Subscribe to SearchCap SUBSCRIBE SEO SEM Mobile Local Retail Google Bing Social Home SEO Everything you need to know about SEO, delivered every Thursday. SUBSCRIBE Google: No comment on possibility of a Feb. 7 algorithm update Did your rankings in Google get better or worse over the past week? Many webmasters and SEOs are noticing some significant changes in Google's search rankings algorithm. Barry Schwartz on February 13, 2017 at 2:18 pm More Last Tuesday, Feb. 7, there seems to have been a Google algorithm change that adjusted how many sites rank — both for good and bad. I’ve been tracking the update since Feb. 8, and over time, more and more webmasters and SEOs have been taking notice of the ranking changes at Google. This seems to be unrelated to the unconfirmed link algorithm change from earlier in February. This new update seems to be more related to Panda, based on such things as content and site quality, versus link factors. Google has not confirmed the update and would not comment on what webmasters and SEOs have been noticing over the past week in the search results. So we cannot confirm if this was a content quality shift, link quality change or something else. But what we can say is that webmasters and SEOs are very busy noticing these ranking changes, through looking at ranking reports or their traffic from Google in their analytics, or using tracking tools that track visibility and other means. The automated tracking tools from Mozcast, RankRanger, Accuranker and others also all showed evidence of an algorithm update on Feb. 7. This update seems to have been somewhat significant, which is why we reached out to Google for a comment. If we hear more from Google, we will update you. But for now, this is all based on the conversation and chatter that I track closely within the industry. About The Author Barry Schwartz Barry Schwartz is Search Engine Land's News Editor and owns RustyBrick, a NY based web consulting firm. He also runs Search Engine Roundtable, a popular search blog on very advanced SEM topics. Barry can be followed on social media at @rustybrick, +BarrySchwartz and Facebook. For more background information on Barry, see his full bio and disclosures, click over here. Related Topics Channel: SEOGoogle: Algorithm UpdatesGoogle: SEOGoogle: Web Search Sponsored We're listening. Have something to say about this article? Share it with us on Facebook, Twitter or our LinkedIn Group. Attend Our Conferences March 21-23, 2017: SMX West June 2017: SMX Advanced October 24-26, 2017: SMX East × Attend SMX - Click Here Learn More About Our SMX Events Gain new strategies and insights at the intersection of marketing, technology, and management. Our next conference will be held: May 9-11, 2017: MarTech San Francisco October 2-4, 2017: MarTech Boston × Attend MarTech - Click Here Learn More About Our MarTech Events Take the MarTech Quiz Think you know martech? Find out by taking this 3-minute quiz. See how you score and share it with friends! Let's Get Started White Papers The Facebook Advertising Ecosystem The Digital Marketer’s Guide to AI-Powered CRO Using Marketing Automation and Sales Strategy as a Foundation for Profitable Growth Website Redesign RFP: A Step-By-Step Guide To Creating An RFP For Your Website Project How to Use Live Chat to Increase Conversion See More Whitepapers Webcasts Build Your Ultimate Martech Stack Intro to Agile Marketing: Work faster and smarter by changing how you work Creative is Complicated: Tips for better brand/agency collaboration See More Webcasts Research Reports Content Marketing Tools B2B Predictive Marketing Analytics Platforms Social Media Management Software Call Analytics Platforms Paid Media Campaign Management Platforms B2B Marketing Automation Platforms See More Research The Periodic Table of Seo Success Sign up for our daily newsletter. SUBSCRIBE Follow Us © 2017 Third Door Media, Inc. All rights reserved.
Sections SEO SEM Mobile Local Retail Google Bing Social Home Submit Follow Us Follow SEO SEM Mobile Local Retail Google Bing Social More Submit Follow SUBSCRIBE Subscribe Search Engine Land AdWords Auctions Here's how Google's own ads impact bids & pricing AMP Change Google makes it easier to share publishers' real URLs Subscribe to SearchCap SUBSCRIBE SEO SEM Mobile Local Retail Google Bing Social Home Industry Get the best search news, tips and resources, delivered each day. SUBSCRIBE SearchCap: Google algorithm changes, Google Maps lists & people also ask Barry Schwartz on February 13, 2017 at 4:13 pm More Below is what happened in search today, as reported on Search Engine Land and from other places across the web. From Search Engine Land: Google: No comment on possibility of a Feb. 7 algorithm update Feb 13, 2017 by Barry Schwartz Did your rankings in Google get better or worse over the past week? Many webmasters and SEOs are noticing some significant changes in Google’s search rankings algorithm. 7 tips for small manufacturers thinking about using AdWords Feb 13, 2017 by Dianna Huff New to AdWords? Feeling intimidated? In this helpful how-to, columnist Dianna Huff explains how to start small with AdWords so that you can be successful, even if you’ve never done a paid search campaign before. ‘Things to do near me’ SEO Feb 13, 2017 by Andrew Shotland Columnist Andrew Shotland takes a look at the “near me” phenomenon and shares data that helps illuminate how to rank for these queries. Google Maps new feature lets users create lists of saved places that can be shared & accessed offline Feb 13, 2017 by Amy Gesenhues Users can keep track of saved places and share lists with others via text, email and popular messaging apps. What is a pangolin? Google Valentine’s Day doodle series & pangolin game come to desktop Feb 13, 2017 by Amy Gesenhues After launching its first Valentine’s Day doodle two days ago on mobile, Google is now sharing the doodle and its accompanying game on desktop. Google’s ‘people also ask’ search feature officially gains dynamic loading Feb 13, 2017 by Barry Schwartz Google’s people also ask feature has gained a new way for searchers to explore topics in the desktop and mobile search results. What is a pangolin? 1st of Google’s Valentine’s Day doodles is mobile game spotlighting endangered animal Feb 11, 2017 by Amy Gesenhues Day one of Google’s Valentine’s Day doodle series launched on mobile only and includes a game featuring the endangered pangolin species. Pinterest hires head of Google senior image search engineer Randy Keller Feb 10, 2017 by Greg Sterling Hire comes at a time when Pinterest is ramping up “visual discovery” tools. [Reminder] Upcoming Webinar: 5 Disruptions Reshaping Marketing As We Know It Feb 10, 2017 by Digital Marketing Depot Most marketers still look at digital as a marketing channel. But digital is no longer just a website or mobile app. Nearly everything in the world is becoming connected and acquiring digital properties. The marketing world is in the middle of five major disruptions that are reshaping the industry. Microservices, artificial intelligence (AI) and vertical […] Florida court: Google permitted to delist sites regarded as spam under First Amendment Feb 10, 2017 by Greg Sterling The e-ventures Worldwide, LLC vs. Google case should have been dismissed earlier. Recent Headlines From Marketing Land, Our Sister Site Dedicated To Internet Marketing: Report: Facebook activity dwindles in 2016, influencer marketing is up Performance and integration: The foundation of marketing technology stack success The impact (and lack thereof) of Google’s mobile popup algorithm Why brands should embrace UGC as part of their marketing strategy Report: Marketers like AI-based tools, but think they already have them Beyond the Like: Measuring Facebook Reactions Report: more than 13 million proximity sensors now deployed globally Google image search lead Randy Keller jumps to Pinterest Search News From Around The Web: Industry Inside the Google News team, Business Insider Local & Maps Apple Maps gains public transit directions for Detroit/Windsor area, iphone.appleinsider.com Celebrate Valentine’s Day with Google Earth, Google Earth Blog Yelp Is Starting to Solicit Reviews for Business Owners — and That’s a Good Thing, Screenwerk Link Building What is Google’s Penguin Algorithm, Really? [RESEARCH], Search Engine Journal SEO 3 Major SEO Steps for a Website Relaunch, Search Engine Journal Ask Yoast: stop words in your focus keyword?, Yoast Dumbest Reasons to Hire a Local SEO Company or Person, LocalVisibilitySystem.com Google John Mueller On Fast Track Indexing Vs. Normal Indexing, Search Engine Roundtable Reporting Search Performance in Google Data Studio, online-behavior.com The Google Algorithm Update On February 7th Was Big, Search Engine Roundtable What Does Machine Learning and AI Really Mean for SEO?, Builtvisible SEM / Paid Search Search Marketing Communication Overload: Keeping Up with Google Search’s Constant Updates, Search Engine Journal How to Uncover Hidden Keyword-Level Data Using Google Sheets, Moz About The Author Barry Schwartz Barry Schwartz is Search Engine Land's News Editor and owns RustyBrick, a NY based web consulting firm. He also runs Search Engine Roundtable, a popular search blog on very advanced SEM topics. Barry can be followed on social media at @rustybrick, +BarrySchwartz and Facebook. For more background information on Barry, see his full bio and disclosures, click over here. Related Topics Channel: IndustrySearchCap Sponsored We're listening. Have something to say about this article? Share it with us on Facebook, Twitter or our LinkedIn Group. Attend Our Conferences March 21-23, 2017: SMX West June 2017: SMX Advanced October 24-26, 2017: SMX East × Attend SMX - Click Here Learn More About Our SMX Events Gain new strategies and insights at the intersection of marketing, technology, and management. Our next conference will be held: May 9-11, 2017: MarTech San Francisco October 2-4, 2017: MarTech Boston × Attend MarTech - Click Here Learn More About Our MarTech Events Take the MarTech Quiz Think you know martech? Find out by taking this 3-minute quiz. See how you score and share it with friends! Let's Get Started White Papers The Facebook Advertising Ecosystem The Digital Marketer’s Guide to AI-Powered CRO Using Marketing Automation and Sales Strategy as a Foundation for Profitable Growth Website Redesign RFP: A Step-By-Step Guide To Creating An RFP For Your Website Project How to Use Live Chat to Increase Conversion See More Whitepapers Webcasts Build Your Ultimate Martech Stack Intro to Agile Marketing: Work faster and smarter by changing how you work Creative is Complicated: Tips for better brand/agency collaboration See More Webcasts Research Reports Content Marketing Tools B2B Predictive Marketing Analytics Platforms Social Media Management Software Call Analytics Platforms Paid Media Campaign Management Platforms B2B Marketing Automation Platforms See More Research The Periodic Table of Seo Success Sign up for our daily newsletter. SUBSCRIBE Follow Us © 2017 Third Door Media, Inc. All rights reserved.
Sections SEO SEM Mobile Local Retail Google Bing Social Home Submit Follow Us Follow SEO SEM Mobile Local Retail Google Bing Social More Submit Follow SUBSCRIBE Subscribe Search Engine Land AdWords Auctions Here's how Google's own ads impact bids & pricing AMP Change Google makes it easier to share publishers' real URLs Subscribe to SearchCap SUBSCRIBE SEO SEM Mobile Local Retail Google Bing Social Home SEO Everything you need to know about SEO, delivered every Thursday. SUBSCRIBE Google featured snippets now often followed by the ‘people also ask’ box The 'people also ask' gets more frequent and prominent placement in Google. Barry Schwartz on February 14, 2017 at 9:39 am More Google has made a change to the featured snippets where often, right after the featured snippets are displayed in the search results, the “people also ask” box follows. This started happening yesterday, and it can be found for many of the queries that trigger a featured snippet. It does not show for all, but it does show for many. Here are two screen shots of how it looks with the people also ask directly after the featured snippets: Here is an example of a featured snippet that currently doesn’t have the “people also ask” feature after it: It is unclear if this change is a new search feature or a bug with the search results. About The Author Barry Schwartz Barry Schwartz is Search Engine Land's News Editor and owns RustyBrick, a NY based web consulting firm. He also runs Search Engine Roundtable, a popular search blog on very advanced SEM topics. Barry can be followed on social media at @rustybrick, +BarrySchwartz and Facebook. For more background information on Barry, see his full bio and disclosures, click over here. Related Topics Channel: SEOGoogle: OneBox, Plus Box & Direct AnswersGoogle: SEOGoogle: Web Search Sponsored We're listening. Have something to say about this article? Share it with us on Facebook, Twitter or our LinkedIn Group. Attend Our Conferences March 21-23, 2017: SMX West June 2017: SMX Advanced October 24-26, 2017: SMX East × Attend SMX - Click Here Learn More About Our SMX Events Gain new strategies and insights at the intersection of marketing, technology, and management. Our next conference will be held: May 9-11, 2017: MarTech San Francisco October 2-4, 2017: MarTech Boston × Attend MarTech - Click Here Learn More About Our MarTech Events Take the MarTech Quiz Think you know martech? Find out by taking this 3-minute quiz. See how you score and share it with friends! Let's Get Started White Papers User Engagement Top 100 Report: Email Marketing in E-Commerce Diversity is Key to Understanding Corporate Video 6 Steps to Creating High Converting Native Ads The Facebook Advertising Ecosystem The Digital Marketer’s Guide to AI-Powered CRO See More Whitepapers Webinars Build Your Ultimate Martech Stack Intro to Agile Marketing: Work faster and smarter by changing how you work Creative is Complicated: Tips for better brand/agency collaboration See More Webinars Research Reports Content Marketing Tools B2B Predictive Marketing Analytics Platforms Social Media Management Software Call Analytics Platforms Paid Media Campaign Management Platforms B2B Marketing Automation Platforms See More Research The Periodic Table of Seo Success Sign up for our daily newsletter. SUBSCRIBE Follow Us © 2017 Third Door Media, Inc. All rights reserved.
Home About The RealtyBizNews Team Contacts Advertise with Us Contributing Writers RealtyBizNews: Real Estate News With the latest on mortgages, refinancing, real estate & home tips Realtors US Real Estate Commercial Featured News Technology Investing Memphis Real Estate International Press Release You are here: Home / Technology / Mobile Apps / Google Maps Adds New feature Google Maps Adds New feature February 13, 2017 by Allison Halliday Leave a Comment Subscribe to our RSS feed to get the latest realty news. You can get our headlines via email as well, or follow us on Twitter. According to an article in The Verge.com, Google Maps has just introduced a new feature, giving rise to the question as to whether it is intending to become a social network. Apparently, it is now possible for users to create lists of favorite locations that can be shared with friends or family. There is also the ability to follow other people’s lists of favorite places. Users can send their favorite locations to others through social media, messaging apps, or by text or email. The update which has just been released is available for IOS and Android and is supposed to provide users with a better way to organize favorite restaurants, coffee shops and attractions such as museums and galleries in one location. The ability to create lists through Google Maps isn’t new, as it has been available for quite some time through the Local Guides program, but up until now, this function wasn’t available to all users. For quite some time, Google has assumed that people wish to use Google Maps for other purposes other than finding the best route from A to B. Just recently it has introduced a whole raft of additional features allowing people to tell whether it is easy to park in a particular neighborhood or to call an Uber through the app. The article raises the question as to whether the ability to share lists of locations through Google Maps is more like something you’d find on Facebook than through Google, and exactly how much people use Google Maps. Google has already mapped most of the world through Street View and uses real-time traffic updates through Waze. It includes all the most popular attractions and businesses, as well as ratings and comments that could only previously be sourced through others rating sites such as Yelp. Now, the hope is that users will take this information, personalizing it, and sending it to others. About Allison Halliday Allison Halliday is a Realty Biz News contributing writer. She handles International Real Estate and is a seasoned blogger. Speak Your Mind Cancel reply Name * Email * Website Follow Realty Biz News In other news… Make Sure You Purchase The Right Apartment When It Comes To Personal Comfort Fed’s imminent grand monetary policy experiment is making everyone worried about the U.S housing market recovery 3 Benefits of Using Real Estate CRM How to Market Yourself as a Freelancer Keller Williams Unveils New Product Strategy, Technology Roadmap and Vision Tips and tricks of the trade Make Sure You Purchase The Right Apartment When It Comes To Personal Comfort February 16, 2017 By Allison Halliday 3 Benefits of Using Real Estate CRM How to Market Yourself as a Freelancer Tips to Clean and Maintain Your Air Conditioning System  Real Estate Market Today Catalysts that are Predicting a Positive Outlook for REITS in 2017 January 23, 2017 By Chris Porter Trulia warns of shrinking home inventories Digital Realtor Roundup: Memphis, Tennessee Digital Realtor Roundup: Cleveland, Ohio Real Estate Technology Snaplytics Releases Largest Survey Report Ever on Snapchat Trends among Brands February 15, 2017 By press release 5 Things You Need to Know to Successfully Market An App How to write real estate ads that sell fast Equator Celebrates 2016 Successes Highlighted by New Products and Customers All contents © Copyright 2016 RealtyBizNews · All rights reserved.
Sections SEO SEM Mobile Local Retail Google Bing Social Home Submit Follow Us Follow SEO SEM Mobile Local Retail Google Bing Social More Submit Follow SUBSCRIBE Subscribe Search Engine Land AdWords Auctions Here's how Google's own ads impact bids & pricing AMP Change Google makes it easier to share publishers' real URLs Subscribe to SearchCap SUBSCRIBE SEO SEM Mobile Local Retail Google Bing Social Home Consumer Get the best search news, tips and resources, delivered each day. SUBSCRIBE What is a pangolin? Google Valentine’s Day doodle series & pangolin game come to desktop After launching its first Valentine's Day doodle two days ago on mobile, Google is now sharing the doodle and its accompanying game on desktop. Amy Gesenhues on February 13, 2017 at 9:15 am More Google is using this Valentine’s Day to show its love for the pangolin, an endangered animal whose natural habitat stretches across Asia and Africa. According to Google, the animal is not only the world’s only scaly mammal, it is also the world’s most trafficked mammal. To raise awareness around the threat these animals face from poachers and smugglers, the site has created different versions of its Valentine’s Day Doodle game. In each, a pangolin makes its way across various terrains like Ghana, India and China — collecting cocoa beans, musical notes and, today, ribbons. Google’s Valentine’s Day doodle series began over the weekend when the site launched the first of its doodles, but only on mobile. Since Saturday, Google has used its doodle to promote different types of pangolins — today’s featured species is the Chinese pangolin. Each of the doodles include a sharing icon, a heart icon that displayed a variety of pangolin facts and a search icon that serves up results for “what is a pangolin” query. Today is the first day the doodle has displayed on Google’s desktop home page as well as on mobile. To help save the pangolins, the Google Doodle Blog points readers to the World Wildlife Fund: “To learn more about the pangolin’s plight and to support WWF’s efforts to save the pangolin and other endangered species.” About The Author Amy Gesenhues Amy Gesenhues is Third Door Media's General Assignment Reporter, covering the latest news and updates for Search Engine Land and Marketing Land. From 2009 to 2012, she was an award-winning syndicated columnist for a number of daily newspapers from New York to Texas. With more than ten years of marketing management experience, she has contributed to a variety of traditional and online publications, including MarketingProfs.com, SoftwareCEO.com, and Sales and Marketing Management Magazine. Read more of Amy's articles. Related Topics Channel: ConsumerGoogle: Logos Sponsored We're listening. Have something to say about this article? Share it with us on Facebook, Twitter or our LinkedIn Group. Attend Our Conferences March 21-23, 2017: SMX West June 2017: SMX Advanced October 24-26, 2017: SMX East × Attend SMX - Click Here Learn More About Our SMX Events Gain new strategies and insights at the intersection of marketing, technology, and management. Our next conference will be held: May 9-11, 2017: MarTech San Francisco October 2-4, 2017: MarTech Boston × Attend MarTech - Click Here Learn More About Our MarTech Events Take the MarTech Quiz Think you know martech? Find out by taking this 3-minute quiz. See how you score and share it with friends! Let's Get Started White Papers The Facebook Advertising Ecosystem The Digital Marketer’s Guide to AI-Powered CRO Using Marketing Automation and Sales Strategy as a Foundation for Profitable Growth Website Redesign RFP: A Step-By-Step Guide To Creating An RFP For Your Website Project How to Use Live Chat to Increase Conversion See More Whitepapers Webcasts Build Your Ultimate Martech Stack Intro to Agile Marketing: Work faster and smarter by changing how you work Creative is Complicated: Tips for better brand/agency collaboration See More Webcasts Research Reports Content Marketing Tools B2B Predictive Marketing Analytics Platforms Social Media Management Software Call Analytics Platforms Paid Media Campaign Management Platforms B2B Marketing Automation Platforms See More Research The Periodic Table of Seo Success Sign up for our daily newsletter. SUBSCRIBE Follow Us © 2017 Third Door Media, Inc. All rights reserved.
Sections SEO SEM Mobile Local Retail Google Bing Social Home Submit Follow Us Follow SEO SEM Mobile Local Retail Google Bing Social More Submit Follow SUBSCRIBE Subscribe Search Engine Land AdWords Auctions Here's how Google's own ads impact bids & pricing AMP Change Google makes it easier to share publishers' real URLs Subscribe to SearchCap SUBSCRIBE SEO SEM Mobile Local Retail Google Bing Social Home Mobile The best news in mobile marketing every Thursday. SUBSCRIBE Google Maps new feature lets users create lists of saved places that can be shared & accessed offline Users can keep track of saved places and share lists with others via text, email and popular messaging apps. Amy Gesenhues on February 13, 2017 at 10:30 am More Google Maps has added a new list-making feature that lets users save locations to a specified list so that it can be accessed later — even offline — and shared with other users. To save a location in Google Maps, tap on its name and then the “Save” icon to add it to a list. Lists of saved places can be organized under preset lists Google has already named, like “Want to go” or “Favorites,” or users can create a new list. Google says lists can be shared by text and email, on social networks and via popular messaging apps. From the Google Maps Blog: Whenever friends and family come to town, tap the share button to get a link and start flexing your local knowledge muscles. Once you send a link to your out-of-towners, they can tap “Follow” to pull up the list from Your Places whenever they need it. Google posted the following video to show how the new feature works: Google says the new list-making feature in Google Maps works on both desktop and Android and iOS mobile devices. About The Author Amy Gesenhues Amy Gesenhues is Third Door Media's General Assignment Reporter, covering the latest news and updates for Search Engine Land and Marketing Land. From 2009 to 2012, she was an award-winning syndicated columnist for a number of daily newspapers from New York to Texas. With more than ten years of marketing management experience, she has contributed to a variety of traditional and online publications, including MarketingProfs.com, SoftwareCEO.com, and Sales and Marketing Management Magazine. Read more of Amy's articles. Related Topics Channel: MobileGoogleGoogle: Maps & LocalGoogle: Mobile Sponsored We're listening. Have something to say about this article? Share it with us on Facebook, Twitter or our LinkedIn Group. Attend Our Conferences March 21-23, 2017: SMX West June 2017: SMX Advanced October 24-26, 2017: SMX East × Attend SMX - Click Here Learn More About Our SMX Events Gain new strategies and insights at the intersection of marketing, technology, and management. Our next conference will be held: May 9-11, 2017: MarTech San Francisco October 2-4, 2017: MarTech Boston × Attend MarTech - Click Here Learn More About Our MarTech Events Take the MarTech Quiz Think you know martech? Find out by taking this 3-minute quiz. See how you score and share it with friends! Let's Get Started White Papers The Facebook Advertising Ecosystem The Digital Marketer’s Guide to AI-Powered CRO Using Marketing Automation and Sales Strategy as a Foundation for Profitable Growth Website Redesign RFP: A Step-By-Step Guide To Creating An RFP For Your Website Project How to Use Live Chat to Increase Conversion See More Whitepapers Webcasts Build Your Ultimate Martech Stack Intro to Agile Marketing: Work faster and smarter by changing how you work Creative is Complicated: Tips for better brand/agency collaboration See More Webcasts Research Reports Content Marketing Tools B2B Predictive Marketing Analytics Platforms Social Media Management Software Call Analytics Platforms Paid Media Campaign Management Platforms B2B Marketing Automation Platforms See More Research The Periodic Table of Seo Success Sign up for our daily newsletter. SUBSCRIBE Follow Us © 2017 Third Door Media, Inc. All rights reserved.
Edition: Global   One News Page “Probably the fastest-access news portal in the world” HOME WORLD SPORTS POLITICS BUSINESS PEOPLE SCITECH Science  • Technology •  Computer Industry Internet Automotive One News Page > Technology > Android Instant Apps Is Rolling Out To Some Smartphones and Apps Android Instant Apps Is Rolling Out To Some Smartphones and Apps Tuesday, 14 February 2017 (2 days ago) Last month, we reported that Google started a limited live trial for Instant Apps, after announcing the new feature during last year’s edition of Google I/O. Now it seems that some users can already enjoy the feature and Wish seems to be the first app to employ it. The whole concept behind Instant Apps is to allow users to open and use applications from anywhere, without having to actually install them first. Google has been slowly but surely testing the feature, which has started to be made available to more and more users. According to Ausdroid, Instant Apps doesn’t work for anyone, but some users can set it up and try it easily. They simply need to go to the Settings menu on Android phones, tap Google Settings, find Instant Apps setting and tap the switch to enable it. Users must read and agree to terms and conditions, before the feature can be enabled. Instant Apps ... » View on web 0 shares Share on FacebookShare on TwitterPost on  RedditShare by Email   Source: EFE Tech - 6 days ago< > Embed Apps That Will Help You Sleep Like A Baby Tonight 01:18 We always blame our favorite devices, like our cell phones and tablets, of affecting our sleep. But it actually all depends on how you use them. Here are the best apps that will help you sleep like a baby. Sorry sheep, but you guys are clearly no longer needed. Recent related news Some Pixel and Nexus owners can begin using Android Instant Apps nowLast month, Google announced a limited test for Android Instant Apps, a platform that allows users to run software without installing it to their device. Now,... Digital Trends 2 days ago - Technology Google Instant Apps begin rolling out; here’s how it worksAnnounced at Google I/O last year, Android Instant Apps have started to roll out for some people, and Wish is the first one to hit the shelves. Google late last... BGR India 1 day ago - Technology Windows 10 to Support Android Phones for Shared ExperiencesMicrosoft announced during the Windows Developer Day that Project Rome is being updated with new capabilities, including support for Android apps for the Shared... Softpedia 1 week ago - TechnologyAlso reported by •Digital Trends •The Verge Android Pay on Wear 2.0 Won’t Work if the Phone’s Bootloader is UnlockedGoogle released Android Wear 2.0 yesterday and introduced the first new smartwatches to run on the new mobile OS right out of the box. The list of smartwatches... Softpedia 1 week ago - Technology Google rolls out Instant Tethering feature for Pixel, Nexus 6, 6P and 5X smartphonesGoogle’s Instant Tethering – a feature for Android 7.0 Nougat that allows a seamless and automatically sharing of cellular data over Wi-Fi – has been... BGR India 3 days ago - Technology Useful Ways of Installing Apps Apart from Google PlaySince the advent of smart devices, there are millions of apps being developed regularly. Now, there are endless apps available on the web. Whenever you want to... WorldNews 1 week ago - Front PageAlso reported by •Digital Trends Windows Phones Really Have an App Quality ProblemLong-time Windows phone users are certainly aware that one of the most criticized aspects of Microsoft’s smartphone platform was the lack of apps, mostly... Softpedia 5 days ago - TechnologyAlso reported by •BGR India •Digital Trends Microsoft Bringing Picture-in-Picture on Windows 10With Windows 10 build 15031, Microsoft is introducing a new feature called Compact Overlay window, which is essentially picture-in-picture support for universal... Softpedia 1 week ago - Technology You Might Like Other recent news in Technology Amazon Echo and GOOGLE Home want to be your new house phone There's a neat 'LEGO BATMAN' Easter egg hidden in Apple's SIri (AAPL) Siri's latest EASTER EGG lets you become 'Lego Batman' Apple’s IPHONE 8 to Ditch Home Button in Favor of Virtual Capacitive Buttons NINTENDO SWITCH vs. Xbox One: How does the Switch stack up? Sony kills PLAYSTATION NOW streaming service on PS3, Vita, and Bravia TVs Comcast’s XFINITY STREAM app offers subscribers live TV and DVR content on the go LONDON DUNGEON apologises for offensive tweets ELON MUSK accidentally tweets that Trump's ban is 'not right' Gold and Silver Pokémon Coming to POKéMON GO Twitter Facebook Page People Donald Trump Roddy Piper Kanye West José Mourinho Carmelo Anthony Current Topics Malaysia Arrests Fox News Venezuela Increase Spending Stuart McLean Spotlight 📺 Live TV Movie Reviews Staff Stories The Nokia Comeback Rolls On - As An Old Favorite Returns Who Won Big At The 2017 BAFTAs? Remembering Al Jarreau Will British Citizens Get EU Passports? MOVIE REVIEW: The Founder Is YouTube Going Offline? No, Not In That Way MOVIE REVIEW: Christine Is Marvel's Biggest Cinematic Hit On The Horizon? Environmentally friendly: One News Page is hosted on servers powered solely by renewable energy © 2017 One News Page Ltd. All Rights Reserved.  |  About us  |  Disclaimer  |  Press Room  |  Terms & Conditions  |  Privacy Policy  |  Content Accreditation  RSS  |  News for my Website  |  Free news search widget  |  Help  |  Contact us  |  DMCA / Content Removal How are we doing? Send us your feedback  |   LIKE us on Facebook   FOLLOW us on Twitter   FIND us on Google+
Don't Miss: CW@50: A look back at Y2K in cartoons 5 new threats to your personal data Newsletters Resources/White Papers Search computerworld Sign In | Register Hi! Here are the latest Insider stories. Smackdown: Office 365 vs. G Suite productivity 3 enterprise-strength file sync services to check out Smartphone CPUs put desktops to shame Quarter of firms can't fill open infosec positions More Insider Sign Out Search for Suggestions for you Insider email Cloud Computing All Cloud Computing Cloud Security Cloud Storage Hybrid Cloud Private Cloud Public Cloud Computer Hardware All Computer Hardware Apple Mac Chromebooks Computer Peripherals Computer Processors Solid State Drives Windows PCs Consumerization of IT All Consumerization of IT Bring Your Own Device (BYOD) Home Tech Personal Technology Data Center All Data Center Data Storage Disaster Recovery High-Performance Computing (HPC) Infrastructure Management Sustainable IT Virtualization Emerging Technology All Emerging Technology 3D Printing Artificial Intelligence Car Tech Environment Internet of Things Robotics Space Technology Wearables Enterprise Applications All Enterprise Applications Application Development Big Data Business Intelligence (BI) CRM Collaboration Data Analytics Database Management Desktop Apps Enterprise Architecture Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP) Java Development Open Source Social Business Software as a Service (SaaS) Unified Communications (UC) IT Management All IT Management Digital Transformation H-1B IT Careers IT Industry IT Outsourcing IT Project Management IT Skills & Training Technology Law & Regulation Internet All Internet E-commerce Search Social Media Web Apps Web Browsers Mobile & Wireless All Mobile & Wireless Android Apple iOS Mobile Apps Mobile Device Management Mobile Payments Mobile Security Smartphones Tablets Windows 10 Mobile Wireless Carriers Networking All Networking Network Security Servers Wireless Networking Operating Systems All Operating Systems Chrome OS Linux MacOS Windows 10 Security All Security Application Security Cyberattacks Cybercrime & Hacking Data Privacy Data Security Encryption Endpoint Security Malware & Vulnerabilities Vertical IT All Vertical IT Financial Services IT Government IT Healthcare IT Retail IT Small Enterprise IT All Topics News Features Reviews Blogs Opinions Insider Shark Tank Slideshows Video Digital Magazine Digital Downloads Newsletters Computerworld Events Resources/White Papers × Close Home Emerging Technology Artificial Intelligence News Google crams machine learning into smartwatches in A.I. push Google researchers are lowering the bar on hardware needed to perform artificial intelligence tasks By Agam Shah | Follow U.S. Correspondent, IDG News Service | Feb 13, 2017 12:10 PM PT Email a friend To Use commas to separate multiple email addresses From 
		     Privacy Policy Thank you Your message has been sent. Sorry There was an error emailing this page. Credit: LG More like this Google wants to add A.I. to Raspberry Pi gadgets Review: The best frameworks for machine learning and deep learning As Watson matures, IBM plans more AI hardware and software Video Mingis on Tech: Floating solar panels, a VR update -- and Tom Brady? Google is bringing artificial intelligence to a whole new set of devices, including Android Wear 2.0 smartwatches and the Raspberry Pi board, later this year. These devices don't require a set of powerful CPUs and GPUs to carry out machine-learning tasks. Google researchers are instead trying to lighten the hardware load to carry out basic A.I. tasks, as exhibited by last week's release of the Android Wear 2.0 operating system for wearables. [ Further reading: 3 months with Google Home: Fun, functional, and frustrating ] Google has added basic A.I. features to smartwatches with Android Wear 2.0, and those features can work within the limited memory and CPU constraints of wearables. Android Wear 2.0 has a "smart reply" feature, which provides basic responses to conversations. It works much the way predictive dictionaries do, but it can auto-reply to messages based on the context of the conversation. Google uses a new way to analyze data on the fly without bogging down a smartwatch. In conventional machine-learning models, a lot of data needs to be classified and labeled to provide accurate answers. Instead, Android Wear 2.0 uses a "semi-supervised" learning technique to provide approximate answers. "We're quite surprised and excited about how well it works even on Android wearable devices with very limited computation and memory resources," Sujith Ravi, staff research scientist at Google said in a blog entry. For example, the skimmed down machine-learning model can classify a few words -- based on sentiment and other clues -- and create an answer. The machine-learning model introduces a streaming algorithm to process data, and it provides trained responses that also factor in previous interactions, word relationships and vector analysis. The process is faster because the data is analyzed and compared based on bit arrays, or in the form of 1s and 0s. That helps analyze data on the fly, which tremendously reduces the memory footprint. It doesn't go through the conventional process of referring to rich vocabulary models, which require a lot of hardware. The AI feature is not intended for sophisticated answers or analysis of a large set of complex words. The feature can be used with third-party message apps, the researchers noted. It is loosely based on the same smart-reply technology in Google's messaging Allo app, which is built from the company's Expander set of semi-supervised learning tools. The Android Wear team originally reached out to Google's researchers and expressed an interested in implementing the "smart reply" technology directly in smart devices, Ravi said.  A.I. is becoming pervasive in smartphones, PCs and electronics like Amazon's Echo Dot, but it largely relies on machine learning taking place in the cloud. Machine-learning models in the cloud are trained, a process called learning, to recognize images or speech. Conventional machine learning relies on algorithms, superfast hardware, and a huge amount of data for more accurate answers. Google's technology is different than Qualcomm's rough implementation of machine learning in mobile devices, which hooks up algorithms with digital signal processors (DSPs) for image recognition or natural language processing. Qualcomm has tuned DSPs in its upcoming Snapdragon 835 to process speech or images at higher speeds, so A.I. tasks are carried out faster.  Google has an ambitious plan to apply machine learning through its entire business. The Google Assistant -- which is also in Android Wear 2.0 -- is a visible A.I. across smartphones, TVs, and other consumer devices. The search company has TensorFlow, an open-source machine-learning framework, and has its own inferencing chip called Tensor Processing Unit. To express your thoughts on Computerworld content, visit Computerworld's Facebook page, LinkedIn page and Twitter stream. Related: Artificial Intelligence Computer Hardware Wearables 10 super-user tricks to boost Windows 10 productivity You Might Like Shop Tech Products at Amazon What Readers Like China reminds Trump that supercomputing is a race China said it plans to develop a prototype of an exascale supercomputer by the end of this year,... Project Fi has a powerful bonus feature hidden in plain sight Why you should start using Google Keep right away Newsletters Sign up and receive the latest news, reviews and trends on your favorite technology topics. Get our daily newsletter Go Say goodbye to the MS-DOS command prompt It had a good 36-year run, but its day is done. Trump eyes an H-1B visa aimed at ‘best and brightest’ President Donald Trump is considering a new way of distributing the H-1B visa to ensure they go to the... Popular Resources White Paper 10 Networking Priorities for Digital Transformation Video/Webcast Sponsored 2017 State Of The Cloud: Cloud Is Now The Engine Powering Enterprise Digital Transformation White Paper 5 Reasons to Catch 802.11ac Wave 2 White Paper 5 Ways Your Network Can Accelerate Digital Transformation eBook Sponsored Cisco Digital Network Readiness Model eBook Go Top Stories Maryland lawmaker seeks to unveil H-1B employers A Maryland lawmaker wants to require businesses in Maryland to report the number of employees they have... Who are your customers? You think you know, but it can be trickier to determine than we tend to think. Here’s some guidance. 10 tips for helming IT through ups and downs Impending mergers, ultrafast growth and sharp dips all put pressure on IT leaders to make quick... DARPA: We’re on cusp of merging human and machine Within three to five years, researchers could have a device that helps people with brain injuries form... Sponsored Links Online Master of Science in Information Systems at Northwestern University INSTANTLY dtSearch® TERABYTES OF FILE+EMAIL+DB+WEB DATA; reviews/evals Use integration, automation, & intelligence to outsmart cybercriminals. Computerworld The Voice of Business Technology Follow us Cloud Computing Computer Hardware Consumerization of IT Data Center Emerging Technology Enterprise Applications IT Management Internet Mobile & Wireless Networking Operating Systems Security Vertical IT All Topics News Features Reviews Blogs Opinions Insider Shark Tank Slideshows Video Newsletters Computerworld Events Resources/White Papers About Us Contact Privacy Policies Editorial Calendar Advertising Careers at IDG Site Map Ad Choices E-commerce Affiliate Relationships Copyright © 2017 IDG Communications, Inc. Explore the IDG Network descend CIO Computerworld CSO Greenbot IDC IDG IDG Connect IDG Knowledge Hub IDG TechNetwork IDG.TV IDG Ventures Infoworld IT News ITwhitepapers ITworld JavaWorld LinuxWorld Macworld Network World PC World TechConnect TechHive This ad will close in 20 seconds. Continue to site »
This web site uses cookies to improve your experience. By viewing our content, you are accepting the use of cookies. To find out more and change your cookie settings, please view our cookie policy. Edition: Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan Go Videos Smart City Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security Enterprise IoT more Data Centers Thought Leadership Apple Mobility IoT Enterprise Software Hardware See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Newsletters All Writers Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out Go Menu Videos Smart City Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security Enterprise IoT Data Centers Thought Leadership Apple Mobility IoT Enterprise Software Hardware See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out us Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan What's 2017's fastest Windows 10 web browser? In years past, Google Chrome was easily the best. This time around it's a three-horse race. By Steven J. Vaughan-Nichols for Networking | February 14, 2017 -- 01:47 GMT (17:47 PST) | Topic: Networking Last year, Google Chrome was the speediest Windows 10 web browser by a mile. This year, it's a different story. Picking out the best Windows 10 web browser isn't easy at all. The worse, however, by a country mile, is Internet Explorer 11. sjvn To put today's browsers to the test I ran them on the latest shipping edition of Windows 10 Home: Version 10240.17236. I ran the benchmarks on my latest Windows 10 test PC. This is a Dell XPS 8910. It's powered by a 3.4GHz Intel Core i7-6700 Quad-Core Processor, backed by a NVIDIA GeForce GTX 750Ti graphics card with 2GBs of graphics memory. This tower PC also comes with 16GBs of RAM and a Terabyte, 7,200 RPM hard drive. In short, it's a powerful machine. Diving into the Dark Web: Where does your stolen data go? If your sensitive data is stolen online, where does it go -- and who sees it? One security team found out. Read More This, in turn, is connected to a Gigabit Ethernet switch. From there, it links to the internet with a 100Mbps connection. On this system, besides Windows 10's built-in Edge 38 and Internet Explorer (IE) 11, I tested the latest versions of the most popular desktop web browsers. These are Chrome 56, Firefox 51, and Opera 43. I didn't include Safari in this round-up because Apple no longer releases new major Safari updates for Windows. The 2012 version of Safari, 5.1.7, with some security patches, is still available. For each round of testings, I ran freshly installed vanilla web browsers after rebooting the system. I then ran the following series of benchmarks. In the past, I've used RoboHornet as a test. But, like its developers, I've given up on it. This benchmark hasn't been updated since 2012. JetSteam 1.1: This JavaScript benchmark builds on the foundation of the no-longer-supported SunSpider. It combines several JavaScript benchmarks to report a single score that balances them using geometric mean. JetStream includes benchmarks from the SunSpider 1.0.2 and Octane 2 JavaScript benchmark suites. This test suite also includes benchmarks from the LLVM compiler open-source project, compiled to JavaScript using Emscripten 1.13. It also includes a benchmark based on the Apache Harmony open-source project's HashMap and a port of the Cdx real-time Java benchmark, hand-translated to JavaScript. Larger scores are better on this benchmark. While Chrome dominates on this test in Windows 7, Edge, which is only available on Windows 10, took first place on JetStream with a score of 253.83. A long way back came Chrome with a score of 213.8. This was followed by Opera with 206.16 and Firefox with 188.87. IE 11 failed on the test. IE was unable to complete the bigfib.cpp test, which computes very long Fibonacci numbers. This would prove not to be the last test IE 11 was unable to complete. Kraken 1.1: This benchmark, which is based on the now obsolete SunSpider, also measures JavaScript performance. To this basic JavaScript testing, it added typical use case scenarios. Mozilla, Firefox's parent organization, created Kraken. With this benchmark, the lower the score, the better the result. With Kraken, it was a different story. Here, Opera, which is based on Google's open-source Chromium web browser, and Blink, Google's WebKit web browser engine fork, took first with 757.5 milliseconds (ms). Opera was followed by Firefox, at 915.3ms. Edge was right behind at third place with 927.1ms. Chrome fell well behind the others with a score of 1,134.6ms. IE stunk the joint up with a miserable score of 1,692.8ms. Octane 2.0: Google's JavaScript benchmark also includes scenario testing for today's interactive web applications. Octane is not Chrome-specific. For example, it tests how fast Microsoft's TypeScript compiles itself. In this benchmark, the higher the score, the better. Google may have wrote this benchmark, but Opera won it with a score of 40,356. Chrome couldn't even take second. Second place with 38,806 went to Edge. Chrome was right on its heels with 38,352, and Firefox took the fourth spot with 35,650. IE once more failed to complete the test. This time it couldn't complete Mozilla's zlib test. This is an old benchmark from the Emscripten suite, which times LLVM-to-JavaScript compiling. Even without completing a full run, IE still came in far, far behind the others with a score of 19.926. WebXPRT is my favorite browser benchmark. It's produced by the good people at Principled Technology who specialize in benchmarking. That's none too surprising since its senior staff were the founders of the Ziff Davis Benchmark Operation, the gold-standard of PC benchmarking. WebXPRT 2015 uses scenarios created to mirror every day tasks. It contains six HTML5 and JavaScript-based workloads: Photo Enhancement, Organize Album, Stock Option Pricing, Local Notes, Sales Graphs, and Explore DNA Sequencing. Here, the higher the score, the better the browser. Edge once again took the blue ribbon with a score of 466. Nipping at its heels was Chrome with 444. Opera was right behind in third with 424 points, while Firefox came next with 416. And IE came in last again with 335. HTML5 Test: Finally, I checked to see how well each browser complies with the HTML5 web standard. This "test" isn't a benchmark. It just shows how close each browser comes to being in sync with the HTML5 standard. A perfect score, which no one got, would have been 550. Chrome took home the gold by a nose over Opera, 519 to 516. Edge came in third with a score of 460 and Firefox placed fourth with 416. Way, way back, once more, was IE -- 312. Looking purely at the scores, one thing pops out immediately. IE 11 on Windows 10 is awful. I've found IE annoying as a web browser since day one when IE was born as a spinoff from Spyglass. I, and many others, were also glad IE 6 finally died long after it became more of an annoyance than a web browser. But, with two failures to run basic tests, it appears that Microsoft is putting IE in for early retirement. Microsoft Edge, on the other hand, runs much better than it ever has before for me. Edge took the blue ribbon in both JetStream and WebXPRT. If performance were the only criteria, I'd give Edge the win. It's not. For example, I use extensions a lot. On Chrome, my main browser on all platforms, I use over a dozen extensions every day. They allow me to search through a site using Google, invoke the ZenMate virtual private network (VPN), and save pages to Google Drive. Edge finally supports extensions, but instead of thousands, Edge supports a mere 22. That's not good enough. Opera, which has been slowly dropping in popularity for years, actually shows up quite well in my tests. For the first time in ages, Opera won two of the benchmarks, Kraken and Octane. It may be time to give Opera another look. Firefox has been declining in both popularity and speed for some time now. I see no reason for this changing in this go-around. Chrome, once unquestionably the fastest of the fast, has fallen behind both Edge and Opera. While its HTML5 support is still superb, Google needs to retune it for greater speed. So, which is the best? To me, it comes down to Chrome, Edge, or Opera. Since I want one browser for all the operating systems I run and a lot of extensions, Chrome's my choice. But if pure speed is what you want, Edge or Opera are both good choices. Related Stories: Chrome is the most popular web browser of all Internet Explorer, the second-place web browser What's the best and worst browser for Windows 10? Join Discussion Powered by Livefyre Add your Comment Related Stories Mobility Spark EBITDA rises to NZ$471m as mobile, broadband grow Networking Telstra cites 'intense competition' after profit drop to AU$1.8b Networking Identity experts forming non-profit professional organization Networking Cisco's Q2 tops estimates despite revenue decline × Thank You Please review our terms of service to complete your newsletter subscription I agree to the Terms of Use, Privacy Policy and Video Services Policy. I understand I will receive a complimentary subscription to TechRepublic's News and Special Offers newsletter, and the Daily Digest newsletter (you can opt out at any time). ACCEPT & CLOSE Newsletters You have been successfully signed up. To sign up for more newsletters or to manage your account, visit the Newsletter Subscription Center. See All See All ZDNet Connect with us © 2017 CBS Interactive. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | Cookies | Ad Choice | Advertise | Terms of Use | Mobile User Agreement Visit other CBS Interactive sites: Select SiteCBS CaresCBS FilmsCBS RadioCBS.comCBSInteractiveCBSNews.comCBSSports.comChowhoundCNETCollege NetworksGameSpotLast.fmMaxPrepsMetacritic.comMoneywatchmySimonRadio.comSearch.comShopper.comShowtimeTechRepublicThe InsiderTV.comUrbanBaby.comZDNet Topics All Authors Galleries Videos About ZDNet Meet The Team Site Map RSS Feeds Reprint Policy Manage | Log Out Log In to ZDNET | Join ZDNet Membership Newsletters Site Assistance
This web site uses cookies to improve your experience. By viewing our content, you are accepting the use of cookies. To find out more and change your cookie settings, please view our cookie policy. Edition: Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan Go Videos Smart City Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security Enterprise IoT more Data Centers Thought Leadership Apple Mobility IoT Enterprise Software Hardware See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Newsletters All Writers Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out Go Menu Videos Smart City Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security Enterprise IoT Data Centers Thought Leadership Apple Mobility IoT Enterprise Software Hardware See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out us Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan How AWS' Chime, cloud business productivity apps play into Microsoft Azure, Google Cloud battle On the surface, AWS is chasing video conferencing to add another product to its portfolio. If you zoom out though, you see AWS is building a complete stack that can help it land enterprise deals and mute Microsoft and Google's advantage with Office 365 and Gmail, respectively. By Larry Dignan for Between the Lines | February 14, 2017 -- 14:04 GMT (06:04 PST) | Topic: Cloud Amazon Web Services move to enter the Web conferencing business highlights how the company is moving up the cloud services stack and aiming to somewhat nullify the competitive advantages of Microsoft, Google and IBM. Cloud TV How business leaders are embracing cloud services The cloud is disrupting traditional operating models for IT departments and entire organizations. Read More On Tuesday, AWS launched Chime, a unified communication service that'll compete with Cisco's WebEx, Microsoft's Skype for Business and a host of other tools such as Go-To-Meeting. Chime has a free basic edition, a Plus Edition for $2.50 a month and a Pro Edition for $15 a month. Chime joins WorkDocs and WorkMail as long-tail productivity plays. Also: Amazon launches video conference call service Chime | Stacking up the cloud vendors: AWS vs. Microsoft Azure, IBM, Google, Oracle | Cloud Computing: Moving to IaaS | TechRepublic: The smart person's guide to Amazon Alexa | Amazon Web Services: The smart person's guide | Amazon launches Chime to replace 'clunky and hard to use' video conferencing tools The leading enterprise cloud services giant made its name--and landed key customers--via infrastructure as a service. AWS is Amazon's most profitable business by far. However, infrastructure as a service is a commodity game and AWS has moved up the stack to offer more high value clouds. As AWS has moved up, it has become competition for companies like Oracle (databases), Microsoft (active directory), Google and IBM (artificial intelligence and machine learning). The catch here is that Google and Microsoft have a competitive advantage that AWS to date has lacked--productivity apps and software-as-a-service plays. Consider AWS' playing field: Microsoft talks about Azure's capabilities, but it's highly likely that its commercial cloud revenue is dominated by Office 365. Companies buy Office 365 and likely bridge over to Azure. Active Directory is a gateway drug to Azure. Google took it's sweet time combining its Google Cloud productivity footprint--Gmail, Apps, Drive etc.--but now has aligned it with its infrastructure stack. Like Microsoft, Google can use its productivity footprint to sell infrastructure cloud services. IBM Cloud can be lined up with its software-as-a-service portfolio and notably Watson. Oracle has infrastructure and platform cloud services, but we all know that's just table stakes to sell you its ERP, database and data cloud products. AWS has come from the other direction, but fits in with all those Clay Christensen innovation models. Company enters market with pricing and value products and eventually moves up the value chain to be a luxury brand. Think Toyota/Lexus and Honda/Acura over the decades. From an art-of-war perspective, AWS' Chime--and other productivity apps such as WorkMail--may also be about making Google and Microsoft defend their real cloud cash cows and taking their eyes off of infrastructure as a service. Google's enterprise Gmail made Microsoft improve Office in the cloud and possibly lay off its search fascination a bit. Here's a look at where business productivity sits in the AWS universe. Will front-end app approach for AWS pay off? Possibly, but it'll take time. AWS is really looking for more tools to do bulk enterprise sales. Business productivity can help that cause. Keep in mind VMware once got into front-end productivity apps and retreated. In AWS' case the business productivity play is merely part of a broader product portfolio plan. Chime, WorkDocs and WorkMail don't have to be massive hits. ZDNet Cloud TV: Accenture CTO Paul Daugherty More Cloud TV videos Cloud computing powers Nissan Leaf and will be key for autonomous driving Dunkin' Brands CISO tells how cloud solutions help them drive customer engagement and loyalty Accenture CTO Paul Daugherty on how the cloud enables the AI revolution Forrester Research's senior analyst Clement Teo gives 6 reasons why cloud is a no-brainer Join Discussion Powered by Livefyre Add your Comment Related Stories Networking Telstra cites 'intense competition' after profit drop to AU$1.8b SMBs GoDaddy Q4 solid as revenue climbs 14 percent Cloud Equinix adds Salesforce to its Cloud Exchange, plots more 2017 expansion Security How to handle changing privacy rules around the globe × Thank You Please review our terms of service to complete your newsletter subscription I agree to the Terms of Use, Privacy Policy and Video Services Policy. I understand I will receive a complimentary subscription to TechRepublic's News and Special Offers newsletter, and the Daily Digest newsletter (you can opt out at any time). ACCEPT & CLOSE Newsletters You have been successfully signed up. To sign up for more newsletters or to manage your account, visit the Newsletter Subscription Center. See All See All ZDNet Connect with us © 2017 CBS Interactive. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | Cookies | Ad Choice | Advertise | Terms of Use | Mobile User Agreement Visit other CBS Interactive sites: Select SiteCBS CaresCBS FilmsCBS RadioCBS.comCBSInteractiveCBSNews.comCBSSports.comChowhoundCNETCollege NetworksGameSpotLast.fmMaxPrepsMetacritic.comMoneywatchmySimonRadio.comSearch.comShopper.comShowtimeTechRepublicThe InsiderTV.comUrbanBaby.comZDNet Topics All Authors Galleries Videos About ZDNet Meet The Team Site Map RSS Feeds Reprint Policy Manage | Log Out Log In to ZDNET | Join ZDNet Membership Newsletters Site Assistance
Secondary Menu Home About Categories bbPress Blogging BuddyPress Events ICYMI News Plugins Polls Themes WordPress Weekly WordPress Contributors Podcast Comment Policy Contact Us Search for: Home News WordPress REST API Vulnerability Exploits Continue WordPress REST API Vulnerability Exploits Continue Sarah Gooding February 13, 2017 24 photo credit: Code & Martini by Ivana Vasilj – cc license It has been nearly two weeks since the WordPress security team disclosed an unauthenticated privilege escalation vulnerability in a REST API endpoint in 4.7 and 4.7.1. The vulnerability was patched silently and disclosure was delayed for a week to give WordPress site owners a head start on updating to 4.7.2. Last week hundreds of thousands of vulnerable sites had already been defaced and the damage reports are still rolling in. Over the weekend the attacks increased and WordPress security firms have seen more attempts blocked by their firewalls. Sucuri, the website security firm that reported the vulnerability to WordPress, was tracking the “Hacked by w4l3XzY3” campaign last week and estimated 66,000 defacements. That particular campaign has now passed 260,000 pages indexed by Google. It is one of nearly two dozen defacement campaigns targeting the vulnerability. “During the past 24 hours we have seen an average growth in defaced pages per campaign of 44%,” Wordfence CEO Mark Maunder said on Friday. “The total number of defaced pages for all these campaigns, as indexed by Google has grown from 1,496,020 to 1,893,690. That is a 26% increase in total defaced pages in just 24 hours.” Maunder referenced a Google Trends chart which he said demonstrates the success the defacement campaigns have had over the past week. The spike began on the day WordPress disclosed the vulnerability. However, White Fir Design, another company that offers security services, disputes Wordfence’s claims that 1.8 million pages were hacked. The ~2 million pages figure is cited in reports from BBC, The Enquirer, Ars Technica, CIO.com, and other publications. White Fir Design contends that the hacked pages that have been indexed by Google are not an accurate representation. Sucuri CTO Daniel Cid also does not fully agree with Wordfence’s assessment of the situation. After doing some research over the weekend, Sucuri estimates more than 50,000 sites hacked with 20-30 pages per site defaced. This would be roughly a million on the lower end of the estimate and ranges up to 1.5 million. Sucuri is also starting to see more serious attempts on the REST API vulnerability in the form of remote code execution (RCE) attacks on sites using plugins that allow for PHP execution from within posts and pages. One such campaign attempts to inject a PHP include to add content from a compromised site and then inject a backdoor hidden in /wp-content/uploads. “Defacements don’t offer economic returns, so that will likely die soon,” Cid said. “What will remain are attempts to execute commands (RCE) as it gives the attackers full control of a site – and offers multiple ways to monetize – and SPAM SEO / affiliate link / ad injections. We are starting to see them being attempted on a few sites, and that will likely be the direction this vulnerability will be misused in the coming days, weeks and possibly months.” Hackers are targeting any sites that haven’t updated to 4.7.2 – there doesn’t seem to be any pattern among them. A quick look at the Google results for the most active campaigns shows that compromised sites include blogs, media, government, education, sports, medical, and technology websites. Why the REST API is Enabled by Default The WordPress REST API is enabled by default, as the plan is for more admin and plugin functionality to rely on the REST API in the future. After the recent attacks, several users commented on the vulnerability disclosure to ask why it is enabled by default. “The security issue is in a feature I do not use on any of my sites (REST API) and yet still, this feature is first enabled by default and second since WordPress 4.7 you even need a plugin – which could introduce further security issues – to disable the feature?” one user (@helios2121) commented on the post. “Please rethink your approach to security. Make features that not everyone needs opt-in. Or at least give a way to opt out without requiring additional plugins.” Morten Rand-Hendriksen opened a trac ticket to discuss disabling the REST API by default and only enabling it when the site admin requests it, or a theme or plugin is dependent on it. Core Committer Sergey Biryukov confirmed that the plan is to introduce more core functionality that relies on REST API. “Turning off the REST API is like turning off admin-ajax.php — both will break your site,” Biryukov said. Rand-Hendriksen asked why the content endpoints cannot be protected by default while allowing the REST API to be on by default for admin purposes. Another user asked why the Users endpoint isn’t protected by default (i.e. https://news.microsoft.com/wp-json/wp/v2/users or https://www.obama.org/wp-json/wp/v2/users), which “makes it easier than ever to get all the usernames” on any site using 4.7+. “If you really want to disable the REST API on your site(s), this is our current recommendation: restrict it to authenticated users,” Core Committer James Nylen said. “However, we want to continue to increase adoption and usage of the REST API, and I expect that even this modification will break more and more WP functionality as time goes on, such as API-driven themes and embeds.” Nylen recommends the Disable JSON API plugin for those who want to follow that recommendation on sites using WordPress 4.7+. The plugin currently has more than 10,000 active installs. The WordPress security team worked diligently to mitigate the attacks by helping hosts and security firms put protections in place before the issue was made public. However, the full disclosure of the vulnerability was buried on the Make/Core blog, a site that is not widely read among regular WordPress site owners. The link to the disclosure was published as an addendum to the previous post on the WordPress news blog a week later. “While I appreciate the responsible disclosure of this issue and the effort to resolve it, I hope you consider making future announcements via a new post on the WordPress News site, rather than just appending an update to a previous post,” user @johnrork commented on the official disclosure. “I am probably not the only one who could have avoided being compromised had this shown up as a new item in my RSS reader on Wednesday.” Those who read the Make blogs had a head start on fixing their own sites and/or their clients’ sites. Those who depend on the WordPress news blog for information on security updates probably read the post when it was initially published and never returned to see the update a week later. An issue this severe warranted WordPress’ transparency in a new post on its news blog. This would have also automatically sent out a tweet to more than half a million followers on the official WordPress account and the Facebook account which has more than a million likes. Fortunately, the number of vulnerable sites that also have plugins that could allow attackers to piggyback on this vulnerability is a much smaller number. Defaced sites are embarrassing but easy to fix. In most cases administrators need only update to 4.7.2 and roll back the defaced posts to the most recent revision. Most site owners have no idea how fast exploits begin to pop up after public disclosure, but this situation provided a gentle reminder of the importance of updating WordPress and the benefit of leaving automatic updates on. Share this: Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Telegram (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pocket (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Like this: Like Loading... Related Posted in News Tagged security, sucuri, wordfence There are 24 comments Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Website  Join the discussion via emailGet only replies to your comment, the best of the rest, as well as a daily recap of all comments on this post. No more than a few emails daily, which you can reply to/unsubscribe from directly from your inbox. Notify me of follow-up comments by email. Notify me of new posts by email. Previous Post: 10up Unveils ElasticPress.io: Elasticsearch as a Service for WordPress Sites Next Post: Why Plugins Sometimes Disappear From the WordPress Plugin Directory Primary Sidebar Currently On Tap WordPress REST API Vulnerability Exploits Continue Why Plugins Sometimes Disappear From the WordPress Plugin Directory Matt Mullenweg Responds to Security Rant: Digital Signatures for WordPress Updates Are Important but Not a Priority How To Create A Dropdown Menu Of WordPress Categories Without Using Code 13 Sources For Free Public Domain and CC0-Licensed Images Recent Comments mark k.: and working on one obviously prevents from working » pedro: Security should always a be a core focus area! Thi » David Artiss: Because, as Matts response states, there are a lot » Joel James: Same question here. » Josh: How is a security issue "important" but not a high » Greg Brown: There is also a new plugin directory search that s » Central Geek: Luca, Nice approach. » Central Geek: Hi Luke Cavanagh, Based on your comment, when w » Joachim: I think this is a good idea. Seing as closed plugi » Central Geek: Actually, no, "Plugin Directory Representatives" d » Subscribe to Blog via Email Enter your email address to subscribe to this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. Join 9,378 other subscribers Email Address Twitter Facebook G+ Copyright © 2017 WordPress Tavern. Powered by WordPress and Stargazer. Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. %d bloggers like this:
SHOP MOBILE SITE SEND US TIPS JOIN LOG IN Search all All News Features Blogs Forums CATEGORIES Reviews News Blogs Images Shop COMPONENTS All Components Recent additions: Benchmarking Intel Kaby Lake-Y With Dell's XPS 13 2-in-1 Overclocking Intel Kaby Lake Core i3-7350K Intel Core i7-7700K And Z270 Chipset Review: Kaby Lake Hits The Desktop Processors Recent additions: Benchmarking Intel Kaby Lake-Y With Dell's XPS 13 2-in-1 Overclocking Intel Kaby Lake Core i3-7350K Intel Core i7-7700K And Z270 Chipset Review: Kaby Lake Hits The Desktop Graphics/Sound Recent additions: EVGA GeForce GTX 1080 iCX FTW2 Review: Everything Detected, More Than Just A Cooler EVGA GeForce GTX 1060 Gaming Review: Mini But Mighty Pascal AMD Vega GPU Architecture Details Revealed Motherboards Recent additions: AMD Announces X300 And X370 AM4 Motherboards For Ryzen Processors, All Chips Unlocked Gigabyte Z170X-Designare Motherboard Review: Affordable, High-Tech, Great Performance Rivet Networks Killer E2500 Gigabit Ethernet For Gamers With Advanced QoS Tested Storage Recent additions: WD Blue SSD Review: Aggressively-Priced Solid State Storage Intel SSD DC P3520 Series NVMe PCIe Enterprise Solid State Drive Review Samsung SSD 960 EVO NVMe M.2 Review: Ultra Fast, Affordable Storage Misc Recent additions: Netgear Nighthawk X10 Wireless AD7200 Router Review [Updated] The Best Of CES 2017 Streacom BC1 Open Benchtable Review: Open-Source Open-Air PC Building Done Right SYSTEMS All Systems Recent additions: The Best Of CES 2017 Dell XPS 27 (7760) All-In-One Desktop Review: 4K Touch And Wired For Sound Cybertron CLX Ra System Review: A Luxury Dual GTX 1080 Killer Gaming Rig Desktops Recent additions: Dell XPS 27 (7760) All-In-One Desktop Review: 4K Touch And Wired For Sound Lenovo IdeaCentre Y900 RE Gaming Desktop And IdeaPad Y900 Gaming Notebook Preview Gigabyte BRIX Gaming UHD Review With Teardown And Rebuild Action DIY Recent additions: Gigabyte Brix S GB-BSi5HT-6200 Ultra Compact SFF PC Review New Matter MOD-t 3D Printer Review: Low Cost, User-Friendly Creation AMD Powered Star Wars Battlefront Radeon 380X-Powered Gaming PC Build Small Form Factor Recent additions: Gigabyte BRIX Gaming UHD Review With Teardown And Rebuild Action Intel Compute Stick Core m3 Review: Skylake On A Thumbstick Gigabyte Brix S GB-BSi5HT-6200 Ultra Compact SFF PC Review IT/ENTERPRISE All IT/Enterprise Recent additions: Netgear Nighthawk X10 Wireless AD7200 Router Review [Updated] Security Hazards Of The IoT: Your Printer Is A Vulnerability Minefield Intel SSD DC P3520 Series NVMe PCIe Enterprise Solid State Drive Review Workstation Recent additions: NVIDIA Unveils New Quadro Pro Graphics Cards Powered By Potent Pascal GPUs And Beastly GP100 Quadro P6000 And P5000 Review: NVIDIA's Most Powerful Pascal Graphics Cards AMD Radeon Pro WX 7100, 5100 And 4100 Series Workstation Graphics Review: Polaris Goes Pro [Updated] Data Center/SMB Recent additions: Netgear Nighthawk X10 Wireless AD7200 Router Review [Updated] Security Hazards Of The IoT: Your Printer Is A Vulnerability Minefield Intel SSD DC P3520 Series NVMe PCIe Enterprise Solid State Drive Review Cloud Recent additions: Microsoft Legal Marijuana Tracking Software Has A Serious Case Of The Munchies ProtectWise Builds Security As A Service Platform With DVR Playback And Jacks You Into The Matrix NVIDIA Launches GeForce NOW Game Streaming Service Software Recent additions: Microsoft Says Windows 7 No Longer Fit For Active Duty, Customers Should Embrace Windows 10 Windows 10 Anniversary Update Blocks Zero-Day Exploits Before Patches Are Even Deployed Microsoft Patents Big Brother AI To Monitor Everything You Do In Windows And Feed It To Bing For Search Results MOBILE All Mobile Recent additions: Dell XPS 13 2-In-1 Review: Portable And Flexible Living On The Infinity Edge Dell Latitude 12 Rugged Extreme Notebook Review: Rough And Tumble Mobile Computing Benchmarking Intel Kaby Lake-Y With Dell's XPS 13 2-in-1 Notebooks Recent additions: Dell XPS 13 2-In-1 Review: Portable And Flexible Living On The Infinity Edge Dell Latitude 12 Rugged Extreme Notebook Review: Rough And Tumble Mobile Computing Benchmarking Intel Kaby Lake-Y With Dell's XPS 13 2-in-1 Smartphones Recent additions: Apple’s 10th Anniversary iPhone 8 With OLED Display Could Top $1,000 Google Pixel XL Vs. Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge: 6 Weeks With Android Nougat Purity Lenovo Phab 2 Pro Review: The First Tango Augmented Reality Smartphone Tablets Recent additions: Dell XPS 13 2-In-1 Review: Portable And Flexible Living On The Infinity Edge Lenovo Yoga Book Review: A 2-In-1 With A Trick Hot Holiday Gift Guide 2016: Tablets, Smartphones, Laptops, and Systems Gadgets Recent additions: NVIDIA SHIELD TV (2017) Review: Smart Home, 4K HDR, And Game Streaming Building Your Own Classic Game Console, A DIY RetroPi Project With Raspberry Pi HotHardware 2016 Back-to-School Tech Shopping Guide LEISURE All Leisure Recent additions: NVIDIA SHIELD TV (2017) Review: Smart Home, 4K HDR, And Game Streaming NVIDIA Reboots Shield TV As Powerful 4K HDR Video Streamer And The Best Set Top Box For Gamers Nintendo Chief Says Switch Won’t Repeat NES Classic Shortage With 2 Million Units At Launch Entertainment Recent additions: NVIDIA SHIELD TV (2017) Review: Smart Home, 4K HDR, And Game Streaming Namco Founder And Pac-Man Pioneer Masaya Nakamura Dies At Age 91 Building Your Own Classic Game Console, A DIY RetroPi Project With Raspberry Pi Gaming Recent additions: Nintendo Switch Joy-Con Controllers And Modes Expertly Detailed In New Video Game Over? Target And GameStop Already Citing Nintendo Switch Shortages, Some Pre-Orders Cancelled NVIDIA SHIELD TV (2017) Review: Smart Home, 4K HDR, And Game Streaming Social Recent additions: Facebook Tweaks Trending Topics Algorithms To Stomp Out Rampant Fake News YouTube Gains In-App Messenger For Mobile Chatting And Video Sharing Microsoft Reportedly Abandoned $8 Billion Slack Bid To Double Down On Skype VIDEOS All videos 2.5 Geeks Reviews/How Tos FORUMS BLOGS Shop Subscribe TRENDING: AMD RYZEN Asus Tinker Board Vega RYZEN Dell XPS 27 Kaby Lake GeForce GTX 1080 Ti home News by Paul Lilly — Tuesday, February 14, 2017 Google’s Self-Driving Car Team Was Paid So Much That Employees Defected For Fresh Opportunities Paying employees too little money will have them looking for better opportunities in greener pastures. On the flip side, if you pay them too much, they might also leave, though that's not typically a problem. It was for Google, however, which implemented an unusual and highly lucrative (for employees) pay system for its self-driving car division that led to top talent calling it quits. In the early days, Google implemented a compensation system that awarded employees with huge monetary incentives based on the project's value. It did not take long for the project to ramp up and accumulate significant value, which in turn made the division's employees wealthy. Several of them chose to cash in their promised payouts and then leave the company. The system started in 2010 not long after Google unveiled its first self-driving cars. Employees were given cash salaries, but some also received bonuses and ownership stake in the business. Google set these awards aside in a special entity. By 2015, Google's self-driving car program had grown fairly large. Google applied a multiplier to the value of the awards and began paying it out, sometimes giving employees every last nickel that was set aside. With these sizable payouts now in hand, veteran employees were no long motivated by job security. Some of them chose to collect their mega bonuses, or "F-you money" as they referred to it, and then seek opportunities elsewhere. In some cases, they were finally able to create or invest in a startup that interested them with their newfound financial freedom. As ironic as it seems, Google overpaid to the point where its employees no longer felt obliged to stick with the project. As a result, Google lost a lot of top-level talent right as its self-driving car program was gaining steam. The multiplier that was applied to the value of awards was based on periodic evaluations of the division. It's not known what exact metrics or benchmarks were used, but in one case, a project member racked up a multiplier of 16 over the course of four years. These large multipliers resulted in multi-million dollar payouts. Where Google erred wasn't necessarily in offering large compensation packages, but perhaps paying them out too early. The payouts grew substantially after reaching certain milestones, but the end goal of selling fully autonomous vehicles was still years away when the payouts were made. Things are different now. Google's self-driving car division is now a standalone business called Waymo with a pay structure that treats all employees the same. The focus has also changed, with Google now looking to work with existing automakers to implement self-driving technologies and features into cars rather than build out its own fleet. Tags:  Google, Automobiles, self-driving cars, autonomous vehicles, (nasdaq:goog), waymo Via:  Bloomberg Show comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus Follow Us: Twitter Facebook RSS Email YouTube AppStore Google+ 85K 9K 4K 27K CONVERSATIONS AMD’s 8-Core Ryzen 7 1700X Allegedly...62 AMD Ryzen 7 1700X Score Surfaces In...36 EVGA GeForce GTX 1080 iCX FTW2 Review:...20 Apple CEO Tim Cook Says Fake News Is...17 Entire AMD Ryzen Processor Family...13 Intel Claims Cannonlake Core i7-8000...10 Valve Is Shuttering Steam Greenlight,...8 FEATURED Dell XPS 13 2-In-1 Review: Portable And... EVGA GeForce GTX 1080 iCX FTW2 Review:... Dell Latitude 12 Rugged Extreme Notebook... NVIDIA SHIELD TV (2017) Review: Smart... Security Hazards Of The IoT: Your... EVGA GeForce GTX 1060 Gaming Review:... Overclocking Intel Kaby Lake Core... FAVORITES 6 TB Hard Drive Round-Up: WD Red, WD...769k Intel Core i7-6700K And Z170 Chipset...624k Intel SSD 750 Series PCIe SSD Review:...570k Dell XPS 13 (2015) Ultrabook Review,...547k Alienware X51 R3 Review: Console-Sized...508k Know Your Type: Five Mechanical Gaming...438k Alienware Area 51: Triad, Tri-SLI GTX...412k Your next desktop processor will be... AMD Ryzen Intel Cannonlake Intel Kaby Lake Not upgrading yet More Results MORE HOT HEADLINES Microsoft Teases Project Scorpio For... Microsoft Wants To Draft A Digital... HTC Launching Mobile Vive VR Headset... Verizon Reportedly Wants $250... Amazon Echo And Google Home AI... Samsung Will Reveal Galaxy S8 Launch... Pokemon Go Update Brings 80 New... Follow @HotHardware SITE Home Reviews News Blogs Images Mobile Site Sitemap CATEGORIES Components Systems IT/Enterprise Mobile Leisure Videos COMPANY About Advertise News Tips Contact MORE Forums Shop STAY CONNECTED Twitter Facebook Google + YouTube Feedburner This site is intended for informational and entertainment purposes only. The contents are the views and opinion of the author and/or his associates. All products and trademarks are the property of their respective owners. Reproduction in whole or in part, in any form or medium, without express written permission of HotHardware.com, LLC. is prohibited. All content and graphical elements are Copyright © 1999 - 2017 David Altavilla and HotHardware.com, LLC. All rights reserved. Privacy and Terms Subscribe to HH News Alerts! Preview Email Address
Don't Miss: CW@50: A look back at Y2K in cartoons 5 new threats to your personal data Newsletters Resources/White Papers Search computerworld Sign In | Register Hi! Here are the latest Insider stories. Smackdown: Office 365 vs. G Suite productivity 3 enterprise-strength file sync services to check out Smartphone CPUs put desktops to shame Quarter of firms can't fill open infosec positions More Insider Sign Out Search for Suggestions for you Insider email Cloud Computing All Cloud Computing Cloud Security Cloud Storage Hybrid Cloud Private Cloud Public Cloud Computer Hardware All Computer Hardware Apple Mac Chromebooks Computer Peripherals Computer Processors Solid State Drives Windows PCs Consumerization of IT All Consumerization of IT Bring Your Own Device (BYOD) Home Tech Personal Technology Data Center All Data Center Data Storage Disaster Recovery High-Performance Computing (HPC) Infrastructure Management Sustainable IT Virtualization Emerging Technology All Emerging Technology 3D Printing Artificial Intelligence Car Tech Environment Internet of Things Robotics Space Technology Wearables Enterprise Applications All Enterprise Applications Application Development Big Data Business Intelligence (BI) CRM Collaboration Data Analytics Database Management Desktop Apps Enterprise Architecture Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP) Java Development Open Source Social Business Software as a Service (SaaS) Unified Communications (UC) IT Management All IT Management Digital Transformation H-1B IT Careers IT Industry IT Outsourcing IT Project Management IT Skills & Training Technology Law & Regulation Internet All Internet E-commerce Search Social Media Web Apps Web Browsers Mobile & Wireless All Mobile & Wireless Android Apple iOS Mobile Apps Mobile Device Management Mobile Payments Mobile Security Smartphones Tablets Windows 10 Mobile Wireless Carriers Networking All Networking Network Security Servers Wireless Networking Operating Systems All Operating Systems Chrome OS Linux MacOS Windows 10 Security All Security Application Security Cyberattacks Cybercrime & Hacking Data Privacy Data Security Encryption Endpoint Security Malware & Vulnerabilities Vertical IT All Vertical IT Financial Services IT Government IT Healthcare IT Retail IT Small Enterprise IT All Topics News Features Reviews Blogs Opinions Insider Shark Tank Slideshows Video Digital Magazine Digital Downloads Newsletters Computerworld Events Resources/White Papers × Close Home Internet Social Media News Google lets users get social with Maps Google enables users to share favorite spots, bucket lists on Maps app By Sharon Gaudin | Follow Senior Writer, Computerworld | Feb 13, 2017 1:48 PM PT Email a friend To Use commas to separate multiple email addresses From 
		     Privacy Policy Thank you Your message has been sent. Sorry There was an error emailing this page. Credit: Google More like this Google's myriad messaging apps: Which are best for you? Why you should start using Google Keep right away Digital nomad survival tips you can use anywhere (Part 2) Video Review: Huawei's Mate 9 gives good value for the price Google is moving to make Maps more than just about getting to your destination. Maps is getting social. Zach Maier, a product manager with Google Maps, announced in a blog post Monday that users can create lists of their favorite places, places they want to visit and share those lists with friends within the app. "Starting today, you can create lists of places, share your lists with others, and follow the lists your friends and family share with you -- without ever leaving the Google Maps app," Maier said. To make Maps a social tool, users open the app on either the iPhone or Android platform and then tap on, say, a restaurant, museum or club. Tap on the Save icon and it will add the spot to one of several pre-set lists, such as Want to Go or Favorites, according to Maier. Users also can create their own lists. To find their lists, people can go to Your Places on the side menu of Maps and open the Saved tab. Maps' new feature also is designed to show your saved places on the map itself. "Because sharing is caring, we made it easy to share lists like "Best Views in SF" via text, email, social networks and popular messaging apps," noted Maier. "Whenever friends and family come to town, tap the share button to get a link and start flexing your local knowledge muscles. Once you send a link to your out-of-towners, they can tap "Follow" to pull up the list from Your Places whenever they need it." According to Google, the lists can be seen and shared on mobile devices and desktop computers. Users also can download the maps to use when they're offline. The new feature is another step in social media for Google, which has struggled to bust into the social media world. Google+, the company's rival social network competing with Facebook and Twitter, wasn't the hit the company had hoped for. Google seems to be taking a different tack now, taking one of its most popular apps and making it social. "This is a dramatically different way of them approaching social," said Patrick Moorhead, an analyst with Moor Insights & Strategy. "Instead of starting big and horizontal like Google+, they're starting small. It's a very different tack, but worth a try. Google's horizontal approach hasn't worked so far." Going social with Maps, which so many people use, may be an easier way to get people sharing destinations with friends. And that would mean more eyes and more time on a Google product. "Google has an excellent Maps product," added Moorhead. "People want to know if their friends like or have been at a certain place and trust their friends more than anyone else. Therefore, I think this has a chance." To express your thoughts on Computerworld content, visit Computerworld's Facebook page, LinkedIn page and Twitter stream. Related: Social Media Mobile Apps Mobile & Wireless Senior Writer Sharon Gaudin covers the Internet, social media, cloud computing and emerging technologies for Computerworld. 10 super-user tricks to boost Windows 10 productivity You Might Like Shop Tech Products at Amazon What Readers Like China reminds Trump that supercomputing is a race China said it plans to develop a prototype of an exascale supercomputer by the end of this year,... Project Fi has a powerful bonus feature hidden in plain sight Why you should start using Google Keep right away Newsletters Sign up and receive the latest news, reviews and trends on your favorite technology topics. Get our daily newsletter Go Say goodbye to the MS-DOS command prompt It had a good 36-year run, but its day is done. Trump eyes an H-1B visa aimed at ‘best and brightest’ President Donald Trump is considering a new way of distributing the H-1B visa to ensure they go to the... BrandPostsLearn more Sponsored by Sennheiser Audio Conferencing Finally Catches the Digital Transformation Wave Sponsored by VMware AirWatch A More Flexible Approach to App Containerization Popular Resources White Paper 10 Networking Priorities for Digital Transformation Video/Webcast Sponsored 2017 State Of The Cloud: Cloud Is Now The Engine Powering Enterprise Digital Transformation White Paper 5 Reasons to Catch 802.11ac Wave 2 White Paper 5 Ways Your Network Can Accelerate Digital Transformation eBook Sponsored Cisco Digital Network Readiness Model eBook Go Top Stories Maryland lawmaker seeks to unveil H-1B employers A Maryland lawmaker wants to require businesses in Maryland to report the number of employees they have... Who are your customers? You think you know, but it can be trickier to determine than we tend to think. Here’s some guidance. 10 tips for helming IT through ups and downs Impending mergers, ultrafast growth and sharp dips all put pressure on IT leaders to make quick... DARPA: We’re on cusp of merging human and machine Within three to five years, researchers could have a device that helps people with brain injuries form... Sponsored Links Online Master of Science in Information Systems at Northwestern University INSTANTLY dtSearch® TERABYTES OF FILE+EMAIL+DB+WEB DATA; reviews/evals Use integration, automation, & intelligence to outsmart cybercriminals. Computerworld The Voice of Business Technology Follow us Cloud Computing Computer Hardware Consumerization of IT Data Center Emerging Technology Enterprise Applications IT Management Internet Mobile & Wireless Networking Operating Systems Security Vertical IT All Topics News Features Reviews Blogs Opinions Insider Shark Tank Slideshows Video Newsletters Computerworld Events Resources/White Papers About Us Contact Privacy Policies Editorial Calendar Advertising Careers at IDG Site Map Ad Choices E-commerce Affiliate Relationships Copyright © 2017 IDG Communications, Inc. Explore the IDG Network descend CIO Computerworld CSO Greenbot IDC IDG IDG Connect IDG Knowledge Hub IDG TechNetwork IDG.TV IDG Ventures Infoworld IT News ITwhitepapers ITworld JavaWorld LinuxWorld Macworld Network World PC World TechConnect TechHive This ad will close in 20 seconds. Continue to site »
Google+ Singapore Weather Min. 24° | Max. 31° Air Quality: PSI 39-52 We set you thinking Thursday 16 February 2017 Read the PDF print edition Main menu hot news Commentary Voices Singapore daily focus China & India World Business Tech Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Blogs Photos Videos Print Edition First Degree newstream Business China bond market is biggest change in history of capital markets: UBS 1487238405 Entertainment Fresh Off The Boat star in negotiations for lead role in Crazy Rich Asians movie, set in Singapore 1487237220 Singapore Two childcare centres under probe for alleged questionable practices 1487235060 World Kim Jong Un cements power in North Korea’s Game of Thrones 1487237513 World North Koreans, in eye of storm, fete leader’s birthday 1487236560 China&India China’s overseas investment, property purchases slump as capital controls bite 1487237208 World Indonesia trying to verify if citizen involved in Kim death 1487237201 World Scuffles, tear gas as anti-police protests reach Paris 1487234050 World South Korea court plans to end impeachment hearings on February 24: Yonhap 1487234346 World Saudi foreign minister optimistic about overcoming Mideast challenges 1487234872 World Attack hits mourners in Yemen, killing nine women, one child: residents 1487235345 World Assad says Trump travel ban targets terrorists, not Syria's people 1487233814 Business Austria to sue Airbus over suspected Eurofighter fraud: APA news agency 1487234310 World Exclusive: China 'Silk Road' project in Sri Lanka delayed as Beijing toughens stance 1487235028 World Thai authorities enter Buddhist temple to search for wanted monk 1487235229 World Malaysia pledges to return Kim body after autopsy, police makes third arrest 1487235600 World Poison’s long history as murder weapon 1487235360 Lifestyle Singapore Airlines 1487188980 World Assassinated North Korean lived quiet, but open life in Macau 1487231942 World Pakistan raids hideout of militants behind surge of attacks; six dead 1487232833 Business SMBC head says will give Toshiba as much support as possible 1487233045 World Exclusive: EU preparing early China summit in message to Trump - sources 1487233691 China&India Bird-flu deaths rise in China, shutting poultry markets 1487233602 World Refugees serve up coffee and life lessons in California 1487231940 Singapore Hri Kumar appointed as Deputy AG from March 1 1487232720 World Germany's Schaeuble, U.S. Treasury Secretary Mnuchin agree to cooperate 1487231503 World Russia says Pentagon should not seek to build ties from position of strength: agencies 1487231356 World Britain's Labour faces backlash in working-class heartlands 1487231228 World Top UK judge hits back after Brexit uproar over court ruling 1487230529 World Philippine Supreme Court allows election recount for defeated Marcos 1487230126 World Displaced people of Syria's "beehive" villages dream of return 1487228970 Sports Aussie swimming great Grant Hackett goes missing, described as 'mentally disturbed' 1487215200 World It’s time for happy hour — with your cat 1487230560 World Future uncertain for miracle dogs that survived blaze 1487229480 Business GM's Opel, Peugeot lagging rivals in strong European market: ACEA 1487229219 World Burundi government will not attend planned peace talks 1487228650 Singapore ITE College East suspends student seen attacking another in viral video 1487223600 World Malaysia may release body of Kim Jong Nam to North Korea after probe 1487227324 World U.N. Syria envoy says plans to meet Russia's Lavrov in Munich: agency 1487227155 World South Korea court rejects prosecution request on raid to presidential office: Yonhap 1487227048 Business Snap sets valuation at lower end of expectation: WSJ 1487227833 World Kim Jong-nam, the hunted heir to a dictator who met death in exile 1487226360 Business OCBC’s Q4 profit falls 18%, hit by bad loans in oil sector 1487102520 China&India Villagers glorify children in China festival 1487226600 Daily Focus Would you let someone who’s not a dentist pull your teeth? 1487227905 Singapore Median household income growth slows to 2.6 per cent in 2016 1487219640 World Venezuela Catholic Church feels backlash after chiding Socialists 1487225892 World South Korean prosecutor seeks extension for corruption investigation 1487224534 Business Newspapers aim to ride 'Trump Bump' to reach readers, advertisers 1487225840 Business Atomico closes $765 million tech venture fund, Europe's biggest 1487225087 Tech Last day to enrol in free coding classes sponsored by Google Children aged 8 to 11 will learn to code using an interactive software programme called Scratch (screenshot on the right shows a frogger-style game participants will learn to create), while children aged 12-15 will learn to code using Python (screenshot on the right shows a number-guessing game that children will learn to make). mail print View all comments Tweet By Wong Pei Ting - wongpeiting@mediacorp.com.sg - Published: 12:05 AM, February 15, 2017 Updated: 1:00 PM, February 15, 2017 SINGAPORE — Parents benefitting from the Republic’s self-help groups or receiving financial aid from the Ministry of Education have one last day to sign their children up for the free coding classes sponsored by Google on Wednesday (Feb 15). The tech giant’s local effort to train the next generation of technology innovators through a programme called Code in the Community will kick off next weekend, with up to 48 classes held across four community centres – Canberra Zone 7 RC, Henderson CC, Hong Kah North CC and the Singapore Indian Development Association (Sinda) headquarters – for children aged 8 to 15. Classes will each be an hour long, and will take place across two 10-week-long terms. The first batch of students will complete their programme by Sept 3. By the end of the 20-week programme, 8 to 11-year-olds will, among other tasks, be able to recreate a frogger-style arcade game and develop a search game to hunt for hidden treasure through an interactive software programme called Scratch. Twelve to 15-year-olds will learn to code using Python, a widely used high-level programming language, giving them a taste of computer science and the computational thinking, sequential planning and logical reasoning skills required. The classes will be conducted by 21C Girls — a registered charity that develops and delivers free coding classes to girls in Singapore – and Saturday Kids, a programming school for children here. The curriculum also includes a visit to the Google Singapore office where children and their parents will meet Googlers, and learn about the work engineers there do every day. “We hope this helps diverse young Singaporeans to develop computational/computer science skills and inspire them – and their parents – to pursue a future career in technology,” said a Google Singapore spokesperson. The programme was announced in November last year during the launch of Google’s new Singapore office at Mapletree Business City in Pasir Panjang. In three years, Google aims to benefit 3,000 children from needy homes through the programme. Only low family income beneficiaries at Chinese Development Assistance Council, Eurasian Association, Sinda or Yayasan Mendaki, or of the MOE financial aid scheme, are eligible to be part of the programme. Interested parties who are not beneficiaries will have to be means tested at the self-help groups if they would like to be part of the programme. When asked about the number of sign-ups so far, the Google spokesperson did not disclose a number but said the “response has been encouraging” and the company “will continue to build awareness” for the programme hoping “more Singaporeans will benefit from the programme over the next few months”. 21C Girls founder Ayesha Khanna told TODAY that the coding classes could be “as important as doing math and reading” as machines are a part of everyday life as well. Instead of getting intimidated by technology, the coding classes will children understand how machines work, and thus “help build creative confidence” to tackle 21st century problems, said Ms Khanna. mail print View all comments Tweet Recommended For You   More Stories For You The Most Singapore READ COMMENTED “Good progress” made in containing oil spillage after recent collisions “Bedding-in” period of several months to be expected for DTL2: Khaw ‘You have made Singapore very proud today’: PM Lee to Yip Pin Xiu ‘Wrecked dorm’ videos an isolated incident: SCDF ‘Wind corridors’ for future Marina South residents ‘Too soon’ to call property market recovery despite renewed interest: Redas president ‘Smarter’ regulation needed to embrace disruption ‘I heard a loud crack, then the tree came hurtling towards me’ Yale-NUS holds townhall over concerns about ‘troubling’ developments Woodlands murder: Suspect remanded for 3 more weeks for psychiatric evaluation Woodlands businesses brace for more bad times as road charge kicks in Woman scammed of S$40,200 by fake online romeo Woman killed by tree ‘a rising star’ in Mastercard Woman in intensive care after being hit by falling tree in car park Woman hit by tree in Yuan Ching no longer in ICU, condition stable Inside Today World Kim Jong Un cements power in North Korea’s Game of Thrones Indonesia trying to verify if citizen involved in Kim death North Koreans, in eye of storm, fete leader’s birthday Malaysia pledges to return Kim body after autopsy, police makes third arrest Poison’s long history as murder weapon Business Austria to sue Airbus over suspected Eurofighter fraud: APA news agency SMBC head says will give Toshiba as much support as possible GM's Opel, Peugeot lagging rivals in strong European market: ACEA Snap sets valuation at lower end of expectation: WSJ Newspapers aim to ride 'Trump Bump' to reach readers, advertisers Sports Once Asia's footballing pride, Myanmar's prolonged slide in the sport continues Aussie swimming great Grant Hackett goes missing, described as 'mentally disturbed' Shanghai SIPG sign ex-Madrid defender Carvalho STTA overhauls annual awards, with axed paddler Feng Tianwei missing out Madrid police talk to Maradona after altercation at hotel Entertainment Fresh Off The Boat star in negotiations for lead role in Crazy Rich Asians movie, set in Singapore 10 S’pore singers, actors and comedians want to Car-aoke with you Moby claims he has intel on Trump administration and Russia Guns ‘N Roses sorry over Aussie city mix-up Without big YouTube star, Google faces setback in content plans About TODAY Apps RSS Sitemap Syndication Contact Us Advertise with Us Terms & Conditions About MediaCorp Copyright 2017 © Mediacorp Press Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Mediacorp News Group
MSPU Windows Phone Windows 10 Surface Xbox Enterprise Tip us Settings Text Input: Windows 10 Windows Phone Surface Xbox Enterprise Settings Tip us Forum Text Input: Google releases Chrome 53 for Windows bringing Material design 3 by Pradeep  @pradeepviswav Sep 2, 2016 at 17:48 GMT6 months ago Google Chrome team has released Chrome 53 to the stable channel for Windows. Chrome 53.0.2785.89 contains a number of fixes and improvements. This update also brings Google’s Material design to Windows for the first time. You can now find flatter design and new iconography. Chrome is now rendered fully programmatically including iconography, effectively removing the ~1200 png assets they were maintaining before. It also allows them to deliver a better rendering for a wide range of PPI configuration. If you are not a fan of Material Design, you can from disable it under chrome://flags/. There is also a new dark theme for Incognito mode. They have added support for color emoji on Windows 10. Finally, they have also made significant improvements to performance and battery life. Google Cast is now built into Chrome. You can also view websites that are not integrated with Cast on your TV by selecting the “Cast…” menu item from the Chrome menu. It’s good to see Google finally taking real efforts in improving Chrome on Windows as it is now the most used web browser on Windows. Some links in the article may not be viewable as you are using an AdBlocker. Please add us to your whitelist to enable the website to function properly. Related download google Google Cast Google Chrome 53 Material Design windows Tweet Share 0 Read these next Trending WhatsApp Web and WhatsApp for WP updated (changelog) by Surur 0 Trending GPD’s real Windows 10 Pocket PC reach funding goal near instantly by Surur 0 Comments Advertisement MSPoweruser Podcast MSPoweruser Podcast 34: The final Creators Update features trickle in by Andrew Bennett on February 11, 2017 The Windows 10 Creators Update is feature complete, and the final tweaks and features are arriving. The Windows Developer Day event shed some light on some of these, and also gave another gl... Subscribe Now Windows 10 WhatsApp Web and WhatsApp for WP updated (changelog) by Surur on February 16, 2017 WhatsApp has updated their apps for Windows and Windows Phone. The Windows Phone app has been updated to version 2.17.70.0 with the usual bug fixes and various improvements. WhatsApp Web, wh... Microsoft push back End of Life of original Windows 10 by Surur If you have steadfastly refused to update your Windows 10 PC to a new build since launch, Microsoft has given you another 2 months reprieve to still get patches and bug fixes. Build 1507 of ... Garmin Connect Mobile app for Windows 10 updated with great new features by Surur Garmin Connect Mobile app has seen a major update to version v3.15 with many improvements which make the app a worthy competitor for the Fitbit app. The update brings support for music cont... Windows 10’s Sticky Notes app now lets you create a new note from the task... by Mehedi Hassan Windows 10’s Sticky Notes app picked up a pretty sweet update on the Windows Store recently. The app now integrates right into the jump list in Windows 10, which means you can now crea... Microsoft brings its Windows Insider program to the enterprise with WIP4Biz by Mehedi Hassan Microsoft’s Windows Insider Program has been immensely successful for the software giant, helping it to improve Windows 10 over the past couple of years. Today at Microsoft Ignite Aus... Deals Deals Deal Alert: Get the Xbox One S 1TB, Halo 5, Dead Rising 3 and Extra Wireless Controller for only $289.99 There is currently a massive deal available on the Xbox One S console on eBay. The console is currently being sold there with an extra wireless controller, Dead Rising 3 and Halo 5 for only... Deal Alert: HP ENVY x360 15t only $799 with $130 instant rebate HP is running a promotion on the ENVY Hybrid, offering $130 off on the convertible touchscreen laptop until the 15th February. The HP Envy x360 offers the latest 7th Generation Intel Core i7... Deal Alert: Fitbit’s full range of fitness trackers now on sale, save up t... Fitbit is having a sale on their fitness trackers, offering discounts as deep as $50 on their most expensive models. The timing is of course opportune, partially due to the post-holiday hea... Alcatel’s Idol 4S drops to $288 on T-Mobile USA Alcatel’s Idol 4S for Windows has just received a price cut on T-Mobile. The device, ordinarily costing over $400 dollars, has now been reduced to $288 on T-Mobile’s online store... Deal Alert: 1 TB Xbox One S with free controller and Halo Wars 2 only £259 The Microsoft Store is offering a range of deals on the Xbox One S, offering as much as £40 off plus a free controller which usually costs £50. The the best deal is for the 1TB Halo Wars 2... Deal: Get ‘Rainbow Six Siege Year 2 Gold Edition’ for $29.99 Right now the Microsoft Store is offering the ‘Tom Clancy’s: Rainbow Six Siege Year 2 Gold Edition’ version of the game for only $29.99. However this is not the physical co... Deal: Get ‘LEGO MARVEL’s Avengers’ for half off at Amazon You can now grab ‘LEGO MARVEL’s Avengers’ for half off at online retailer Amazon. The title, which normally goes for $39.99, is now on sale for only $19.99.  The deluxe versio... Deal: Save up to $250 on select Surface Book models from Microsoft Store Microsoft Store is now offering up to $250 discount on select Surface Book devices. Surface Book Intel Core i5/8GB RAM/128GB device (non-gpu) model is now available for $1299. Also, Surface ... Deal: Save $524 on the original Surface Book with Core i7 and 512GB SSD Amazon US is now offering a huge discount on the original Surface Book device. You can now get a discount of $524 on the Surface Book with Intel Core i7/16GB RAM/512GB/NVIDIA graphics. Find ... Deal: Save up to $200 on select Surface Pro 4, plus get an NFL Type Cover worth ... Microsoft Store US is now offering a discount of $200 on select Surface Pro 4 devices in the US. You can also get an NFL Type cover worth $159 for free along with the purchase. For example, ... Forums About Us Contact Us Tip Us Submit Articles Community Guidelines Privacy Policy © 2017 MSPoweruser - All rights reservedNot associated with Microsoft   Top
Menu Topics Business Impact Connectivity Intelligent Machines Rewriting Life Sustainable Energy 10 Breakthrough Technologies 35 Innovators Under 35 50 Smartest Companies Views Views from the Marketplace Top Stories Magazine Events More Events Special Publications MIT News Magazine Help/Support Log in / Register Subscribe Log in / Register Search Click search or press enter Rewriting Life The Download, Feb 14, 2017: VR Storytelling, iPhone 8 Lust, and Mariana Trench Pollution The most fascinating and important news in technology and innovation delivered straight to your inbox, every day. by Jamie Condliffe February 14, 2017 Three Things You Need to Know Today Recommended for You AI Software Juggles Probabilities to Learn from Less Data As Goldman Embraces Automation, Even the Masters of the Universe Are Threatened “The Relentless Pace of Automation” India Now Has the World’s Worst Air Pollution Imagining the Future of VR at Google Recommended for You AI Software Juggles Probabilities to Learn from Less Data As Goldman Embraces Automation, Even the Masters of the Universe Are Threatened “The Relentless Pace of Automation” India Now Has the World’s Worst Air Pollution Imagining the Future of VR at Google Apple’s Next iPhone Is Creating an Almighty Buzz Last year, Apple’s annual iPhone reveal fell flat. But this year, analysts, insiders, and commentators appear to think that the next iteration could make up for the disappointment. Fast Company, ranking Apple as the fourth most innovative firm in the world, argues that the company's increased focus on building chips in-house will allow it to create "the most compelling consumer-electronics experiences." Our own Will Knight explains that Siri could be getting a shot in the arm, by learning from its mistakes. And the rumor mill predicts a slew of new iPhone features, including wireless charging, curved screens, and superior battery life. That buzz, combined with stronger-than-expected iPhone sales over the holidays, saw Apple stock reach an all-time high at the close of the markets yesterday. It remains to be seen, of course, whether the bluster amounts to much. Do you need The Download? Sign up here to get it for free in your inbox. Imagining the Future of VR Storytelling at Google Jessica Brillhart is the principal filmmaker for virtual reality at Google. But what, exactly, does that mean? In an interview with our editor in chief, Jason Pontin, she explains that she gets to explore how everything from exotic 16-camera rigs to cheap cardboard headsets could be used to provide new experiences that traditional film cannot. It may sound like one of the more cushy and creative Silicon Valley jobs, but it poses some challenging puzzles. “VR is an embodied medium: creators are taking [a] detached eye and reattaching it to someone’s face,” she explains. “VR reminds us of the nuances of experiences, what connects people with each other, with places, with things in the real world. And that to me is the key to really understanding what kind of storytelling could even exist in a VR space.” Converting Climate Change Deniers There’s an ever-growing base of evidence to support the fact that humans cause climate change—and it's (slowly) nudging public acceptance of the phenomenon to increase. The results of global warming are manifest around the planet. The 700-foot high Oroville Dam currently teeters on the brink of disaster, with a climate-exacerbated double blow of drought and flood causing operators to use its emergency slipways and evacuate nearly 200,000 people. Sea ice levels have hit record lows at both poles. And in Australia, longer heat waves are causing increased bushfire risk. A new equation suggests that humans are causing the climate to change 170 times faster than natural forces. And, in the UK at least, people are willing to believe it: more people than ever there now believe that climate change is real. How long until the new White House administration follows suit? Ten Fascinating Things What lurks in the ocean’s deepest reaches? According to a new study of the Pacific's Kermadec and Mariana trenches, high levels of chemicals that were banned in the 1970s. Researchers claim that levels of contamination are similar to the most polluted industrial areas of the northwest Pacific. Four weeks ago, 20 percent of Cameroon's population found their Internet blocked—and it remains the case. Affecting just English-speaking parts of the country, it’s believed to be politically motivated. It ought stop: the ban will be hurting the country’s economy. Researchers have used pottery from the ancient Judean people to show that Earth’s magnetic field briefly spiked to nearly twice its current intensity in the 8th Century BC. If correct, a similar event could wreak havoc with modern technology.  Ever since Uber conceded the Chinese market, it’s shifted its Asian attentions to India. But now it, and large homegrown rival, Ola, have a problem: thousands of drivers in New Delhi have gone on strike for four days, demanding better pay. Watch out, Skype: Amazon is after you. The e-tailer has announced Chime, which will host video conferences and live-share documents on its servers. It may sound ten years late, but Amazon is targeting the businesses sector—which, as many of us know, remains lacking. Over the last year, Google’s self-driving car project haemorrhaged staff—including its technical lead. New reports suggest that the exodus was the result of a pay structure where early staffers received so much money that they had little incentive to stay. In many parts of the world, humid conditions can lead to loss of crops via rot and fungal toxins. A new kind of ceramic bead sucks moisture out of the air and could make the process of drying crops twice as energy efficient. Tens of thousands of Americans die in hospital every year because of preventable causes. Joe Kiani, head of medical device firm Masimo, hopes to reduce that number by having medical devices communicate on a single, open platform.  Nutritionists make foods healthy by sucking salt, sugar, and fat out—often at the expense of taste. But what if we could fool our brain into believing that the results taste like the junk we love? We may be able to, by tweaking the texture of food. Triangulene sounds like it could be the potent foe of a superhero. But it’s actually an exotic molecule that IBM researchers have built by moving single atoms at a time. Quote of the Day "Over time I think we will probably see a closer merger of biological intelligence and digital intelligence … It's mostly about bandwidth, the speed of the connection between your brain and the digital version of yourself.” — Elon Musk thinks that, in a future filled with robots, humans will need to create a direct link with computers to move information around fast enough if they plan to keep up. Tech Obsessive? Become an Insider to get the story behind the story — and before anyone else. Subscribe today Tagged The Download Jamie Condliffe News and Commentary Editor I’m the associate editor of news and commentary for MIT Technology Review. I put together our daily e-mail newsletter, The Download, from my base in London before everyone in the U.S. manages to wake up. I previously worked at New Scientist and… More Gizmodo, and I hold a PhD in engineering science from Oxford University. Subscribe to Continue Reading Uh oh–you've read all five of your free articles for this month. Become an Insider for unlimited access to online stories for less than $15 per month. Insider Premium $179.95/yr US PRICE Subscribe See international, alumni and other pricing options Already an Insider? Log in. Have a magazine subscription? Activate your Insider account. More from Rewriting Life Reprogramming our bodies to make us healthier. Patent Office Hands Win in CRISPR Battle to Broad Institute The dispute between researchers at UC Berkeley and the Broad Institute over the invention of the powerful gene-editing technique has been decided. by Antonio Regalado Companies Plan Tests of “Optogenetic Goggles” to Restore Sight The visor-like devices need to be combined with gene therapy to work. by Emily Mullin U.S. Panel Endorses Designer Babies to Avoid Serious Disease Genetically modified children could be acceptable in narrow circumstances, according to National Academy of Sciences. by Antonio Regalado More from Rewriting Life From Our Advertisers In partnership with Alibaba Alibaba Targets the Global Market with Apsara Aliware Platform In partnership with Lenovo Video: 5 Data-Center Hyperconvergence Myths In partnership with Lenovo Video: Is That Data for Here or to Go? In partnership with Lenovo Video: Working in the Big Data Mine Want more award-winning journalism? Subscribe to Insider Premium. Insider Premium {! insider.prices.premium !}* {! insider.display.menuOptionsLabel !} Our award winning magazine, unlimited access to our story archive, special discounts to MIT Technology Review Events, and exclusive content. {! insider.buttons.premium.buttonText !} See details+ What's Included Bimonthly home delivery and unlimited 24/7 access to MIT Technology Review’s website. The Download. Our daily newsletter of what's important in technology and innovation. Access to the Magazine archive. Over 24,000 articles going back to 1899 at your fingertips. Special Discounts to select partner offerings Discount to MIT Technology Review events Ad-free web experience First Look. Exclusive early access to stories. Insider Conversations. Join in and ask questions as our editors talk to innovators from around the world. * {! insider.display.footerLabel !} See international prices See U.S. prices Revert to MIT Enterprise Forum pricing Revert to standard pricing The Download What's important in technology and innovation, delivered to you every day. Follow us Twitter Facebook RSS   The mission of MIT Technology Review is to equip its audiences with the intelligence to understand a world shaped by technology. Browse International Editions Company About Us Careers Advertise with Us Reprints and Permissions Press Room Your Account Log In / Create Account Newsletters Manage Account Manage Subscription Customer Support Help/FAQs Contact Us Feedback Sitemap More Events MIT Enterprise Forum MIT News Policies Ethics Statement Terms of Service Privacy Commenting Guidelines MIT Technology Review © 2016 v.|eiπ| You've read of free articles this month. Subscribe Become an Insider or Sign in for unlimited access  to online articles .
Home White Papers Webinars Software Directory Events Calendar About Us Editorial Calendar Contact Us Advertise Here About Us Editorial Calendar Contact Us Advertise Here Channels Featured Products White Papers Webinars Software Directory Events Channels Customer Experience Digital Experience DAM Digital Workplace SharePoint & Office 365 Web CMS Mobile Document Mgt Bioz, Datical, Vena Solutions: What's in a Name? By Dom Nicastro | Feb 14, 2017 CHANNEL: Digital Workplace We continue our What’s in a Name? series with tech companies Bioz, Datical and Vena Solutions.  One claims it can be the Google of the life sciences research arena. Another was named by Gartner as a cool vendor in IT automation. The other is coming off a $30 million funding round last year for its cloud-based corporate performance management solution. Bioz Year founded: 2013 Headquarters: Palo Alto, Calif. Co-founders: Karin Lachmi (president and chief scientific officer) and Daniel Levitt (CEO). Lachmi won a silver Stevie Award last fall for Female Entrepreneur of the Year for in business products category for businesses with less than 10 employees.  Karin Lachmi Specializes in: Bioz offers a search engine for life science experimentation. The patent-pending software platform combines the work of scientists with advanced Natural Language Processing (NLP) and machine learning to help life scientists in academia and biopharma make experimentation decisions. Was this the original company name? No, the original name was PTENlab. Who named the company? Naming the company was the result of a team effort and brainstorm session where the founding employees came into agreement that Bioz best reflected our company values and mission. How and why did the company take on this name? We wanted something short and catchy, that was easy to remember and also related to biology and life sciences, since that is the space our technology serves. Additionally, we wanted the name to easily be turned into a verb. If a user wants to look up an antibody on our search engine for their research, they can go to the website and “bioz it,” much like how people use the term “Google” when saying they want to look something up online.  Bioz is also a simple enough name that it is easily built upon for future products and offerings. Additionally, we’ve found that companies with a “z” in the name makes it stand out and easier to remember from the rest of the pack, so Bioz seemed like the perfect choice. What names did you consider before choosing your company name, and why were they not chosen? Our original company name was PTENLab, inspired by the PTEN protein. However, for a company name it was too long and hard to pronounce, and didn’t evoke the same catchiness as Bioz. What tech companies do you admire or envy, and why? As stated, we were inspired by companies like Google that were able to inspire users to turn the name into a verb, which reflects its dominance in the industry and how widespread its influence is. Datical Year founded: 2012 Headquarters: Austin, Texas Number of employees: 50 Specializes in: Datical’s mission is to simplify the application release process by automating database deployments. It specializes in providing solutions that deliver database automation capabilities for agile, DevOps and continuous delivery investments.  CEO: Derek Hutson Derek Hutson Was this the original name? Absolutely. Who named the company? Robert Reeves, CTO.  How and why did the company take on this name? We absolutely needed something that referred to data and our approach. So, we found something that started with “dat” and rhymed with “radical.” What names did you consider before choosing your company’s name, and why were they not chosen? “I was really pulling for ReevesSoft, but the other co-founders didn’t like it. I don’t know why,” Reeves said.  Other options were YourDatabaseIsGoingToDie.com and WhyCantYouSpendMoreTimeWithYourFamily.com. Seriously, early startups tend to be a bit edgier. What tech company names do you admire or envy and why? We don’t envy at Datical. If we see others doing something we like, we simply duplicate it. “Good artists borrow, great artists steal.”  A company we admire is Amazon, specifically how they built AWS. They started it by using it internally; they had no intentions to sell it. It was just the right thing to do. Driven by Jeff Bezos’ API mandate memo (which Amazon CTO Werner Vogels demanded), Amazon had a huge improvement in time-to-market and stability.  Once that was in place, they needed extra capacity to handle spikes, but they realized that other companies would buy that capacity when they didn’t need it. Brilliant. Amazon avoided being Uber’d by Uber’ing themselves before Uber. Super meta. Vena Solutions Year founded: 2011 Headquarters: New York and Toronto Number of employees: 200 Specializes in: Vena Solutions, which raised $30 million in funding last year, turns Excel into an enterprise-class business solution with a centralized database, workflow, audit trail and more. Our technology is used for corporate performance management (CPM) applications, including budgeting, financial close management, reporting and automating other spreadsheet-driven processes across and beyond finance.  George Papayiannis We were founded on the belief that the technologies people know and love should always play a vital role in the way companies plan and measure the way they do business. We’ve turned loved products like Excel, Office 365 and Google Docs into an enterprise-class business solution with workflow, data warehousing and more. Co-founders: Rishi Grover, Don Mal and George Papayiannis.  CEO: Don Mal. Was this the original name? Yes, Vena Solutions was the original and only name for the company. Who named the company? Vena was named by co-founders Papayiannis and Grover.  How and why did the company take on this name? We sought a name reflecting the value propositions of our core solutions, without being so direct. To achieve this, we made a list of our solution’s benefits in a generic sense, and looked for names that we thought represented us well as a company. The keywords we searched included: process improvement, streamline, workflow and high data integrity.  We settled on “Vena,” from Greek and Latin, which translates to “stream” in English. Our solution helps companies streamline their most critical business processes, so the name was perfect. Vena also means “vein,” which fits perfectly with the way our solution handles data (the lifeblood of business), ensuring its effective flow. What tech company names do you admire or envy and why? Company names that we admire are those that are simple, yet non-direct regarding the market they are in. Names that are easily pronounced and can be marketed well.  But also names that are intriguing to make you want to understand the story behind the name. Apple is a great example, an apple as the perfect fruit, in a perfect package and delivering high nutrients. Very inspiring and definitely thinking outside the box. 0 Comments Top Articles Related Articles Recent Comments Microsoft Integrates Power BI in SharePoint Online Forrester Analyst: PaaS a ‘Revolution’ for Web Content Management AI-Fueled Storytelling Takes Customer Experience to the Next Level How Machine Learning Uncovers Hidden Correlations for Marketers Customer Loyalty Is Based on the Little Things Bioz, Datical, Vena Solutions: What's in a Name? The Ideal Organizational Culture Champions Individuals and the Greater Good How You Can Benefit From Enterprise Social Middleware When You Favor CX Over Employee Experience, Everyone Loses Life's Too Short for Dumb Meetings Useful Article? Email this Article Stumble This Follow @CMSWire Tags company culture, company names, digital workplace, leadership, social business, startups   Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Resources CMSWire's DX Summit Content Marketing Document Management Software Selecting a Web CMS SharePoint Migration Tools List Sitecore Consultant View All Events Add Your Event Events RSS Featured Events Feb 21 Container World Santa Clara 2017 Feb 22 [Earley Executive Roundtable] The Evolving Role of the Chief Data Officer Mar 2 [CMSWire Webinar] The New Rules of Employee Engagement Mar 7 [CMSWire Webinar] How to Simplify and Modernize ECM Mar 9 [CMSWire Webinar] User-Centric DX: Personas, Journey Map & Design Jun 19 Digital Workplace Experience Chicago 2017 Nov 13 CMSWire's DX Summit Chicago 2017 About Us CMSWire is a popular web magazine published by Simpler Media Group. We provide news, advice and analysis for professionals driving digital customer experience strategy, evolving the digital workplace and creating intelligent information management practices. The CMSWire team produces 500+ authoritative articles per quarter for a community of over 750,000 market influencers. Read more about us or learn how to advertise here. We also have a Reader Advisory Board. More: Monthly Editorial Calendar Article Submission Guidelines DX Summit Conference Advertiser Media Kit Stay In the Loop Get Our Newsletter Most Popular Articles Microsoft Integrates Power BI in SharePoint Online view comments Forrester Analyst: PaaS a ‘Revolution’ for Web Content Management view comments AI-Fueled Storytelling Takes Customer Experience to the Next Level view comments How Machine Learning Uncovers Hidden Correlations for Marketers view comments Customer Loyalty Is Based on the Little Things view comments Recent Comments © 2017 Simpler Media Group, Inc. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy. Terms of Use. Powered by Sitecore and Coveo. SMGP v2.1.6249.1883. NL-01a Get the CMSWire Newsletter Receive concise summaries of what's happening in your industry Get access to exclusive reports, white papers and webinars We take your privacy seriously NL-03a Get the CMSWire Newsletter You'll receive: Exclusive Articles Latest White Papers Early Event Invites Join 55,000 subscribers and growing We take your privacy seriously Get the CMSWire Newsletter Join 55,000 subscribers and growing We take your privacy seriously You'll receive Exclusive Articles Latest White Papers Webinar Invites NL-03a Join 55,000 of your peers Get the CMSWire newsletter. Access exclusive news, best practices and events.
tp:news tp:research tp:events Edition: International Nederlands Log in Register Products 0 Article Binder Edition: International Nederlands Log in Article Binder 0 Products Telecompaper Loading... 0 Sections Subscriptions Home Wireless Broadband : Video : General : IT : Industry Resources : Jobs : Calendar Subscriptions Wireless Oracle files appeal in Java infringement case against Google Monday 13 February 2017 | 09:16 CET | News Oracle has appealed the suit it lost against Google in May, when It sought to get a share of the profits from Android due to Google's use of Java code, Recode reported. Oracle sought damages of USD 8.8 billion, claiming Google had made USD 21 billion worth of profit from the over 3 billion Android devices activated. The company also asked for USD 475 million in lost licensing revenues. The appeal was filed on 10 February. Thank you for visiting Telecompaper We hope you've enjoyed your free articles. Sign up below to get access to the rest of this article and all the telecom news you need. Register free and gain access to even more articles from Telecompaper. Register here Subscribe and get unlimited access to Telecompaper’s full coverage, with a customised choice of news, commentary, research and alerts. Subscriptions Already registered? Remember me Free Headlines in your E-mail Every day we send out a free e-mail with the most important headlines of the last 24 hours. Subscribe now Categories: Mobile & Wireless Companies: Google / Oracle Countries: World ::: add a comment Add comment 
 Register an account with Telecompaper We welcome comments that add value to the discussion. We attempt to block comments that use offensive language or appear to be spam, and our editors frequently review the comments to ensure they are appropriate. If you see a comment that you believe is inappropriate to the discussion, you can bring it to our attention by using the report abuse links. As the comments are written and submitted by visitors of the Telecompaper website, they in no way represent the opinion of Telecompaper. Related Oracle loses Java infringement suit against Google Published 27 May 2016 08:38 CET | World Oracle has lost its lawsuit against Google seeking a share of the profits from Android due to Google's use of Java code. Jurors ... Oracle, Google Android copyright suit moves to retrial Published 18 Apr 2016 09:14 CET | United States Oracle and Google have not settle their long running Android OS copyright lawsuit, which will not head for the retrial scheduled ... Wireless 10:35 Huawei develops voice assistant for Chinese market - report China | News 09:50 Virgin Media sees higher RGUs, lower churn in Q4 United Kingdom | News 09:46 Fujitsu offers biometrics access to cloud via IoT devices World | News 09:36 Videotron launches daily roaming add-on Canada | News 06:25 Banglalink launches three e-books on Boi Ghor app Bangladesh | News 09:45 Telekom Deutschland offers customised IoT bundles Germany | News 08:37 OMA LightweightM2M v1.0 standard approved World | News 08:36 Coolpad enters Nepal market with Cool 1 smartphone launch China | News 07:22 ZTE, Huawei sued for AVC patent infringement Germany | News 09:38 NCC set to review mobile voice tariffs Nigeria | News ::: more wireless Related Info Oracle loses Java infringement suit against Google 27 May 2016 | World | News Oracle, Google Android copyright suit moves to retrial 18 Apr 2016 | United States | News 4.1% Tele2 mobile revenue share Netherlands  |  2016Q3 ::: more facts & figures Market Commentary 13 Feb Belgian MVNO market consolidates: Telenet/Base becomes dominant host network 20 Jan NLziet, T-Mobile to lead Dutch market evolution in 2017 19 Jan T-Mobile Netherlands breaks market taboos with end to data caps 30 Dec 16 Main TV viewing time falling as tablet, VoD take over 30 Dec 16 T-Mobile looks to force change in net neutrality law through courts ::: more market commentary Background Articles 15 Feb Traditional telephony versus OTT VoIP: the role of All-IP, termination fees and RLAH 14 Feb Tele2 NL looks to grow market share with 'freedom' and data 13 Feb CGAP's 2016 annual report shows importance of mobile payments but still much more work to be done 13 Feb Quad-play growing, but consumers still want mobile choice 6 Feb Facebook growth is peaking, time to take the next step with AR/VR and AI ::: more background articles Calendar   /   Industry Events 14 Feb FTTH Conference 15 Feb European OSS/BSS Summit 16 Feb Telenet Q4 2016 16 Feb Telstra fiscal H1 16 Feb Spark fiscal H1 16 Feb Arista Networks Q4 2016 16 Feb Charter Communications Q4 2016 16 Feb Telefonica Brasil Q4 2016 16 Feb Net Insight Q4 2016 16 Feb Liberty Global Q4 2016 17 Feb Digital Realty Q4 2016 17 Feb Comptel Q4 2016 20 Feb Edgeware Q4 2016 20 Feb Cisco Live EMEA 20 Feb Chief Data Officer Europe 2017 21 Feb Dasan Zhone Q4 2016 21 Feb MPLS + SDN NFV World Congress 22 Feb Telefonica Deutschland Q4 2016 22 Feb Magyar Telekom Q4 2016 22 Feb Televisa Q4 2016 22 Feb Arris Q4 2016 22 Feb Dish Network Q4 2016 22 Feb Weibo Q4 2016 23 Feb Cogent Communications Q4 2016 23 Feb Brocade fiscal Q1 23 Feb Dialog Semiconductor Q4 2016 23 Feb Adva Q4 2016 23 Feb Megacable Q4 2016 23 Feb Interdigital Q4 2016 23 Feb Bouygues Telecom Q4 2016 ::: More Calendar Items 20 Feb Chief Data Officer Europe 2017 23 Feb Datacloud Asia 2017 26 Feb Money20/20 Europe 2017 27 Feb GSMA Mobile World Congress 2017 01 Mar Big Data & Analytics Innovation Summit 01 Mar 2nd Big Data & CEM World Show 04 Mar 3rd Gigabit Acces 2017 06 Mar India m2m + iot Forum 2017 06 Mar Telecoms Mini MBA 08 Mar Cable Congress 08 Mar Telematics Conference Middle East & Africa 09 Mar Blockchain & Bitcoin Conference Tallinn 14 Mar Mastering the Requirements Process 20 Mar Customer Contact Week Europe 2017 21 Mar MPLS + SDN NFV World Congress 28 Mar COMEX - IT, Telecom and Technology Exhibition and Conference 28 Mar 1st Smart City Conference & Exhibition 29 Mar IoT Asia 2017 03 Apr The INCOMPAS 2017 03 Apr 10th Telecoms Energy Efficiency Forum 11 Apr Broadband Forum Asia 2017 12 Apr 2nd edition of 4.5 & 5G Innovation Summit 2017 18 Apr 4th International PLUS-Forum “Online & Offline Retail 2017 20 Apr Monetising Big Data in Telecoms World Summit 2017 21 Apr Telecoms World Asia 2017 26 Apr China SDN/NFV Conference 2017 27 Apr IoT Global Congress 02 May Loyalty Expo 2017 04 May SDN & NFV Conclave 2017 08 May WBA Wireless Global Congress ::: More Industry Events Twitter ::: follow Telecompaper on Twitter ::: follow Facebook ::: like Telecompaper on Facebook ::: like LinkedIn ::: connect with Telecompaper on LinkedIn ::: connect Free Headlines ::: subscribe now Telecompaper We have been keeping professionals in the telecoms industry up-to-date since 2000. Telecompaper is a well respected, independent research and publishing company focussed on the telecommunications industry. tp:news tp:research tp:events This Site My account Alerts Subscriptions Products iPhone app Syndication FAQ / Help Advertise Press Contact Jobs Industry events Contact Information Corporate HQ Standerdmolen 20-III 3995 AA Houten The Netherlands Phone: +31 30 6349600 Fax: +31 30 6349699 Legal Information © 2000 - 2017 Telecom.paper BV. All rights reserved. Telecompaper is a trademark of Telecom.paper BV. No part of this site can be reproduced without the expressed permission of Telecom.paper BV. Our General Terms and Conditions can be found here. Privacy Policy Cookie Statement Terms and Conditions OK For optimum operation, this website makes use of cookies. For more information click here.
News London Crime London Mayor Politics Transport Business Comment Londoner's Diary Football Arsenal Chelsea Crystal Palace Tottenham Watford West Ham Other sport Going Out Restaurants Pubs & Bars Arts Theatre Film Music Great Days Out Events & Attractions Lifestyle Fashion ES Best Food & Drink Beauty Health & Fitness Travel Design ES Magazine The Agenda Showbiz Staying In Strictly Come Dancing The X Factor Homes & Property Property News Area Guides Home & Garden Luxury Charity appeal Sign in Register Benefits User policies News Charity appeal London Crime Politics Transport Education Health Technology Mayor of London Comment Londoner's Diary Football Arsenal Chelsea Tottenham Hotspur Crystal Palace Watford West Ham Transfer News Premier League Championship Sport Rugby Union Tennis Cricket Showbiz Strictly Come Dancing The X Factor One Direction Taylor Swift Kim Kardashian Top Gear Going Out Theatre Awards Restaurants Bars, Pubs & Clubs Arts Theatre Film Music Comedy Events & Attractions Great Days Out Tickets Staying In TV and film Tech and Gaming Music Streaming Books Puzzles & Games Crosswords Competitions Lifestyle Fashion Food & Drink Beauty Health & Fitness Travel Design ES Magazine Dating The Agenda Motors Shopping ES Best ES Shop Travel Offers Business & Money Money Transfers Business Directory Health insurance Homes & Property Property news Area guides Home & garden Luxury Follow us: We use cookies to enhance your visit to our site and to bring you advertisements that might interest you. Read our Privacy and Cookie Policies to find out more. Staying In Tech and Gaming Nokia set to relaunch classic 3310 handset Prepare to get addicted to Snake II all over again Ben Travis Tuesday 14 February 2017 16:18 GMT Click to follow ES Entertainment Now here’s a blast from the past – Nokia are expected to be bringing back their classic 3310 handset. While most of us now carry around all-singing all-dancing iPhones and smart devices, the hugely popular Nokia mobile is set to return in all its near-indestructible glory. According to leaked reports, Nokia will be making a comeback at the Mobile World Congress in February. They are allegedly debuting a few new smartphones – as well as a simpler unit that will homage the 3310. Google Pixel Phone 4 show all Google Pixel Phone 1/4 iPhone rival Google's new Pixel phone is the latest competitor for Apple to contend with - and the handset boasts a day-long battery life Israel Peters 2/4 First in line 19 year-old Rabi Rafi was the first Londoner to purchase the phone Israel Peters 3/4 Initial reaction "I think it's the best phone that has been made in the last couple of years," Rafi said. "I haven't been this excited in a while!" Israel Peters 4/4 In demand Tech fans queued up from 6am to get their hands on the Pixel Israel Peters It is likely to cost £50 (€59), and is expected to be marketed as a back-up handset for those with more battery-zapping hi-tech main phones. Read more 10 ways the iPhone has changed our world in the last 10 years The Nokia 3310 was first launched in 2000, and featured the typical pre-smartphone numbered keyboard. The phone featured a battery life up to 260 hours - a far cry from current mobiles - while its replaceable snap-on casing design made it a notably sturdy device. iPhone marks 10th anniversary As well as sending texts and making calls, the 3310 included fondly-remembered mobile games like Snake II and Space Impact. Read more 2 nasty bugs are destroying iPhone battery life How playing games on the Tube in London can brighten your commute Drone racing is coming to London- and here's how you can watch it It’s not yet known whether HMD Global, the Finnish company who bought the rights to the Nokia brand, will be including the beloved games when the handset relaunches. More about: Nokia mobile phone Reuse content Comments Most Popular Video Sponsored Features Follow us: All Topics All Authors Archive Terms of use Contact Us Privacy policy Cookie policy Code of Conduct & Complaints Advertisers Promotion rules Contributors Syndication Business Connections Homes & Property Jobs London Live The Independent This is London Magazine indy100 Install our apps Close We have noticed that you are using an ad blocker. Free access to Standard.co.uk’s comprehensive package of news, sport and entertainment relies on advertising revenue. This allows us to invest in the best writers, pictures and videos. To continue viewing the site please disable your ad blocker for Standard.co.uk. Need help to do this? Thank you for your support. How to disable your ad blocker for standard.co.uk Adblock / Adblock Plus Click the Adblock/Adblock Plus icon, which is to the right of your address bar. On Adblock click "Don't run on pages on this domain". On Adblock Plus click "Enabled on this site" to disable ad blocking for the current website you are on. If you are in Firefox click "disable on standard.co.uk". Firefox Tracking Protection If you are Private Browsing in Firefox, "Tracking Protection" may cause the adblock notice to show. It can be temporarily disabled by clicking the "shield" icon in the address bar. Ghostery Click the Ghostery icon. In versions before 6.0 click "whitelist site". In version 6.0 click "trust site" or add standard.co.uk to your Trusted Site list. In versions before 6.0 you will see the message "Site is whitelisted". Click "reload the page to see your changes". uBlock Click the uBlock icon. Then click the big power button to whitelist the current web site, and its state will be remembered next time you visit the web site. Then reload the page. Close Thank you for supporting standard.co.uk Continue to our site
Skip to content Search Menu Comic Library Contribute Podcasts Advertising About Us Contact Search Search Menu Comic Library Contribute Podcasts Advertising About Us Contact Search Case Study: "Zero Downtime: How These Six Companies Achieved It" Read how these six organizations ­­– Circlum Farma, oXya, Nimble Group, Burton Corporation, Baldor Electric, Business Connection –– successfully minimize or eliminate server downtime with SUSE solutions. Contact us for more information on listing your whitepaper, case study or report. DOWNLOAD Autonomous Self Driving Car Leaders Reveal Why Drivers Revert To Manual February 14, 2017February 14, 2017 by Kiril Kirilov 28shares Autonomous cars Autonomous cars covered over 640,000 test miles on Californian roads in 2015. Eleven developers released car testing reports. Google’s Waymo completed 636,000 miles. GM’s Cruise, Nissan, and Delphi covered over 3000 miles. Others included VW/Audi, Mercedes-Benz, Tesla, Bosch, BMW, Honda, and Ford. All reports show similar reasons why drivers take manual control – an event known as ‘disengagement’ or ‘DE’ in the trade. The accumulated reports were released by the State of California Department of Motor Vehicles. Streetwise or not? The summarised reports show that complex road situations on urban streets provided the most common reasons for test engineers to grab the wheel. This included traversing roadworks, changing lanes, and overtaking. Google’s car, which was tested most extensively, most often reverted to manual when about to perform unexpected and unwanted manoeuvres, or as a remedy for apparent software discrepancies. It is laudable that companies like Google prefer to test their autonomous vehicles in complex urban environments, rather than on more straightforward freeways. Some 89 percent of all Google disengagements were in cities. Less laudably, the reasons for disengagement raise concerns about how well autonomous cars’ software and sensors cope with urban conditions. Autonomous car disengagements Miles covered Miles per disengagement in 2015 Common causes Waymo (Google) 635,868 1244.4 Software discrepancy; unwanted vehicle manoeuvre VW/Audi N/A 74.8 N/A Mercedes-Benz 673.4 1.8 Driver discomfort; planned technology tests Delphi 3125.3 41.9 Changing lanes in heavy traffic; traffic light detection Tesla Motors 550 N/A Invalid planner or follower output Bosch 983 1.5 Planned technology tests Nissan 4099 14 System failure; imminent collision Cruise (GM) 9846.5 N/A Remedying unexpected behaviour BMW 638 N/A Unclear lane markings Honda N/A N/A N/A Ford 590 N/A Aborted lane change during high speed overtaking Comparing apples and oranges The Google report reveals that, of 69 reported safe operation events in 2015, 13 were simulated contacts. In plain language this means the vehicle was on its way to collide with another object unless the driver had taken manual control. The other 56 events could also have led to contact with another object, though less imminently. The figures show that autonomous cars still require close supervision by a human driver. To be fair, research needs to provide comparisons with manually driven cars. Any such research would be untenable, however, as it would compare the proverbial apples with oranges. Human thought processes are intrinsically unsuitable for comparison with the algorithms that operate autonomous cars. A researcher can collect, assess, and analyse data on both human driven and autonomous cars, but cannot correctly address factors like emotion, intuition, or human experience accumulated over eons of evolution. An experienced driver can anticipate the behaviour of a car in the adjacent lane fairly quickly. Algorithms are still a long way from being able to do so. This is reflected in Google’s disengagements figures. Between September 2014 and November 2015 ‘perception discrepancy’ caused 199 disengagements. Next came software discrepancy, with 80 events. Hardware issues aside, there were 55 disengagements because the car began to manoeuvre in unexpected ways, and 23 to accommodate reckless behaviour by other road users. Ready for adoption: not yet The reports in effect reveal that autonomous vehicles cannot yet handle complex road situations and are apt to make unexpected moves that are potentially dangerous for their occupants and other road users. A commonly cited complex situation involves roadworks. These feature multiple and diverse road signs and instructions, which can totally overcome self driving cars’ control algorithms. As any driver knows all too well, roadworks are very common. Yet, it emerges that no programmed autonomous driving solution can cope with them at the moment. The only scenario that would work is fairly utopian. It involves only autonomous cars, each with fully compatible sensors, and each able to communicate and with all the others, instantly. It would be unkind to state that autonomous car research to date has resulted in something akin to air traffic control or railway signalling. Other constraints to autonomous car adoption include allowances for emergency vehicles and the cars’ current inability to anticipate other road users’ moves. An accumulation of more than one such factor could result in a hazardous situation where drivers have to take control. What is more, today’s state of the art autonomous cars need their derivers to be alert and to second-guess the technology at all times. Parkinson’s Law states that they would be apt to undertake unexpected manoeuvres exactly when the driver is relaxed or distracted and is thus unable to take the wheel. The incidence of disengagements has fallen significantly over the past year. Google reports 0.8 DAs per thousand miles in 2015 and just 0.2 last year. All the same, the technology is still very much in gestation, and the figures pinpoint the areas all manufacturers ought to take to heart when honing their autonomous cars. By Kiril V. Kirilov Author About Kiril Kirilov Kiril V. Kirilov has covered IT and business and finance topics as a full-time journalist and freelance writer for over two decades. His other fields of expertise include content strategy and content marketing, as well as all business aspects of technology industry trends. Categories A.I, Cloud Computing, Digital Transformation, Internet of Things, News Post navigation Moore’s Law and Quantum Computing Tips to Help You Get the Most Out of Big Data Analytics Cisco earnings: Will big bets on software pay off? When Cisco Systems Inc. reports earnings Wednesday, the big question will be if the networking giant’s repeated gambles on software can reverse a yearlong sales slide, or at least point to a reversal of that trend in the future. Cisco CSCO, +1.06%  is scheduled to report fiscal second-quarter earnings less than a month after announcing its latest multibillion-dollar software acquisition, ... Read More Intel Security Mends Cybersecurity Fragmentation with Unifying Strategy Offering Integrated and Automated Solutions, Expansive Partner Ecosystem, Advanced Architecture with Cross-Industry Collaboration SAN FRANCISCO, Feb. 14, 2017 – Today Intel Security outlined a new, unifying approach for the cybersecurity industry that strives to eliminate fragmentation through updated integrated solutions, new cross-industry partnerships and product integrations within the Intel Security Innovation Alliance and Cyber Threat Alliance (CTA). “Transforming isolated technologies ... Read More Juniper Research: Mobile Operators Eye $85 Billion Service Opportunities Over Next 5 Years IoT Enablement, Analytics Offer Strong Monetisation Opportunities HAMPSHIRE, UNITED KINGDOM--(Marketwired - February 13, 2017) - A new study from Juniper Research has calculated that mobile network operators can realise an additional $85 billion in revenues over the next five years through the deployment and enhancement of non-core services including Big Data analytics and IoT (Internet of Things) enablement. Operators "Can ... Read More Intel Announces $7 Billion Arizona Based Semiconductor Factory Intel Corp (INTC.O) chose the Oval Office as its backdrop to announce a $7 billion investment in a new Arizona semiconductor factory, a plant it said would create 3,000 new jobs when it is up and running. Intel Chief Executive Officer Brian Krzanich announced the investment to reporters while standing behind President Donald Trump, a signal of how corporate America ... Read More Cloud Security Alliance and Securing Smart Cities Release Municipal Drone Best Practices Securing Smart Cities SEATTLE, Feb. 2, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- The Cloud Security Alliance (CSA), the world's leading organization dedicated to defining and raising awareness of best practices to help ensure a secure cloud computing environment, together with Securing Smart Cities, a not-for-profit global initiative that aims to solve the existing and future cyber security problems of smart cities, today announced the ... Read More Contributors The Cancer Moonshot: Collaboration Is Key Cancer Moonshot In his final State of the Union address in January 2016, President Obama announced a new American “moonshot” ... Read More Adopting A Cohesive GRC Mindset For Cloud Security Cloud Security Mindset Businesses are becoming wise to the compelling benefits of cloud computing. When adopting cloud, they need a ... Read More The Rise Of BI Data And How To Use It Effectively The Rise of BI Data Every few years, a new concept or technological development is introduced that drastically improves the ... Read More 5% Of Companies Have Embraced The Digital Innovation Fostered By Cloud Computing Embracing The Cloud We love the stories of big complacent industry leaders having their positions sledge hammered by nimble cloud-based ... Read More Cloud-Based Services vs. On-Premises: It’s About More Than Just Dollars Cloud-Based Services vs. On-Premises The surface costs might give you pause, but the cost of diminishing your differentiators is far ... Read More Recent State of the Cloud Report In 2017 Cloud Report 2017 As the definitive guide to the biggest trends in the cloud industry, this year’s “State of the ... Read More Safeguarding Data When Employees Leave The Company Safeguarding Data Employee turnover is unavoidable. According to CompData Consulting, the average employee turnover rate in 2015 in the US ... Read More Cloud Competition Keeps Us On Our Toes Cloud Competition A recent study predicts the global cloud computing market will grow at a CAGR of approximately 27.5% in ... Read More Tips to Help You Get the Most Out of Big Data Analytics Get the Most Out of Big Data Analytics The amount and type of data related companies continues to increase each ... Read More Moore’s Law and Quantum Computing Quantum Computing 1971 saw the release of the world’s first commercially available microprocessor – Intel’s 4004. In the years that ... Read More Popular The Industries That The Cloud Will Change The Most The Industries That The Cloud Will Change The Most Cloud computing is rapidly revolutionizing the way we do business. Instead ... Read More The Global Rise of Cloud Computing The Global Rise of Cloud Computing Despite the rapid growth of cloud computing, the cloud still commands a small portion ... Read More Cloud Infographic – Cloud Computing And SMEs Cloud Computing And SMEs SMEs (Small/Medium Sized Enterprises) make up the bulk of businesses today. Most cloud based applications created ... Read More Utilizing Digital Marketing Techniques Via The Cloud Digital Marketing Trends In the past, trends in the exceptionally fast-paced digital marketing arena have been quickly adopted or abandoned, ... Read More How Your Startup Can Benefit From Cloud Computing And Growth Hacking Ambitious Startups An oft-quoted statistic, 50% of new businesses fail within five years. And the culling of startups is even ... Read More The Business of Security: Avoiding Risks The Business of Security Security is one of those IT concerns that aren’t problematic until disaster strikes. It might be ... Read More The Cloud Above Our Home Our Home - Moving All Things Into The Cloud The promise of a smart home had excited the imagination of ... Read More Cloud Infographic – What Is The Internet of Things? What Is The Internet of Things? “We’re still in the first minutes of the first day of the Internet revolution.” ... Read More CURATED LIST - Tweaks, Tools & Resources Threat Cloud Kaspersky Cybermap Digital Attack Map Threatbutt Fire Eye HaveIbeenpwned Hackaday Hackerone Downdetector Gtmetrix Pingdom Tools Pagespeed Insights Bandwidthplace Teardown ifixit Instructables Builtwith Userbenchmark CPU World Compressor.io Mashape ProgrammableWeb Mashery Angel.io Alternative To Crunchbase Webhostinggeeks Statista Searchcode Nerdy Data Freecodecamp Dirtymarkup Codewars About Us Established in 2009, CloudTweaks has grown to become an industry-leading authority in cloud-connected information technology resources. We provide news, thought leadership pieces, podcasts and our own unique brand of tech related comics.... Stay connected and subscribe to our newsletter for weekly updates... AI Big Data Cloud Computing Fintech Internet of Things Infosec Martech Email Us Copyright © 2017 · CloudTweaks - contact (@) cloudtweaks.com
Sections SEO SEM Mobile Local Retail Google Bing Social Home Submit Follow Us Follow SEO SEM Mobile Local Retail Google Bing Social More Submit Follow SUBSCRIBE Subscribe Search Engine Land AdWords Auctions Here's how Google's own ads impact bids & pricing AMP Change Google makes it easier to share publishers' real URLs Subscribe to SearchCap SUBSCRIBE SEO SEM Mobile Local Retail Google Bing Social Home Industry Get the best search news, tips and resources, delivered each day. SUBSCRIBE SearchCap: Google AdWords connects with Data Studio, Searchmetrics ranking factors & mobile popup study Barry Schwartz on February 10, 2017 at 4:00 pm More Below is what happened in search today, as reported on Search Engine Land and from other places across the web. From Search Engine Land: Google Data Studio beefs up AdWords MCC integration Feb 10, 2017 by Ginny Marvin A new “Manager Accounts” option lets MCC account holders select individual sub-accounts for reporting. Here’s how Google’s own ads impact bids & pricing in AdWords auctions Feb 10, 2017 by Ginny Marvin Google takes steps to minimize the impact of its ads on CPCs, but advertisers pay as if Google didn’t win its ad positions, not as if Google didn’t bid at all. The impact (and lack thereof) of Google’s mobile popup algorithm Feb 10, 2017 by Glenn Gabe Back in August 2016, Google warned that it would be releasing an algorithm to crack down on interstitials on mobile pages. Now that the update has been live for a month, columnist Glenn Gabe shares his findings on the impact. How to nail a local SEO pitch Feb 10, 2017 by Lydia Jorden Wondering how to make a good impression with potential clients? Columnist Lydia Jorden shares her process for successfully pitching to local businesses, even if they don’t have much SEO knowledge. Searchmetrics e-commerce ranking factors study says easy e-commerce sites rank higher in Google Feb 10, 2017 by Barry Schwartz Want to know what makes an e-commerce site rank well in Google? This study explores those ranking signals. Search in Pics: Google vintage office, embedded wall offices & hamburger bean bag Feb 10, 2017 by Barry Schwartz In this week’s Search In Pictures, here are the latest images culled from the web, showing what people eat at the search engine companies, how they play, who they meet, where they speak, what toys they have and more. Google hamburger beanbag chair: Source: Instagram Google roosters: Source: Instagram Vintage Google office: Source: Instagram Offices […] Data: Google monthly search volume dwarfs rivals because of mobile advantage Feb 9, 2017 by Greg Sterling Google likely has 30+ billion queries per month across platforms. Recent Headlines From Marketing Land, Our Sister Site Dedicated To Internet Marketing: [Podcast] Marketing Land Live #44: A Super Bowl / Hashtag Bowl recap with Brandwatch CMO Will McInnes Cool tricks to explore Google’s Knowledge Graph results, featuring Donald Trump Top 10 YouTube Ads in January: Clash Royale spot ranks No. 1 with 11.1M views Local SEO in 2017: 5 simple ways to dominate local search Making the right martech bets [Infographic] Google releases Chrome version with the first browser support for WebVR Hootsuite buys AdEspresso, adds onboard Facebook/Instagram ad management Facebook opens itself to measurement audit, gives brands more control over video ad buys Nielsen’s ‘Digital in TV Ratings’ wins MRC accreditation Yelp Q4: earnings beat expectations, but guidance disappoints investors What businesses need to know about the Yelp Elite program 3 things you can do to stop (or at least slow) customer churn Create an RFP for your next website project with this step-by-step guide See the MarTech Conference agenda now Search News From Around The Web: Local & Maps Time to disover new places in Africa. Ghana, Senegal and Uganda now on Street View!, Google Maps Blog Link Building Google’s Gary Illyes: We’re Still Using PageRank After 18 Years, Search Engine Roundtable SEO Ask Yoast: how to get users to the right subdomain?, Yoast Google Launches Hotel Rich Cards In Search Results, Search Engine Roundtable HTTP Status Codes & Technical SEO, Search Engine People The Keyword + Year Content/Rankings Hack – Whiteboard Friday, Moz The SEO Copywriting Checklist, BruceClay.com What happened with Google Japan’s Update on Feb 2017, irep.co.jp SEM / Paid Search Jury Orders $2.3 Million Payment Over Search-Ad Click-Fraud, Ad Age Fall in Love with Google Advertising This Valentine’s Day, marketingcloud.com Setting goals for your PPC campaigns, Bing Ads Blog Using Google Analytics Custom Dashboards For PPC Reporting, PPC Hero Search Marketing Video: Google Algorithm Update, Mobile Bugs, Search Console & AdWords, Search Engine Roundtable About The Author Barry Schwartz Barry Schwartz is Search Engine Land's News Editor and owns RustyBrick, a NY based web consulting firm. He also runs Search Engine Roundtable, a popular search blog on very advanced SEM topics. Barry can be followed on social media at @rustybrick, +BarrySchwartz and Facebook. For more background information on Barry, see his full bio and disclosures, click over here. Related Topics Channel: IndustrySearchCap Sponsored We're listening. Have something to say about this article? Share it with us on Facebook, Twitter or our LinkedIn Group. Attend Our Conferences March 21-23, 2017: SMX West June 2017: SMX Advanced October 24-26, 2017: SMX East × Attend SMX - Click Here Learn More About Our SMX Events Gain new strategies and insights at the intersection of marketing, technology, and management. Our next conference will be held: May 9-11, 2017: MarTech San Francisco October 2-4, 2017: MarTech Boston × Attend MarTech - Click Here Learn More About Our MarTech Events Take the MarTech Quiz Think you know martech? Find out by taking this 3-minute quiz. See how you score and share it with friends! Let's Get Started White Papers The Facebook Advertising Ecosystem The Digital Marketer’s Guide to AI-Powered CRO Using Marketing Automation and Sales Strategy as a Foundation for Profitable Growth Website Redesign RFP: A Step-By-Step Guide To Creating An RFP For Your Website Project How to Use Live Chat to Increase Conversion See More Whitepapers Webcasts Build Your Ultimate Martech Stack Intro to Agile Marketing: Work faster and smarter by changing how you work Creative is Complicated: Tips for better brand/agency collaboration See More Webcasts Research Reports Content Marketing Tools B2B Predictive Marketing Analytics Platforms Social Media Management Software Call Analytics Platforms Paid Media Campaign Management Platforms B2B Marketing Automation Platforms See More Research The Periodic Table of Seo Success Sign up for our daily newsletter. SUBSCRIBE Follow Us © 2017 Third Door Media, Inc. All rights reserved.
Toggle search box Toggle navigation Home News Amazon Microsoft Startups Space Science Sports Tech Cloud Tech – presented by Salesforce Geek Life Podcast Apple Google Impact Series Real Estate App of the Week Geek of the Week Startup Spotlight Geek Home of the Week by Realogics Sotheby’s Working Geek – presented by Smartsheet Tech Moves Launch Pads Jobs Events GeekWire Events Community Calendar Resources Memberships Health Benefits Startup Resources Startup List GeekWire 200 Seattle Engineering Centers Startup Spaces GeekWire Store Community Calendar Deals About About GeekWire Email Newsletters Contact Us Advertise Sponsors Reprints & Permissions Search for: LATEST POPULAR GeekWire Deals: Access over 1,000 expert-led online courses to learn new skills and advance your career (96% off) Looking for Planet 9 and other far-out objects? Finally, NASA has an app for that Amazon Web Services CEO Andy Jassy says this is the cloud giant’s top priority — by far This startup preserves your cells for the future, to capitalize on medical breakthroughs yet to come Full Interview: Bill Gates on global health, clean energy, Trump, Microsoft and the future of the world NASA looks into sending astronauts on a trip beyond the moon as early as 2019 Amazon tops Harris Poll for corporate reputation, again, and Jeff Bezos emails ‘kudos and congrats’ GeekWork Picks: Distiller seeks mobile engineers to fuel liquor discovery platform Here’s why the VC firm that backed eBay, Groupon and Zulily is excited about virtual and augmented reality Record360 raises $500K to grow platform that reduces damage disputes with rental companies Amazon hires former Sony online chief to lead team working on ‘ambitious new project’ using AWS and Twitch GeekWire Calendar Picks: The ‘upstarts’ of Silicon Valley; David Duchovny visits Seattle; and more Alexa gets even busier as Amazon integrates Outlook.com calendars onto Echo and Dot devices Forget Officer Friendly, Seattle’s Officer Selfie steps in to help woman get her purse back 104-satellite launch marks success for India (and Seattle’s Spaceflight Industries) Inside the VR hit ‘Rec Room’ with Against Gravity, a breakthrough virtual reality startup in Seattle Report: Verizon near agreement to lower price of Yahoo acquisition, suggesting deal is close GeekWire Deals: Learn the art of data visualization with this Tableau training course Neurosurgery professor raises cash for stealthy biotech startup Silverback Therapeutics Amazon grabs new Bryan Cranston series based on works of ‘The Man in the High Castle’ author Amazon cloud leader Andy Jassy sizes up the competition in rare public remarks about rivals Amazon unveils Chime, looks to reinvent the conference call with new Skype and GoToMeeting competitor SAP President Steve Singh says cloud computing is yesterday’s news — ‘microservices’ are the future Google quietly donates $10M to University of Washington in another major computer science gift Vintage Kurt Cobain guitar being offered on eBay; Portland charity to receive a portion of the sale It’s hard to #resist! ‘Saturday Night Live’ debuts on Snapchat with story about couple’s Trump troubles The cost of convenience: Amazon’s shipping losses top $7B for first time Valentine’s Day Google Doodle game calls attention to cute — and endangered —  animal Silicon Valley tech workers lead migration to Seattle, which now ranks 2nd in U.S. for software engineer salaries Dating in Seattle: Here’s what smartphone app habits say about how Seattleites date Expedia CEO on earnings call: ‘Hopefully we will all be alive to see the end of next year.’ Bill Gates is still mixing it up at Microsoft in his spare time: ‘I love what’s going on there — it’s fun’ Amazon tops Harris Poll for corporate reputation, again, and Jeff Bezos emails ‘kudos and congrats’ Tech Moves: Zillow adds Slack VP to board as Trulia co-founder departs; Utrip names COO; etc. Interview: Why Bill Gates is still optimistic about the world, and what he wants from President Trump Amazon grabs new Bryan Cranston series based on works of ‘The Man in the High Castle’ author Could Amazon make Victoria’s Secret go bust? Tech giant reportedly launching line of $10 bras Get a sneak peek at Boeing’s 737 MAX 9 jet – and the pioneering technology behind it Coolest Cooler delivers new update as deliveries trickle out for still-waiting Kickstarter backers NASA looks into sending astronauts on a trip beyond the moon as early as 2019 Trending: Amazon tops Harris Poll for corporate reputation, again, and Jeff Bezos emails ‘kudos and congrats’ GeekWire Deals: Enter this giveaway for a chance at the Google Pixel, Home, and Daydream View by Christie Brydon on February 10, 2017 at 11:30 amFebruary 13, 2017 at 8:01 am GeekWire Picks Comments  1 Share  1 Tweet Share  4 Reddit Email Buy tickets to the GeekWire Bash here! Enter for a chance to win this giveaway here. When Google released its first smartphone, the Google Pixel proved you really can have it all. This savvy phone boasts a seven-hour battery life, a mere 15-minute charge time, no unwanted apps, and the best smartphone camera on the market. Make video calls with both Android and iPhone users, and take snapshots with the 8 MP front camera and 12.3 MP rear camera. That alone is worth investing in some Google hardware, but luckily, it didn’t stop there. Google Home takes on the smart home with do-it-all capabilities, like answering your questions, playing music, setting kitchen timers, controlling other smart devices, and beyond. Simply ask, and Google Home delivers. What about virtual reality? Google’s Daydream View is its virtual reality headset that lets you experience games, videos, concerts, and sports games in a whole new way. Get up close with an immersive view, using this headset and your Daydream-ready smartphone. The benefits (and cool factor) go on and on. To cap it off, you could win—yes, as in get for free— all three. Enter the Google Hardware Giveaway now! Comments 1 Share  1 Tweet Share  4 Reddit Email Previous PicksGeekWire Deals: Take 70% off hundreds of career-boosting online learning courses Next PicksGeekWire Deals: Get this coupon for half-off any Shutterstock basic image pack Product Category: Gaming • Giveaway • Hardware • Home Entertainment • Smartphones Brands: Google GeekWire Newsletters Subscribe to GeekWire's free newsletters to catch every headline Email address Subscribe GeekWire Daily - Top headlines daily GeekWire Weekly - Most-read stories of the week, delivered Sunday GeekWire Sports Tech - The intersection of sports & technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Space & Science - Weekly headlines from Alan Boyle, award-winning aerospace and science editor GeekWire Podcasts — Weekly update with our latest audio episodes GeekWire Cloud Tech Weekly — Cloud and developer technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Mid-week Update — Most-read stories so far this week, delivered Wednesday GeekWire Local Deals — Special offers for Pacific Northwest area readers See MoreGeekWire Events You Might Like GeekWire Deals: Here’s your chance to win an epic Google Hardware Giveaway GeekWire Deals: Enter the Google Pixel XL Phone Giveaway GeekWire Deals: Happy Thanksgiveaway! Enter for a chance to win the Google Pixel XL Phone GeekWire Deals: Join the VR revolution for under $35 with this smartphone-powered setup Previous PicksGeekWire Deals: Take 70% off hundreds of career-boosting online learning courses Next PicksGeekWire Deals: Get this coupon for half-off any Shutterstock basic image pack Like what you're reading? Subscribe to GeekWire's free newsletters to catch every headline Email address Subscribe GeekWire Daily - Top headlines daily GeekWire Weekly - Most-read stories of the week, delivered Sunday GeekWire Sports Tech - The intersection of sports & technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Space & Science - Weekly headlines from Alan Boyle, award-winning aerospace and science editor GeekWire Podcasts — Weekly update with our latest audio episodes GeekWire Cloud Tech Weekly — Cloud and developer technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Mid-week Update — Most-read stories so far this week, delivered Wednesday GeekWire Local Deals — Special offers for Pacific Northwest area readers Comments Most Popular on GeekWire Amazon cloud leader Andy Jassy sizes up the competition in rare public remarks about rivals Amazon unveils Chime, looks to reinvent the conference call with new Skype and GoToMeeting competitor SAP President Steve Singh says cloud computing is yesterday’s news — ‘microservices’ are the future Google quietly donates $10M to University of Washington in another major computer science gift Job Listings on GeekWork Find more jobs on GeekWork. Employers, post a job here. Technical Support EngineerKinetiq Sr. Software Engineer – BackendWhitepages Site Reliability Engineer – Data SystemsOfferUp A Word From Our Sponsors NEXUS Condominum provides a glimpse into the future of Downtown Seattle living Read More Happy Valentine’s Day Fellow GeekWire Geeks Read More Universities are the pipeline to fill growing cloud computing jobs. Read More START SOMETHING! Learn more at an info session February 15th or online February 24th UW Professional Master’s in Computer Science & Engineering Info Sessions Feb. 13 and 27 See complete schedule of upcoming info sessions. NEXUS Condominum provides a glimpse into the future of Downtown Seattle living Read More Happy Valentine’s Day Fellow GeekWire Geeks Read More Universities are the pipeline to fill growing cloud computing jobs. Read More START SOMETHING! Learn more at an info session February 15th or online February 24th UW Professional Master’s in Computer Science & Engineering Info Sessions Feb. 13 and 27 See complete schedule of upcoming info sessions. Galactic Sponsors Platinum Sponsors Gold Sponsors Silver Sponsors About About GeekWire Contact Us Ask About Advertising Send Us a Tip Apply for Startup Spotlight Apply for Geek of the Week Become a GeekWire Member Join Our Startup List Reprints and Permissions Follow GeekWire Newsletters Catch every headline in your inbox Email address Subscribe GeekWire Daily - Top headlines daily GeekWire Weekly - Most-read stories of the week, delivered Sunday GeekWire Sports Tech - The intersection of sports & technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Space & Science - Weekly headlines from Alan Boyle, award-winning aerospace and science editor GeekWire Podcasts — Weekly update with our latest audio episodes GeekWire Cloud Tech Weekly — Cloud and developer technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Mid-week Update — Most-read stories so far this week, delivered Wednesday GeekWire Local Deals — Special offers for Pacific Northwest area readers GeekWire Apps iOS Android Apple News Windows Phone Windows 8 Google Play Newsstand GeekWire Developer Blog Return to Top of Page Privacy Policy | Terms of Use © 2011-2017 GeekWire, LLC
Toggle search box Toggle navigation Home News Amazon Microsoft Startups Space Science Sports Tech Cloud Tech – presented by Salesforce Geek Life Podcast Apple Google Impact Series Real Estate App of the Week Geek of the Week Startup Spotlight Geek Home of the Week by Realogics Sotheby’s Working Geek – presented by Smartsheet Tech Moves Launch Pads Jobs Events GeekWire Events Community Calendar Resources Memberships Health Benefits Startup Resources Startup List GeekWire 200 Seattle Engineering Centers Startup Spaces GeekWire Store Community Calendar Deals About About GeekWire Email Newsletters Contact Us Advertise Sponsors Reprints & Permissions Search for: LATEST POPULAR GeekWire Deals: Access over 1,000 expert-led online courses to learn new skills and advance your career (96% off) Looking for Planet 9 and other far-out objects? Finally, NASA has an app for that Amazon Web Services CEO Andy Jassy says this is the cloud giant’s top priority — by far This startup preserves your cells for the future, to capitalize on medical breakthroughs yet to come Full Interview: Bill Gates on global health, clean energy, Trump, Microsoft and the future of the world NASA looks into sending astronauts on a trip beyond the moon as early as 2019 Amazon tops Harris Poll for corporate reputation, again, and Jeff Bezos emails ‘kudos and congrats’ GeekWork Picks: Distiller seeks mobile engineers to fuel liquor discovery platform Here’s why the VC firm that backed eBay, Groupon and Zulily is excited about virtual and augmented reality Record360 raises $500K to grow platform that reduces damage disputes with rental companies Amazon hires former Sony online chief to lead team working on ‘ambitious new project’ using AWS and Twitch GeekWire Calendar Picks: The ‘upstarts’ of Silicon Valley; David Duchovny visits Seattle; and more Alexa gets even busier as Amazon integrates Outlook.com calendars onto Echo and Dot devices Forget Officer Friendly, Seattle’s Officer Selfie steps in to help woman get her purse back 104-satellite launch marks success for India (and Seattle’s Spaceflight Industries) Inside the VR hit ‘Rec Room’ with Against Gravity, a breakthrough virtual reality startup in Seattle Report: Verizon near agreement to lower price of Yahoo acquisition, suggesting deal is close GeekWire Deals: Learn the art of data visualization with this Tableau training course Neurosurgery professor raises cash for stealthy biotech startup Silverback Therapeutics Amazon grabs new Bryan Cranston series based on works of ‘The Man in the High Castle’ author Amazon cloud leader Andy Jassy sizes up the competition in rare public remarks about rivals Amazon unveils Chime, looks to reinvent the conference call with new Skype and GoToMeeting competitor SAP President Steve Singh says cloud computing is yesterday’s news — ‘microservices’ are the future Google quietly donates $10M to University of Washington in another major computer science gift Vintage Kurt Cobain guitar being offered on eBay; Portland charity to receive a portion of the sale It’s hard to #resist! ‘Saturday Night Live’ debuts on Snapchat with story about couple’s Trump troubles The cost of convenience: Amazon’s shipping losses top $7B for first time Valentine’s Day Google Doodle game calls attention to cute — and endangered —  animal Silicon Valley tech workers lead migration to Seattle, which now ranks 2nd in U.S. for software engineer salaries Dating in Seattle: Here’s what smartphone app habits say about how Seattleites date Expedia CEO on earnings call: ‘Hopefully we will all be alive to see the end of next year.’ Bill Gates is still mixing it up at Microsoft in his spare time: ‘I love what’s going on there — it’s fun’ Amazon tops Harris Poll for corporate reputation, again, and Jeff Bezos emails ‘kudos and congrats’ Tech Moves: Zillow adds Slack VP to board as Trulia co-founder departs; Utrip names COO; etc. Interview: Why Bill Gates is still optimistic about the world, and what he wants from President Trump Amazon grabs new Bryan Cranston series based on works of ‘The Man in the High Castle’ author Could Amazon make Victoria’s Secret go bust? Tech giant reportedly launching line of $10 bras Get a sneak peek at Boeing’s 737 MAX 9 jet – and the pioneering technology behind it Coolest Cooler delivers new update as deliveries trickle out for still-waiting Kickstarter backers NASA looks into sending astronauts on a trip beyond the moon as early as 2019 Trending: Amazon tops Harris Poll for corporate reputation, again, and Jeff Bezos emails ‘kudos and congrats’ Cloud Tech Presented by Amazon cloud leader Andy Jassy sizes up the competition in rare public remarks about rivals by Todd Bishop on February 11, 2017 at 9:17 amFebruary 11, 2017 at 9:28 am Comments  2 Share  133 Tweet Share  883 Reddit Email Buy tickets to the GeekWire Bash here! Amazon likes to say that it focuses on customers, not competitors, which means it’s rare for the company’s top executives to talk about their rivals publicly. So a talk by Amazon Web Services CEO Andy Jassy this week at the University of Washington was notable in part for Jassy’s comments about the competitive landscape in the cloud. Cloud Report Card: Amazon Web Services is a $12B juggernaut, but Microsoft and Google are gaining University of Washington computer science professor Ed Lazowska, who led the discussion, got Jassy going on the topic by asking him for his theories about why Google and Microsoft have taken a different approach than Amazon in the cloud. Jassy went on to address topics including the prospects for Oracle and IBM in the cloud, the battle for cloud enterprise customers, and concerns among customers about vendor lock-in. Continue reading for excerpts from Jassy’s comments on AWS and the competition, and watch the video above for his full talk at the UW’s Computer Science & Engineering department. On the two different “categories” of cloud competitors “There’s one category of large technology providers, like some of the ones you mentioned, who decided to build an abstraction much further up the stack. I don’t know exactly why they pursued that. I think some of it might have been just a feeling like the basic building blocks were too basic, that what people really wanted was something much more abstracted. We were very focused in the early days on developers and on startups, and we still remain incredibly focused on them, but we had this perception that they would be the ones who would try the platform first, their alternatives were much worse than enterprises, they tend to start and adopt any new paradigm shift like this was, and that group of people is willing to dig into the details and stitch together the components maybe in a way that enterprises weren’t as likely to do. So we started there, and we figured that enterprises would choose to have a bunch of people who did that stitching, and then for others who would want abstractions further up, we’d build the abstractions later when we had that adoption. I think some of the other folks, either because their customer base focus was more enterprise, and/or maybe because they thought the building blocks were too primitive and not interesting enough, started in another spot.  There’s not going to be one successful player. I don’t think there’s going to be 30. …  But there are going to be multiple successful players, and who those are is still going to be written. “I think there’s a second category of large technology companies that just took an ungodly long time to get there. These are companies like Oracle and IBM, some of those folks. I think for them the model that we were pursuing, in the cloud, was so disruptive to their core businesses. The margin structures are radically different. The pricing structures are dramatically different. The delivery model is radically different. The way you take care of customers is radically different. So different that I think you have that dilemma at a lot of large companies: do you really want to try and accelerate the cannibalization of an existing … I think that they fought as long and hard as they could. They pooh-poohed it and they said, first no one will use it, then maybe only startups will use it, and they won’t use it for anything real, then enterprises will never use it, then enterprises will never use it for anything mission-critical. Companies and developers voted with their workloads, and so now they’re in this spot of trying to spin something up. It’s six, seven years late.” Amazon Web Services CEO Andy Jassy, right, speaks with UW computer science professor Ed Lazowska this week in Seattle. (UW via YouTube.) What has surprised AWS as the cloud has evolved “There’s so many things in our business that have been surprises to us. Probably the biggest of which is that it just took so long for the other large technology companies to offer something in this space, but I don’t think in our wildest dreams we ever thought we’d have a six- to seven-year head start, especially because we’re across the lake from another big technology company in that space, and we all know so many people at each other’s companies. And so, there have been so many surprises, but if you read the document, the stated mental model was that an individual in his or her dorm room or garage would have access to the same cost structure and scalability of infrastructure as the largest companies of the world. To give you an idea back then, we were talking about those largest companies being like, Peoplesoft. We wanted to be part of enabling a thousand flowers to bloom.” How the competition will shake out “If you look at the market segments that AWS is addressing, it’s infrastructure software, hardware, data center services, and then we’re building software further up the stack, that’s trillions of dollars globally. There’s not going to be one successful player. I don’t think there’s going to be 30, because scale really matters here, both with regard to cost structure as well as the breadth of services. But there are going to be multiple successful players, and who those are is still going to be written. But I would expect that several of the older-guard players will have businesses here, as they have large installed enterprise customer bases, and a large salesforce, and things of that sort. There’s a lot of work those companies have to do to find the type of functionality that you have in AWS today. We have a lot more functionality by a large amount than, whether it’s Microsoft or really any other provider. For reference, we also have a much larger set of security capabilities and compliance capabilities than you’ll find anywhere else.” On the competition for enterprise customers Amazon Web Services CEO Andy Jassy at UW this week. (UW via YouTube) “What’s happening is most enterprises are making decisions around, How many companies do I want to use in the cloud? Do I want to move to the cloud? How do I want to do it? How many companies do I want to use? Most are predominantly deciding that they’re going to use a single provider. Many will have a second provider they use for a relatively small percentage of their workloads, so that they know they can move, should they decide they want to move, but the benefits of being with a single provider — around not having to standardize on the lowest common denominator, not having to have your development teams have to be expert on multiple platforms, and then leveraging your buying power across one provider instead of splitting it across two or three — are just too great when you actually get into the practicality than to split it across a few. So most are predominantly picking an infrastructure provider, and a lot of what matters to them at the end of the day is the breadth of capability that’s there, because it not only allows them to build any new application or idea they have, but most of them are looking to migrate their existing applications over the next few years, and having the right tool for the right job allows you to be much more cost-effective and agile, which is what a lot of them are trying to do.” On the risks of getting “locked in” to one cloud provider “Customers will always be nervous about lock-in, and I think the experience they had particularly with a company like Oracle, where it’s a really hard thing to get out of, and they’re so hostile to their customers, that I think it’s a concern for every enterprise. Almost always when I talk to enterprises about lock-in, that’s the example that they cite. They worry that they’re going to use a platform and suddenly start raising prices — even though we’ve lowered prices on 59 different occasions with no competitive pressure to do so in the last eight years — they’re going to always be sensitive about that, and they should be thoughtful about it. But the reality is it’s so much easier to move from the infrastructure, cloud computing platforms than it is from something like Oracle. The APIs look pretty similar. All the migration services we build allow people to move to us, or away from us, and back on prem, if that’s what they want to do. And the business model is different, where we’re not signing these five- to 10-year unlimited licensing agreements and then finding ways to audit people and keep them in the loop. They can leave whenever they want, and we know we have to earn the business every hour, every day, every week of the year.” More from the UW CSE Colloquia series Sponsor Post Salesforce is ready for you. We pioneered the global shift to cloud, social, mobile, and data science technologies, and we’ve been disrupting enterprise software ever since. Are you ready to push your limits at the world’s fastest-growing enterprise software company? We’re looking for the industry’s best technical talent—we’re looking for you! Join us in our new Bellevue office. More Cloud Tech Amazon Web Services CEO Andy Jassy says this is the cloud giant’s top priority — by far DDoS denied: ExtraHop’s newest product detects security breaches and other network anomalies with machine learning Salesforce adds ‘Einstein’ artificial intelligence tools to its customer service platform Todd Bishop Todd Bishop is GeekWire's co-founder and editor, a longtime technology journalist who covers subjects including cloud tech, e-commerce, virtual reality, devices, apps and tech giants such as Amazon.com, Apple, Microsoft and Google. Follow him @toddbishop and email todd@geekwire.com. Tickets on sale now for the GeekWire Bash! Tickets are now on sale for our biggest event of the year: The GeekWire Anniversary Bash on March 15th. We’ll be bringing back the ping-pong paddles, dodgeball courts, foosball tables, beer pong, video games, arcades, sumo wrestling, cornhole, and MORE at Seattle’s biggest, geekiest tech party. Tournament registration ends March 1st. Get your tickets today! Comments 2 Share  133 Tweet Share  883 Reddit Email Previous StoryScientists put a laser scanner inside blood vessels to look for cardiovascular risks Next StoryMelinda Gates on the importance (and lack) of big data in global health Filed Under: Amazon • Cloud Tech  Tagged With: Amazon Web Services • Andy Jassy • Ed Lazowkska GeekWire Newsletters Subscribe to GeekWire's free newsletters to catch every headline Email address Subscribe GeekWire Daily - Top headlines daily GeekWire Weekly - Most-read stories of the week, delivered Sunday GeekWire Sports Tech - The intersection of sports & technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Space & Science - Weekly headlines from Alan Boyle, award-winning aerospace and science editor GeekWire Podcasts — Weekly update with our latest audio episodes GeekWire Cloud Tech Weekly — Cloud and developer technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Mid-week Update — Most-read stories so far this week, delivered Wednesday GeekWire Local Deals — Special offers for Pacific Northwest area readers Send Us a Tip Have a scoop that you'd like GeekWire to cover? Let us know. Send Us a Tip See MoreGeekWire Events Related Stories Amazon Web Services CEO Andy Jassy implores partners to commit to AWS to receive business Amazon Web Services CEO Andy Jassy: Virtually every major country will have an AWS region Amazon Web Services CEO Andy Jassy says this is the cloud giant’s top priority — by far Amazon cloud chief Andy Jassy dismisses diatribe by Oracle’s Larry Ellison Previous StoryScientists put a laser scanner inside blood vessels to look for cardiovascular risks Next StoryMelinda Gates on the importance (and lack) of big data in global health Like what you're reading? Subscribe to GeekWire's free newsletters to catch every headline Email address Subscribe GeekWire Daily - Top headlines daily GeekWire Weekly - Most-read stories of the week, delivered Sunday GeekWire Sports Tech - The intersection of sports & technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Space & Science - Weekly headlines from Alan Boyle, award-winning aerospace and science editor GeekWire Podcasts — Weekly update with our latest audio episodes GeekWire Cloud Tech Weekly — Cloud and developer technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Mid-week Update — Most-read stories so far this week, delivered Wednesday GeekWire Local Deals — Special offers for Pacific Northwest area readers Comments See MoreGeekWire Picks More product reviews and recommendations GeekWire Deals: Access over 1,000 expert-led online courses to learn new skills and advance your career (96% off) GeekWire Deals: Learn the art of data visualization with this Tableau training course Most Popular on GeekWire Amazon cloud leader Andy Jassy sizes up the competition in rare public remarks about rivals Amazon unveils Chime, looks to reinvent the conference call with new Skype and GoToMeeting competitor SAP President Steve Singh says cloud computing is yesterday’s news — ‘microservices’ are the future Google quietly donates $10M to University of Washington in another major computer science gift Job Listings on GeekWork Find more jobs on GeekWork. Employers, post a job here. Technical Support EngineerKinetiq Sr. Software Engineer – BackendWhitepages Site Reliability Engineer – Data SystemsOfferUp × Subscribe to GeekWire Newsletters Email address Subscribe GeekWire Daily - Top headlines daily GeekWire Weekly - Most-read stories of the week, delivered Sunday GeekWire Sports Tech - The intersection of sports & technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Space & Science - Weekly headlines from Alan Boyle, award-winning aerospace and science editor GeekWire Podcasts — Weekly update with our latest audio episodes GeekWire Cloud Tech Weekly — Cloud and developer technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Mid-week Update — Most-read stories so far this week, delivered Wednesday GeekWire Local Deals — Special offers for Pacific Northwest area readers A Word From Our Sponsors NEXUS Condominum provides a glimpse into the future of Downtown Seattle living Read More Happy Valentine’s Day Fellow GeekWire Geeks Read More Universities are the pipeline to fill growing cloud computing jobs. Read More START SOMETHING! Learn more at an info session February 15th or online February 24th UW Professional Master’s in Computer Science & Engineering Info Sessions Feb. 13 and 27 See complete schedule of upcoming info sessions. NEXUS Condominum provides a glimpse into the future of Downtown Seattle living Read More Happy Valentine’s Day Fellow GeekWire Geeks Read More Universities are the pipeline to fill growing cloud computing jobs. Read More START SOMETHING! Learn more at an info session February 15th or online February 24th UW Professional Master’s in Computer Science & Engineering Info Sessions Feb. 13 and 27 See complete schedule of upcoming info sessions. Galactic Sponsors Platinum Sponsors Gold Sponsors Silver Sponsors About About GeekWire Contact Us Ask About Advertising Send Us a Tip Apply for Startup Spotlight Apply for Geek of the Week Become a GeekWire Member Join Our Startup List Reprints and Permissions Follow GeekWire Newsletters Catch every headline in your inbox Email address Subscribe GeekWire Daily - Top headlines daily GeekWire Weekly - Most-read stories of the week, delivered Sunday GeekWire Sports Tech - The intersection of sports & technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Space & Science - Weekly headlines from Alan Boyle, award-winning aerospace and science editor GeekWire Podcasts — Weekly update with our latest audio episodes GeekWire Cloud Tech Weekly — Cloud and developer technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Mid-week Update — Most-read stories so far this week, delivered Wednesday GeekWire Local Deals — Special offers for Pacific Northwest area readers GeekWire Apps iOS Android Apple News Windows Phone Windows 8 Google Play Newsstand GeekWire Developer Blog Return to Top of Page Privacy Policy | Terms of Use © 2011-2017 GeekWire, LLC
Computerworld Google lets users get social with Maps News Technology News Business Cloud Computing Data Centre Gaming Dev Government Infrastructure Mobility Networking Open Source Security Servers Social Networking Software Software Development Storage Tech Planet Telecoms Tutorials Unified Comms Virtualisation Tools Blogs Editorial Contacts Events IT Media Releases Join Computerworld Newsletters NBN RSS Slideshows Vendor View Videos Zones Jobs Whitepapers All Whitepapers Business + Management Cloud Computing CRM Data Centre Data Management Disaster Recovery Network Security Storage Telecommunications Unified Communications Virtualisation Wireless Other Whitepapers Login Forgot password? Sign up now to get free exclusive access to reports, research and invitation only events. Twitter Facebook Google lets users get social with Maps Google enables users to share favorite spots, bucket lists on Maps app Sharon Gaudin (Computerworld (US)) 14 February, 2017 08:48 - - - - print email Comments Google is moving to make Maps more than just about getting to your destination. Maps is getting social. Zach Maier, a product manager with Google Maps, announced in a blog post Monday that users can create lists of their favorite places, places they want to visit and share those lists with friends within the app. "Starting today, you can create lists of places, share your lists with others, and follow the lists your friends and family share with you -- without ever leaving the Google Maps app," Maier said. To make Maps a social tool, users open the app on either the iPhone or Android platform and then tap on, say, a restaurant, museum or club. Tap on the Save icon and it will add the spot to one of several pre-set lists, such as Want to Go or Favorites, according to Maier. Users also can create their own lists. To find their lists, people can go to Your Places on the side menu of Maps and open the Saved tab. Maps' new feature also is designed to show your saved places on the map itself. "Because sharing is caring, we made it easy to share lists like "Best Views in SF" via text, email, social networks and popular messaging apps," noted Maier. "Whenever friends and family come to town, tap the share button to get a link and start flexing your local knowledge muscles. Once you send a link to your out-of-towners, they can tap "Follow" to pull up the list from Your Places whenever they need it." According to Google, the lists can be seen and shared on mobile devices and desktop computers. Users also can download the maps to use when they're offline. The new feature is another step in social media for Google, which has struggled to bust into the social media world. Google+, the company's rival social network competing with Facebook and Twitter, wasn't the hit the company had hoped for. Google seems to be taking a different tack now, taking one of its most popular apps and making it social. "This is a dramatically different way of them approaching social," said Patrick Moorhead, an analyst with Moor Insights & Strategy. "Instead of starting big and horizontal like Google+, they're starting small. It's a very different tack, but worth a try. Google's horizontal approach hasn't worked so far." Going social with Maps, which so many people use, may be an easier way to get people sharing destinations with friends. And that would mean more eyes and more time on a Google product. "Google has an excellent Maps product," added Moorhead. "People want to know if their friends like or have been at a certain place and trust their friends more than anyone else. Therefore, I think this has a chance." 7 Habits of the Effective Network Manager More from NetScout Join the Computerworld newsletter! Join Error: Please check your email address. Tags GoogleMaps More about FacebookGoogleTwitter Editor's Recommendations Telstra registers profit drop in first half Digital and data drive earnings at Origin Energy Regulated roaming ‘unambiguously bad’ for regional Australia, Telstra CEO says South Australia aims to cut costs with CSC deal Qantas offers NBN-based in-flight streaming Australia lagging on autonomous vehicle initiatives: Telstra Read more Netscout Partner Zone Web Events Tomorrow's success comes from today's data Leading the Tech Agenda in STEM Education Data Loss Prevention - Sponsored by Symantec Related Whitepapers 7 Habits of the Effective Network Manager Data Storage Experts Tap Global Markets With EMC CloudBoost SECURITY, DURABILITY AND USABILITY TARGET HP’S FLAGSHIP CONVERTIBLE AT BUSINESS USERS 7 Ways Link-Solutions Empowers Network Pros to Work Faster and Smarter Show Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Read next Internet of Things: Who should be watching over it? Intel ships latest Itanium chip called Kittson, but grim future looms Blockchain-based data verification promises better defence against ransomware surge CSO Online In pictures: Leading the Tech Agenda in STEM Education: Preparing Youth for ... In pictures: Leading the Tech Agenda in STEM Education: Preparing Youth for ... ASD to brief political parties on hacking threat Market Place Participate in this market research and go into the draw to win a Lego Death Star, (valued at $999). 6 cities | 20 exhibitors | International & local keynotes | Hear from Mark Loveless 'Simple Nomad' & Jeff Lanza Former FBI - Save your seat at CSO Perspectives Roadshow WIN a HTC Vive Kit valued at $1399, take this 3 minute survey for your chance to WIN! Answer 5 quick questions and you could win a Lego Mindstorm EV3, (valued at $499). Editorial Contacts Advertising Information Privacy Policy RSS Newsletters Events Whitepapers News Zones IT Media Releases Slideshows Videos Copyright 2017 IDG Communications. ABN 14 001 592 650. All rights reserved. Reproduction in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of IDG Communications is prohibited. IDG Sites: PC World | GoodGearGuide | CIO | CMO | CSO | Techworld | ARN | CIO Executive Council
Computerworld Why Twitter's new anti-harassment tools will fail News Technology News Business Cloud Computing Data Centre Gaming Dev Government Infrastructure Mobility Networking Open Source Security Servers Social Networking Software Software Development Storage Tech Planet Telecoms Tutorials Unified Comms Virtualisation Tools Blogs Editorial Contacts Events IT Media Releases Join Computerworld Newsletters NBN RSS Slideshows Vendor View Videos Zones Jobs Whitepapers All Whitepapers Business + Management Cloud Computing CRM Data Centre Data Management Disaster Recovery Network Security Storage Telecommunications Unified Communications Virtualisation Wireless Other Whitepapers Login Forgot password? Sign up now to get free exclusive access to reports, research and invitation only events. Twitter Facebook Why Twitter's new anti-harassment tools will fail Twitter's new policies won't solve the harassment problem, and they'll ruin engagement, too twitter-292988_1280-100690460-orig.jpg Mike Elgan (Computerworld (US)) 11 February, 2017 23:01 - - - - print email Comments Twitter is trying to curb harassment. Again. Twitter VP of Engineering Ed Ho this week announced three changes that Twitter believes will end its reputation as a haven for trolls, haters, spammers, misogynists, racists and idiots. Two years ago, Twitter's then-CEO Dick Costolo was quoted in a leaked memo saying that "We suck at dealing with abuse and trolls on the platform and we've sucked at it for years." [ To comment on this story, visit Computerworld's Facebook page. ] Twitter's reputation may be hurting its bottom line. The company this week reported its slowest quarter for revenue growth since the company went public. Twitter consistently loses about $100 million per quarter. Advertising is weak. Revenue is down. User growth is flat. Advertisers don't want to be associated with Twitter because it's a bad neighborhood. Harassment is a perennial problem on the network. Companies apparently don't want their brands sandwiched between nuggets of hate speech. (Twitter executives declined to be interviewed for this story.) Sadly, Twitter's changes won't stop harassment. They'll make the problem worse. And they'll make the quality of everyday conversations on Twitter worse, too. I'll tell you why. But first, let's look at Twitter's three new changes. First, Twitter claims it's "taking steps to identify people who have been permanently suspended and stop them from creating new accounts." Twitter won't say what these methods are. Second, Twitter intends to remove tweets by default from search results if they contain "potentially sensitive content" or if they were posted on accounts that have been blocked or muted. However, users have the option to disable this "smart search" and see unfiltered results. Third, Twitter will automatically "collapse" or hide objectionable replies, which include those deemed "abusive" or "low quality." These will be viewable by clicking on a link that says "Show less relevant replies." All this sounds pretty good, until you take a closer look. Why Twitter's changes won't work Twitter is relying in part on software-controlled moderation. This approach is inferior to user moderation. The most effective user moderation is the ability to delete the replies of other users. If you post something on a social network, you should be able to delete any reply to that post from any user for any reason. You can delete replies on Facebook, Google+, YouTube, Instagram, Pinterest, Tumblr and every other social network I can think of. Not Twitter. If someone replies to your tweet with something hateful, hurtful or threatening, you can't delete the reply. Trolls love this about Twitter. This is why Twitter has a harassment problem. User moderation works because people are good at knowing when replies are made in bad faith. Their ability to delete replies frustrates trolls, who learn that harassment is futile. Sure, trolls can post hateful comments elsewhere. But without the power to disrupt conversations against the wishes of the person who started the conversation, harassment is futile. Instead of giving users the power to delete replies, Twitter relies on two alternatives: a user reporting system and automated software-based moderation (with help from Twitter staff). The trouble is software can't identify bad replies as well as people can. I learned this fact on Google+. Google may have the industry's best algorithms and artificial intelligence. But even Google's software fails for content moderation. Google has been algorithmically flagging "low quality" replies on Google+ for years. It hides flagged replies by default, and users can reveal them with an obscure "See all comments" menu item, which most users don't know about. I would guess that around 10 percent of high quality replies are flagged as "low quality." And probably an equal number of "low quality" replies are judged as "high quality" and allowed to appear among the other replies. Filtering software just doesn't work that well. For example, I recently posted on Google+ what I call a "Mystery Pic." I post a picture of some technology thing and invite followers to guess what's in the picture. One person guessed: "A pod or a wheel from office chair" -- exactly the kind of reply I was looking for. Google's software flagged that comment as spam and buried it so nobody could see it. Just below that, someone posted a hyphen and nothing else, an incredibly "low quality" reply. Google's software identified that hyphen as a high-quality reply and allowed it to remain. Software simply isn't advanced enough to judge language. Google's automated identification and hiding of "low quality" comments fail, and the result is that Google+ simply isn't as good as it could be. Bad comments appear. Good comments are buried. The same outcome is likely on Twitter. The difference is that on Google+, I can make the effort to correct bad decisions by the software. On Twitter, I can't. When Twitter's systems fail to identify a bad reply, the bad reply will remain. When Twitter's systems bury a good reply, I can see the good reply by clicking on a link. But it will remain buried for other users, thereby degrading the quality of conversation on Twitter. Trolls will figure out how to game the system to avoid being buried. Any kind of system designed to keep motivated people out -- whether they're anti-hacker, anti-spam or, in Twitter's case, anti-harasser -- is essentially an arms race. As Twitter tries to develop better anti-harassment systems, the harassers will learn how to get around them. Compounding Twitter's unwillingness to allow industry-standard user moderation, Twitter resists pseudonymity -- where Twitter knows who you are but the public does not. Twitter users are fully anonymous. That means any so-called "user" might be a bot, a troll paid by the Russian government or a person with 100 accounts. There's usually no way to know. (Researchers last month discovered a network of 350,000 fake user accounts controlled by automated bots that had existed undetected for years.) The anonymity of Twitter users makes me doubt that the company can succeed in their attempt to "identify people who have been permanently suspended and stop them from creating new accounts." How can you "identify people" without, you know, identifying people? And how will Twitter avoid blocking new and legitimate accounts by accident? It gets worse: One of Twitter's new anti-harassment systems itself can be used for harassment. Twitter promises to remove tweets from search results posted by accounts that have been blocked or muted. This is the best thing that ever happened to haters. Now abusers can simply block or mute their victim in an organized effort, or by a single user with dozens of accounts, and thereby remove their victim from search results. Victims may be unaware that abusers have blocked them from search results. Many victims of harassment will be automatically silenced in Twitter search the second this change goes into effect (it's being rolled out over the coming weeks). For example, let's say a woman has been speaking out on Twitter about sexism in video games. And let's say she has attracted haters and has been arguing about it on Twitter for the past two years. No doubt she has been blocked by dozens or hundreds of Twitter users. Now, when the new rules go into effect, her tweets in the past, present and future will be removed from search results. If the haters haven't silenced her yet, Twitter will finish the job. Only three methods can effectively curb out-of-control harassment on social sites: user moderation of comments, user ranking of comments and the disallowance of anonymity. Twitter rejects all three methods, and so chronically suffers from a reputation for harassment. Imagine if Twitter accepted all three. It could be the greatest site on the Internet. Instead, Twitter has now implemented software-controlled moderation and other systems that will reduce the quality of Twitter conversations and silence constructive users. They will be gamed by active trolls and generally result in a lower quality social site. Twitter is in trouble. The company isn't growing, profiting or succeeding. Twitter should be the world's town square, a level playing field that unites everyone in conversation and sharing. Never before has there been a social site so relevant, and at the same time so unsuccessful. Twitter is ruined by its reputation as a hotbed of harassment, trolling and vitriol. And it's so unnecessary. Twitter's refusal to implement user moderation, which would solve the problem overnight at close to zero cost to the company, is business malpractice in the extreme and an abdication of the trust that millions of users have placed in the company. Twitter wants to be great. But the company's leaders simply won't allow that to happen. 7 Habits of the Effective Network Manager More from NetScout Join the Computerworld newsletter! Join Error: Please check your email address. More about FacebookGoogleTwitter Editor's Recommendations Telstra registers profit drop in first half Digital and data drive earnings at Origin Energy Regulated roaming ‘unambiguously bad’ for regional Australia, Telstra CEO says South Australia aims to cut costs with CSC deal Qantas offers NBN-based in-flight streaming Australia lagging on autonomous vehicle initiatives: Telstra Read more Netscout Partner Zone Web Events Tomorrow's success comes from today's data Leading the Tech Agenda in STEM Education Data Loss Prevention - Sponsored by Symantec Related Whitepapers 7 Habits of the Effective Network Manager Data Storage Experts Tap Global Markets With EMC CloudBoost SECURITY, DURABILITY AND USABILITY TARGET HP’S FLAGSHIP CONVERTIBLE AT BUSINESS USERS 7 Ways Link-Solutions Empowers Network Pros to Work Faster and Smarter Show Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Read next Microsoft adds Outlook.com to service-subscription list with $50/year Premium option Amazon releases Chime, a new cloud-based UCaaS ​Will ransomware attackers target critical infrastructure next? CSO Online In pictures: Leading the Tech Agenda in STEM Education: Preparing Youth for ... In pictures: Leading the Tech Agenda in STEM Education: Preparing Youth for ... Booted up in 1993, this server still runs -- but not for much longer Market Place WIN a HTC Vive Kit valued at $1399, take this 3 minute survey for your chance to WIN! Participate in this market research and go into the draw to win a Lego Death Star, (valued at $999). Answer 5 quick questions and you could win a Lego Mindstorm EV3, (valued at $499). 6 cities | 20 exhibitors | International & local keynotes | Hear from Mark Loveless 'Simple Nomad' & Jeff Lanza Former FBI - Save your seat at CSO Perspectives Roadshow Editorial Contacts Advertising Information Privacy Policy RSS Newsletters Events Whitepapers News Zones IT Media Releases Slideshows Videos Copyright 2017 IDG Communications. ABN 14 001 592 650. All rights reserved. Reproduction in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of IDG Communications is prohibited. IDG Sites: PC World | GoodGearGuide | CIO | CMO | CSO | Techworld | ARN | CIO Executive Council
printed February 16, 2017 See this page online at: http://www.phonescoop.com/articles/article.php?a=18739 ≡ Reviews Phones Phone Finder News Carriers OSes Glossary Forums Register Log In Advertising Licensing About Contact Privacy Terms of Use Home  ›  News  › Google Bringing Original Content to YouTube Kids App Article Comments   Monday, 12:17 PM   by Eric M. Zeman   @phonescooper Google today said it has a handful of new programs for its YouTube Kids service on deck. Specifically, subscribers to YouTube Red (Google's ad-free version of YouTube) will be able to watch four kid-focused series called Hyperlinked, DanTDM Creates a Big Scene, The King of Atlantis, and Fruit Ninja: Frenzy Force. Google said it worked with Susanne Daniels to develop the shows, which are currently in production. Google expects these four shows to reach YouTube this spring with more originals to debut later this year. In addition to the new programming, Google plans to release a version of YouTube Kids for certain LG and Samsung Smart TVs. The Smart TV app will let children access their favorite YouTube Kids content — all with the same parental controls available to the mobile app — from their television set. more info at Google » Related Verizon Rolls Out Trade-In Offer to Match New Unlimited Plan T-Mobile Brings Back Free Pizza and Tablet Promos Google Pixel Gains Access to Home Control Functions more Samsung news   Samsung phones LG news   LG phones LG Watch Style Is Less Bulky, More Fashionable Google Launches Android Wear 2.0 LG Watch Sport Targets Fitness Buffs, Supports Android Pay more Google news AD Comments Start a new discussion You must log in to post. No messages yet     Page  1  of 1 Tweet this Follow @phonescoop on Twitter Email this Subscribe to news & reviews with RSS     Subscribe to Phone Scoop News with RSS Follow @phonescoop on Twitter Phone Scoop on Facebook Subscribe to Phone Scoop on YouTube Follow on Instagram   About Contact Terms of Use All content Copyright 2001-2017 Phone Factor, LLC. All Rights Reserved. Content on this site may not be copied or republished without formal permission. 2 OK This is a preview. Click for full glossary page. Log In  or  Register Forgot password By registering, you agree to our Terms of Use. We value your privacy and will never share your email address. (full privacy policy)
printed February 16, 2017 See this page online at: http://www.phonescoop.com/articles/article.php?a=18738 ≡ Reviews Phones Phone Finder News Carriers OSes Glossary Forums Register Log In Advertising Licensing About Contact Privacy Terms of Use Home  ›  News  › Google Adds Shareable Lists to Maps Article Comments   Monday, 8:51 AM   by Eric M. Zeman   @phonescooper Google today made it easier to keep track of and share favorite spots thanks to a new list tool in Google Maps. Maps users can take advantage of pre-set list categories, such as Want to Go or Favorites, as well as create their own. Lists are accessible via Maps' side menu under Your Places and icons for saved spots will appear on maps themselves so users can always see when they are nearby. Of course, all lists can be shared via text, email, social networks, and popular messaging apps. Google says lists are available on mobile (Android, iOS) and desktop machines, and can even be saved for offline access. Lists will be made available to most users over the days ahead. more info at Google » Related Google news Android news iOS news AD Comments Start a new discussion You must log in to post. No messages yet     Page  1  of 1 Tweet this Follow @phonescoop on Twitter Email this Subscribe to news & reviews with RSS     Subscribe to Phone Scoop News with RSS Follow @phonescoop on Twitter Phone Scoop on Facebook Subscribe to Phone Scoop on YouTube Follow on Instagram   About Contact Terms of Use All content Copyright 2001-2017 Phone Factor, LLC. All Rights Reserved. Content on this site may not be copied or republished without formal permission. 2 OK This is a preview. Click for full glossary page. Log In  or  Register Forgot password By registering, you agree to our Terms of Use. We value your privacy and will never share your email address. (full privacy policy)
Computerworld Forget the network perimeter, say security vendors News Technology News Business Cloud Computing Data Centre Gaming Dev Government Infrastructure Mobility Networking Open Source Security Servers Social Networking Software Software Development Storage Tech Planet Telecoms Tutorials Unified Comms Virtualisation Tools Blogs Editorial Contacts Events IT Media Releases Join Computerworld Newsletters NBN RSS Slideshows Vendor View Videos Zones Jobs Whitepapers All Whitepapers Business + Management Cloud Computing CRM Data Centre Data Management Disaster Recovery Network Security Storage Telecommunications Unified Communications Virtualisation Wireless Other Whitepapers Login Forgot password? Sign up now to get free exclusive access to reports, research and invitation only events. Twitter Facebook Forget the network perimeter, say security vendors Google’s 'BeyondCorp' network security model is starting to influence security offerings Lucian Constantin (IDG News Service) 15 February, 2017 01:27 - - - - print email Comments What if all your company’s computers and applications were connected directly to the Internet? That was the assumption behind BeyondCorp, a new model for network security that Google proposed back in 2014, and it’s one that’s starting to get some attention from networking and security vendors. Enterprises have moved beyond the traditional workspace in recent years, allowing employees to work remotely by using their personal devices and accessing apps in private or public clouds. To bring roaming workers back into the fold, under the security blanket of their local networks, companies rely on VPNs and endpoint software to enforce network access controls. Google's BeyondCorp approach to enterprise security takes the focus away from the network perimeter and puts it on devices and users. It doesn't assign higher or lower levels of trust to devices based on whether they're inside the internal network or not. Some security vendors have already started to embrace this no-trust-by-default security model. Duo Security, a two-factor authentication provider launched its own BeyondCorp-inspired offering last week, and enterprise software startup ScaleFT has had dynamic access management service based on the same principles for a while. Even networking and security appliance manufacturers like Cisco Systems have begun moving what were traditionally perimeter security gateways into the cloud to better serve roaming employees. Duo Security's new Duo Beyond service consists of a software package that serves as an authentication gateway for all of a company's web-based applications, whether they're hosted inside the local network or in the cloud. It can be deployed in the company network's demilitarized zone (DMZ) and provides a single sign-on service that enforces device and user-based access policies. Duo Beyond assumes a zero-trust environment for all devices by default, regardless of whether they're connecting from within the enterprise network or from the outside. That said, it does provide administrators with the ability to differentiate between corporate devices and personal devices by deploying Duo certificates to those that are managed by the company. This device identification process has several benefits. It allows for the easy discovery of new devices that are used to access corporate applications, which helps companies create and maintain accurate inventories that include employees' personal devices. It also allows restricting access to certain applications or accounts to company-managed devices where a certain degree of security can be guaranteed. The service can also check the security state of a connecting device by looking at whether it's running the latest OS and browser version, whether the browser plug-ins are up to date and, in the case of mobile devices, whether encryption and passcode enforcement are turned on. This allows administrators to create fine-grained access rules based on device "health" and ensure that only reasonably secure devices can access company applications, even if those devices are owned and managed by the employees themselves. Duo Security doesn't expect customers to completely give up on VPNs if they deploy Duo Beyond, but based on the company's experience so far, customers can cut down VPN licensing costs by up to 80 percent. That's because most roaming employees only use VPN connections to access a few popular intranet web applications like Confluence, Jira or Sharepoint. The Duo Beyond service is priced at $9 per user per month and includes everything in the company's older Duo Access service, plus the new certificate-based device identification and the mechanism for controlling which internal apps are accessible by remote users. Moving towards a BeyondCorp security model, where the location of devices does not matter, can help companies avoid having to raise virtual walls inside their networks. Network segmentation, which relies on setting up firewalls and VLANs to restrict access to certain applications and services, is not easy to implement and can quickly become an administrative burden. In fact, as evidenced by many publicly documented security breaches, attackers often succeed in moving laterally inside a network once they break in. Most hackers start with targeting low-level employees through phishing or other methods and then, once inside a network, jump from system to system, exploiting vulnerabilities and stealing access credentials along the way until they reach the organization's crown jewels. Google's own network was breached in late 2009 as part of a cyberespionage campaign of Chinese origin known as Operation Aurora. The hackers, who started by targeting the company's employees, sought access to the Gmail accounts of human rights activists. Other security vendors are embracing BeyondCorp too, and, while there are differences in the implementation, the general goal is the same: moving security beyond a strictly defined network perimeter. Duo Beyond works only for web-based applications and its device insight technology is agentless. The information about a laptop's OS, browser and plug-ins is obtained through the browser itself. This approach limits what kind of information can be gathered, but Duo believes that it strikes the right balance between security and usability, since convincing users to install company-mandated software on their personal devices can be problematic. By comparison, another company called ScaleFT provides a BeyondCorp-inspired solution called Dynamic Access Management that works for SSH (Secure Shell) and RDP (Remote Desktop Protocol), remote access protocols for Linux and Windows servers. ScaleFT's service does requires the installation of client software that synchronizes short-lived access certificates and handles device enrolment and local account creation. Pushed by the need to address the issue of roaming employees, BYOD and software-as-a-service, some networking vendors have even started to move security appliances outside the network perimeter and into the cloud. On Monday, Cisco Systems announced what it calls the first Secure Internet Gateway (SIG), which is based on the cloud-based OpenDNS Umbrella service that the company acquired in 2015. "A SIG provides safe access to the internet anywhere users go, even when they are off the VPN," Cisco said in a blog post. "Before you connect to any destination, a SIG acts as your secure onramp to the internet and provides the first line of defense and inspection. Regardless of where users are located or what they’re trying to connect to, traffic goes through the SIG first." If this new way of thinking of enterprise security catches on it might even help speed up the adoption of IPv6, which is held back partly by fears that it could punch holes through network perimeters and because many companies still have old firewalls and equipment that don't have proper support for it. 7 Habits of the Effective Network Manager More from NetScout Join the Computerworld newsletter! Join Error: Please check your email address. More about CiscoGatewayGoogleLinuxSSH Editor's Recommendations Telstra registers profit drop in first half Digital and data drive earnings at Origin Energy Regulated roaming ‘unambiguously bad’ for regional Australia, Telstra CEO says South Australia aims to cut costs with CSC deal Qantas offers NBN-based in-flight streaming Australia lagging on autonomous vehicle initiatives: Telstra Read more Netscout Partner Zone Web Events Tomorrow's success comes from today's data Leading the Tech Agenda in STEM Education Data Loss Prevention - Sponsored by Symantec Related Whitepapers 7 Habits of the Effective Network Manager 5 Common WiFi Problems With Simple Solutions 7 Ways Link-Solutions Empowers Network Pros to Work Faster and Smarter Dell EMC Global data protection index II Show Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Read next Internet of Things: Who should be watching over it? Intel ships latest Itanium chip called Kittson, but grim future looms Blockchain-based data verification promises better defence against ransomware surge CSO Online In pictures: Leading the Tech Agenda in STEM Education: Preparing Youth for ... In pictures: Leading the Tech Agenda in STEM Education: Preparing Youth for ... ASD to brief political parties on hacking threat Market Place WIN a HTC Vive Kit valued at $1399, take this 3 minute survey for your chance to WIN! Answer 5 quick questions and you could win a Lego Mindstorm EV3, (valued at $499). 6 cities | 20 exhibitors | International & local keynotes | Hear from Mark Loveless 'Simple Nomad' & Jeff Lanza Former FBI - Save your seat at CSO Perspectives Roadshow Participate in this market research and go into the draw to win a Lego Death Star, (valued at $999). Editorial Contacts Advertising Information Privacy Policy RSS Newsletters Events Whitepapers News Zones IT Media Releases Slideshows Videos Copyright 2017 IDG Communications. ABN 14 001 592 650. All rights reserved. Reproduction in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of IDG Communications is prohibited. IDG Sites: PC World | GoodGearGuide | CIO | CMO | CSO | Techworld | ARN | CIO Executive Council
/ Mobile Zone Over a million developers have joined DZone. Sign In / Join {{node.title}} {{node.type}} · {{ node.urlSource.name }} · by {{node.authors[0].realName }} DOWNLOAD {{node.downloads}} {{totalResults}} search results Refcardz Guides Zones | Agile Big Data Cloud Database DevOps Integration IoT Java Mobile Performance Security Web Dev Let's be friends: Should a Progressive Web App Use a Framework? When writing Progressive Web Applications, does it make sense to add a JavaScript framework or library? JS frameworks have their pros and cons. by Jonathan Danylko · Feb. 14, 17 · Mobile Zone Like (0) Comment (0) Save Tweet {{ articles[0].views | formatCount}} Views Edit Delete {{ articles[0].isLocked ? 'Enable' : 'Disable' }} comments {{ articles[0].isLimited ? 'Remove comment limits' : 'Enable moderated comments' }} Join the DZone community and get the full member experience. Join For Free As I mentioned in a previous post, Progressive Web Applications (PWA) are a new way to build responsive mobile websites allowing users to use their browser instead of native apps. When you go this route, you get limited functionality as opposed to the full native experience. However, browsers are adding more native features through JavaScript APIs. They're slowly catching up. Slowly. Until then, we continue to work with the current list of features in JavaScript to enhance the user's experience. But couldn't we just use a library or framework to structure our PWA instead of writing plain JavaScript? Javascript Libraries and Frameworks Do we need a JavaScript framework or library to build a Progressive Web Application? Taken from Google's Progressive Web App page, here are some of the characteristics of a Progressive Web App: Progressive. Works for every user regardless of their browser. Responsive. The app works on any form factor whether it's desktop, mobile, or tablet. Connectivity-independent. Allows the user to use the web app even if it's offline. Native look and feel. Acts and feels like a native application, but is strictly web-based. Fresh. Always up-to-date with a service worker update process. Safe. Always served up to the client through HTTPS. Discoverable. Even though it's an "application," it can be indexed into a search engine. Re-engageable. Allows re-engagement through features like push notifications. Zero-deploy hassle. Allows users to add the web app to their home screen without having issues with app stores. Link-friendly. Allows you to reshare using a URL. After looking over this list two or three times, I didn't see speed anywhere on this list to be considered a factor. I guess it could be covered under the responsive characteristic, but from every Progressive Web App I've seen, a framework or library wasn't used when building a PWA. Does this seem unusual? No Angular, Backbone, Meteor, or React. Heck, not even jQuery. Why not? I've got a theory. One word: Size. Most JavaScript libraries are too large to load and it keeps the user waiting while everything initializes. If you look at the Weather PWA from Google (which is also a project I converted into a Project Template), you'll notice there isn't any framework attached to it. It's just JavaScript. Minimal. Hand-written. JavaScript. One Shell to Rule Them All Another challenge with a PWA is writing the smallest amount of JavaScript possible. Again, if you notice the weather PWA, it only has one screen. Most full-featured native applications have at least two or more screens to be considered helpful and worthy of a download and a place on your smartphone's "desktop." One of the recommendations from Google is to use a shell-based approach where the shell controls what components are loaded when, where, and how. This is where service workers come into play. Your JavaScript triggers certain events to load data and proceed to hide and show certain areas of the application. The service workers provide more control and flexibility when managing your API calls from JavaScript. The hard part is moving from screen to screen. One question always asked is how do you maintain state in your PWA? This is why the shell-based approach is best when writing a PWA and managing state from screen to screen. Why and Why Not? Based on these arguments, here are some valid points as to why you should and should not use a library or framework. Advantages of Using a Framework Existing shell. Some frameworks already provide you with an application shell giving you a more structured application right out of the box. Modular. A majority of frameworks provide modular loading when needed. Small JavaScript routines. While frameworks provide more structured development, small, compact JavaScript routines win in the end making it faster to load the application and cutting down on the user's wait time. State. The shell mentality gives users a way to maintain state across the pages. Disadvantages of Using a Framework Load time. When adding a JavaScript library, this increases the amount of time it takes before the screen appears for the user. Since Google considers the load time as one of its critical factors for ranking websites, I'm having a hard time justifying using a framework or library to build a PWA, but it would make things tremendously easier. As I scrolled through the Getting Started with Progressive Web Apps on Google's site, I did notice a number of developers already created Progressive Web Applications with and without frameworks. Does this mean I'll use a framework? Maybe. Of course, I'll run some tests to confirm if my app is small and fast enough to load for users. If I do use a framework, I will probably use Aurelia with Visual Studio and see if I can perform bundling and shrinking using the Task Runner. Conclusion Today, I gave some valid points whether developers should use a framework or library to build Progressive Web Applications. This post was primarily meant to be more of a discussion than general statements since I only see one disadvantage to using a JavaScript framework with a PWA, but boy, I wouldn't want to take that chance of ignoring that one disadvantage. It could mean the difference between position 2 and position 23 on Google's search results. (Hint: You want to be on page 1 instead of page 3.) If you do decide to use a framework or library, post a comment below to let the community know that you're building a PWA using a framework. We all want to hear about it. On my end, I will keep everybody up-to-date as to what I experience with writing a PWA with Aurelia. Like This Article? Read More From DZone Alternatives to Native Mobile App Development 9 Top JavaScript Frameworks For Mobile App Development Introduction to Progressive Web Apps (Offline First) Free Resource Swift Essentials Topics: app development ,mobile ,javascript ,progressive web app ,framework DOWNLOAD Like (0) Comment (0) Save Tweet {{ articles[0].views | formatCount}} Views Edit Delete {{ articles[0].isLocked ? 'Enable' : 'Disable' }} comments {{ articles[0].isLimited ? 'Remove comment limits' : 'Enable moderated comments' }} Published at DZone with permission of Jonathan Danylko, DZone MVB. See the original article here. Opinions expressed by DZone contributors are their own. The best of DZone straight to your inbox. SEE AN EXAMPLE SUBSCRIBE Please provide a valid email address. Thanks for subscribing! Awesome! Check your inbox to verify your email so you can start receiving the latest in tech news and resources. Subscribe {{ editionName }} {{ node.blurb }} {{ ::node.title }} {{ parent.title || parent.header.title}} {{ parent.tldr }} {{ parent.linkDescription }} {{ parent.urlSource.name }} by {{ parent.authors[0].realName || parent.author}} · {{ parent.articleDate | date:'MMM. dd, yyyy' }} {{ parent.linkDate | date:'MMM. dd, yyyy' }} · {{ parent.portal.name }} Zone Tweet {{ parent.views }} ViewsClicks Edit Delete {{ parent.isLocked ? 'Enable' : 'Disable' }} comments {{ parent.isLimited ? 'Remove comment limits' : 'Enable moderated comments' }}
/ Big Data Zone Over a million developers have joined DZone. Sign In / Join {{node.title}} {{node.type}} · {{ node.urlSource.name }} · by {{node.authors[0].realName }} DOWNLOAD {{node.downloads}} {{totalResults}} search results Refcardz Guides Zones | Agile Big Data Cloud Database DevOps Integration IoT Java Mobile Performance Security Web Dev Let's be friends: Gobbling Up Big(ish) Data for Lunch Using BigQuery Google BigQuery is a good fit when you're only able to analyze a small part of the data using a local MySQL instance. The best part? It has incredible speed. by Graham Polley · Feb. 14, 17 · Big Data Zone Like (0) Comment (0) Save Tweet {{ articles[0].views | formatCount}} Views Edit Delete {{ articles[0].isLocked ? 'Enable' : 'Disable' }} comments {{ articles[0].isLimited ? 'Remove comment limits' : 'Enable moderated comments' }} Join the DZone community and get the full member experience. Join For Free Learn how you can maximize big data in the cloud with Apache Hadoop. Download this eBook now. Brought to you in partnership with Hortonworks. Beers + WSPR = Fun To this day, I’m a firm believer in the benefits of simple, informative, and spontaneous conversations with my colleagues — at least with the ones who can stand me long enough to chat with me. Chewing the fat with other like-minded folks over a beer or two is a bloody good thing. It’s how ideas are born, knowledge is shared, and relationships are formed. It’s an important aspect of any business that is sadly all too often overlooked. No, that’s not us at the gathering. At a recent gathering of Shiners (yes, there were beers involved), I got chatting with fellow Shiner Aaron Brown. We were nonchalantly discussing the client projects that we were currently working on (and bad-mouthing our manager Luke like we always do), when the topic turned to our side projects. Aaron began to tell me about his keen interest in the Weak Signal Propagation Reporter (WSPR) network and how he was looking for a good and fast way to analyze all the public data that they had available for download on the website.  He had some cool ideas for analyzing the data, but so far had only been able to analyze a small part of the data using a local MySQL instance. I was quick to tell him that we’d been really impressed by Google BigQuery on our projects at Telstra, and how I thought it might be just the ticket. It would easily be able to handle the amount of data he was looking at — and with $300 free credits on Google Cloud Platform, Aaron would easily be able to analyze the WSPR data to his heart’s content (Google charge $5 per TB queried in BigQuery). We agreed that when we both had some spare time, we’d give it a shot and try to load it into BigQuery so he could begin analyzing it. The data Aaron wanted to look at was about eight years' worth — 500M rows and roughly 60GB. That's not a huge amount by any stretch of the imagination, but it's enough to warrant a BigQuery solution, in my opinion. It sounded like a good plan, and more importantly, it sounded like great fun. One hangover — eh, I mean day — later, I was fumbling around on my machine trying to cause some trouble during my lunch break, when I thought about doing the WSPR load for Aaron. It should take only an hour, I thought. I was wrong. It took less than 45 minutes. Entrée: Spin Up a Google Compute Engine Instance Duration: About 30 seconds. Actually, I didn’t even need to spin up a GCE instance (VM). The Google Cloud console has a really cool feature called Cloud Shell. It gives you command-line access to your own personal GCE under the hood, directly in the browser. It even comes with the gcloud tools and components out-of-the-box. Awesome. Mains: Eight Lines of Bash Duration: ~30 minutes. The WSPR download page clearly lists all the files available for download. The data goes back to 2008-03 historically. So, a simple bash script with a loop, and wget was all I needed to fetch the files. Once the files were downloaded, then a simple call to gsutil to upload them to a bucket (wsprnet) in Google Cloud Storage — and that was that. #!/usr/bin/env bash 
START=2008-03 
while [ "$START" != 2017-02 ]; do
 echo $START 
 wget -P /etc/wsprnet/ http://wsprnet.org/archive/wsprspots-${START}.csv.gz 
 START=$(date -j -v +1m -f "%Y-%m" ${START} +%Y-%m) 
done
gsutil -m cp /etc/wsprnet/* gs://wsprnet/ Dessert: load data from GCS into BigQuery Duration: ~10 minutes. Once the bash script had finished, I had all the data sitting nice and pretty in GCS. I had downloaded the compressed (GZ) versions of the files so it would be quicker. I knew from some previous work that I’d done with BigQuery that it supports loading GZIP files in from GCS. Too easy. All I needed to do next was to load the data and files into a table in BigQuery. So, I flicked over to the web UI for BigQuery and configured the following simple load job: That took just 10 minutes to load 500M rows and about 60GB of data. Nice. The final result of that load job was all the WSPR data now waiting to be analyzed by Aaron! Digestive Duration: one minute. Tools like BigQuery are commoditizing big data. It’s so easy and quick to get up and running nowadays, no matter the size of the data you want to analyze. Who wants to be mucking around with Hadoop or Hive clusters or on-prem database instances when you can use tools like these? Seriously. Stay tuned for part two of this post, when Aaron will tell us all about how his analysis went using BigQuery. Oh, and by the way, we’ve made the table in BigQuery public, so anyone can access/analyse it. You can find it here. Hortonworks DataFlow is an integrated platform that makes data ingestion fast, easy, and secure. Download the white paper now.  Brought to you in partnership with Hortonworks.  Like This Article? Read More From DZone Automating Your Dismissal With BigQuery Can Big Data Predict the Next President? How Big Data Provides Insights Into Consumer Behavior Free Resource R Essentials Topics: bigquery ,big data ,data analytics DOWNLOAD Like (0) Comment (0) Save Tweet {{ articles[0].views | formatCount}} Views Edit Delete {{ articles[0].isLocked ? 'Enable' : 'Disable' }} comments {{ articles[0].isLimited ? 'Remove comment limits' : 'Enable moderated comments' }} Published at DZone with permission of Graham Polley, DZone MVB. See the original article here. Opinions expressed by DZone contributors are their own. Big Data Partner Resources Integrating Apache Hadoop with the Enterprise Data Warehouse Hortonworks Architecting and Building Big Data Lakes Zaloni Data Warehousing Trends Report 2017 Panoply An Exclusive Report on Big Data Management Software for the Data-Driven Enterprise Zaloni Closing the Gaps in Data Warehousing Panoply Five Attributes of a Connected Architecture Hortonworks The Rise of Stream Processing Hortonworks The best of DZone straight to your inbox. SEE AN EXAMPLE SUBSCRIBE Please provide a valid email address. Thanks for subscribing! Awesome! Check your inbox to verify your email so you can start receiving the latest in tech news and resources. Subscribe {{ editionName }} {{ node.blurb }} {{ ::node.title }} {{ parent.title || parent.header.title}} {{ parent.tldr }} {{ parent.linkDescription }} {{ parent.urlSource.name }} by {{ parent.authors[0].realName || parent.author}} · {{ parent.articleDate | date:'MMM. dd, yyyy' }} {{ parent.linkDate | date:'MMM. dd, yyyy' }} · {{ parent.portal.name }} Zone Tweet {{ parent.views }} ViewsClicks Edit Delete {{ parent.isLocked ? 'Enable' : 'Disable' }} comments {{ parent.isLimited ? 'Remove comment limits' : 'Enable moderated comments' }}
/ Security Zone Over a million developers have joined DZone. Sign In / Join {{node.title}} {{node.type}} · {{ node.urlSource.name }} · by {{node.authors[0].realName }} DOWNLOAD {{node.downloads}} {{totalResults}} search results Refcardz Guides Zones | Agile Big Data Cloud Database DevOps Integration IoT Java Mobile Performance Security Web Dev Let's be friends: DevOps and Security: Cultural Changes to Bring Dev, Sec, and Ops Together Two presentations from DevOpsDays PDX and AppSec USA discuss how to integrate security practices into the DevOps lifecycle. by Beth Cornils · Feb. 13, 17 · Security Zone Like (0) Comment (0) Save Tweet {{ articles[0].views | formatCount}} Views Edit Delete {{ articles[0].isLocked ? 'Enable' : 'Disable' }} comments {{ articles[0].isLimited ? 'Remove comment limits' : 'Enable moderated comments' }} Join the DZone community and get the full member experience. Join For Free Discover how to protect your applications from known and unknown vulnerabilities. DevOps has been around for some time, long enough to have some commonly accepted terms — for example, CAMS, which stands for Culture, Automation, Measurement, and Sharing. The inclusion of security in DevOps is, as a culture shift, still in its infancy. While some people talk about DevSecOps, I’m not sure we need a whole new acronym, or a story for how to get Dev, Ops and Security all working together. I think the answer is, we just start to do it, and we fumble, adjust, and improve. Luckily, people are starting to talk about it. I see Francois (@F_Raynaud) of DevSecCon, the AppSec USA conference, and many others, too, starting to talk about DevOps and Security together. I’m partial to this talk from DevOpsDays PDX (transcription can be found at the bottom of this post). It was given by Adrien Thebo and Chris Barker of Puppet, and Ben Hughes of Etsy. You might also enjoy a similar talk given at AppSec USA. This one was given by Adrien, Chris and Bill Weiss, who also works at Puppet. I've worked with all four of the people speaking in these talks, and I feel lucky to know and work with them. What I Learned From and Appreciated in These Talks First of all, I really loved the emphasis on how important it is to talk to each other, be open, and feeling empathy for the other person’s (and other team's) job challenges. It’s hard to build and maintain infrastructure and software, and you're not the only one finding it difficult. Few people are trying to make your job harder, and it's important to remember this, especially when things go wrong. I also paid attention to Ben raising the issue of how difficult it really is to shift the culture. Even though we all talk about the importance of getting together and communicating, note that Ben actually says this presentation is the most he'd talked with developers and operators since he started working in security. I’m of course partial to the idea of doing an internal three-day mini con. A three-day mini con? What the what? Actually, it’s a cross-functional group comprised of stakeholders from within the organization, and together, they go through multiple sessions of brainstorming. These sessions are lead by the product owner, who provides the roadmap as planned, manages feedback, and keeps conversations on track. The brainstorming provides two critical things for future collaboration: 1) a shared knowledge of future plans, goals, and possible friction points, and 2) a sense of communitas among the participants that enables better asynchronous communication via tickets or email. In short, it forces everyone to talk with each other, and hash out any gotchas early and often, thus breaking down silo walls. Finally, I really appreciate how both these talks emphasize that moving faster means we need tighter communication loops between Dev, Ops, and Security. (Also, pancakes. Pancakes always help.) These tighter communication loops work to everyone’s benefit. Because really, who wants that 3 AM page? There are a variety of ways to improve communication between the different groups. Sending developers and operations people to security conferences, or vice versa, is a great idea. You could host lunch-and-learns or other gatherings to make sure Dev, Ops, and Security all hear why a feature is important for the company and its users — and get a chance to ask questions, too. Encourage finding ways to the compromise and the yes, rather than getting to the point where Security wants to unplug everything, throw it in a ditch, and pour concrete over it. That’s a symptom of a problem, not a solution. Whatever means you decide on to encourage communication, empathy, and sharing, the important thing is to break down the silos, so we aren’t tossing Jira tickets or angry emails at each other. Remember this: We are all humans. Change is hard, it’s scary and it can’t happen overnight. Regardless, it is well past time for us to start making these culture changes. Once Dev, Sec, and Ops are all communicating regularly and amicably, we can all succeed together. If we don't make these culture changes, we will all fail together. Beth Cornils is a senior product manager at Puppet. Transcription Devopsdays Portland 2016: Adrien Thebo, Ben Hughes, Chris Barker - Everything Is Terrible Alice Goldfuss: Today's speakers, for this first panel, were the unfortunate consequence of failed cloning. One of them came out British, which was especially disappointing. Male voice: Ooh, shots fired. Alice Goldfuss: It's okay. They're not part of Europe anymore. As they were being sent to the furnace to be disposed of as medical waste, they managed to escape by making a significant Rube Goldberg machine out of Cat 5 cables and ever since then they've been wandering from city to city performing mediocre rock shows and bank heists. And while we do have the cops standing outside, we'd first like to welcome to the stage, they are, Chris Barker, Adrien Thebo, and Ben Hughes. Chris Barker: So this is our talk, titled "Everything is Terrible: Three Perspectives on Building, Configuring, and Securing Software (An Inspirational and Aspirational Talk)." First, some introductions. I'm Chris Barker, otherwise known as @mrzarquan. I tend to give people a lot of suggestions. Sometimes they follow them. I've been doing operations for a while, then about four years ago I decided to go to Puppet. Adrien Thebo: I'm Adrien Thebo. I started in Puppet like five or something years ago. At some point I decided that I wanted to cause people mild retina damage when they look at me, so there's that. Currently a developer and very angry about security. Ben Hughes: What have I done? I'm Ben Hughes. I used to work at Puppet and I'm not convinced I don't still. I'm now at Etsy, which is relatively obvious, and I work in security so I consume a lot of gin. Chris Barker: We wanted to talk about how the world was before DevOps came about for all three of our roles, being in operations, development, and security. On the operations side, I'm sitting there kind of waiting for somebody to hand me a tarball maybe, or just a bunch of files to deploy on a server while I'm in the middle of doing all my other work, of trying to actually spin all the plates, keep things from working, or not working in some cases. Adrien Thebo: So I'd be in the role of the developer, given any number of requirements, some of which may be physically impossible, varying deadlines, scope change. I want to ship the software as quickly as I can. Get my builds out, and hopefully it will pass QA and then throw it over the wall. Maybe it'll be in Google Drive. That's a good deployment mechanism, right? Ben Hughes: In a Google document. A tarball in a Google document. Adrien Thebo: Challenge accepted. Chris Barker: After I'd get that I'd get it up and running hopefully along with trying to get all the other things working as well, then maybe a couple weeks later I'd tell Ben, or he would find out. Ben Hughes: Then I'd — what's the polite way of phrasing this? — panic slightly? Lose my decorum and go, "Why is this on the public internet? Why are there all these ports open? What idiot wrote this code? I'm just going to turn this off because I like saying no to people, and I'm quite mean." Chris Barker: So, after this it goes back to maybe a three-month cycle from the time that Adrien actually built the software to somebody actually says we can put customers in front of it. What this really leads to is one continuous tire fire. But now, Adrien and I have gone to DevOpsDays. We maybe use some configuration management tools. We're in this really awesome agile DevOps world, right? Adrien Thebo: Yeah, we're sitting around the campfire singing "Kumbaya." We are having very quick iterations. I'm deploying four times a day. I'm shipping all sorts of random new code all the time. I'm delighted because I can put something into production right away. It's great. Chris Barker: From my standpoint, I'm able to build servers really quickly. I've probably moved a lot of my workflow over to AWS for dev and test. I'm able to deploy these things called security groups, which are kind of like firewall rules. I don't really know how they work, but they kind of have set up the way that I want. They're firewall rules written in JSON. That's all that they are. Chris Barker: That makes so much more sense now. We're still very happy but for some reason there's still some kind of friction going on. Ben Hughes: What I see is, my orange-haired friend is able to pick any library he finds on GitHub or SourceForge and just throw that in the code today, or even like over lunch. Whereas before I had three months to try and find all the bugs, now I have three minutes. There's even more random libraries going up. There's even more random servers going up. No one can configure files in JSON. Of course the natural language of files is XML, because that wouldn't go wrong. We've moved from a world where I had three months to panic and — Am I allowed to swear? Is that allowed? Organizer, can I swear? Alice Goldfuss: I thought I was the insult. Do not do gendered slurs. Ben Hughes: All right. I lose my shit — thank you, Organizer — because there's now way more stuff on fire than before. Whereas there was only slow-burning things, there's now the slow-burning things from before, and the tiny, miniature, artisanal tire fires in AWS. Chris Barker: So what really becomes the problem here is that there's actually this whole different misalignment, right? Even on the DevOps side, we're still trying to get to this point of people collaborating together and working on things. But what does that really mean when an organization maybe hasn't embraced this change throughout the whole structure? Adrien Thebo: From a development perspective, my responsibility is to take product specifications and ship them. I'm trying to figure out ways where I can ship new code. Ship things rapidly. Take the things that I was given and make them reality. I want to be able to build new functionality without necessarily having to reinvent the wheel. If I have to do image processing, it would be convenient for me to use ImageMagick, or something like that. Because I don't want to — Ben Hughes: Please do. Adrien Thebo: And this is how I'd do the bank heists. Building new software and minimizing the reinvention of wheels and trying to work quickly, effectively, and this creates a whole lot of fire. Ben Hughes: I'm also not convinced no developer want to reinvent the wheel, because every developer thinks they can invent a better wheel. Adrien Thebo: I don't think, I know. Ben Hughes: I love you developers, really. Chris Barker: As someone who is working in operations — [Adrien and Ben hug] Ben Hughes: That's the magic of DevOps right there. Chris Barker: That's for the end of the talk. Adrien Thebo: More hugs are better. Chris Barker: So from the operations standpoint, my priorities are really trying to keep the plates that I have spinning, the backlog of work minimized. I'm sitting there working on trying to triage all of the existing projects. Some of the work that a development team may have done has gone off to another project. Now I'm the one who is actually in charge of the care and feeding of a project. Probably a bunch of Red Hat servers sitting around as well. Some of those are enterprise Linux Red Hat, other ones are just Red Hat, and maybe NT4. Ben Hughes: Still newer than CentOS. Chris Barker: Yes. And so really from my standpoint, I like for things to stop burning. I'll take stability over any new features that can come into the environment. And I'm really trying to keep my 3 a.m. pages down. Honestly, in areas, I'm making decisions that are based on how to minimize getting woken up at four in the morning. I'm also doing things that are causing Ben's problems. I turn off firewalls because, dammit, I need to just make this thing work and nobody told me what ports the service is actually communicating on. So I'm just going to open up everything until things start working and the app starts running again so I can close the ticket. I'd like to be able to work on my backlog but it's getting longer and longer and longer. Most of the time that means I just can kind of stand around and watch stuff. But it's in a perimeter, right? Myself and my colleagues, if I'm lucky, are able to sit there and kind of keep things cordoned off. Ben Hughes: Security has, of course, a different set of wants, which are the most important, because if there's one thing security has, it's egos galore. You can advance because I don't have the clicker. We want things not to change so that we can try and get a decent grasp of what's out there and find as many bugs as possible. Things really not changing ever, because that just brings in unknowns and bad things you want. Except when there's patches which must happen this instant, and you must drop everything you're doing because there's nothing more important than me and my work. Which is why, I don't know what Ops are doing all the time, but they should be patching my stuff. It's ridiculous. You are ridiculous. Go rob a bank. Chris Barker: That's great. I'm the one who didn't get to dye his hair. Adrien Thebo: That's after. Ben Hughes: I thought you were blonde? Chris Barker: No. So how do we kind of start resolving these things? Some of it is really just getting us to work together. The fact that there's three of us up here right now talking about the problems that we have, in part with each other but also with our jobs and our priorities, helps us try to get in alignment so we actually know what's going on. Also so we can understand and empathize with each other on here. The next thing that you can start doing around this is integrating some training, some things across the teams around this. But really, you also have to do things such as address some of the structural issues that you might have at an organization. So ensuring there's interaction points so that devs can actually talk to security people, and that operations and security people talk to each other more than just over angry emails and ticket wars. Ben Hughes: What can't JIRA fix? Chris Barker: Nothing. Actually wait, no. JIRA did give me an email alias really quickly yesterday. That was a human, but it went through JIRA. Ben Hughes: I'm pleased. And I still maintain that for a lot of my career, this conversation is more than I've had with dev teams and operations teams while being in security. That would have been useful 15 years ago. Well done us for sitting on this for 15 years. Traditionally operations people like sitting in their cave. Developers like, I don't know, sitting in their Jacuzzi writing mad code. Security people, let's not talk about them, but the generally don't play well with others. I think that needs to change in the way that certainly DevOps has tried to bring operations closer to devs. I don't know if it's brought devs closer to ops. Adrien Thebo: In a lot of cases you have the security team coming in after the fact, after the code is live, after things are already burning, but these are issues of, "Hey, maybe I need to do some image processing. I need a library." Instead of waiting for the, "Oh, this library is horribly vulnerable, and we've never seen so many rootkits on one server," we talk to security up front and say, "Hey, we would like to do X, Y, or Z. What's your advice on this? What libraries are safe? What things should we know up front?" Because this guy has a wealth of knowledge. The security teams that have so much information. Ah, maybe we're just screwed. No, they do have a wealth of knowledge and experience and this is something that, if you tap into earlier, you can do things right from the beginning just by talking to people. It's easy to forget, but it turns out that the simple things — Ben Hughes: Turn... into magic. Chris Barker: So we keep talking about structure, and some of this is also going to the cultural points too. Such as, always assume that people aren't trying to screw you over, unless they're Ben. But really, truly actually trying to build a space, kind of security as a safe space. People can come to you and say, "Hey I clicked on this email, there's a problem with that." Or, "Hey, I want to build this thing out." Or, "Help me figure out how to write better JSON firewall rules so that it doesn't actually suck." Ben Hughes: I blame Amazon for everything. Chris Barker: Part of this is also why we have this idea of doing rotations, right? If you can work together and collaborate together, then people actually have a better understanding of how things are going. Adrien Thebo: For developers, once again, consulting security for best practices, but just going out, getting training. Attending DEFCON for instance, or going to an all-ops training or anything like that. There's a lot of things that you may not think about, like timing attacks. Which, it's like, "Oh, I'll just do a for loop. Oh, I can optimize this, make this faster." That's bad. So learning what you actually need to address instead of trying to bolt on security afterwards. I think we're talking about tooling later. Ben Hughes: Also go to BSides Portland, because they're our media sponsor, and they're lovely people. Chris Barker: So some more specifics around this that we actually would really want to call out is the idea of coordinated planning. At Puppet, one of the things that we've started doing is whenever we build a new product or feature — actually Beth here is the one who introduced the idea of holding — so we can single her out, she's the person who's laughing loudly usually when we're making fun of each other — is the idea of a mini convention. We actually have a three-day internal con that has subject matter experts across the field, including folks in operations, people who are handling some of the security aspects, and the development team, so that everyone actually has a baseline at the start of the project of what, one, who the people involved are. But also as the project goes on, there's more interaction with that. So all of a sudden if I'm getting a ticket from Adrien about something, I actually remember back two or three months ago, the actual conversation we had. It's this empathy. We had time to sit down and work with it so I know what the hell he needs these library services for in the first place. Or I know what database is in place. Security knows ahead of time that yes, we're going to be doing testing in AWS, but we're going to be using maybe this pre-built or verified firewall process ahead of time. Or just tell them that it's actually going to be running in AWS in this availability zone, so that's not somebody leaking their GitHub keys. Adrien Thebo: It's hard to understate the importance of empathy. It's very easy for me to think, here's my responsibilities, I don't have to go any farther. The server is not my problem. Security, I don't care. It is this lack of empathy that, it's like there's a ticket at 3 a.m. Things are on fire and it's like, finger pointing begins and there's blame being thrown around and the issue isn't being addressed. We're just creating hostile relationships and it becomes harder to work together. But with this mini-con idea, you sit down in the room and you have this shared goal. You are trying to achieve this thing. You can see that everyone there is in good faith. You actually are working on the same project together. I know we're all paranoid of like, oh we can't have touchy-feely talks. But the basic human interactions do really matter. The difference between the, oh God, we had another vulnerability, and the, oh, we, as a team, may have made a mistake. Let's fix this together. This can mean the difference between hating your coworkers and having hugs onstage and such. Chris Barker: I don't know if you want to add anything about hate. Ben Hughes: I have a record collection about hate. Yeah, security has traditionally been a very unfriendly, unwelcoming place. I hope that's slowly changing. Certainly as the industry matures. But it's very much been a, we say no, we block things, we turn things off. Which, even ignoring how much you hug someone, is not always the best way to do business. And security does lose sight of, these things are put in place to enable business, not — Most companies' job isn't to be the most secure company, it's to actually try and make money. Because yay capitalism. Just turning everything off and covering all your servers in concrete and burying them would be secure, but you would also be quite unemployed quite rapidly, unless you also had a sideline in making concrete. And who doesn't have one of those. Chris Barker: I guess I need one. Also on this, we've mentioned rotations a lot. There's a presenter, you might have heard of her, her name is Alice Goldfuss. She does an awesome talk called, "Rock Stars, Builders, and Janitors." If you can, catch it. Is it online? Is the video up? Alice Goldfuss: Yeah, it's on YouTube. Chris Barker: Sweet. Really watch that as one of the ways to look at — If you need a quick intro to how you can possibly start doing rotations, for people to start interacting with each other. Going really from the standpoint of, what are the things people don't want to do first so that you can actually understand why the work that no one wants to do is the work that everyone should first figure out how to do. So you build empathy and realize, "Wow, I don't want to make more mistakes for other people to have to clean up." Ben Hughes: Someone else will do that via libraries or kernel exploits. You'll have to clean those up anyway, so try and add fewer of those. Chris Barker: Yeah. The other thing on here is what comes up a lot too when we start talking about security, is people start talking about things like doing bug bounties, doing pen testing. If you're at the point where you're still trying to figure out how to have the conversation with a security person, you probably don't want to spend all the money on a bug bounty yet because you're going to fix that first. If I can actually work with Ben, we'll get rid of all of the low hanging fruit so we don't have to pay out a full salary to a bug bounty team, when we realize just working with Ben can find all those ahead of time. Ben Hughes: When Etsy first launched their bug bounty program back in, I don't know, four years ago, the first two weeks were just spent triaging bugs and getting mostly the security team working with developers to get them all fixed. That was everyone on the security team just doing bug bounty stuff. We'd already had a security team for a number of years and had already had some audits at that point anyway. There are bugs out there so don't rush into bug bounties. Chris Barker: As everyone talks about how DevOpsDays isn't about tooling, but then we have the slide where we talk about how let's talk about some of the tooling that you might want to look at. Adrien Thebo: One of the things that I've been working with a few other people is embedding security testing right as part of the CI pipeline. So if you make a mistake, if you write code that doesn't do proper SSL verification, or doesn't respect CRLs, your tests pass, your code doesn't get merged. This is really nice. It means that — Isn't that slide hypnotizing? It's been really rough when we've been preparing for this. Ben Hughes: Just really hungry now. Adrien Thebo: Pancakes. Ben Hughes: They're gluten-free. Adrien Thebo: Nothing is ever too soon for you Ben. So yeah, doing this very aggressive like, if your code is not secure, if it has issues, it does not get merged into the build. It means that you can work with at least a little bit more confidence. An example of this is no go to fail, where it does some really rigorous SSL verification. Or tools, I'm not sure if Gauntlet's been mentioned much. Gauntlet is a kind of Cucumber syntax sort of driven, penetration testing tool. It will hook into Nmap and maybe Metasploit and such like that. So you can say, okay, we have a live build on this server, let's bring it down, or let's do everything we can. You can hook this up to monitoring, where you have security tests that call Nagios alerts. When you ship code to your staging server, you get an alert saying, "Hey, if this code would go live then you would have new and exciting services running on your server." Having that continuous checking is quite powerful. Chris Barker: Also on that area is obviously infrastructure-as-code tools. I'm a little biased. Puppet is pretty good at this. But there's other ones here too. Chef is also here. At least it's a configuration management tool and not someone's shell script, which is what I used to have to spend most of my time fixing. The reason for this is, how I see it is, my infrastructure-as-code, my actual code, my repo that I'm using to build servers, is something that I can work with the security team on. One, so security can validate my server configurations and I can repeatedly deploy them, but also becomes a contract I can provide to my development team. So they can say, "Look, this is what you're going to get." I can pin specific libraries in place so that OpenSSL is pinned at a specific version. We know that this is it. Or in some cases we can just ensure latest so that it always has the latest version on it, and then reboot everything. The idea is I can have an easy, programmatic way to instantiate my systems, which makes Ben's life a lot easier because he can inspect that code, possibly raise issues on it, rarely send a pull request, but at least know there's a baseline in which I'm building my systems now. Ben Hughes: What we've actually done for some of our stuff is when we've found — when there's been vulnerability announcements and CentOS eventually make a patch — or, sorry, recompile a patch from Red Hat — is putting that information in Chef into a fact. No not a fact, I've got that wrong, haven't I? What does Chef use? Ohai thing? I don't know. My infrastructure brain is gone. And then we have Nagios. I did remember that. Alerting on that so that if any hosts are suddenly vulnerable to this, then someone will get notified. Probably not paged, but emailed. Then as soon as new servers are integrated, or spun up, or whatever you do with servers, it will get these Nagios checks probably. Then we can always have, is everything patched to at least this level, and that's all done for us automatically. Chris Barker: That's a similar thing we do on the operations side in other tools. Also with the monitoring aspect,s you can do some very creative things with your config management. Some of the things you can have set up are being able to deploy — That really is still going. I should have had that pause. If you're using tools like Sensu you can actually broadcast events to the Sensu system before or after your config management tool is running. Just being able to alert to Sensu that, hey I'm going to run Puppet right now, so if a service restarts in this window when Puppet is running, you probably don't need to raise an error. But also, if Puppet has just finished running and a service stopped, that is a good way of indicating somebody just ate that service and you probably need to alert whoever just triggered the Puppet run, and if you can tie that back to a code change or other system. Lastly, in terms of tools, this is much of equipping yourself and your team on this. At Puppet we do a DevOps survey. The folks out there can give you a copy of it. It includes a section talking about security and how security, as part of your DevOps process, is a useful way — it's research on this. If you need to go back to the organization and get buy in to help with the structural changes, these cultural changes, there are numbers and graphs and data to help prove the point instead of just saying, "Hey, I just say these three weirdos standing on a stage for 30 minutes talking about this stuff." There's actually some science to back this up. Specifically, organizations that have these sorts of policies literally spend half the time they otherwise would on security events and remediation, is the biggest finding we found out of it from the survey this last year. Ben Hughes: If the media of the last year hasn't convinced you that maybe a security is a good thing, then I hope the survey will, because it's been a pretty rough year for security. Adrien Thebo: There's the aspect too that having a very secure server does not inherently make you money. Having a vulnerable server will cause you to lose money, maybe, at some point. Being able to say, here are the numbers, here's your risk factor, here's all the time you're losing, and this is how you can once again save money and be more efficient. You're putting a monetary cost onto something that was otherwise an unquantifiable good thing. We always knew it was a good thing, we just may not have been able to justify it. Saying, "Hey, you want to save a whole lot of money here, or do you want to save face in front of the entire world and be more efficient? Hey, maybe should do these smart things." Ben Hughes: Proving security is starting to save you money due to the horrible world of cyber-insurance, where if you have more security you will pay less on your cyber-insurance premiums. What a horrible word that is. But it's sadly now a very real thing. Chris Barker: Otherwise known as a gin budget. Ben Hughes: It's generally where a ridiculous number of insurance companies say you should allocate this much money to spend on Mandiant when you're broken into. And then you argue with them about why that's a ridiculous number. And then you hire more security people. Chris Barker: Just to wrap this up — Ben's going to talk about more of the cultural changes later, at his next talk. We managed to wrangle him in for this one as well. So you get twice as much twitchy Ben today. Ben Hughes: My chronic insomnia is really bad at the moment, so I've not really slept. Adrien Thebo: I've got a really good view of his bloodshot eyes from here. But it is worth emphasizing, we've already done this with Dev and Ops. We've broken down that silo. But we're not done yet. We're very far from being done. Once again, start these conversations. Be engaged with these people. Remember that we are all on this common goal together. You can achieve a lot just by having those mini cons, bringing people into the fold sooner, making this a priority. It saves you money and you meet new people and all that great stuff. Male questioner: It's probably included in the conversation you had earlier about dev and security needing to be closer together, but one of the things that development tends to be unaware of is blast radius. If something goes wrong with this component, what does it mean all the way down the line? This goes into major vendors. I just finished teaching a class with a major vendor that left open a container port, and suddenly I got a nastygram from a large cloud provider saying, "Why are you DDOS-ing my people?" Is there a formal system right now for evaluating the effects of bugs in particular areas that you can communicate back, and say this is why security needs to be part of this reference architecture? Ben Hughes: I'm sure a vendor will try and sell you something to do that. I think it's, as systems get more complicated, it gets harder because it used to be you compromise one system, you have that system and its network link and as much disk as it has. Now, you compromise a machine, then you find the AWS creds. Now you have as much AWS as you can use until the accounting department starts crying. Not that that would ever happen. So I think it's a really hard thing to quantify. I think sadly some of the best people who will quantify are people trying to sell you insurance, because they have a very strong monetary interest in working out what that exposure is. I think that still very immature because it's so new and it's not really that explored. Yeah, good luck. Chris Barker: Some of this might be able to be derived from maybe staging and QA areas. To actually get an idea of what's the scope of this? If you're building and developing a service that's going to only have five systems, but you're going to throw it behind an auto-scale group that's going to go up to 250, it's really starting to keep those things in mind. That's something I found. It can sometimes be a perspective that I've always had from working in the operations standpoint because my view has always been, I'm going to be responsible for N number of systems. That becomes more complicated as things go on. Versus just having that development environment that you're focused in on. Just try to get this work on three and then we'll scale it later. I think getting an idea of what is actually building the applications and what's in there. Having at least communication going on so that doing a formal assessment may be difficult, but it definitely is something that would be easier to surface once you're having these conversations. Ben Hughes: If you have the money and it's on a particular thing, then just contract someone to do a red team engagement on it and they will tell you how big the blast radius is and then everything else they've broken into, and all of your PII that you didn't know was in another system, and go from there. That doesn't scale, but if the specifics — It's terrifying and exciting. Male questioner: Good morning. I was just curious, in a DevOps world, or model, if any of the responsibilities of security change. The security team is still accountable for overall security, but do any of the responsibilities move to some of the Ops or Developers? Adrien Thebo: They don't change because they always should have been, everyone is responsible for security. I would say that security is, they are there to help. They are there to advise. They are there to say, "Hey that's a really dumb thing you're doing. Let's not put that into production." And at the end of the day, security is there to say, "Hey, we have found these holes. Let's resolve these problems." Developers have to be security conscious, 100 percent. We were all just at DEFCON, and oh man, the vulnerabilities we saw were fascinating because of programming flaws. You can't put a timing vulnerability behind a firewall. You can't hide a lot of things. Developers have to be security conscious. Operations, that's where the rubber hits the road. Unless security starts standing up servers, which might be cool, these guys are responsible for where everything is run. This is effectively the first line of defense. The responsibility was always there, so the answer you want is yes, but we always should have been saying, "security is everybody's responsibility." Did I get it all? Ben Hughes: I mean you got most things ever said. Adrien Thebo: I talk quickly. Ben Hughes: The things that change for operations and devs in this wonderful DevOps thing also change, in some ways, for security in that you're now not a wall to be thrown over, you actually have to have conversations rather than just mandate things. Which leads to, I don't want to say leads to compromise because there are too many double meanings on that. But that leads to a shared understanding. There we go. Thank you, thesaurus. Rather than just, it's this, you must do this. You have to communicate more, which security people are not good at, as I'm proving by rambling over the same point. Male questioner: I'd love to hear your thoughts about, say you have a web app that used that used HTTP Proxy, and there was a big fire drill when everybody had to go turn that off and sanitize. What if that breaks your application in the process? I'd love to hear your thoughts on that. Adrien Thebo: I think I heard someone in the front row say, "That sucks." If you're saying this specifically with respect to a security fire drill — What was a vulnerable thing that happened, like some bad software being shipped? Ben Hughes: That's cool. You learned something. You found a new thing that you can make better. Depending on your website, taking it down may or may not be a big deal. You don't work at Delta, do you? I ask for no reason. I just need some cheap flights and some bitcoin. I don't know. Gamedays and security are definitely a thing. It's a thing we've been pushing in our organization. What happens if we break this in this way? But as an attacker, not as an ops person doing whatever gamedaying Ops people do. Sipping whiskey. Chris Barker: Tripping over the network cable. Ben Hughes: Yeah. I don't know. At Etsy we like learning, so we turn it into a learning exercise and then hug for an hour. It sounds like a painful thing but a thing you now know more about. Chris Barker: In the area of having a reactive to that is usually a triage team or something would come together. That would kind of compromise the representatives of all three areas of interest to work on that to find the resolution going forward. In some cases that's something that may happen as a symptom of not having that communication happening. It's really hard to be like, "Hey, we found this problem, now let's immediately implement all of the DevOps and security integration to fix it." You can kind of do that where folks talk about, let's do a firefighting drill on that, but then you realize that you're really good at fighting fires and you wait until they happen. In some ways you can use it to pilot internally. Let's not dissolve the team once we've actually fixed that. Let's have them keep going forward and keep iterating on that as they keep working. Alice Goldfuss: All right. We are out of time. Thank you so much. Can we have a round of applause? Find out how Waratek’s award-winning virtualization platform can improve your web application security, development and operations without false positives, code changes or slowing your application. Like This Article? Read More From DZone DevSecOps: Catching Fire DevSecOps: Better Software, Faster Will SecOps Finally Close the Security and Operations Gap? A Q&A With Pete Cheslock Free Resource Java EE Security Essentials Topics: security ,devops ,devsecops ,operations DOWNLOAD Like (0) Comment (0) Save Tweet {{ articles[0].views | formatCount}} Views Edit Delete {{ articles[0].isLocked ? 'Enable' : 'Disable' }} comments {{ articles[0].isLimited ? 'Remove comment limits' : 'Enable moderated comments' }} Published at DZone with permission of Beth Cornils, DZone MVB. See the original article here. Opinions expressed by DZone contributors are their own. Security Partner Resources Traditional Application Security Approaches Are Not Working Waratek Account Takeover: How Hacking Happens Immunio Webinar: Secure your apps against a deserialization attack. It's not possible, is it? Waratek Bring your Java apps up to date with the latest Java release with no code changes Waratek The Most Common Vulnerabilities that Impact Web Apps Immunio The best of DZone straight to your inbox. SEE AN EXAMPLE SUBSCRIBE Please provide a valid email address. Thanks for subscribing! Awesome! Check your inbox to verify your email so you can start receiving the latest in tech news and resources. Subscribe {{ editionName }} {{ node.blurb }} {{ ::node.title }} {{ parent.title || parent.header.title}} {{ parent.tldr }} {{ parent.linkDescription }} {{ parent.urlSource.name }} by {{ parent.authors[0].realName || parent.author}} · {{ parent.articleDate | date:'MMM. dd, yyyy' }} {{ parent.linkDate | date:'MMM. dd, yyyy' }} · {{ parent.portal.name }} Zone Tweet {{ parent.views }} ViewsClicks Edit Delete {{ parent.isLocked ? 'Enable' : 'Disable' }} comments {{ parent.isLimited ? 'Remove comment limits' : 'Enable moderated comments' }}
Home > Google News > Google SEO > Google Launches Dynamic Loading People Also Ask Google Launches Dynamic Loading People Also Ask Feb 13, 2017 • 8:07 am | (3) by Barry Schwartz | Filed Under Google Search Engine Optimization Prev Story Next story Tweet Pin It   Prev Story Next Story Last November we reported Google was testing a dynamic loading people also ask feature. Well, Google's Satyajeet Salgar announced on Twitter that this is officially live now. I tested it both on mobile and desktop and it is indeed live. You click in a listing within the people also ask feature in Google search and Google may dynamically load one or two or more options in that box. Here is a video of it in action from Satyajeet: If you're in the US and like exploring topics, there's a nifty feature for you to try with "People also ask" on Google. :-) pic.twitter.com/s2WtwyYvun— Satyajeet Salgar (@salgar) February 10, 2017 It also works similarly on desktop. I rarely ever use that search feature, but I guess some searchers are where they wanted to invest more time into it? Forum discussion at Twitter. Previous story: Google Fast Track Indexing Vs. Normal Indexing   blog comments powered by Disqus The pulse of the search community Subscribe Subscribe options ADVERTISERS Search buzz Video 02/10/2017 08:53 am Subscribe More videos Video Details Browse by: Browse by Date Find by Category Discover by Author Scan Most Recent See Comments View Tag Cloud SEM FORUM THREADS WebmasterWorld Forums Report: Verizon Wants $250 Million Off the Yahoo Deal Understanding the Google Image Search Traffic Drops Digital Point Forums $10 one badge Keyword Ranking Suggestion?? Sponsored links Best SEO Company Link Penalty Recovery £200 includes locating & contacting   Submit a Thread Forum Search Awards About Us Seals Advertise Contact Google Google Updates Google News Google SEO AdSense AdWords Misc Google Google Maps Bing Bing SEO Bing Ads ContentAds Yahoo Yahoo SEO Yahoo Search Ads Yahoo Publisher Network Yahoo News Other Yahoo Overture SEO Sitemaps Spiders Informational Sites SEO SEO Copywriting Keyword Research Link Building Dynamic Site SEO Cloaking Local SEO Other Search Topics Search News SEO Tools Spam Forum News SEM Companies Web Promotion SEO Interviews Search Technology Search Theory SEM Organizations SEO Books Legal Search Issues Affiliate Marketing Social Search More... Logos Other Search Engines SEO Conferences PPC Engines Web Directories Ask.com Photos Shopping Search Multilingual Search Search Pulse Search Video Recaps Digg Digest Search Forum Recap Misc Submit a Thread Forum Search Awards About Us Seals Advertise Contact Mobile Site The content at the Search Engine Roundtable are the sole opinion of the authors and in no way reflect views of RustyBrick ®, Inc Copyright © 1994-2017 RustyBrick ®, Inc. Web Development All Rights Reserved. This work by Search Engine Roundtable is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 United States License. Creative Commons License
Home > Photos > Google Indoor Clouds Google Indoor Clouds Feb 13, 2017 • 7:29 am | (0) by Barry Schwartz | Filed Under Search Engine Photo Of The Day Prev Story Next story Tweet Pin It   Prev Story Next Story Did you know Google has clouds inside of their office? This is a picture from Vanessa Mirakai as she posted on Instagram showing the lobby at the Google Singapore office. You can see clouds with Google logo colors within it. She wrote "What an amazing place to work. How is it possible to not be happy and productive in this environment 😍 thank you @kirtidhingra , it was a great experience to visit your office 😘 #Google #googleoffice #singapore." This post is part of our daily Search Photo of the Day column, where we find fun and interesting photos related to the search industry and share them with our readers. Previous story: Google Hamburger Bean Bag Chair   blog comments powered by Disqus The pulse of the search community Subscribe Subscribe options ADVERTISERS Search buzz Video 02/10/2017 08:53 am Subscribe More videos Video Details Browse by: Browse by Date Find by Category Discover by Author Scan Most Recent See Comments View Tag Cloud SEM FORUM THREADS WebmasterWorld Forums Bot Building Now Easier With New Bing Intelligence Services Google AdSense General Category Blocking: New Categories Digital Point Forums The Best Social Network business card design Sponsored links Best SEO Company Link Penalty Recovery £200 includes locating & contacting   Submit a Thread Forum Search Awards About Us Seals Advertise Contact Google Google Updates Google News Google SEO AdSense AdWords Misc Google Google Maps Bing Bing SEO Bing Ads ContentAds Yahoo Yahoo SEO Yahoo Search Ads Yahoo Publisher Network Yahoo News Other Yahoo Overture SEO Sitemaps Spiders Informational Sites SEO SEO Copywriting Keyword Research Link Building Dynamic Site SEO Cloaking Local SEO Other Search Topics Search News SEO Tools Spam Forum News SEM Companies Web Promotion SEO Interviews Search Technology Search Theory SEM Organizations SEO Books Legal Search Issues Affiliate Marketing Social Search More... Logos Other Search Engines SEO Conferences PPC Engines Web Directories Ask.com Photos Shopping Search Multilingual Search Search Pulse Search Video Recaps Digg Digest Search Forum Recap Misc Submit a Thread Forum Search Awards About Us Seals Advertise Contact Mobile Site The content at the Search Engine Roundtable are the sole opinion of the authors and in no way reflect views of RustyBrick ®, Inc Copyright © 1994-2017 RustyBrick ®, Inc. Web Development All Rights Reserved. This work by Search Engine Roundtable is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 United States License. Creative Commons License
Home > Google News > Google SEO > Google's Gary Illyes Did You Know SEO Tweets Google's Gary Illyes Did You Know SEO Tweets Feb 14, 2017 • 8:09 am | (7) by Barry Schwartz | Filed Under Google Search Engine Optimization Prev Story Next story Tweet Pin It   Prev Story Next Story Over the past week or so, Gary Illyes from Google has been sharing some tips and what he is calling DYK, did you know, tweets about Google, SEO and webmaster topics. Most of these are pretty basic SEO tips for this site, so I figured I'd lump them all together in this single story instead of doing break out stories on each one of those tweets. Again, most of this you all know but hey, it is a good reminder: DYK Google doesn't have a duplicate content penalty, but having many URLs serving the same content burns crawl budget and may dilute signals pic.twitter.com/3sW4PU8hTi— Gary Illyes ᕕ( ᐛ )ᕗ (@methode) February 13, 2017 DYK the "number of results" you see in search results is really just an approximation that's less accurate the more potential results exist? pic.twitter.com/o2odhwjsIA— Gary Illyes ᕕ( ᐛ )ᕗ (@methode) February 11, 2017 DYK traffic drops after sitemoves are usually caused by missing or rogue tags/directives on the new site? Removed hreflang, extra noindex... pic.twitter.com/tNYirAXovo— Gary Illyes ᕕ( ᐛ )ᕗ (@methode) February 14, 2017 DYK blocking a page with both a robots.txt disallow & a noindex in the page doesn't make much sense cos Googlebot can't "see" the noindex? pic.twitter.com/N4639rCCWt— Gary Illyes ᕕ( ᐛ )ᕗ (@methode) February 10, 2017 DYK you don't necessarily need links to rank? Don't believe me? Here's an article from RandFishhttps://t.co/nfh1CCwFzr pic.twitter.com/CTQqIeSAQp— Gary Illyes ᕕ( ᐛ )ᕗ (@methode) February 13, 2017 DYK we released an updated version of our Search Quality Raters Guidelines. Bored this Sunday? Here's the link:https://t.co/6MdO1i5P7k— Gary Illyes ᕕ( ᐛ )ᕗ (@methode) February 12, 2017 (note, this is from March 2016 - so not really updated) DYK that HTTPS URLs in a dup cluster have higher chance of becoming canonical? pic.twitter.com/1qIz6JAOUg— Gary Illyes ᕕ( ᐛ )ᕗ (@methode) February 8, 2017 DYK that after 18 years we're still using PageRank (and 100s of other signals) in ranking? Wanna know how it works?https://t.co/CfOlxGauGF pic.twitter.com/3YJeNbXLml— Gary Illyes ᕕ( ᐛ )ᕗ (@methode) February 9, 2017 DYK keywords have different weight depending on their position on the page & their surroundings? Footer text may weigh less than centerpiece pic.twitter.com/nq3ygULnUB— Gary Illyes ᕕ( ᐛ )ᕗ (@methode) February 14, 2017 DYK if you read out loud the text on your page and it doesn't sound natural, that piece of text may weigh much less during ranking pic.twitter.com/IfXMKB1GFg— Gary Illyes ᕕ( ᐛ )ᕗ (@methode) February 15, 2017 I do like these DYK tweets from Gary - so if you are reading, keep them coming. Forum discussion at Twitter. Previous story: Google Search Console Updates Crawl Status/Errors Report For Apps   blog comments powered by Disqus The pulse of the search community Subscribe Subscribe options ADVERTISERS Search buzz Video 02/10/2017 08:53 am Subscribe More videos Video Details Browse by: Browse by Date Find by Category Discover by Author Scan Most Recent See Comments View Tag Cloud SEM FORUM THREADS WebmasterWorld Forums Report: Verizon Wants $250 Million Off the Yahoo Deal Understanding the Google Image Search Traffic Drops Digital Point Forums $10 one badge Keyword Ranking Suggestion?? Sponsored links Best SEO Company Link Penalty Recovery £200 includes locating & contacting   Submit a Thread Forum Search Awards About Us Seals Advertise Contact Google Google Updates Google News Google SEO AdSense AdWords Misc Google Google Maps Bing Bing SEO Bing Ads ContentAds Yahoo Yahoo SEO Yahoo Search Ads Yahoo Publisher Network Yahoo News Other Yahoo Overture SEO Sitemaps Spiders Informational Sites SEO SEO Copywriting Keyword Research Link Building Dynamic Site SEO Cloaking Local SEO Other Search Topics Search News SEO Tools Spam Forum News SEM Companies Web Promotion SEO Interviews Search Technology Search Theory SEM Organizations SEO Books Legal Search Issues Affiliate Marketing Social Search More... Logos Other Search Engines SEO Conferences PPC Engines Web Directories Ask.com Photos Shopping Search Multilingual Search Search Pulse Search Video Recaps Digg Digest Search Forum Recap Misc Submit a Thread Forum Search Awards About Us Seals Advertise Contact Mobile Site The content at the Search Engine Roundtable are the sole opinion of the authors and in no way reflect views of RustyBrick ®, Inc Copyright © 1994-2017 RustyBrick ®, Inc. Web Development All Rights Reserved. This work by Search Engine Roundtable is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 United States License. Creative Commons License
Home > Google News > Google Updates > Google: No Comment On The Google Search Ranking Update Google: No Comment On The Google Search Ranking Update Feb 14, 2017 • 8:16 am | (69) by Barry Schwartz | Filed Under Google PageRank & Algorithm Updates Prev Story Next story Tweet Pin It   Prev Story Next Story As you know, we reported about the February 7th Google update and that it seems pretty big. So I asked Google for a comment and got a no comment from them on the update. I am not surprised but I wanted to report back to you all that Google is not confirming or denying that there was an update last week. They are simply not commenting. John Mueller from Google isn't really commenting either but he did reply to two tweets about it this morning. He basically said Google is always changing. Here are those tweets: @TodaysSEO @googlewmc is that a good thing or a bad thing? I guess it always depends on which site you look at :). We always make changes.— John ☆.o(≧▽≦)o.☆ (@JohnMu) February 14, 2017 @kdsharmas we make so many changes that there's bound to be 1+ on that day too. I'm sure @rustybrick makes 1+ changes or posts/day too.— John ☆.o(≧▽≦)o.☆ (@JohnMu) February 14, 2017 He also commented in that last hangout saying he wasn't aware of anything specific regarding this update. I am sorry I couldn't get something official outside of a no comment but I tried. Forum discussion at WebmasterWorld. Previous story: Google's Gary Illyes Did You Know SEO Tweets   blog comments powered by Disqus The pulse of the search community Subscribe Subscribe options ADVERTISERS Search buzz Video 02/10/2017 08:53 am Subscribe More videos Video Details Browse by: Browse by Date Find by Category Discover by Author Scan Most Recent See Comments View Tag Cloud SEM FORUM THREADS WebmasterWorld Forums Report: Verizon Wants $250 Million Off the Yahoo Deal Understanding the Google Image Search Traffic Drops Digital Point Forums $10 one badge Keyword Ranking Suggestion?? Sponsored links Best SEO Company Link Penalty Recovery £200 includes locating & contacting   Submit a Thread Forum Search Awards About Us Seals Advertise Contact Google Google Updates Google News Google SEO AdSense AdWords Misc Google Google Maps Bing Bing SEO Bing Ads ContentAds Yahoo Yahoo SEO Yahoo Search Ads Yahoo Publisher Network Yahoo News Other Yahoo Overture SEO Sitemaps Spiders Informational Sites SEO SEO Copywriting Keyword Research Link Building Dynamic Site SEO Cloaking Local SEO Other Search Topics Search News SEO Tools Spam Forum News SEM Companies Web Promotion SEO Interviews Search Technology Search Theory SEM Organizations SEO Books Legal Search Issues Affiliate Marketing Social Search More... Logos Other Search Engines SEO Conferences PPC Engines Web Directories Ask.com Photos Shopping Search Multilingual Search Search Pulse Search Video Recaps Digg Digest Search Forum Recap Misc Submit a Thread Forum Search Awards About Us Seals Advertise Contact Mobile Site The content at the Search Engine Roundtable are the sole opinion of the authors and in no way reflect views of RustyBrick ®, Inc Copyright © 1994-2017 RustyBrick ®, Inc. Web Development All Rights Reserved. This work by Search Engine Roundtable is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 United States License. Creative Commons License
Home > Google News > Google SEO > Google Search Console Updates Crawl Status/Errors Report For Apps Google Search Console Updates Crawl Status/Errors Report For Apps Feb 14, 2017 • 7:59 am | (3) by Barry Schwartz | Filed Under Google Search Engine Optimization Prev Story Next story Tweet Pin It   Prev Story Next Story Google has made a data update to the Google Search Console report specifically for mobile apps. The crawl status and crawl errors report was updated on January 23, 2017 to reflect a more accurate "number of app pages with URIs" Google is able to find within your mobile apps via Firebase Google App Indexing. The data anomalies page says: Search Console has improved the accuracy of reporting the number of app pages with URIs. This is not a change in the number of actual pages indexed, but rather an accounting change that will show a more accurate number of indexed app pages. This has zero to do with ranking changes or anything around Google's search results and all about how the report may have changed. Since we have deployed mobile apps for this site, I can share our graphs with you: My concern is that nothing has changed within the app but now I have a bunch of errors. Before this update, I had about 5,600 URLs indexed and now after I have over 7,000 indexed but about 550 errors as well, as opposed to zero error. Forum discussion at Twitter. Previous story: Google Featured Snippets Now Always With People Also Ask?   blog comments powered by Disqus The pulse of the search community Subscribe Subscribe options ADVERTISERS Search buzz Video 02/10/2017 08:53 am Subscribe More videos Video Details Browse by: Browse by Date Find by Category Discover by Author Scan Most Recent See Comments View Tag Cloud SEM FORUM THREADS WebmasterWorld Forums Report: Verizon Wants $250 Million Off the Yahoo Deal Understanding the Google Image Search Traffic Drops Digital Point Forums $10 one badge Keyword Ranking Suggestion?? Sponsored links Best SEO Company Link Penalty Recovery £200 includes locating & contacting   Submit a Thread Forum Search Awards About Us Seals Advertise Contact Google Google Updates Google News Google SEO AdSense AdWords Misc Google Google Maps Bing Bing SEO Bing Ads ContentAds Yahoo Yahoo SEO Yahoo Search Ads Yahoo Publisher Network Yahoo News Other Yahoo Overture SEO Sitemaps Spiders Informational Sites SEO SEO Copywriting Keyword Research Link Building Dynamic Site SEO Cloaking Local SEO Other Search Topics Search News SEO Tools Spam Forum News SEM Companies Web Promotion SEO Interviews Search Technology Search Theory SEM Organizations SEO Books Legal Search Issues Affiliate Marketing Social Search More... Logos Other Search Engines SEO Conferences PPC Engines Web Directories Ask.com Photos Shopping Search Multilingual Search Search Pulse Search Video Recaps Digg Digest Search Forum Recap Misc Submit a Thread Forum Search Awards About Us Seals Advertise Contact Mobile Site The content at the Search Engine Roundtable are the sole opinion of the authors and in no way reflect views of RustyBrick ®, Inc Copyright © 1994-2017 RustyBrick ®, Inc. Web Development All Rights Reserved. This work by Search Engine Roundtable is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 United States License. Creative Commons License
Home > Google News > Google Updates > February 7th Google Algorithm Update Was Big February 7th Google Algorithm Update Was Big Feb 13, 2017 • 8:43 am | (85) by Barry Schwartz | Filed Under Google PageRank & Algorithm Updates Prev Story Next story Tweet Pin It   Prev Story Next Story Last week, I reported about a Google update that touched down on Tuesday, February 7th. Well, it seems that update was fairly significant and more and more webmasters and SEOs are taking notice. The ongoing WebmasterWorld thread is heavy into it and there are new threads popping up at the Black Hat World forums as well. Many have shared screen shots of their traffic or visibility drops with Google organic search as well. Here are two from Glenn Gabe: Well isn't that interesting? :) Big surge for that site based on the 2/7 update. With many others in that niche seeing big movement too. pic.twitter.com/VE3UsAZRGs— Glenn Gabe (@glenngabe) February 11, 2017 @basgr Here's another screenshot. Big surge... in a niche I know very well. :) pic.twitter.com/bqW0PZveuG— Glenn Gabe (@glenngabe) February 11, 2017 He told me has many others to share and will be working up a detailed blog post of his own on his blog in the upcoming days. Here are some more recent remarks in the forums: I've been monitoring my main keywords since Monday. I see a completely non-standard float. Right now my main keyword went down to the eighth page, a few hours later it returned to normal. Seen massive changes in serps again over the past few days. Something has definitely rolled out. We've had a noticeable increase in Google traffic in the last few days. It started on Monday, and the increases for Tuesday, Wednesday, and Thursday over the previous week have ranged from about 10 to 13 percent. 30K a month has gone to 15K a month. Thats how hard I have been hit with this update. Spent last 2 years improving the entire site and spent well over $30,000 on site. Have no popups no adverts just some amazon links... fresh content added 3 times a week every week for past 4 years. Feb the 7th I got hammered, Why ? i dont know ..maybe my site does not have enough adverts ? not enough popups ? ...The problem with this model of business is you can spend a lot of time on something and it ends up all turning to nothing. Its a horrible place to be..lucky i have a second job.. I feel for others without that luxury... Just imagine doing your house up for a year or two, spending loads of money on it.. then finding out your house is now worth 30% less than when you started.. This is how bad things are with this business model DEPRESSING A lot of terms that I track for my site and a few tests seems to be dancing a lot, specially sites on 2nd and 1st page. Anyone else? I can keep going on. In fact, there are almost 200 comments in my original story about these changes. Have you seen changes? Some are loving them and some are hating them - which is typical of any Google update. Google has not confirmed or denied any update but I will ask them again. Forum discussion at WebmasterWorld and Black Hat World. Previous story: Google Analytics Starts Rolling Out New User Interface   blog comments powered by Disqus The pulse of the search community Subscribe Subscribe options ADVERTISERS Search buzz Video 02/10/2017 08:53 am Subscribe More videos Video Details Browse by: Browse by Date Find by Category Discover by Author Scan Most Recent See Comments View Tag Cloud SEM FORUM THREADS WebmasterWorld Forums Report: Verizon Wants $250 Million Off the Yahoo Deal Understanding the Google Image Search Traffic Drops Digital Point Forums $10 one badge Keyword Ranking Suggestion?? Sponsored links Best SEO Company Link Penalty Recovery £200 includes locating & contacting   Submit a Thread Forum Search Awards About Us Seals Advertise Contact Google Google Updates Google News Google SEO AdSense AdWords Misc Google Google Maps Bing Bing SEO Bing Ads ContentAds Yahoo Yahoo SEO Yahoo Search Ads Yahoo Publisher Network Yahoo News Other Yahoo Overture SEO Sitemaps Spiders Informational Sites SEO SEO Copywriting Keyword Research Link Building Dynamic Site SEO Cloaking Local SEO Other Search Topics Search News SEO Tools Spam Forum News SEM Companies Web Promotion SEO Interviews Search Technology Search Theory SEM Organizations SEO Books Legal Search Issues Affiliate Marketing Social Search More... Logos Other Search Engines SEO Conferences PPC Engines Web Directories Ask.com Photos Shopping Search Multilingual Search Search Pulse Search Video Recaps Digg Digest Search Forum Recap Misc Submit a Thread Forum Search Awards About Us Seals Advertise Contact Mobile Site The content at the Search Engine Roundtable are the sole opinion of the authors and in no way reflect views of RustyBrick ®, Inc Copyright © 1994-2017 RustyBrick ®, Inc. Web Development All Rights Reserved. This work by Search Engine Roundtable is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 United States License. Creative Commons License
Home > Google News > Google SEO > Google Fast Track Indexing Vs. Normal Indexing Google Fast Track Indexing Vs. Normal Indexing Feb 13, 2017 • 7:59 am | (10) by Barry Schwartz | Filed Under Google Search Engine Optimization Prev Story Next story Tweet Pin It   Prev Story Next Story Google's John Mueller in a video hangout last Friday at the 1:04 mark into the video addressed the common question of why does a page or URL show up in Google's index for a couple days or so and then drop out, especially new URLs that were not indexed yet by Google. John Mueller explains that there are essentially two ways to get indexed, one is the normal indexing method where when pages get indexed they are more likely to stay in the index for longer periods of time. The second he called "fast track" indexing where Google quickly puts it into the index, maybe because you used the submit to index feature in the fetch as Google in Google Search Console. Those pages may not stay in the index for long periods of time, not at least until the normal indexing method picks up the page. Fast track indexing can lead to pages getting indexed faster but may not result in the page staying in the index. Normal indexing will likely result in the page being found in the Google index for longer periods of time. This is a common behavior seen for years and years, where new sites and pages would be indexed quickly and then drop out and come back into the index at a later date. Here is the video embed at the start time: Here is the transcript: Question: We have some pages that we use the fetch as Google tool, to just make sure they were okay, to make sure they were indexed because some were not in the index yet. They are in our sitemap. And out of, last week, we did about 17 of them, 9 of them have been indexed and stayed in the index and about 8 of them are in the index or were in the index and about a week later, they have fallen out of the index. Is that normal? Can that happen? Is there an explanation for that? Answer: That can definitely happen. So the submit to index tool is essentially a way to fast track the speed for indexing but it doesn’t mean that they will remain like that. So what can happen on the one hand is that they switch into like the primary indexing mode where we index it normally, that can happen kind of immediately afterwards or overlapping where you wouldn’t see anything drop. Sometimes what happens is the more normal indexing in the later steps where a URL will be indexed first with kind of fast track indexing and drop out for a couple days and then be indexed normally. So that is something that can definitely happen. It usually is not a sign that there is anything wrong with those pages. It really is that we haven’t gotten to them with the normal indexing and therefor maybe it will take a little bit longer to kind of move over to that second part. Forum discussion at YouTube Live. Previous story: What Is A Pangolin - Google Valentine's Day Logo   blog comments powered by Disqus The pulse of the search community Subscribe Subscribe options ADVERTISERS Search buzz Video 02/10/2017 08:53 am Subscribe More videos Video Details Browse by: Browse by Date Find by Category Discover by Author Scan Most Recent See Comments View Tag Cloud SEM FORUM THREADS WebmasterWorld Forums Understanding the Google Image Search Traffic Drops Bot Building Now Easier With New Bing Intelligence Services Digital Point Forums $20 logo design Meet The Xlovecash Crew - The Phoenix Forum Sponsored links Best SEO Company Link Penalty Recovery £200 includes locating & contacting   Submit a Thread Forum Search Awards About Us Seals Advertise Contact Google Google Updates Google News Google SEO AdSense AdWords Misc Google Google Maps Bing Bing SEO Bing Ads ContentAds Yahoo Yahoo SEO Yahoo Search Ads Yahoo Publisher Network Yahoo News Other Yahoo Overture SEO Sitemaps Spiders Informational Sites SEO SEO Copywriting Keyword Research Link Building Dynamic Site SEO Cloaking Local SEO Other Search Topics Search News SEO Tools Spam Forum News SEM Companies Web Promotion SEO Interviews Search Technology Search Theory SEM Organizations SEO Books Legal Search Issues Affiliate Marketing Social Search More... Logos Other Search Engines SEO Conferences PPC Engines Web Directories Ask.com Photos Shopping Search Multilingual Search Search Pulse Search Video Recaps Digg Digest Search Forum Recap Misc Submit a Thread Forum Search Awards About Us Seals Advertise Contact Mobile Site The content at the Search Engine Roundtable are the sole opinion of the authors and in no way reflect views of RustyBrick ®, Inc Copyright © 1994-2017 RustyBrick ®, Inc. Web Development All Rights Reserved. This work by Search Engine Roundtable is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 United States License. Creative Commons License
ClickZ ClickZ Intelligence ClickZ Learn ClickZ Live header-ad-slot February 16, 2017 Search Engine Watch Home Industry SEO PPC Analytics Social Local Mobile Video Content Development Reports Toggle navigation Home Industry SEO PPC Analytics Social Local Mobile Video Content Development Reports   >   Analytics  >   How do the recent updates to Google Data Studio benefit marketers? How do the recent updates to Google Data Studio benefit marketers? Analytics SEO 13 Feb 17 | Clark Boyd Facebook0 Linkedin115 Google+13 Twitter 128 In a slew of recent posts on their Analytics blog, Google has announced the removal of the 5 report limit in Data Studio in the US, integration with Search Console, and most recently, enhanced support for AdWords MCC accounts. So what is Data Studio, why has Google focused so much attention on improving it, and what benefits does it provide for marketers? Data Studio: A brief recap Data Studio was launched in beta as part of Google’s Analytics 360 suite in May 2016. The aim of the platform was (and remains) clear: to provide Analytics users with an intuitive, shareable dashboard solution that allows them to make sense of their data. Its functionality reflects this purpose. Users can drag and drop a range of graphs and charts onto a blank canvas, then populate them using the dimensions, metrics and goals from their GA account. As such, anyone familiar with Google Analytics should be able to create polished, professional dashboards to help inform their business decisions. Data Studio delivers on that promise, but the restrictive 5 dashboard limit and a lack of platform integrations curbed its widespread uptake last year beyond the expensive 360 Suite. However, these recent announcements go some way to creating a solution with universal appeal. Data Studio integrations Following the announcement of Search Console integration and enhanced MCC support, the list of connectors (connections to a specific type or source of data) now looks as follows: Marketers who have adopted the full suite of Google products will find a wide variety of new opportunities for data analysis and reporting here. The addition of Search Console support brings SEO into the fold too, adding the capability to show keyword-level performance through impression, clicks and CTR data. Furthermore, the MCC updates provide two new benefits: Users can now select up to 75 sub-accounts to include within their dashboard, rather than having to connect the whole account Currency fields are removed if they differ across sub-accounts, removing some of the difficulties seen when Google aggregates multiple currencies into one report. The addition of Search Console support to Google Data Studio adds the capability to show keyword-level performance through impression, clicks and CTR data Share this article Facebook0 Linkedin115 Google+13 Twitter 128 Related articles The psychology of search intent: Converting moments that matter How can you successfully set up an efficient business blog on a very tight budget? Five most interesting search news stories of the week What's been going on with Google's mobile indexing? But what about non-Google products? Do they integrate with Data Studio? Yes, albeit in a slightly roundabout fashion. Eagle-eyed readers may have noticed Google Sheets among the list of available connectors. So if data from Facebook, for example, is scheduled to export automatically to Sheets, this information will then be included within your Data Studio dashboard quite seamlessly. Although not as direct an integration as other enterprise-level reporting suites can provide, this is still a hugely beneficial capability. Moreover, the customizable, intuitive nature of Data Studio should make up for this inefficiency among a large user base. Does this mean the democratization of data analysis? At a basic level, it might do – and this is a platform designed to engage novices, after all.  But if the improvements keep coming at the recent pace, we could be looking at a very powerful contender for more advanced data analysts too. These highly customizable reports also allow users to circumvent many of the inefficiencies that arise from searching in GA to collect data, synthesize it and then produce compelling visualizations. This is clearly good news for marketers and business owners alike, removing some of the barriers to entry for useful, everyday data analysis. Clark Boyd is VP Strategy at Croud, a global digital performance agency. Want to stay on top of the latest search trends?Get top insights and news from our search experts. Subscribe Related reading What were Google’s biggest search algorithm updates of 2016? While we’re still piecing together lessons from last year's wins and losses, here is a visual and entertaining summary of Google’s moves in 2016 that might well help us in predicting where SEO will take us in 2017. Industry SEO 08 Feb 17 | Rohan Ayyar Seven tools to help you run multichannel digital marketing campaigns Faced with a constant deluge of information and brand messaging, it has become a necessity for companies to be in front of customers’ eyes more than ever before, thanks to perpetual connectivity. Analytics Industry 07 Feb 17 | Rohan Ayyar Six steps to a stronger online brand When it comes to maintaining a brand, any good marketer will tell you that reputation management is key. But it's not just about monitoring what others say about your business; it's also making sure you know how to prevent reputation crisis by building a stronger brand. Development SEO 06 Feb 17 | Ann Smarty How digital marketers can take advantage of Valentine’s Day More than 50% of adults celebrate Valentine's Day, which means that this is a great opportunity for marketers to promote their products in the most appealing way. PPC SEO 06 Feb 17 | Tereza Litsa Tags Analytics | data analysis | Google Analytics | Google Data Studio | Google search console Sign up for SEW Daily Daily news and insights about search engine marketing, SEO and paid search. Subscribe Visit us on: rhc-mpu-ad-slot1 Comments rhc-mpu-ad-slot2 Most Popular Say goodbye to Google: 14 alternative search engines Say goodbye to Google with these 14 alternative search engines, covering everything from information, images, videos, facts and stats. Oh and Gifs. Going over to the duck side: a week using DuckDuckGo I’ve heard about DuckDuckGo a few times over the years, mostly as a name uttered in hushed whispers behind closed doors – “You don’t have to use Google. There is another way.” How to write meta title tags for SEO (with good and bad examples) What is a title tag? How do you write one? Why are title tags important? Do they actually help with search engine optimisation? How to write meta descriptions for SEO (with good and bad examples) What is a meta description? How do you write one? Why are meta descriptions important? Do they actually help with search engine optimisation? Can I see some good and bad examples? Want to stay on top of the latest search trends?Get top insights and news from our search experts. Subscribe Click here to advertise with us Powered By ClickZ Group Limited All rights reserved 1 Hammersmith Broadway London, W6 9DL editorial@clickz.com CATEGORIES Industry SEO PPC Analytics Social Local Mobile Video Content Development Home About SEW Contact SEW Advertise on SEW Site Map Website Terms of Use Copyright & Licensing Privacy policy Cookie & Privacy Policy Friend's email Message  https://searchenginewatch.com/2017/02/13/how-do-the-recent-updates-to-google-data-studio-benefit-marketers/ Send × Want to stay on top of data & analytics trends? Get top insights and news from our data & analytics experts.Delivered to you daily, straight to your inbox. Subscribe No thanks, I am not interested No thanks. Ask me later please Close
7 °C Athlone Home News Events Sponsored Editorial eZine Weather Sport Sport Stars Entertainment Puzzles Gallery Jobs ePaper Supplements Shop Local More Contact Us News Vote now for Lucy's Doodle! Tuesday, 14th February, 2017 3:14pm Jump to comments Voting to crown the winner of this year’s Doodle 4 Google competition is now open and the public has just two weeks to cast their votes with the poll closing next Tuesday, February 21. Over 4,200 students across the country picked up their pens, pencils and crayons to enter this year’s competition with 75 finalists being shortlisted. Lucy Shine from Coosan National school in Westmeath is still in with the chance of becoming this year’s overall Doodle 4 Google champion. This year, students were asked to design a Doodle based on the theme of ‘If I could create anything it would be…’ with the winning Doodle appearing on the Google homepage in April. A panel of judges had the difficult task of selecting the 75 finalists from the thousands of entries that were received, the panel included John McDaid, Creative Director of Dog Ears, a children’s media company based in Derry who make TV, apps, books and events for kids, Aoife Doyle, Director and Co-founder of Pink Kong studios which is an award winning Dublin-based animation studio that creates branded animated entertainment for TV, games, film and advertising houses and Dr Andreas Bandelli, CEO of Science Gallery International.The five most popular doodles, one from each age category, will go forward to the grand final on April 3 where the overall winner will be announced. Fionnuala Meehan, VP and head of Google in Ireland said, “The level of entries this year has given our judging panel a tough job to do. I really enjoyed seeing what the entrants did with this year’s theme as it gave them the opportunity to create anything they wanted and looking at the entries they show a lot of fantastic innovative ideas. Now it’s up to the public to get involved and help choose this year’s winner by visiting the Doodle 4 Google website and voting for their favourite doodle”. Members of the public can vote for their favourite Doodle on https://doodles.google.ie/d4g/. Voting will close at midnight on February 21.  Read 2343 Email Print Latest Gallery WSA’16 Facebook Frame Fun Stay up-to-date with the latest news from around the county with a Westmeath Independent epaper subscription from €2.20* Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Previous Story Local Operation Transformation supremo relishes a challenge 14 Feb 2017South Roscommon woman is an inspiration Next Story Introducing the 2017 Westmeath Style Awards 15 Feb 2017Gala event set for Sheraton Athlone Hotel Thursday February 16th09:49 AM Athlone 7°C Rain Real Feel 1°C 18 km/h - W ePaper Subscription Desktop, Tablet & Smartphone friendly Group Publications History-making Meath target camogie victory in Limerick Kentstown player facing a hectic schedule home and away Business Woman of the Year 2016: Alma Jordan of AgriKids I probably would not do it again - Garda Whistleblower Full list of Offaly Person of the Year nominees revealed Fatal road traffic accident near Kilcormac Staff effort helped Collinstown firm earn new ISO qualification Catscan machine breakdown sorted ESB commits to resolve local power outages Call for increased Garda presence 70-year-old child molester given jail term Mayo man faces murder charge Explore Our Range Of ServicesShop LocalWestmeath Independent JobsBook an AdDigital EditionPhotostore Cookies on Westmeath Independent website We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. We also use cookies to ensure we show you advertising that is relevant to you. If you continue without changing your settings, we'll assume that you are happy to receive all cookies on the Westmeath Independent website. However, if you would like to, you can change your cookie settings at any time by amending your browser settings. How does Westmeath Independent use cookies? Cookies enable us to identify your device, or you when you have logged in. We use cookies that are strictly necessary to enable you to move around the site or to provide certain basic features. We use cookies to enhance the functionality of the website by storing your preferences, for example. We also use cookies to help us to improve the performance of our website to provide you with a better user experience. We don't sell the information collected by cookies, nor do we disclose the information to third parties, except where required by law (for example to government bodies and law enforcement agencies). Hide Message Menu Home News Sport Entertainment Shop Local Jobs ePaper Photostore About Us Terms of Use Privacy Accessibility PCI Info Contact Us Sitemap Other Titles Meath Chronicle The Anglo Celt Offaly Independent Westmeath Examiner Your Forum Connaught Telegraph Group Websites Celtic Media Group Celtic Media Print
CNET Reviews Best Products Appliances Audio Cameras Cars Networking Desktops Drones Headphones Laptops Phones Printers Software Smart Home Tablets TVs Virtual Reality Wearable Tech Web Hosting Forums News Apple Computers Deals Google Internet Microsoft Mobile Photography Security Sci-Tech Tech Culture Tech Industry Photo Galleries Video Forums Video Apple Byte CNET Top 5 How To Googlicious Smart Home Tech Today News Next Big Thing Special Features CNET Podcasts Laptops Phones Tablets TVs How To Appliances Computers Gaming Home Entertainment Internet Mobile Apps Phones Photography Security Smart Home Tablets Wearable Tech Forums Speed Test Smart Home Best smart home devices How To News Tour our smart apartment Tour our smart house Product Compatibility Amazon Alexa Apple HomeKit Belkin WeMo Google Home Lutron Nest Philips Hue Samsung SmartThings Wink Cars Car Reviews Best Cars New Cars Used Cars Deals Cheapskate Best Tech Under $50 All Deals Tech Deals Non-Tech Deals Audio Deals Cell Phone Deals Desktop Deals Laptop Deals Hard Drive & Storage Deals Printer Deals Tablet Deals Camera Deals Monitor Deals Software Deals TV Deals Web Hosting VPN Services WordPress Hosting Domain Names Download Join CNET Member Benefits Sign In to CNET Signed in as My Profile My Profile Forums Sign Out Australia China France Germany Japan Korea United Kingdom US Editions English Español Commentary How I recovered from my $3,000 MacBook battery bummer CNET's Stephen Shankland endured weeks of angst and frustration with his new laptop so you don't have to. Computers by Stephen Shankland February 14, 2017 5:00 AM PST @stshank Enlarge Image Apple's Touch Bar-equipped 15-inch MacBook Pro debuted in 2016. Stephen Shankland/CNET It took six weeks of tech support calls, power usage monitoring and Genius Bar diagnostics, but I'm finally convinced my new MacBook Pro isn't an expensive mistake. And what I've learned along the way can help you, too -- regardless of what laptop you're using. I bought a 15-inch Touch Bar-equipped MacBook Pro sight unseen late last year, confident that performance improvements, Apple's superior trackpads and better portability would justify the upgrade from its 2012-era predecessor. But my pleasure at the speed-up evaporated when I noticed within the first week how fast the machine drained its battery. My heart sank when the revamped Mac design lasted only 3 hours, 7 minutes on battery in my first formal test just doing routine work -- chores in Google's Chrome browser, chiefly, but also a few minutes on power-hungry photo editing. This was not supposed to be what happened when one of the biggest reasons I upgraded was to replace the feeble, worn-out battery in the old machine. I feared my Apple was a lemon. It wasn't just me, though, as evidenced by forum fretting and some cases of customer returns. But with help from Apple techies and a lot of testing, I reached a different conclusion: The MacBook's terrific new screen, which maxes out at a significantly brighter level, was gobbling watts despite a more energy-efficient design. There are other factors, but dialing down the brightness helped me once again work all day on a single charge. For full details, check CNET's tips on how to get your MacBook Pro battery to last all day. Overall, I'm satisfied. Still, the experience made it clear that even top tech companies like Apple, Google and Adobe Systems still have lots of work to do delivering products that minimize power consumption. And it's disappointing how often power-saving techniques mean micromanaging your machine or doing without useful features. A decade after the iPhone launch, it's time to assume your customers will be unplugged from the power socket more often than not. Hopes dashed Apple boasts of battery life "up to 10 hours" on two tests -- "wireless web" and "iTunes movie playback." When my Mac fell far short, I started investigating. Apple's Activity Monitor utility initially showed disappointing battery-life scores. Screenshot by Stephen Shankland/CNET I was not encouraged by posts like the explanation from developer Jeff Geerling on why he returned his MacBook Pro or the dozens of pages of commentary on Apple's support site. I spoke to others, too. Duarte Cunha Rosa, a lawyer in Portugal, was distressed when his new 13-inch MacBook Pro wouldn't last more than 5 hours, and Apple tech support couldn't help. "When asked if I wanted to return it, I did," he said, pulling his 6-year-old Mac back into service. "I'm seriously blanking on what my next move is." I ran daily tests for weeks to try to understand what was happening. They weren't the most rigorous, since my daily work habits fluctuate, but most days I use the same thing: one or two dozen browser tabs for Google Docs, Gmail, Google Calendar, Twitter, Facebook, blog posts and other information sources; Slack for work chitchat; and Adobe Lightroom and Photoshop for short bursts of photo editing. Apple's Safari browser fared a little better than Chrome, which did better than Brave, which did better than Firefox, but none did well. I edit lots of photos outside work, which is why I bought such an expensive machine in the first place, but Lightroom lasted only three hours on the battery. Things were bad enough that I started carrying a Microsoft Surface Book when I knew I'd be working out of the office. It's slower at photo editing than the Mac, but it lasted all day on battery. The MacOS 10.12.3 update that fixed Consumer Reports' complaint didn't help. But Apple did. My initial interactions with Apple, including hours on the phone with tech support and two trips to stores to get my hardware evaluated, yielded only comic relief: One Apple-authorized repair store asked if I had a USB-C dongle so it could run a test, and Apple's own Genius Bar had to hook two dongles together to connect my Mac to their network cable. Eventually, though, we got to the heart of the problem. Hopes restored Screen brightness turned out to be the biggest factor in getting my battery back -- much more than I'd expected. The new 2016 MacBook Pro screen is 67 percent brighter than its predecessor's, and I'd been running it bright. Sure enough, dialing it down made a world of difference. I get 10 hours most days at a brightness setting of 8 to 10 out of 16. When using Safari and an uncomfortably dim setting of 5 or 6, I got 12 hours. The 2016 MacBook Pro Touch Bar lets you dim the laptop's screen to save power. James Martin/CNET Screen dimming isn't a new idea. But it may make more of a difference here. Although the new MacBook Pro's screen is 30 percent more efficient, it can run brighter, and the new model has a smaller 76 watt-hour battery, compared with 99.5 watt-hours on the 2015 model and 95 watt-hours for my 2012 predecessor. I learned more from Apple -- like avoiding USB devices when possible. For me, the guilty parties were my Ethernet dongle, memory card reader and external hard drives -- even though the drives had their own power supplies. The problem is that any of these devices wake up the parts of the computer's communication system that otherwise snooze in a low-power state. Stick with Wi-Fi when you can. Also on the list is the keyboard backlight -- dim it or shut it off -- and dongles with built-in chips, for example to convert video signals to HDMI. They might not consume much, but it all adds up. After all, the glowing Apple logo on earlier Mac laptop lids didn't consume much power either, but efficiency is one one reason Apple scrapped it. Also, when possible, avoid software that uses the separate but more power-hungry high-performance graphics chip that's now standard in 15-inch MacBook Pros. Adobe's Lightroom, Photoshop and Acrobat each demand this high-performance GPU (I monitored with the handy gfxCardStatus utility) even when they're idling in the background, and non-Safari browsers are more likely to fire it up. Some sites, like Google Maps, keep it on and leave it on, while others only flip it on for a few seconds. So close browser tabs and software you're not using. Apple doesn't let Safari use the high-performance GPU, a battery-saving restriction. That can cause problems with graphics-intense sites -- a rougher time moving around in Google Maps' 3D view, for example, or slower frame rates on the ShaderToy site. But it's easy to see why Apple made the decision it did. Chrome is working to deliver the best of both worlds, with updates to be gentler on the GPU, for example by using the lower-power GPU more often and switching tabs to it when they're in the background. Reducing power usage is a "top priority for Chrome in 2017," said Chrome product manager Rachel Popkin. "We have a bunch of people working on it." And Adobe expects improvements that will optimize how its software uses graphics chips to improve battery life on Macs, the company said. That's great news. For me, the improvements can't come soon enough. Because I may be happier than a month ago, but I'm still not leaving my laptop charger at home. Does the Mac still matter? Apple execs tell why the MacBook Pro was over four years in the making, and why we should care. It's Complicated: This is dating in the age of apps. Having fun yet? These stories get to the heart of the matter. Share your voice 0 comments Tags Apple Computers MacOS Adobe Google Microsoft CNET Review Google Maps (Android) Google Maps for Android was just rebuilt from the ground up, and now it looks better, has more features, and offers a custom experience for individual users. As good as it is, though, it still has a bit of room for improvement See it Apple All the latest Apple news, featuring developments on the iPhone, iPad, Macbooks, OS X and much more. Feb 15 D-Link sells first Apple HomeKit security camera Feb 15 New Mac malware linked to Russian hackers of US election Feb 15 iPhone 8: Everything we know so far about the 10th-anniversary edition of Apple's historic phone Feb 15 Apple vs. FBI one year later: Still stuck in limbo All Apple Stories More stories MacBook Pros with Touch Bars banned from law exams Microsoft won't fix the most frustrating thing about Windows Google confirms all new Chromebooks will support Android apps Raspberry Pi gives makers more power with the Compute Module 3 Close   Discuss: How I recovered from my $3,000 MacBook battery... Conversation powered by Livefyre Up Next: Technically Literate: Down to Mars T-Mobile strikes back in battle for best unlimited plan Which carrier offers the best unlimited plan? Here's a quick breakdown of prices and what to consider when going with the major US carriers. by Bridget Carey 2:26 Facebook unmutes news feed videos, T-Mobile bites back The biggest tech news of the day includes Facebook's unmuting of news feed videos, T-Mobile's quick response to Verizon's introduction of unlimited plans and Microsoft's Brad Smith calling for a "Digital Geneva Convention." by Jeff Bakalar 1:12 Close Drag CNET © CBS Interactive Inc.  /  All Rights Reserved. About CNET Privacy Policy Ad Choice Terms of Use Mobile User Agreement Help Center
Please enable JavaScript in your browser to enjoy a better experience. Hongkiat.com Main Menu Design / Dev Technology Inspiration Social Commerce All Deals Search Hongkiat for: Reveal Search Form Reveal Off-canvas Navigation React MDL Merges React with Material Design Lite Published by Jake Rocheleau, in Coding Google recently put out a library called Material Design Lite which is a frontend resource for developers. It automatically styles any website using the material design guidelines with pre-built CSS and JS. React.js: 14 Tools & Resources for Web Developers React.js: 14 Tools & Resources for Web Developers The popularity of React.js has been rapidly growing since Facebook first released the library back in 2013. It's…Read more This is a popular framework for simple dev projects. React MDL combines Google’s framework with the React library to make a well-rounded frontend resource. Google’s material design is clearly the future of UI/UX in the world of Google. And with Material Design Lite it’s easier than ever to implement these features onto any website with a proprietary open source library. React is also by far the most popular frontend JS framework used for frontend view components. With React MDL you can merge these React components with the MDL library to get a view much like you’ll find in Google’s online documentation. Here’s a sample article template so you can get a feel of how this looks. This page doesn’t have many React components but it demonstrates the aesthetic of material design. You’ll find a lot more action on this demo built using React components. You can actually find more info about Material Design Lite on the GitHub repo if you’re curious to learn more. From there you can download the raw CSS and JS to implement into your page which automatically supports all modern browsers and graceful degradation. Unfortunately since React MDL is still fairly new it doesn’t have full support for all components. But you can see a full list here including small demos for each one. This also includes bits of source code that you can copy/paste into your own projects as needed. I would not recommend learning React MDL until you already feel comfortable with both libraries. The Material Design Lite suite is pretty simple to start but React is much more complex. To learn more about MDL check out the FAQ page on their official site. It offers tips on where to use MDL, which features it offers, and how it can fit into a typical webdev workflow. But truthfully even if you don’t understand React very well you can still get by with all the samples on the components page. For example the textfield page has working textfields using material design but with React code snippets. Feel free to play around and see what you can build. Both libraries are completely free and open source for all projects whether personal or commercial. You can find out more from the React MDL GitHub page if you want to study the source and dive in. Getting Started with React.js Getting Started with React.js React.js is a flexible and component-based JavaScript library for building interactive user interfaces. It was created and open-sourced…Read more © 2007‐2017 Hongkiat.com (HKDC). All Rights Reserved. Reproduction of materials found on this site, in any form, without explicit permission is prohibited. Publishing policy ‐ Privacy Policy Close Search Search Hongkiat Facebook Twitter Instagram Pinterest LinkedIn Google+ Youtube Reddit Dribbble Behance Github CodePen Email
Neowin Login Sign up News Latest Microsoft Google Apple Software Android Wear 2.0 isn't coming to SmartWatch 3, confirms Sony 29 minutes ago Huawei P10 leaked in blue, gold and green ahead of Mobile World Congress reveal 1 hour ago Hip to be square: LG's G6 teaser shows how its unique 'Full Vision' display could work 3 hours ago Apple may ditch the home button for new "function area" 3 hours ago View all recent news Sticky Notes for Windows 10 now let's you make a new note from the taskbar 4 hours ago Microsoft Authenticator beta updated on iOS; now allows users to edit accounts 4 hours ago You can enter the Halo Wars 2 launch drawing for prizes and catch a live stream on the 16th 5 hours ago Halo Wars 2 limited edition prints will be available for sale starting February 16 5 hours ago View all Microsoft news Moto G5 and G5 Plus specs and pictures leak ahead of Mobile World Congress 13 hours ago Google I/O dates officially revealed; application process will start February 22 13 hours ago Google ordered to pay $20 million for Chrome's infringement of anti-malware patents 14 hours ago Samsung's Chromebook Plus is now available for pre-order Feb 15, 2017 View all Google news Apple may ditch the home button for new "function area" 3 hours ago Microsoft Authenticator beta updated on iOS; now allows users to edit accounts 4 hours ago Apple to oppose 'right to repair' law in Nebraska, saying users might hurt themselves 23 hours ago Apple releases the first trailer of its reality show 'Planet of the Apps' Feb 14, 2017 View all Apple news PicPick 4.2.3 11 minutes ago MusicBrainz Picard 1.4 13 hours ago WinSCP 5.9.4 14 hours ago Internet Download Manager 6.27 Build 5 15 hours ago View all software news Features Reviews Editorials Unboxings Trending Review: Amazfit Pace is an activity tracker that needs to hit the gym for some massive gains Feb 14, 2017 Review of Synology's Surveillance Station, a free IP camera tool for Synology NAS devices Feb 13, 2017 Oukitel U20 Plus review: Dual-lens camera for under $100 Feb 6, 2017 A review of the Oukitel U13 - jump in the low end Feb 6, 2017 View all reviews Looking back: In 2016, Microsoft became one of the most exciting companies in the tech world Dec 31, 2016 Redmond delights: 10 reasons to be excited about Microsoft's future Nov 14, 2016 Editorial - When replacing your Samsung Galaxy Note7, consider these replacement options Oct 16, 2016 Editorial - Horde 3.0 changed my mind about Gears of War 4 Sep 7, 2016 View all editorials Unboxing Logitech's new BRIO webcam, which supports Windows Hello, 4K streaming, and more Feb 12, 2017 First 24: Hands-on with Samsung's Gear S3 classic Nov 26, 2016 Spectre x360 (2016) unboxing and first impressions: HP may have a winner Nov 12, 2016 Alcatel IDOL 4S with Windows 10 unboxing and first impressions Nov 4, 2016 View all unboxings OnePlus does it again by releasing a truly cringeworthy ad Feb 15, 2017 Samsung releases 128GB "Black Pearl" S7 edge in New Zealand with bonus 256GB microSD card Feb 15, 2017 Microsoft: Windows 10 Mobile builds will keep coming "beyond release of the Creators Update" 16 hours ago Adobe Flash Player 24.0.0.221 Feb 14, 2017 View all trending news Forums Deals Recent Highlights Interests On a Budget Get this Microsoft Programming Certification Training Bundle for just $49 via Neowin Deals 19 hours ago Get a lifetime subscription to the Virtual Training Company for just $89 via Neowin Deals Feb 14, 2017 Get this Complete IT Cloud Architect Training Bundle for just $49 via Neowin Deals Feb 13, 2017 Become a Professional Python Programmer for just $11.70 via Neowin Deals Feb 10, 2017 View all recent deals Best Sellers Pay What You Want Gear + Gadgets Software Bundles View all Neowin Deals For Developers Productivity Accessories E-Learning View all Neowin Deals Under $20 Freebies Giveaways View all Neowin Deals More Subscribe Store Chat on IRC Send Tip Write for Neowin About Us Advertising Facebook Twitter Follow @neowinfeed Google+ You can now control your smart home devices directly from Google Assistant By Muhammad Zaid Tariq Neowin LLC @@M_Zaid_T · Feb 11, 2017 with 0 comments Google has been consistently trying to improve Google Assistant - the company's recent venture into AI on the smartphone. The company has now rolled out a new update for Assistant on Google Pixel, which introduces a new feature called "Home Control", allowing it to control smart home devices like Philips Hue, Honeywell, Belkin’s WeMo, Nest, and Samsung SmartThings. "Home Control" on Google Assistant With the introduction of this feature, you do not need to invest $129 for Google Home. Home Control brings the ability to control all the devices from one place, eradicating the need to manage separate dedicated apps for each device. Furthermore, users can also give Assistant voice commands in order to control their smart home devices. You can manually access Home Control by simply going into the settings of Google Assistant and tapping "Home Control". This will display a list of synchronized devices - more devices can also be added using the "+" symbol at the bottom. Currently, only Pixel and Pixel XL owners can utilize this feature. With Google's plans to roll out Assistant to more devices in the future, the LG G6 may be next in line to sport it along with Android TV, if rumors are to be believed. Source and image: The Verge Tags Google Google assistant Home control Smart devices Pixel Assistant Like Tweet Share Share Report a problem with article Previous Story Microsoft: Windows 10 is the 'most secure' version of Windows, touts security enhancements Next Story Samsung Gear S2 classic with 4G receives massive discount Advertisement Community Activity Refresh Oklahoma Man Arrested in Police "Chase" @ 208mph in a Mustang in The Neobahn OnePlus does it again by releasing a truly cringeworthy ad in Front Page News Android Wear 2.0 isn't coming to SmartWatch 3, confirms Sony in Front Page News Hip to be square: LG's G6 teaser shows how its unique 'Full Vision' display could work in Front Page News PicPick 4.2.3 in Front Page News Not just Surface Book: Microsoft raises Surface Pro 4 UK prices by up to 12% due to Brexit in Front Page News Microsoft commits to complying with the EU's GDPR across its cloud services by May 25, 2018 in Front Page News Half-Life 3 confirmed! Oh, wait... no, Valve staff is just messing with you in Front Page News Trending Stories OnePlus does it again by releasing a truly cringeworthy ad Feb 15, 2017 with 38 comments Samsung releases 128GB "Black Pearl" S7 edge in New Zealand with bonus 256GB microSD card Feb 15, 2017 with 5 comments Microsoft: Windows 10 Mobile builds will keep coming "beyond release of the Creators Update" 16 hours ago with 21 comments Adobe Flash Player 24.0.0.221 Feb 14, 2017 with 10 comments Related Stories Android Wear 2.0 officially launches, rolling out to "supported watches in the coming weeks" Feb 8, 2017 LG's Android 2.0 smartwatches will offer Android Pay and Google Assistant Feb 7, 2017 Google may pluck the Google Now launcher from the Play Store Feb 4, 2017 Google's next Pixel will arrive with improved specs, possibly with a cheaper sibling Jan 28, 2017 deals VPN Unlimited: Lifetime Subscription $499.99 $29.99 94% off Xamarin Cross Platform Development Bundle $1,046.00 $35.00 97% off Big Data and Hadoop Analytics Certification Bundle $799.00 $59.00 93% off The Complete Android N Developer Course - Build 17 Apps $200.00 $17.00 92% off Scrivener for Windows $40.00 $20.00 50% off Show Comments 0 Comments - Add comment Sort by oldest first (thread view) Sort by newest first (thread view) Sort by oldest first (linear view) Sort by newest first (linear view) Advertisement Report Comment Close Please enter your reason for reporting this comment. BBCode Helper Close The following codes can be used in comments. [b]bold[/b] [i]italics[/i] [u]underline[/u] [s] strikethrough[/s] [url]link[/url] [img]imageurl[/img] [quote]text[/quote] Company Contact Us About Us Write for Neowin Advertising Community Forums Subscribe Chat on IRC Neowin Deals Social Facebook Twitter Google+ YouTube DMCA Policy Terms of Use Privacy Statement © Since 2000 Neowin LLC. All trademarks mentioned are the property of their respective owners. Top of Page Login Close Username or email: Password Remember me Sign In Sign in with Facebook Sign in with Twitter Sign in with Google Sign in with Live ID Loading
Engadget Login Home Gear Gaming Culture Entertainment Science Video Reviews Public Access Buyer's Guide Log in Sign up Show More Results Engadget 3 related articles Login Reddit mixes up its front page with new 'r/Popular' subreddit CNN broadcasts on YouTube after TV ban in Venezuela Republicans hope to overturn internet privacy rules Latest in Culture Reddit mixes up its front page with new 'r/Popular' subreddit 1h ago View CNN broadcasts on YouTube after TV ban in Venezuela 6h ago View Republicans hope to overturn internet privacy rules 8h ago View Facebook now lets companies post job listings 9h ago View Image credit: save Save share Google has been asked to take down over a million websites Including a ton of online pirating sites and The White House. Tom Regan, @grapedosmil 02.14.17 in Internet Comments 2102 Shares Share Tweet Share Save After years spent attempting to clean the internet's murky waters, Google's latest transparency report reveals it has now received takedown requests for over a million different sites. With its individual URL removal request count now reaching the billions, these new figures suggest that pirates now have more options than ever when it comes to stealing digital cargo. The number of takedown requests are up significantly from last year, thanks in part to copyright-holder's increasingly widespread use of algorithms that automatically inform Google of copyright-infringing content. While the numbers are staggering, it's hardly surprising that the world's most popular search engine gets inundated with requests to remove illegal content from its search results. What is unexpected, however, is that the report shows sites like The White House and The U.S Department of Justice have had repeated requests to remove their content. The U.S Government isn't alone though, with legitimate sites like NASA, Netflix, the BBC and The New York Times also regularly making the naughty list. Some of these baffling requests can of course, be chalked down to copyright software errors, but interestingly, Google's transparency reports also expose governments that are trying to censor certain content. With political articles and videos regularly coming under fire from governments around the world, transparency reports allow citizens to easily keep tabs on their government. Other reports, however, are less nefarious. A site that's no stranger to being unjustly harassed by copyright holders is the movie database site, IMDB. Where most legitimate sites get accidental reports in the dozens, In recent years the popular movie page has had requests to remove over 1000 of its URLs. Unsurprisingly, Google refused to remove the site's URLs from search results. Still, the vast majority of these copyright infringements can undoubtedly be linked with a rise in piracy. With US internet service providers recently abandoning their piracy warning system before the UK has even implemented the policy, it seems as though making piracy sites harder to find is currently many rights' holders best option. Via: Torrent Freak Source: Google In this article: culture, google, internet 2102 Shares Share Tweet Share Save Comments Sign In 18m 18m ago in Business 'EverQuest' co-creator joins Amazon Games Studio in San Diego John Smedley will lead a team in AGS' new Southern California offices. By D. Lumb,  18m ago save Save share View 1h 1h ago in Internet Reddit mixes up its front page with new 'r/Popular' subreddit Hopefully, posts from outsider communities will more easily rise to the top. By D. Lumb,  1h ago save Save share View 2h 2h ago in Art Pixar opens a free Khan Academy course on storytelling It's the latest installment in a series of free courses from the studio. By M. Moon,  2h ago save Save share View 3h 3h ago in Mobile LG explains why the G6 has a big 'FullVision' display Spoiler: It's for multitasking. By R. Lawler,  3h ago save Save share View 5h 5h ago in Mobile Analyst rumor: iPhone 8 'function area' to replace home button Its 5.8-inch OLED screen is said to have a usable display of about 5.15-inches. By R. Lawler,  5h ago save Save share View More Stories From around the web About About Engadget About Our Ads Advertise Brand Kit Contact Us RSS Feed Sections Reviews Gear Culture Entertainment Gaming Science Public Access Video Podcasts Deals Contribute Public Access Send us a tip! Support International Español 繁體中文 简体中文 日本版 Deutschland UK Apps Android iPhone iPad Join Our Newsletter Subscribe Follow Us © 2017 AOL Inc. All rights reserved. Reprints and Permissions Privacy Policy Terms of Use Trademarks Advertise ear icon eye icon text file
Please enable JavaScript in your browser to enjoy a better experience. Hongkiat.com Main Menu Design / Dev Technology Inspiration Social Commerce All Deals Search Hongkiat for: Reveal Search Form Reveal Off-canvas Navigation 12 Cool Ideas to Recycle Your Old Android Devices Published by Ashutosh KS, in Mobile sole Any old Android device can be casted to your home TV using Google Chromecast. Combined with a Bluetooth controller, it becomes a perfect home-made retro gaming console. This console can be used with Dreamcast, Nintendo 64, Game Boy, Atari and NES games, allowing you to play your favorite childhood retro games. The process is both simple and pocket-friendly with no programming required. Just download one of the below-mentioned console apps on your Android device, connect it to the Bluetooth controller and cast its screen to your TV to enjoy gaming on a large screen. Some of the top emulator apps to make a gaming console are: PPSSPP – PSP emulator MegaN64 My Boy! Free DraStic DS Emulator 2. Baby Monitor An excellent use of an old Android device for new parents is to turn it into a baby monitor. Such a device will allow you to view and hear your baby remotely while you’re working in the office, dining out with family or partying with friends. Most of such apps do more than just providing an audio-visual view of your baby, for example, they keep a track on his or her sleep pattern, play your voice to soothe the baby and even send you alerts via call or message when the baby is crying. Some of the top baby monitor apps for your Android device are: Baby Monitor Dormi – Baby Monitor Baby Monitor 3G Baby Monitor Lite 3. Navigation Device You can transform your Android device into a turn-by-turn navigation system for your car using the navigation apps given below. These apps give various navigation information, like real-time traffic, navigation and people updates etc. to assist you while driving. The added benefit of using a spare device for this purpose is that you can mount it in your car and use its Wi-Fi and GPS capabilities to access maps on the go. Some of the top navigation apps for your device are: Google Maps Navigation Shortcut Maps, Navigation & Directions GPS Navigation 4. VR Headset You can even use your old Android device as a virtual reality headset when combined with Google Cardboard or one of its various clones. Google Cardboard will act as a container for your phone and will display stereoscopic images projected from the inside device. This new headset can provide a virtual reality experience to you without the need of buying a costly one from the market. The below apps offer different interesting experiences for you to enjoy along with creating your own experiences using Cardboard Camera. Some top VR apps for your device are: Cardboard YouTube VR VaR’s VR Video Player VR Cinema for Cardboard 5. Digital Radio There is always something interesting to hear on one of the innumerable online stations or the conventional radio broadcasts. With your old Android device, you don’t need a radio to tune to a radio station – just install one of the following apps and convert your phone into a digital radio. Afterwards, set up your new radio in some corner of your house or mount it in your car and enjoy listening to your favorite radio channels. Some of the top radio apps to convert your device into a digital radio are: TuneIn Radio radio.net Radio Online Simple Radio myTuner Radio 6. E-book Reader Most people use some e-reader app on their smartphones or tablets to catch up on their reading. However, when you’re engrossed in reading on your mobile device, a call, a message alert or a notification may break your momentum. This is where your old Android device may come in handy, as you can simply turn it into a dedicated e-book reader by installing one of the below-mentioned apps. Moreover, repurposing an old device will also save you some bucks if you’re planning to buy an e-book reader in near future. Some top eReader apps for your device are: Amazon Kindle eReader Prestigio Moon+ Reader FBReader 7. Wi-Fi Hotspot Most of the Android devices are capable of being used as Wi-Fi Hotspots and can be used to enable Internet on the wireless devices in the vicinity. There also exist few apps that allow having better control and safer sharing options on the hotspot. If you have an Android device, then follow these steps to activate the hotspot: Open Settings, click Wireless & Networks, go to More and toggle on the slider Tethering & Portable Hotspot to enable the Wi-Fi Hotspot. Do note that the steps may differ if your device’s manufacturer provides a customized version of Android, but you’ll find it somewhere under the “Settings” of your particular device. Some top Wi-Fi Hotspot apps for your device are: Portable Wi-Fi hotspot WiFi Hotspot Wifi Hotspot Free 8. Media Center The old Android device can also be used as a compact and portable media center by simply installing a suitable media app. Such media apps allow you to browse and enjoy photos and videos, music, podcasts and more from local & online storages. Additionally, few media center apps (like Plex) also allow you to stream media from its media server. Hence, if you set up a media center server, you can stream music and movies directly on your portable device without the need to store them on your phone. Some of the top media center apps for your device are: Kodi Plex for Android VLC for Android MX Player 9. Kid-friendly gadget Though you may have outgrown the Android device, it’s still a superior technology for a child. That’s why, turning it into a kid-friendly gadget is a great reuse, that can offer both fun and learning to your kids along with your complete control on the device. All devices running Android 4.2 or above have the feature to create a restrictive profile. You can do so by following these steps: Open Settings, choose Users go to Add user or profile and click Add restricted profile. Using this restricted profile, you can control and restrict the apps and settings your child can access, and thus you can safely handover this device. Some top kid-friendly apps for your device are: YouTube Kids ABC Kids Kids Doodle Kids Songs Video 10. Photo Frame You can mount your old device onto a stand and repurpose it as a digital photo frame. Your new photo frame can show photos and videos from local as well as cloud storage locations. There are also apps that stream images directly from social media profiles (like Facebook, Google+, Twitter, Instagram, etc.) straight to the device. Such apps also have an option to pull public images of your interest from various sources including Flickr, Pinterest, etc. You can place your new photo frame in your bedroom or some other corner of your house to showcase your beautiful moments all day long. Some top photo streaming apps for your device are: Dayframe Pixgram PicMotion Slideshow Maker 11. Media Remote Your old Android device may come in handy if you need a replacement remote for your media center or a better remote for any machine at home. The old device can be configured to work as a media remote after you download and install any remote app given below. This remote could serve as a wireless or touch-screen remote solution that replaces multiple remote controls around your house. Do understand, however, that your old Android device must have an integrated infrared blaster to work like your new remote at home. Some of the top apps to convert your device into a media remote are: Media Remote Video & TV SideView Universal TV Remote Control Remote Control Collection 12. Testing Ground An Android device is any hacker’s dream tool because it’s easy to gain system (or root) access on these devices. You can use your old Android device to install any root-required app and can even flash a custom ROM with a fresh set of features. Such devices also prove an excellent testing ground for self-developed apps. If you’re an Android developer then you can safely use your old Android device to test your own apps. It’s better not to risk bricking your new device for such experiments, after all, right? Some top testing and rooting apps for your device are: Kernel Adiutor (ROOT) SuperSU Root all devices Root Easy Installer Did you get anything ideas? Which is your favorite idea among above? Do you have more such ideas to repurpose your old Android device? Don’t hesitate to share with us using comments, please. 10 Apps To Connect Your Computer To Android Devices 10 Apps To Connect Your Computer To Android Devices In an age of connectivity, we switch from smartphone to tablet to computer multiple times a day for…Read more © 2007‐2017 Hongkiat.com (HKDC). All Rights Reserved. Reproduction of materials found on this site, in any form, without explicit permission is prohibited. Publishing policy ‐ Privacy Policy Close Search Search Hongkiat Facebook Twitter Instagram Pinterest LinkedIn Google+ Youtube Reddit Dribbble Behance Github CodePen Email
Inside Uber: How the company attracts top talent despite its reputation - Erie News Now: News, Weather & Sports | WICU 12 & WSEE Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY Video Gallery Black History Month Social Stream Get Apps Text Alerts LIVE Nat'l News Radar NewsNow MeTV CNN Video Social Stream Money Radar NewsNow NBC LIVE Nat'l News Black History Month CNN Video CBS National/World The Insider Real Estate Election Get Apps School closings Korea Veterans Radar Web Cams Traffic/Airport Get Apps School closings See It, Shoot It Text Alerts Web Cams - Local Roads Buoy Data Prep Champs Text Alerts Win tickets to a Sabres/Penguins Game Watch NBC Sports LIVE Golf Fashion Friday WICU TV Guide What's On NBC MeTV Watch CBS Food Winey Wednesday WSEE TV Listings NBC Mr. Food Contest Wine Radar Giving You The Business Pump Pricer Black History Month School closings MeTV See It, Shoot It The Insider Text Alerts Across the Country Korea Veterans Local business Real Estate Transfers Wine Real Estate Closings Obituaries Great Deals! FAQ Digital Advertising Get Apps Wine News Team Contact Us Feedback Suggestions Jobs EEO Report Caribbean Main Entertainment Money Home/Family Health Food Pets Tech Travel Beauty & Style Auto VideoBytes Press Releases Inside Uber: How the company attracts top talent despite its reputation Posted: Tuesday, February 14, 2017 10:20 AM EST Updated: Tuesday, February 14, 2017 11:05 AM EST Six-year-old "startup" Uber -- valued at an estimated $68 billion -- doesn't rely on fun, quirky perks to attract employees. In fact, despite its reputation for long hours and a limited work-life balance, Uber has enticed some of the most brilliant... By Samantha Murphy Kelly NEW YORK (CNNMoney) -- Silicon Valley lures top-tier talent from all over the world. High salaries, free food and laundry on campus are just a few of the benefits. But six-year-old "startup" Uber -- valued at an estimated $68 billion -- doesn't rely on fun, quirky perks to attract employees. In fact, despite its reputation for for long hours and a limited work-life balance, Uber has enticed some of the most brilliant minds in tech to leave cushy jobs at Google, Facebook and Twitter. The breakneck pace can be grueling, employees admit, but they say Uber offers unique opportunities: "rocket ship" growth, the chance to solve real-world problems and a culture that frees them to experiment with radical solutions in a burgeoning field. "I like to use the analogy of diamonds, which are compressed with heat and pressure for thousands of years," Uber CTO Thuan Pham told CNNTech. "Those who can actually survive and thrive from it come out as diamonds." Uber's San Francisco headquarters is dotted with one-year anniversary balloons tied to worker desks -- a sign that the company is adding an enormous amount of new employees. Uber now employs 10,000 full-time (non-driver) workers and operates in more than 500 cities in 70 countries. "If you're going to leave, people do so within the first year because the pace isn't what they expected or what they're used to," said Neal Narayani, Uber's head of people analytics. Among those who left within the first 12 months is Melanie Curtain, who worked at Uber's Washington, D.C., office as a community manager in 2013. She compared the company's culture to ducks swimming on a pond: seemingly calm from above and working tirelessly under water. "It wasn't unusual to sign online and see people working after midnight and on weekends," she said. "The culture isn't imposed; it just exists. I knew what I was getting into, but it wasn't for me." Narayani agrees: "You have to be a bit of an adrenaline junkie to work here." He himself skydives in his free time. What's more, people with successful backgrounds -- valedictorians and those who have always done well in their careers -- often fail, "possibly for the first times in their lives," Narayani said. Still, Uber can't keep up with job applications, according to Narayani. It has a 4.2 rating on job review site Glassdoor, compared to the average company rating of 3.3. (However, drivers give Uber a 2.9 rating.) Tech companies in general maintain a high approval rate on the site: Facebook earns a 4.5 and Google a 4.4. The rocket ship When CEO Travis Kalanick launched Uber in March 2009, the company faced a steep learning curve. Challenges ranged from dealing with local city regulations and hiring reliable drivers to developing a loyal rider base and scaling at an astronomical rate. Critics have also called Uber's ethics into question. Staffers allegedly posed as Lyft customers to cancel rides and poach drivers, and an executive revealed plans to dig up personal dirt on reporters critical of Uber. More recently, a lawsuit claimed employees misused the platform to track high-profile politicians and celebrities. But Uber's popularity on the ground continues to grow. Although it has emerged from its DIY roots, insiders say the culture and pace have remained relatively intact since the beginning. For example, not long after Andi Pimentel -- chief of staff to chief business officer Emil Michael -- joined Uber in 2012, she was approached by Kalanick, who knew she was from Mexico City. He wanted her to help him launch there. Along with four colleagues, she booked a one-way ticket to Mexico City. In a sort of grassroots effort, the group explained to individual riders how Uber worked, recruited drivers and translated the app into Spanish. Mexico City soon became the company's first Latin American market. "We are much more sophisticated now, but it's things like this that attract people to Uber," Pimental said. "My grandmother, who can't drive, now uses it every Sunday to go to the grocery store in Mexico City. What you work on will have a direct impact on people's lives." When Pham, the Uber CTO, joined from cloud management firm VMware in 2013, he had one mission: Re-engineer the app's code so it could handle extreme growth. Because the app was originally developed by engineers with only a few years of experience, the foundation wasn't suitable for scaling quickly. "What Uber has on top of pace, speed and the cutting-edge aspect of what we do is the compressed timeline -- it forces us to learn quickly and perform at a very high level," Pham said. "A normal [year] here doesn't compare to years somewhere else." As the company has grown, Kalanick keeps his hands in almost every department. He's described as "an approachable leader," but Pham said he also gives autonomy to those he trusts. "[Travis] drives things really hard and has impossibly high expectations," Pham said. "But if he sees the team and an individual make progress -- and there is a history of that -- he pulls back. That is the only way a company can grow this fast." Work-life balance At Uber's start, the company's mostly millennial workforce wasn't married and didn't have children, allowing for more time in the office. That changed as the company expanded -- and grew up. Pham -- who endures a five-hour commute each day traveling to and from San Jose -- tries to make it home by 9 p.m. to see his 10-year-old daughter before bedtime. "I sometimes get back online after," said Pham, who explained his family can't move because his wife's medical practice is based in San Jose. "It takes a village to make it work. I take my daughter to school in the morning and my wife does the afternoon activities." Janelle Sallenave, Uber's head of North America support operations, said her most difficult moment at the company happened this past fall, not long after the relaunch of the rider app. After she flagged the app's slow customer service to Kalanick, the company determined the process needed to be 50 times faster. "T.K. being T.K. said, 'I totally get these issues. Let's get it solved next week,'" she said. "It was like redesigning it from scratch. It was exhausting and exhilarating at the same time. In one week, we had to do something that would have taken four to five months to do somewhere else." Seven days later, Sallenave's team was getting customer inquiries to the right expert within a few minutes, regardless of which office they worked in. "Uber is like dog years ... it's a rocket ship," she said. "When we see something that could move the platform forward, we take the opportunity to do it." Sallenave will soon celebrate her first work anniversary after leaving a consulting job at Charles Schwab. Colleagues were shocked when they learned she was taking a job at Uber. Before taking the job, she discussed with her husband what the role might mean for her home life. Now, she misses dinner with her family a few times a month, but she maintains balance by focusing on work when at work, and home when at home. "When I'm here, I am not stopping to chit chat with a girlfriend," she said. "I wonder how much Cyber Monday was happening at Uber. Probably very little." She also discovered a different Uber on the inside. "Uber is actually warm, friendly and wonderful," she said. "It's not an intense man cave -- that's what people [from the outside] were telling me. These people are smart and they make me want to be smarter." Still, the most common "con" listed on Uber's Glassdoor page is the lack of work-life balance. A former San Francisco-based Uber employee, who spoke to CNNTech on the condition of anonymity, said many engineers complained about being burned out -- and it was hard to be "off the clock" when messages rolled in late. "Uber is going through considerable growing pains as it attempts to transition from a largely decentralized company that knows how to sprint into new markets to one that's more mature, centralized and needs to support its people better," he said. "[Travis'] libertarian ethos runs deep in the culture: Your success is largely contingent on your ability to elbow other people in the face on your way to success." Finding the right fit Uber is especially interested in hiring former entrepreneurs; it currently employs about 200. Before joining the company, Ed Baker -- VP of growth -- founded two dating sites, one of which was acquired by Facebook in 2011 for an undisclosed amount. Baker later spent two years at Facebook focused on growing competitive markets such as Japan and Russia. "I wasn't planning to leave Facebook, but I was attracted to Uber because it's a place for entrepreneurs to be entrepreneurs," said Baker, who met Kalanick at one of the CEO's famous "idea jam sessions" at his home. "Uber today probably feels how Facebook felt years ago," he said. "It's small and chaotic because we are growing so quickly and there is so much going on. You have to be comfortable with that uncertainty." To pick candidates with the right background and personality, Uber built an internal algorithm for the recruiting team that it couples with an extensive vetting process. "I like raw answers. I walk away from people who are too polished," said Komal Mangtani, director of engineering. While employees at other companies may work hard because a manager encourages them to do so, Mangtani said the mentality and approach is different at Uber. "These are real-world problems that need to be solved, whether it's looking into a safety incident or making sure drivers get paid on time so they can pay rent," said Mangtani. But Curtain, the early employee who left just shy of a year, said Uber's desire to "win" in all areas included attracting and keeping talent. "Years ago, someone close to the top discussed Uber's health care policy in a meeting," Curtain said. "He said, 'We would never want to lose talent to another company because they had better healthcare.'" "My impression wasn't so much that it was about keeping employees healthy but about getting and maintaining the best people. Yes, they want to make sure its staff is taken care of, but they want to also win at everything." Taking it personally Despite Uber's success, it's never too far from controversy. Maya Choksi, senior product manager on the driver app, has seen Uber face mountains of issues since she joined in 2012. "The hardest moments [for me] involve negative media attention," she said. "[It] doesn't feel at all reflective of what is happening at the office or what people are trying to do. The intentions can get misconstrued." Recent bad press includes an outcry over Uber's response to Trump's immigration ban. The company turned off surge pricing during a protest at JFK airport in New York City, a move the company said was meant to help protesters get a ride home. But many users assumed it was to capitalize on a taxi stoppage, and #DeleteUber trended widely on social media as people deleted the app from their phones. Choksi said Uber's teams take these incidents personally. Choksi cited one early example: Uber planned to charge riders a fee when drivers were kept waiting, in an effort to ensure drivers were fairly compensated. But users weren't happy, and negative headlines followed. "Those negative moments don't feel good," she said. "I get calls from my family saying, 'Is Uber really like this?' And you feel like you have to defend yourself." But Choksi, like other Uber employees who shared their stories with CNNTech, said both internal and public failures aren't looked down upon at the company. "Because we are solving problems without having other examples to look at, we are encouraged to fail fast and learn and keep tackling," Choksi said. TM & © 2017 Cable News Network, Inc., a Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. 3514 State St. Erie, PA 16508 Newsroom: (814) 454-8812 Business offices: (814) 454-5201 WICU FCC Filing WSEE FCC Filing Sections: Home Weather Sports Video Calendar Finance WICU TV Listings WSEE TV Listings Health Contact Us FAQ Services: Advertise Submit a Story Submit an Event Send Your Feedback Manage Your Account Free Emails    Forecast    Daily Headlines    News    Breaking News Wine Festivals Share: Share Stories Submit your stories to our site! Share Photos Share your photos in our community galleries RSS Feeds Mobile: WICU12/WSEE News App Free Android App Free iPhone App Free iPad App Local Weather App Free Android App Free iPhone App Free iPad App All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 WICU. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service.                    WICU/WSEE - 3514 State Street Erie, PA 16508 - (814) 454-5201 - info@wicu12.com
Neowin Login Sign up News Latest Microsoft Google Apple Software Android Wear 2.0 isn't coming to SmartWatch 3, confirms Sony 29 minutes ago Huawei P10 leaked in blue, gold and green ahead of Mobile World Congress reveal 1 hour ago Hip to be square: LG's G6 teaser shows how its unique 'Full Vision' display could work 3 hours ago Apple may ditch the home button for new "function area" 3 hours ago View all recent news Sticky Notes for Windows 10 now let's you make a new note from the taskbar 4 hours ago Microsoft Authenticator beta updated on iOS; now allows users to edit accounts 4 hours ago You can enter the Halo Wars 2 launch drawing for prizes and catch a live stream on the 16th 5 hours ago Halo Wars 2 limited edition prints will be available for sale starting February 16 5 hours ago View all Microsoft news Moto G5 and G5 Plus specs and pictures leak ahead of Mobile World Congress 13 hours ago Google I/O dates officially revealed; application process will start February 22 13 hours ago Google ordered to pay $20 million for Chrome's infringement of anti-malware patents 14 hours ago Samsung's Chromebook Plus is now available for pre-order Feb 15, 2017 View all Google news Apple may ditch the home button for new "function area" 3 hours ago Microsoft Authenticator beta updated on iOS; now allows users to edit accounts 4 hours ago Apple to oppose 'right to repair' law in Nebraska, saying users might hurt themselves 23 hours ago Apple releases the first trailer of its reality show 'Planet of the Apps' Feb 14, 2017 View all Apple news PicPick 4.2.3 11 minutes ago MusicBrainz Picard 1.4 13 hours ago WinSCP 5.9.4 14 hours ago Internet Download Manager 6.27 Build 5 15 hours ago View all software news Features Reviews Editorials Unboxings Trending Review: Amazfit Pace is an activity tracker that needs to hit the gym for some massive gains Feb 14, 2017 Review of Synology's Surveillance Station, a free IP camera tool for Synology NAS devices Feb 13, 2017 Oukitel U20 Plus review: Dual-lens camera for under $100 Feb 6, 2017 A review of the Oukitel U13 - jump in the low end Feb 6, 2017 View all reviews Looking back: In 2016, Microsoft became one of the most exciting companies in the tech world Dec 31, 2016 Redmond delights: 10 reasons to be excited about Microsoft's future Nov 14, 2016 Editorial - When replacing your Samsung Galaxy Note7, consider these replacement options Oct 16, 2016 Editorial - Horde 3.0 changed my mind about Gears of War 4 Sep 7, 2016 View all editorials Unboxing Logitech's new BRIO webcam, which supports Windows Hello, 4K streaming, and more Feb 12, 2017 First 24: Hands-on with Samsung's Gear S3 classic Nov 26, 2016 Spectre x360 (2016) unboxing and first impressions: HP may have a winner Nov 12, 2016 Alcatel IDOL 4S with Windows 10 unboxing and first impressions Nov 4, 2016 View all unboxings OnePlus does it again by releasing a truly cringeworthy ad Feb 15, 2017 Samsung releases 128GB "Black Pearl" S7 edge in New Zealand with bonus 256GB microSD card Feb 15, 2017 Microsoft: Windows 10 Mobile builds will keep coming "beyond release of the Creators Update" 16 hours ago Adobe Flash Player 24.0.0.221 Feb 14, 2017 View all trending news Forums Deals Recent Highlights Interests On a Budget Get this Microsoft Programming Certification Training Bundle for just $49 via Neowin Deals 19 hours ago Get a lifetime subscription to the Virtual Training Company for just $89 via Neowin Deals Feb 14, 2017 Get this Complete IT Cloud Architect Training Bundle for just $49 via Neowin Deals Feb 13, 2017 Become a Professional Python Programmer for just $11.70 via Neowin Deals Feb 10, 2017 View all recent deals Best Sellers Pay What You Want Gear + Gadgets Software Bundles View all Neowin Deals For Developers Productivity Accessories E-Learning View all Neowin Deals Under $20 Freebies Giveaways View all Neowin Deals More Subscribe Store Chat on IRC Send Tip Write for Neowin About Us Advertising Facebook Twitter Follow @neowinfeed Google+ Google possibly testing some improvements to the Play Store By Usama Jawad Neowin LLC @@UsamaJawad96 · Feb 12, 2017 · Hot! with 4 comments While it's true that the Google Play Store has a lot of apps, it's still not perfect. Over the past couple of years, the company has been consistently updating its app store, adding new features and enhancing existing ones. It lowered the minimum app pricing in 17 countries back in 2015, made some big UI changes, and also introduced a technique which could make the size of app updates smaller by up to 90%. Now, it appears that Google is testing some new improvements in the Play Store, which aren't widespread as of yet. Android Authority reports that the Google Play Store is listing both the sale and original prices of discounted apps. Additionally, it is displaying how long a particular sale will last as well. It's also interesting to note that these "features" were already available in the movies, books, and music sections on the Play Store. However, for some reason, they didn't make it over to the apps and games category. That said, it is worth noting that the alterations don't appear to be quite widespread yet. Only a few discounted apps and games - most of them being DC-themed - are currently showcasing the changes. The changes also appear to carry over to the web listings on Chrome, as can be seen from the photo above. Furthermore, it also seems that Google is lifting the ban which forbade developers to temporarily offer their apps for free, before returning them to their original prices. However, like the aforementioned change, this appears to be limited to only a few apps too. In contrast, it is interesting to see that the Windows Store has boasted these features for quite some time. Play Store customers will likely welcome the changes as a means to improve the overall user experience as well. Source: Android Authority Tags Google Play store Google play Improvements Update Changes Discounted Sale Original Prices Discount Like Tweet Share Share Report a problem with article Previous Story SoftBank-owned ARM Holdings posts increased quarterly revenues Next Story Nintendo announces Splatoon 2 'Global Testfire' event for Switch in March Advertisement Community Activity Refresh OnePlus does it again by releasing a truly cringeworthy ad in Front Page News Android Wear 2.0 isn't coming to SmartWatch 3, confirms Sony in Front Page News Oklahoma Man Arrested in Police "Chase" @ 208mph in a Mustang in The Neobahn Hip to be square: LG's G6 teaser shows how its unique 'Full Vision' display could work in Front Page News PicPick 4.2.3 in Front Page News Not just Surface Book: Microsoft raises Surface Pro 4 UK prices by up to 12% due to Brexit in Front Page News Microsoft commits to complying with the EU's GDPR across its cloud services by May 25, 2018 in Front Page News Half-Life 3 confirmed! Oh, wait... no, Valve staff is just messing with you in Front Page News Trending Stories OnePlus does it again by releasing a truly cringeworthy ad Feb 15, 2017 with 38 comments Samsung releases 128GB "Black Pearl" S7 edge in New Zealand with bonus 256GB microSD card Feb 15, 2017 with 5 comments Microsoft: Windows 10 Mobile builds will keep coming "beyond release of the Creators Update" 16 hours ago with 21 comments Adobe Flash Player 24.0.0.221 Feb 14, 2017 with 10 comments Related Stories The Honor 8 will be updated to Android 7.0 in the US on February 11 Feb 9, 2017 Samsung sheds light on its February security update Feb 7, 2017 February security patches for Android out for supported devices, here's the changelog Feb 7, 2017 Google details how it fights Android malware, even when malware tries to fight back Jan 18, 2017 deals VPN Unlimited: Lifetime Subscription $499.99 $29.99 94% off Xamarin Cross Platform Development Bundle $1,046.00 $35.00 97% off Big Data and Hadoop Analytics Certification Bundle $799.00 $59.00 93% off The Complete Android N Developer Course - Build 17 Apps $200.00 $17.00 92% off Scrivener for Windows $40.00 $20.00 50% off Show Comments 4 Comments - Add comment Sort by oldest first (thread view) Sort by newest first (thread view) Sort by oldest first (linear view) Sort by newest first (linear view) Advertisement Report Comment Close Please enter your reason for reporting this comment. BBCode Helper Close The following codes can be used in comments. [b]bold[/b] [i]italics[/i] [u]underline[/u] [s] strikethrough[/s] [url]link[/url] [img]imageurl[/img] [quote]text[/quote] Company Contact Us About Us Write for Neowin Advertising Community Forums Subscribe Chat on IRC Neowin Deals Social Facebook Twitter Google+ YouTube DMCA Policy Terms of Use Privacy Statement © Since 2000 Neowin LLC. All trademarks mentioned are the property of their respective owners. Top of Page Login Close Username or email: Password Remember me Sign In Sign in with Facebook Sign in with Twitter Sign in with Google Sign in with Live ID Loading
Sections MarTech CMO Social SEM SEO Mobile Analytics Display Email Retail Video Home Submit Follow Us Follow CMO Social SEM SEO Mobile Analytics Display Retail MarTech More Submit Follow SUBSCRIBE Subscribe Marketing Land Rebuilding Trust Facebook opens itself to independent measurement audits Q4 2016 What marketers should know about Twitter’s earnings Subscribe to Marketing Day SUBSCRIBE MarTech CMO Social SEM SEO Mobile Analytics Display Email Retail Video Home CMO Zone The latest analyses, insights and strategies that inspire CMOs and marketers everywhere. SUBSCRIBE Marketing Day: Top 10 YouTube ads, Hootsuite buys AdEspresso & Facebook audits itself Amy Gesenhues on February 10, 2017 at 4:05 pm More Here’s our recap of what happened in online marketing today, as reported on Marketing Land and other places across the web. From Marketing Land: [Podcast] Marketing Land Live #44: A Super Bowl / Hashtag Bowl recap with Brandwatch CMO Will McInnes Feb 10, 2017 by Matt McGee In this week’s show, we talk about the risk brands take when making political statements in their marketing messages, the declining use of hashtags and more. Cool tricks to explore Google’s Knowledge Graph results, featuring Donald Trump Feb 10, 2017 by Tony Edward Whether you want to gain some insight into how Google’s Knowledge Graph works or just want to prank your friends, columnist Tony Edward shows some cool tricks for changing up the SERP display with URL modifiers. Top 10 YouTube Ads in January: Clash Royale spot ranks No. 1 with 11.1M views Feb 10, 2017 by Amy Gesenhues The combined video views for January’s top 10 ads totaled 37.8 million, a significant drop from the 100 million views generated in December. Local SEO in 2017: 5 simple ways to dominate local search Feb 10, 2017 by Sherry Bonelli New to local search? Wondering where to start? Columnist Sherry Bonelli offers five tactics to help you kick off your local SEO campaign. Making the right martech bets [Infographic] Feb 10, 2017 by Liam O’Connor How are leading organizations approaching their marketing technology (martech) strategy? Contributor Liam O’Connor shares an infographic summarizing recent research findings by Lenati and Chiefmartec.com. Google releases Chrome version with the first browser support for WebVR Feb 10, 2017 by Barry Levine New capability means that users no longer need to download an app to view online VR. Hootsuite buys AdEspresso, adds onboard Facebook/Instagram ad management Feb 10, 2017 by Barry Levine The acquisition and new capabilities point to the importance of social ads to social management platforms. Facebook opens itself to measurement audit, gives brands more control over video ad buys Feb 10, 2017 by Tim Peterson Facebook will sell video ads based on the industry’s viewability standard and introduce a new sound-on option. Nielsen’s ‘Digital in TV Ratings’ wins MRC accreditation Feb 10, 2017 by Barry Levine The certification marks another step toward full data equality for online-delivered television. Yelp Q4: earnings beat expectations, but guidance disappoints investors Feb 10, 2017 by Greg Sterling The company will continue to focus on growing its mobile-app user base in 2017. What businesses need to know about the Yelp Elite program Feb 10, 2017 by Brian Patterson If you’re not familiar with the Yelp Elite program, it might be time to bone up on it. Columnist Brian Patterson gets into the nitty-gritty of the program and explains how it can be a boon for marketers and business owners. 3 things you can do to stop (or at least slow) customer churn Feb 10, 2017 by Jordan Elkind Getting your customers to keep coming back is crucial for sustainable growth. Columnist Jordan Elkind outlines three things to keep in mind when setting up a churn prevention program. Create an RFP for your next website project with this step-by-step guide Feb 9, 2017 by Digital Marketing Depot From technology selection to revamped branding, the process of redesigning a website is far more than new colors and content. Proper up-front preparation and a thorough understanding of your goals and needs set you up for long-term success. See the MarTech Conference agenda now Feb 9, 2017 by Marketing Land MarTech returns to the San Francisco Hilton May 9–11. This year’s expanded edition features eight tracks on topics at the intersection of marketing and IT. This unique program blends advanced marketing, technology and management presentations, each designed to help you succeed in our software-powered marketing world. View the complete agenda. Register now! Online Marketing News From Around The Web: Affiliate Marketing CJ Affiliate’s User Experience (UX) Philosophy, Conversant Blog Analytics Three ways brands are using emotional analytics to connect with customers, Econsultancy Blogs & Blogging How to Raise Your Instagram Game for Your Blog, The Blog Herald Business Issues Q&A site Quora clamps down on anonymity – will review content before publishing, restrict actions, TechCrunch Twitter hopes machine learning can save it from oblivion, VentureBeat Content Marketing Do You Have a Plan to Scale Content Creation?, Duct Tape Marketing How Repurposing Content Can Take Your Content Strategy from Good to Great, Convince and Convert The Downsides of Licensed Content, MarTech Advisor Understand How Content is Influencing Buyers: A Primer on Attribution Models, Content Marketing Institute Conversion Optimization How to Increase Conversion Rates On Your Site in 5 Easy Steps, Small Biz Trends Copywriting, Design & Usability WordPress Maintenance Checks to Get Out of the Way Today, WPExplorer Domaining .Ceo and .best to release 1 and 2 character domains, The Domains As expected, .Com/.Net shed 1.9 million domains last quarter, Domain Name Wire E-Commerce Capitalizing on the US online market from overseas, Mobile Commerce Daily Lessons Learned from John Lewis’ Mcommerce Efforts, eMarketer Making the most of multichannel (with data’s help), Econsultancy Email Marketing Super Bowl 2017 Email Report: It’s a Touchdown for Read-Lengths, Movable Ink Blog General Internet Marketing 8 Common Pitfalls of Influencer Marketing (and How to Avoid Them), CMS Wire Alexa, Google: What Does My Brand Sound Like?, AdAge Creative Commons’ New Search Tool is Now in Beta, Pulls CC Images from Multiple Sources, WordPress Tavern Replace the Marketing Funnel: Dig Deeper into Customer Behavior, CMS Wire The Future of Advertising: What Wharton learned from 200 marketing leaders, MarketingSherpa Blog The Next Generation of Influencer Marketing, Marketo What You and Your Brand Stand for Must Be Chrystal Clear, Compukol Internet Marketing Industry MSN Partners with VigLink to Unlock a New Global Revenue Stream, VigLink Announcing CrowdTangle’s Partnership with Reddit, Facebook Media Taptica Named Top 20 Mobile Ad Network for ROI, Taptica Blog TEN: The Enthusiast Network and Tubular Labs Announce Partnership, Business Wire MarTech How brands can use blockchain tech to prove they have integrity, VentureBeat Mobile/Local Marketing 7 Mobile Trends for Business in 2017, The Hub Messaging is missing from luxury brand’s social strategies, Mobile Commerce Daily WhatsApp now using a two-step verification process, Phone Arena Reputation Management Which Is More Important: Technical SEO or Reputation Management?, Search Engine Guide Social Media #LoveHappens on Twitter, Twitter 10 Things You Need to Do When Getting Started on Instagram, Constant Contact Blogs 11 Reasons Your Facebook Ads Aren’t Connecting with Consumers, Search Engine Journal 4 Social Media Resolutions for Small Businesses, Adweek Are Your Facebook and Instagram Friends Inspiring Your Fast-Food Choices?, Adweek Engineering Shop the Look on Pinterest, Pinterest Engineering Facebook can now replace your weather app, TechCrunch Facebook Pixel Adoption: The Ultimate Transition Guide, The AdStage Blog Facebook: We’re not a news outlet. Researchers: Yes, you are, VentureBeat For Twitter, a High-Impact Conundrum, eMarketer How to Get to Know Your Digital Neighborhood on Social, Simply Measured Instagram Stories: How to Create Engaging Stories, Social Media Examiner Snapchat pushes original, unscripted Shows with new A+E Networks deal, TechCrunch The 10 Biggest Twitter Statistics Every Marketer Must Know, MediaKix The 10 Most Social Media Minded CEOs, Conversocial The Importance of the Facebook Pixel, Jon Loomer Digital Video How to Dramatically Increase Views on Embedded Website Videos with One Simple Trick, The Sales Lion How US Brands Can Tap Into China’s Live Streaming Explosion, eMarketer Periscope iOS Update Adds Groups Tab to User Profiles, More, Adweek What Brands Should Do to Ensure That Their Videos on Twitter Attract Attention, Adweek About The Author Amy Gesenhues Amy Gesenhues is Third Door Media's General Assignment Reporter, covering the latest news and updates for Marketing Land and Search Engine Land. From 2009 to 2012, she was an award-winning syndicated columnist for a number of daily newspapers from New York to Texas. With more than ten years of marketing management experience, she has contributed to a variety of traditional and online publications, including MarketingProfs.com, SoftwareCEO.com, and Sales and Marketing Management Magazine. Read more of Amy's articles. Related Topics Channel: CMO ZoneMarketing Day Sponsored We're listening. Have something to say about this article? Share it with us on Facebook, Twitter or our LinkedIn Group. WATCH #SB51 TEASER ADS Attend Our Conferences March 21-23, 2017: SMX West June 2017: SMX Advanced October 24-26, 2017: SMX East × Attend SMX - Click Here Learn More About Our SMX Events Gain new strategies and insights at the intersection of marketing, technology, and management. Our next conference will be held: May 9-11, 2017: MarTech San Francisco October 2-4, 2017: MarTech Boston × Attend MarTech - Click Here Learn More About Our MarTech Events Take the MarTech Quiz Think you know martech? Find out by taking this 3-minute quiz. See how you score and share it with friends! Let's Get Started White Papers User Engagement Top 100 Report: Email Marketing in E-Commerce Diversity is Key to Understanding Corporate Video 6 Steps to Creating High Converting Native Ads The Facebook Advertising Ecosystem The Digital Marketer’s Guide to AI-Powered CRO See More Whitepapers Webcasts Build Your Ultimate Martech Stack Intro to Agile Marketing: Work faster and smarter by changing how you work Creative is Complicated: Tips for better brand/agency collaboration See More Webcasts Research Reports Content Marketing Tools B2B Predictive Marketing Analytics Platforms Social Media Management Software Call Analytics Platforms Paid Media Campaign Management Platforms B2B Marketing Automation Platforms See More Research Get our daily Marketing Day newsletter. SUBSCRIBE Follow Us © 2017 Third Door Media, Inc. All rights reserved.
Sections SEO SEM Mobile Local Retail Google Bing Social Home Submit Follow Us Follow SEO SEM Mobile Local Retail Google Bing Social More Submit Follow SUBSCRIBE Subscribe Search Engine Land AdWords Auctions Here's how Google's own ads impact bids & pricing AMP Change Google makes it easier to share publishers' real URLs Subscribe to SearchCap SUBSCRIBE SEO SEM Mobile Local Retail Google Bing Social Home SEO Everything you need to know about SEO, delivered every Thursday. SUBSCRIBE The impact (and lack thereof) of Google’s mobile popup algorithm Back in August 2016, Google warned that it would be releasing an algorithm to crack down on interstitials on mobile pages. Now that the update has been live for a month, columnist Glenn Gabe shares his findings on the impact. Glenn Gabe on February 10, 2017 at 10:16 am More It’s not often that Google announces an algorithm update in advance. But when they do, not only can webmasters prepare for that update, we can also track its rollout once Google pulls the trigger. That provides a rare opportunity to gauge the impact of the algorithm update and determine what its effects are. That’s exactly what I’ve been doing since January 10, 2017. In August of 2016, Google announced that they would be rolling out an update on January 10, 2017, that could impact URLs employing intrusive mobile popups or interstitials. For example, if a URL presented an interstitial that covered a substantial part of the content, then that URL could be demoted in the mobile search results. The web as a whole cheered, as many users were extremely frustrated by aggressive mobile popups. So, as January approached, many SEOs, webmasters and business owners wondered what the actual impact would be. Would there be mass casualties, minor bumps in the algorithmic road or something in between? Based on Google’s announcement, you would think that sites employing intrusive popups or interstitials would have gotten smoked by the algorithm. That would make sense, but when you’re dealing in an algorithmic world, the devil is in the details. Preparing for the mobile popup algorithm As the rollout neared, I had many questions. Would the update actually work? How extreme would it be? Would there be loopholes? How would it impact branded versus non-branded queries? Would large-scale sites be impacted as much as smaller sites? And so on and so forth. That’s why I prepared for the update by collecting as many sites using mobile popups or interstitials as possible. My goal was to benchmark those sites and then gauge the impact as the mobile popup algorithm rolled out. I’m now tracking close to 70 domains on my mobile popup list — and those sites are across verticals, including news publishers, entertainment, sports, e-commerce retailers, bloggers, music and more. Starting on January 10, I began checking my list twice per day to see which sites were still breaking the rules and which ones weren’t. And for the ones breaking the new Google mobile popup law, how much negative impact would they see? Would they see any impact at all? My travels along the popup algorithm trail My research took me across many sites, both large and small, across many categories and locations. It was fascinating to see which sites raised the white flag and stopped using popups or interstitials and which ones stood their ground and kept them. It was also eye-opening to analyze the various ways websites employed popups and interstitials in this new world (if they kept them). It was enlightening, to say the least. And of course, I was able to see many different types of ads and interstitials, including benign newsletter signups, aggressive ads that take over your screen, autoplay video in popups, broken ads in popups, and even malware and malicious downloads from ads in popups. There were times I felt like I needed battle armor while visiting some sites. Credit: Giphy Below, I’ll cover the impact, the non-impact, the natural side effects of a preannounced Google algorithm update, examples of popups and interstitials, and other interesting notes. So join me on a ride through mobile popup land. January 10, 2017: The rollout begins When the rollout began, I was excited to check my list and determine if there was any impact. As you can guess, there wasn’t much to report on the first day. The algorithm had to fully roll out, so I began checking my list twice per day to gauge the impact. And as I was checking the mobile SERPs, I ended up finding even more sites using mobile popups and interstitials. So my list was naturally growing as time went on. On January 12, I noticed what I believed were the first signs of impact, and I wrote a post to document my findings. My plan was to keep adding findings to that post as I came across more and more impact. Well, that didn’t turn out very well. After some initial movement, there seemed to be very little impact (if any at all). I kept updating my post with disclaimers about the lack of impact I was seeing. I was floored. I thought for sure the domains I was tracking would see some movement, but I was wrong. I checked twice per day, only to see many of the URLs from those domains ranking exactly where they did prior to the rollout. As of today, I’m still not seeing widespread impact. Again, many of the URLs across the domains I’m tracking are ranking exactly where they did prior to the rollout of the mobile popup algorithm. Therefore, I’m officially calling the mobile popup algorithm a dud. Sure, that can change if Google strengthens the algorithm or refines it, but for now, it’s not doing very much. Examples of popups and interstitials still in use You might be wondering what I’m seeing when checking sites. Well, I’ve seen it all since January 10: newsletter signups, popups on scroll, delayed popups, multi-ad interstitials, autoplay video, broken popups, malware, malicious downloads, multiple popups on one page, and so on. Without revealing the sites, here is a potpourri of popups and interstitials I have come across during my travels. These are all from URLs that currently rank highly for competitive keywords — and ranked there before the algorithm update rolled out. Also, the desktop and mobile rankings are equivalent. In other words, I’m not seeing a drop in the mobile SERPs when compared to desktop, which would happen if the mobile popup algorithm were impacting rankings. I’ll see you on the other side. That’s where I’ll cover the true impact of the mobile popup algorithm — and it might not be what you’re thinking. And many more… The true impact of the mobile popup algorithm Well, the true impact has nothing to do with mobile rankings being impacted, a slide in mobile traffic or anything related to SEO. Instead, it has everything to do with the reaction of publishers to the news that the algorithm was going to roll out. For example, many publishers removed mobile popups and interstitials as January 10, 2017, approached. They simply didn’t want to get hit or test the algorithmic waters. I saw this a lot as I was collecting sites that were employing mobile popups. This also included sites removing the popups after January 10. Not every company knew about the algorithm update, so some were late to the game. My guess is that the algorithm got on their radar based on news of the rollout, so those publishers had a knee-jerk reaction and simply removed their popups without gauging the actual impact. They basically trusted that the mobile popup algorithm was working without evidence of it actually working. And I get that. If you’re not neck-deep in SEO, you might not be familiar with the gray area of algorithms, and you might not know that some algorithm updates simply don’t work as expected. For those people, they just knew it was rolling out, that it could potentially negatively impact their rankings and traffic, and they pulled the popups and interstitials from their sites. But like I said earlier, the devil is in the details. Again, I’m not seeing any widespread impact from the mobile popup algorithm as I write this post. High risk, high reward: Will Google turn up the dial? And here’s the rub. The publishers I mentioned earlier that stood their ground and refused to remove their mobile popups and interstitials have braved the mighty tsunami that never arrived. They stood on the beach facing a powerful surge of water that would surely suck the mobile life out of their sites… and nothing happened. But that’s for now. Google can absolutely turn up the dial and strengthen the mobile popup algorithm at any time. And if they do, then those sites using mobile popups or interstitials could get smoked. But that’s a big could. Now, I’m not saying mobile popups are a good thing. I actually can’t stand most of them, and users overall hate them. That should be enough to rid them from the web, but they do work conversion-wise (unfortunately). So, we have a situation where an algorithm that should impact URLs employing mobile popups is not living up to expectations, and a marketing tactic that drives conversion was removed from many sites. I don’t know where we go from here, but I fear more sites will test the algorithmic waters and add those popups back. And it’s hard to blame them. So, based on what I explained in this post, I’ll provide some closing points below. Key points Although there hasn’t been widespread impact yet, Google can turn up the dial at any time. I know many people are still hoping that happens; and if it does, sites using mobile popups or interstitials can get hit. Remember, high risk, high reward. Publishers are still figuring out ways to push the envelope with mobile popups in order to determine which formats and techniques will get hit and which ones won’t. But based on my research, there’s very little negative impact overall so far. I recommend watching my initial post for more updates. Never simply take Google’s word for it. Track and test updates for yourself. I’m glad I decided to gather close to 70 sites using mobile popups and interstitials. That enabled me to test how strong the algorithm was and if it was doing what it was supposed to do. Mobile popups and interstitials are horrible user experience-wise, but they perform well conversion-wise. Based on the lack of impact from the mobile popup algorithm, I fear we will see more sites testing the waters and adding them back. It pains me to say that… but the lack of impact is clear. Summary: The waiting continues When January 10 arrived, I was eager to gauge the impact of the mobile popup algorithm. But what I wasn’t prepared for was to see very little happen. And that’s exactly what occurred while checking many sites still using mobile popups and interstitials. Moving forward, keep an eye on my Twitter feed and my original findings post. I will keep checking my list, and checking it twice, in order to see if the mobile popup algorithm is being naughty or nice. Some opinions expressed in this article may be those of a guest author and not necessarily Search Engine Land. Staff authors are listed here. About The Author Glenn Gabe Glenn Gabe, president of G-Squared Interactive, is a digital marketing veteran with over 20 years of experience. Glenn currently helps clients maximize their online marketing efforts via Search Engine Optimization (SEO), Search Engine Marketing (SEM), Social Advertising, Social Media Marketing, and Web Analytics. During the past 20 years, Glenn has assisted clients across a wide range of industries including consumer packaged goods (CPG), e-commerce retailers, startups, pharmaceuticals, healthcare, military, education, non-profits, online auctions, real estate, and publishing. Related Topics All Things SEO ColumnChannel: SEOGoogleGoogle: Algorithm UpdatesGoogle: MobileGoogle: Web SearchSEO - Search Engine OptimizationSEO: Mobile Search Sponsored We're listening. Have something to say about this article? Share it with us on Facebook, Twitter or our LinkedIn Group. Attend Our Conferences March 21-23, 2017: SMX West June 2017: SMX Advanced October 24-26, 2017: SMX East × Attend SMX - Click Here Learn More About Our SMX Events Gain new strategies and insights at the intersection of marketing, technology, and management. Our next conference will be held: May 9-11, 2017: MarTech San Francisco October 2-4, 2017: MarTech Boston × Attend MarTech - Click Here Learn More About Our MarTech Events Take the MarTech Quiz Think you know martech? Find out by taking this 3-minute quiz. See how you score and share it with friends! Let's Get Started White Papers The Facebook Advertising Ecosystem The Digital Marketer’s Guide to AI-Powered CRO Using Marketing Automation and Sales Strategy as a Foundation for Profitable Growth Website Redesign RFP: A Step-By-Step Guide To Creating An RFP For Your Website Project How to Use Live Chat to Increase Conversion See More Whitepapers Webcasts Build Your Ultimate Martech Stack Intro to Agile Marketing: Work faster and smarter by changing how you work Creative is Complicated: Tips for better brand/agency collaboration See More Webcasts Research Reports Content Marketing Tools B2B Predictive Marketing Analytics Platforms Social Media Management Software Call Analytics Platforms Paid Media Campaign Management Platforms B2B Marketing Automation Platforms See More Research The Periodic Table of Seo Success Sign up for our daily newsletter. SUBSCRIBE Follow Us © 2017 Third Door Media, Inc. All rights reserved.
News Deals Cell Phone Plans Apps & Games Reviews The Best Forums more Giveaways Features How To Android Development About Contact Advertise Privacy Policy VRSource SoundGuys TabTimes Charged Trending Pixel XL OnePlus 3T Huawei Mate 9 LG G6 Galaxy S8 Android Authority newsletter The best way to stay connected to the Android pulse. Our main newsletter is the Android Weekly which is sent every Sunday and contains all the top Android news, reviews and features from the past week. The best way to stay connected to the Android pulse. Android Weekly Breaking News Alerts Trending Articles Review Alerts Deals Alerts View previous campaigns 100% Privacy, No Spam Policy: We value privacy and your email address will be 100% secure. We hate spam just like you do and will never send you too much email, nor will we ever share your information with anyone. Buy now! Name: Subject: Message: Google Allo vs. iMessage: Which one does it best? Apps & Games Featuresby A.J. Hartless2 days ago 132 690 47 Messaging apps are like fine wine – they get better with age. Or, at least in the case of the two we’re looking at here – Google Allo and iMessage – that seems to be the case. Similes aside, with the launch of Google Allo late last year, and with the most recent updates to iMessage in iOS 10, it’s hard not to draw clear commonalities and stark differences between the two and wonder which one is actually the superior app. Yes, I know, this is Android Authority, and you don’t come here to read about Apple, but if Google has any hope of gaining market share in the world of interactive, rich messaging, they might have a thing or two to learn from Apple’s long-standing app. So, let’s take a quick look: Google Allo vs. iMessage. User Interface Let’s start by taking a look at the overall design, ease-of-use and fluidity of the apps. No matter what capabilities your app offers, I’m not inclined to use it unless it’s easy on the eyes, easy to figure out, and simply a joy to use. Fortunately, Google Allo and Apple’s iMessage both check off those boxes, but let’s take a look at some more of the specifics. Allo If you’ve used any of Google’s other apps like Hangouts or Inbox, you won’t find any surprises in Allo. You’ve got the standard hamburger menu where you’ll find your application and profile settings, and a floating action button to start a new conversation. Inside of conversations, you’ll find a very Nougat-esque design language, with the pill-shaped text bar that is a bit less harsh than the hard corners you’ll find in something like Google’s SMS app, Messenger. For a little added flair, you can change up the theme of your conversations for more fun background designs and message bubble colors. It’s a small feature, but goes a long way towards making the app more fun to use. iMessage Given that iMessage has been around for so long at this point, there’s a good chance you’ll know what to expect when opening the app. Speaking of fluidity, there is no arguing that Apple goes above and beyond to create a uniform experience inside of their “stock” apps, and iMessage is no different. The brilliance of the iMessage application comes from its level of polish everywhere you look. Every animation, every menu, every button – you can tell that no detail was left unexplored to ensure that you get the best experience possible. The iMessage application embodies what users have come to expect of Apple, a reliable, well-thought, buttoned-up experience. Related Articles   You can now send GIFs in Allo with Google’s new cha...3 weeks ago   Allo 5.0 teardown reveals new features, some activated an...4 weeks ago Capabilities/Features Now let’s get to the fun stuff. At their core, both Google Allo and iMessage are simply messaging apps, but it’s their features, and lack thereof in some cases, that set them apart. Obviously, iMessage is an Apple exclusive, and Allo was designed with Android in mind, but let’s look beyond that. Allo When Allo was announced early in 2016, its primary draw was, of course, Google Assistant. Assistant, the evolved state of Google Now, is intertwined within the app, able to be accessed from within conversations to pull relevant information such as weather, locations, movie showtimes, etc. At first, it kind of seems gimmicky to be texting with a virtual assistant, but after a while of using the app, it’s actually pretty convenient to have Google ready when you need it during any conversation. Google Assistant also exists as its own ‘contact’ in Allo, with which you can have standalone conversations. Here, you can basically query information like you would from the Google app, but your results will be returned in a more conversational manner. Assistant shines in this context by alerting you of reminders, sending you information like weather forecasts on a daily basis, and more. The conversational manner of Assistant also allows you to ask subsequent questions in context to get more information. For example, you can ask Google “What’s tomorrow’s forecast?” and you will receive a nice visual representation of what you asked for. Then, you can immediately follow up with “What about this weekend?” Google will recognize that your second question is related to the first, and will return the additional information. Furthermore, Allo’s suggested responses that appear automatically above the keyboard make getting more information from Assistant incredibly easy to do with little input. iMessage Let’s start with the basics – iMessage supports SMS. Sounds like a no-brainer, but given that Allo does not, it’s definitely worth noting. So yes, you can text anyone from iMessage, you just won’t be able to use some of its key features. Apple’s iMessage is a solid messaging app, no question about it. However, it doesn’t really have one ‘main draw’ like that of Google Allo. But, the fact is, it doesn’t need one. Unlike Android devices, iPhone’s comes with an excellent messaging application out of the box. One that’s packed full of features, and usually is enough to keep users from seeking an alternative. Many of iMessage’s flagship features focus on making conversations with your peers more intimate (in the innocent sense of the word) and personal. For instance, if you want to send a message to your wife saying, “I love you!”, you can add an animated heart balloon that will begin its animation when she views the message. Other examples of this include confetti that takes over the screen, party balloons that float up from the bottom of the screen, fireworks exploding in the background, a shooting star, and more. These message enhancements are taken a step further with actions such as Slam; powerful and large text bubbles, Whisper; smaller and gentle text bubbles, Invisible Ink; keeps text and photos hidden until tapped, and more. One of the coolest features of iMessage is the ability to replace words in your message with emojis. So if you type “Want to grab pizza tonight?”, the word ‘pizza’ will be highlighted as yellow text, and upon touching the word, will be replaced with a pizza emoji. On top of that, the App Store specific to iMessage has a ton of applications that enhance the experience of the app by giving you access to more stickers, the ability to make payments and more. It’s hard to name a clear winner in this category since the applications share the same basic messaging functionality, as well as some others, such as the ability to send photos and videos, audio clips, stickers (with additional packs available for download) and real-time location sharing. However, when it comes to sheer volume of the things you can do with the app, iMessage edges out Google Allo. It’s very clear how much time and attention Apple has put into its messaging application, and if taken full advantage of, iMessage is a really enjoyable communication application to use. Related Articles   Facebook may be coming to a TV set-top box near you2 weeks ago   Snapseed version 2.15 adds new curves tool and more2 weeks ago Backup and Privacy Privacy isn’t something we think about all the time when it comes to texting back and forth with friends, but the truth is, any information that falls in the wrong hands can spell bad news. So, what do iMessage and Allo offer in the way of privacy? And, what are your backup options if you ever to need to restore your messages at a later time? Allo Do you remember all that fuss about Google Allo indefinitely storing your messages to improve the app? Even Edward Snowden joined the conversation. Well yeah, that’s a thing. Messages you send with Google are protected from online predators by being scrambled from the time you send them to the time they reach Google’s servers, and again from the servers to the recipient, but Google does keep normal messages sent from Allo for their special use. Doing so allows Google’s messaging app to create those handy quick reply suggestions, as well as power Google Assistant. However, if you are concerned with your privacy, you can use Allo’s Incognito Chat to ensure your messages are encrypted end-to-end, so only you and the recipient can read the message. Incognito Chat also has a pretty cool self-destruct feature (called “expiration” in the app) that gives you the ability to have your messages disappear from your device, as well as the recipient’s, in a set amount of time. The amount of time can range anywhere from 5 seconds to 1 week. Backing up messages in Allo is something that definitely needs some work to say the least. Many users (including myself) have complained that when switching to a new device, you lose all of of your previous messages, even after linking the same Google account and phone number. Given that Google is storing your conversations for other reasons, you’d think they would at least let you sync your message between different devices, but unfortunately that’s not an option. iMessage iMessage doesn’t have any real privacy settings, but that’s because Apple swears by its built-in privacy. Conversations in iMessage are encrypted end-to-end, and Apple says they will never store or scan messages for their own use – preventing them, or anyone else, from ever invading your privacy. As you’ve likely heard about during recent events, Apple doesn’t create any “backdoors” with their products because that “undermines the protections” they’ve put in. The only two real privacy options you have with iMessage is the ability to choose how long your messages are stored; forever, a year or 30 days, and, how you would like your message previews to be displayed on the device. When it comes to backing up your messages, there’s not much to worry about. There is a ton to complain about when talking about iCloud, but you can count on your iMessage conversations being backed up and accessible in multiple ways. If you get a new iPhone, iPad or Mac, you’ll immediately find your previous conversations right where you left them. As part of their privacy promise, however, you can opt to not have your messages stored at all if having them later is something you aren’t concerned with. Major Complaints No app is without its flaws. Allo Oh, where to start. Don’t get me wrong, I like Allo. I really like it, but it has a long way to go before it will be what most people want it to be. To start, there is no SMS support. This is likely the biggest complaint among all users, because without true SMS support, Allo can’t replace your other messaging applications. Sure, you can send SMS messages to people who aren’t Allo users, but there’s a catch. Instead of your message coming from you, the person you’re texting will get a message from a random 5-digit number. They’ll only know it’s you by seeing your name, followed by a colon, at the beginning of each message. On top of that, any Assistant-enabled functions you use in that conversation will come through as a vomit of links and special characters. I can promise this will come across as annoying to the recipient. Allo also has no desktop client. So for those of us who sit in front of a computer for the majority of the day, this is a huge disappointment. Sure, you could use Hangouts, but what’s the point in using two different messaging apps when you could just use one? With iMessage, your messages are synced across your other devices, including macOS. So that might satisfy your need for a desktop client. In my opinion, Allo is sort of facing an identity crisis, and Google is struggling to figure out where it fits in. Their long-running chat application, Hangouts, has a huge user-base given that it is built in to GMail, and the Android application has 1 BILLION+ installs (granted it comes pre-installed on many devices.) Hangouts can be used as a default SMS application, but you also have Google Messenger which is a dedicated SMS app with 50,000,000+ installs. So, Google already has a dedicated chat app, and a dedicated SMS app, so that begs the question – why introduce something brand new instead of improving on what you already have? For me, I was expecting a full-fledged text messaging app that could replace what I currently use. But, what I got was a glorified chat app with some really cool baked-in goodies (i.e. Google Assistant). iMessage I’m honestly having a hard time finding things to complain about for iMessage. For the most part, it’s a pretty polished app. But, like I said, no app is perfect. As an Android user and long-time fan, one of the reasons I don’t use an iPhone is because of the lack of customization. iMessage mimics that experience for me. There is no option to customize your conversations between different contacts with various colors, and you can’t change the background of your conversations, other than using screen effects mentioned earlier. My other complaint with iMessage is the slight learning curve when trying to grow accustomed to the many features available. For instance, to access the text enhancement features – Slam, Whisper, Invisible Ink, etc – you have to force touch the send button. But to access the stickers, GIFs, and other apps, you look in the iMessage App Store menu. To send heartbeats, kiss effects, etc. – that’s another menu. And finally, if you want to send a handwritten message, you have to flip the phone horizontally to reveal the sketchpad. Bottom line – there are just too many features in too many places. Until you’ve had considerable amount of time to play around, you might find yourself hunting for a certain feature. Lastly, I mentioned how iMessage syncs across all of your Apple devices, but what if you don’t have a Mac? In this case, you’ll have no means of using iMessage from your computer. This is especially frustrating considering that almost all other iCloud applications are available to access and use at iCloud.com, including Notes, Reminders, Photos, Calendar, and more. So why, Apple? Why haven’t you made iMessage accessible with an online interface? Conclusion   So, how do we wrap this all up? Well, I’m not going to call a clear winner here because I like both apps for different reasons. Sure, if we’re talking sheer volume of features, and level of polish, iMessage takes the cake, but the truth is, I have just as much fun using Allo as I do iMessage. And for me, that’s really what it’s about. For Google Allo, I think the problem lies in how it was launched, how it was positioned at launch, and what users thought they were going to get, but didn’t. For Allo to pick up any steam, and gain more market share among the other messaging apps, Google needs to make this clear to consumers. Google Assistant is an excellent selling feature, but without being able to text other people not using the app, why would users adopt this vs. Google Messenger? And, with no desktop interface, why would anyone adopt Allo instead of Hangouts? As for iMessage, it clearly has its place in Apple’s ecosystem. You have it on your phone, you have it on your iPad, you have it on your Mac. Your messages sync across devices, are backed up for when you get a new device, and there are ton of cool features to make sure you’re always having fun. But, iMessage is missing that one BIG THING to really sell it. Maybe if Apple could improve Siri (on a couple of different levels) and integrate it into iMessage, similar to that of Google Assistant in Allo, there would be more of draw to the application. Fortunately for Apple, they have a leg up with the app being installed on every device. No need for them to worry about consumers having to beg their friends to jump on the bandwagon. They’re already there. What are your thoughts on this subject? Will Google Allo ever be the iMessage of the Android world? Are the features in Google Allo enough to keep you interested and to make you try to convince your friends to join you? Let us know in the comments below! Apps & Games Features Google Allo, Android apps, iMessage Android apps, Google Allo, iMessage A.J. Hartless Show 132 comments The Best   Best Android phones androidauthority   Best Drones charged   Best Wireless Bluetooth Earbuds soundguys   Best Headphones of 2017 soundguys Sunday Giveaway   Google Pixel XL International Giveaway! 4 days ago57 comments Subscribe to Our Weekly Newsletter SUBSCRIBE The field is required Please enter a valid email address Latest News Here’s a look at the Huawei P10 in blue, gold and green 35 minutes ago Google Phone 8.0 adds voicemail sharing and minor visual tweaks 1 hour ago Huawei may add to the already crowded field of voice-based digital assistants 5 hours ago LG G6 will have new UX for its 18:9 display, camera to have Square and Food m... 6 hours ago Clash of Clans developer Supercell may not launch a new game in 2017 6 hours ago Android Authority APP Get it on About Contact Advertise Privacy Policy Your source for all things Android! About Contact Advertise Privacy Policy © 2017 Android Authority | All Rights Reserved.
TechRadar The source for Tech Buying Advice Search RSS Reviews How To Phones TVs Laptops Deals Photography More Car Tech Wearables Tablets Components Audiovisual Gaming Computing Downloads News Pro Trending Buying Guides MWC 2017 LG G6 Samsung Galaxy S8 iPhone 8 Nintendo Switch iOS 10.3 News Google Maps now lets you save your favorite places and share them with friends Google Maps now lets you save your favorite places and share them with friends By Parker Wilhelm Mobile phones   Save and send ideas for vacations, bar crawls and family visits Shares Google has updated its Maps app to help travelers save their go-to destinations and share them with friends and family who might need a few recommendations. Instead of saving assorted addresses, Google Maps users can now create lists that help organize their favorite locations to the app for future reference as well as send those lists to others.  This means that users can file away helpful addresses like potential date night locations in one list and must-see attractions for an upcoming road trip in another, ensuring fewer instances of, "What was the name of that restaurant we've been meaning to try?" or, "Wait, how many museums did we plan on seeing when we got there?" Don't lose track of the places you love. Now you can curate and share lists of your favorite spots in @googlemaps: https://t.co/ZAAh49zUFX pic.twitter.com/pdbnFqMHkkFebruary 13, 2017 Saved lists in Google Maps can also be shared via text, email, or social media - allowing you to hand off your favorite tourist stops to your relatives when they visit or which local pubs are worth dropping into when your chums attempt to reenact the ol' college days. Additionally, saved lists and their locations work on both mobile and desktop versions of Google Maps, and are even accessible offline, so long as you download them in advance. Google Maps' latest feature is available for both iOS and Android versions on the app and though it might take a while for it to show up, a Google representative assures us the update is rolling out starting today. Check out our review of the Google's Pixel flagship phone Tags Android ABOUT THE AUTHOR Parker Wilhelm Parker Wilhelm is a freelance writer for TechRadar. He likes to tinker in Photoshop and talk people's ears off about how great Persona 4 is. Related news Breath of the Wild will be first Zelda to get DLC iPhone 8 Plus release date, news and rumors iPhone 8 release date, news and rumors Top Tech Conferences: The Ultimate B2B Tech Events Guide 2017 See more Mobile phones news Load Comments Tech deals, prizes and latest news Get the best tech deals, reviews, product advice, competitions, unmissable tech news and more! No spam, we promise. You can unsubscribe at any time and we'll never share your details without your permission. Most Popular Most Shared 1 Don't panic - Nintendo NES Mini production will continue 2 Classic comeback? These four Nokia phones are rumored for MWC 2017 3 iPhone 8 release date, news and rumors 4 The 15 best laptops of 2017: the top laptops ranked 5 Samsung Galaxy S8: release date and everything you should know 1 Canon EOS Rebel T7i / EOS 800D review 2 Nintendo Switch might get GameCube's best games via Virtual Console 3 This is the first taste of VR on macOS 4 Classic comeback? These four Nokia phones are rumored for MWC 2017 5 The best free-to-play Steam games 2017 TechRadar is part of Future plc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. Visit our corporate site. About Us Terms and conditions Privacy policy Cookies policy Advertise with us © Future Publishing Limited Quay House, The Ambury, Bath BA1 1UA. All rights reserved. England and Wales company registration number 2008885.
Home Business Software Chips Mobile Internet Security Review Desktop Software Graphics cards Laptops Mobile apps Mobiles Peripherals Storage Tablets Workstations TechEye Home Business Software Chips Mobile Internet Security Review Desktop Software Graphics cards Laptops Mobile apps Mobiles Peripherals Storage Tablets Workstations Menu Google paid car unit too much Posted on February 14, 2017 by Nick Farrell - Business, News Google has been hemorrhaging talent from its self-driving car project mostly because it paid workers too much. According to Bloomberg early staffers had an unusual compensation system that awarded supersized payouts based on the project’s value. By late 2015, the numbers were so big that several veteran members didn’t need the job security anymore, making them more open to other opportunities. In December Google created a standalone business called Waymo, and the system was replaced with a more uniform pay structure that treats all employees the same. However it looks like that the previous system did a lot of damage to the entire project. In 2010, soon after Google unveiled its first self-driving vehicle, the search engine hit on a wizard wheeze to tie employees’ fortunes to the project’s performance rather than Google’s advertising money machine. In addition to cash salaries, some staffers were given bonuses and equity in the business and these awards were set aside in a special entity. After several years, Google applied a multiplier to the value of the awards and paid some or all of it out. The multiplier was based on periodic valuations of the division, the people said. However, the bonuses started to get out of control as the project matured. Some found themselves collecting multi-million dollar payments. One member of the team had a multiplier of 16 applied to bonuses and equity amassed over four years, one of the people said. The payouts increased after key milestones were reached, even though the ultimate goal of the project was years from being finished. Chief Financial Officer Ruth Porat told analysts last year that operating expenses in the fourth quarter of 2015 rose 14 percent to $6.6 billion, “primarily driven by R&D expense, particularly affected by expenses resulting from project milestones in Other Bets established several years ago.” But people were not sticking around. Staff departures from the car division actually increased in 2016. Some were frustrated with the pace of progress and had doubts about new leader John Krafcik, while others wanted to start their own autonomous vehicle companies. The fact Google had given them pots of money made things worse because team members had less financial incentive to stay instead they had cash to go off and form their own dream start-up.   Search for: Recent Articles South Korea prosecutors expand charges against Samsung boss South Korea's special prosecutor's office has expanded charges against Samsung boss Jay Lee to inclu[...] Digital “Geneva Convention” is Smith’s dream Software king of the world Microsoft has called for a digital Geneva Convention which would see tech[...] India breaks record for most satellites launched at once India has successfully launched 104 satellites at once using its Isro's Polar Satellite Launch Vehic[...] Big Content Blames Canada Big content pressure groups the MPAA and RIAA have waded into Canada, claiming that it is a "safe ha[...] Harvard boffins invent decade lasting battery Harvard boffins have emerged from their smoke-filled rooms having invented a liquid battery which ca[...] © 2017 TechEye.
NEWS National Sports Lifestyle & Entertainment Business International Editor's Picks Snippets Lahore Karachi Islamabad OPINION Editorials Columns Mailbox Multimedia News In Pictures Cartoons Print Edition Today's Paper E-PAPER Blogs Read All Blogs Write For Us Nawaiwaqt Group Nawaiwaqt Newspaper Waqt News TV Family Magazine Phool Magazine Nidaimillat Magazine Sunday Magazine Weekend Young Nation Articles eMag October Reign Thursday | February 16, 2017 NEWS National Sports Lifestyle & Entertainment Business International Editor's Picks Snippets Lahore Karachi Islamabad OPINION Editorials Columns Mailbox Multimedia News In Pictures Cartoons Videos Editor's Picks Featured Newspaper Picks Print Edition Today's Paper E-Paper Blogs Read All Blogs Write For Us Connect with us   Facebook Twitter Google Plus RSS Youtube     Follow @the_nation   Latest Feb 16, 01:36 pm Airstrike hits mourners in Yemen, killing eight women, one child: residents Feb 16, 01:27 pm Arabic bill 2015 endorses compulsory Arabic language learning as means to tackle terrorism Feb 16, 01:18 pm 16 more JF-17 Thunder jets added by PAF Feb 16, 01:14 pm Sindh University Jamshoro's bus kills another student Feb 16, 12:58 pm CTD arrests 6 Afghan nationals with heavy ammunition in Sialkot Feb 16, 12:48 pm Lawyers in KP boycott courts today Feb 16, 12:37 pm Olympic swimming great Hackett reported missing Feb 16, 12:33 pm Treatment of tortured student from Larkan begins in Ohio   OMG! Your phone can now cast Harry Potter spells February 14, 2017, 7:13 pm SHARE : Tweet You're a wizard, Harry. You too, Ron. Oh, and Neville, Hermione, Draco... you know what, all of you are. That's because actually, anyone with an Android phone is now able to cast spells straight out of a Hogwarts Charms class. "How?!" we hear you cry with the pain that suggests you never really got over that missing Hogwarts letter. Well, it's surprisingly easy. Google has teamed up with Warner Bros. to bring spells from the world of Potter – and the upcoming Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them film – to the Android phone sat in your pocket. If you want to put your clear pronunciation magical abilities to the test, there are three spells you can use your phone to cast. Proudly pronouncing, "OK Google, Lumos" should see your phone's torch app magically ignite, while declaring "OK Google, Nox" will see the beam of light instantly diminish. Want to try something more advanced than putting a light at the end of your wand, sorry, phone? Try "OK Google, Silencio." This should instantly silence your phone's ringer and notification alerts. Magic. Courtesy digitalspy Research confirms positive school climates improve grades Positive school climates contribute to academic achievement and can improve outcomes for students from low socioeconomic backgrounds, according to a new study published today in Review of Educational Research, a peer-reviewed journal of the American Educational Research Association. In a comprehensive analysis of research published since 2000, U.S. and Israeli researchers found substantial evidence that schools with positive climates can narrow achievement gaps among students of different socioeconomic backgrounds and between students with stronger and weaker academic abilities. Broadly speaking, positive school climates are marked by a supportive, caring approach from teachers; a sense of safety from violence and bullying; student connectedness in school; and parental involvement. “Our findings suggest that by promoting a positive climate, schools can allow greater equality in educational opportunities, decrease socioeconomic inequalities, and enable more social mobility,” said study co-author Ron Avi Astor, a professor of social work and education at the University of Southern California. Courtesy pressroom.usc Published in Young Nation magazine on November 19, 2016 Tweet RELATED NEWS September 10, 2016, 9:52 pm Now your fruit can have your face on it June 07, 2016 Harry Potter, now a dad, makes stage debut in London June 01, 2016 ‘Harry Potter and the Cursed Child’ cast photos released July 10, 2012 Your phone is now your interpreter MORE IN YOUNG NATION February 15, 2017, 6:49 pm Lahore Intl Children’s Film Festival – A Gateway to Develop New Ideas February 15, 2017, 6:39 pm Poets' Corner - Food February 15, 2017, 6:37 pm 'I Am The Change Awards 2016’ Applauds Change Agents February 15, 2017, 6:33 pm Never Give Up Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus TODAY'S POPULAR Most Viewed | Most Commented Fourth suicide bomber strikes Pakistan in one day Musharraf says he received financial assistance from late ... Allama Tasawar Jawadi injured in firing Civil Judge injured in Hayatabad attack Petrol, diesel prices increased by Re1 per litre PM orders strict NAP implementation Civil Judge injured in Hayatabad attack Fourth suicide bomber strikes Pakistan in one day LATEST COMMENTS neutral If I am excused, what the Hassan Nawaz Counsel is doing in the court now is like "yablian" ( like they say in Punjabi). The court also has observed that he is again and again ranting irrelevant argume... neutral It is surprising that the name of the DG ISI is missing from those attended the meeting so important. What all of a sudden happened that the PM is so alarmed with the L&O situation. Had he (the PM) li... Eddied neutral is such a liar, he always tries to blame Islamic militants on the west? he must think people are really stupid to believe his incessant anti western propaganda... ADVERTISEMENT LATEST COMMENTS neutral If I am excused, what the Hassan Nawaz Counsel is doing in the court now is like "yablian" ( like they say in Punjabi). The court also has observed that he is again and again ranting irrelevant argume... neutral It is surprising that the name of the DG ISI is missing from those attended the meeting so important. What all of a sudden happened that the PM is so alarmed with the L&O situation. Had he (the PM) li... Eddied neutral is such a liar, he always tries to blame Islamic militants on the west? he must think people are really stupid to believe his incessant anti western propaganda... OUR CONTACT DETAILS NIPCO House, 4 Shaarey Fatima Jinnah, LAHORE (Pakistan) Tel : 092-42-6367580 Fax : 092-42-6367005 About Us Advertise Contact Us Terms & Conditions © COPYRIGHT 2017, NAWAIWAQT GROUP OF NEWSPAPERS Powered by :
Menu CIO CloseCIO In-depth Big Data BPM Budgeting Business Continuity Business Intelligence C-Suite Perspectives Change Management Cloud Consumerisation of IT Infrastructure Innovation IT Value KM/Storage Mobile/Wireless/Convergence Project Management Risk Management Security Vendor View Resources Career CIO Executive Council e-Mags Events Media Releases News Newsletters PartnerZones Slideshows Videos Whitepapers Industries Education Finance Government Login Forgot password? Sign up now to get free exclusive access to reports, research and invitation only events. LinkedIn Twitter YouTube Facebook Google Plus Send Us E-mail Privacy Policy [Updated 3 Mar 14] Advertising CSO Subscribe to emails Subscribe to IDG Publications Contact Us Menu CIO Forget the network perimeter, say security vendors Forget the network perimeter, say security vendors Google’s 'BeyondCorp' network security model is starting to influence security offerings Lucian Constantin (IDG News Service) 15 February, 2017 01:27 - - - - print email Comments What if all your company’s computers and applications were connected directly to the Internet? That was the assumption behind BeyondCorp, a new model for network security that Google proposed back in 2014, and it’s one that’s starting to get some attention from networking and security vendors. Enterprises have moved beyond the traditional workspace in recent years, allowing employees to work remotely by using their personal devices and accessing apps in private or public clouds. To bring roaming workers back into the fold, under the security blanket of their local networks, companies rely on VPNs and endpoint software to enforce network access controls. Google's BeyondCorp approach to enterprise security takes the focus away from the network perimeter and puts it on devices and users. It doesn't assign higher or lower levels of trust to devices based on whether they're inside the internal network or not. Some security vendors have already started to embrace this no-trust-by-default security model. Duo Security, a two-factor authentication provider launched its own BeyondCorp-inspired offering last week, and enterprise software startup ScaleFT has had dynamic access management service based on the same principles for a while. Even networking and security appliance manufacturers like Cisco Systems have begun moving what were traditionally perimeter security gateways into the cloud to better serve roaming employees. Duo Security's new Duo Beyond service consists of a software package that serves as an authentication gateway for all of a company's web-based applications, whether they're hosted inside the local network or in the cloud. It can be deployed in the company network's demilitarized zone (DMZ) and provides a single sign-on service that enforces device and user-based access policies. Duo Beyond assumes a zero-trust environment for all devices by default, regardless of whether they're connecting from within the enterprise network or from the outside. That said, it does provide administrators with the ability to differentiate between corporate devices and personal devices by deploying Duo certificates to those that are managed by the company. This device identification process has several benefits. It allows for the easy discovery of new devices that are used to access corporate applications, which helps companies create and maintain accurate inventories that include employees' personal devices. It also allows restricting access to certain applications or accounts to company-managed devices where a certain degree of security can be guaranteed. The service can also check the security state of a connecting device by looking at whether it's running the latest OS and browser version, whether the browser plug-ins are up to date and, in the case of mobile devices, whether encryption and passcode enforcement are turned on. This allows administrators to create fine-grained access rules based on device "health" and ensure that only reasonably secure devices can access company applications, even if those devices are owned and managed by the employees themselves. Duo Security doesn't expect customers to completely give up on VPNs if they deploy Duo Beyond, but based on the company's experience so far, customers can cut down VPN licensing costs by up to 80 percent. That's because most roaming employees only use VPN connections to access a few popular intranet web applications like Confluence, Jira or Sharepoint. The Duo Beyond service is priced at $9 per user per month and includes everything in the company's older Duo Access service, plus the new certificate-based device identification and the mechanism for controlling which internal apps are accessible by remote users. Moving towards a BeyondCorp security model, where the location of devices does not matter, can help companies avoid having to raise virtual walls inside their networks. Network segmentation, which relies on setting up firewalls and VLANs to restrict access to certain applications and services, is not easy to implement and can quickly become an administrative burden. In fact, as evidenced by many publicly documented security breaches, attackers often succeed in moving laterally inside a network once they break in. Most hackers start with targeting low-level employees through phishing or other methods and then, once inside a network, jump from system to system, exploiting vulnerabilities and stealing access credentials along the way until they reach the organization's crown jewels. Google's own network was breached in late 2009 as part of a cyberespionage campaign of Chinese origin known as Operation Aurora. The hackers, who started by targeting the company's employees, sought access to the Gmail accounts of human rights activists. Other security vendors are embracing BeyondCorp too, and, while there are differences in the implementation, the general goal is the same: moving security beyond a strictly defined network perimeter. Duo Beyond works only for web-based applications and its device insight technology is agentless. The information about a laptop's OS, browser and plug-ins is obtained through the browser itself. This approach limits what kind of information can be gathered, but Duo believes that it strikes the right balance between security and usability, since convincing users to install company-mandated software on their personal devices can be problematic. By comparison, another company called ScaleFT provides a BeyondCorp-inspired solution called Dynamic Access Management that works for SSH (Secure Shell) and RDP (Remote Desktop Protocol), remote access protocols for Linux and Windows servers. ScaleFT's service does requires the installation of client software that synchronizes short-lived access certificates and handles device enrolment and local account creation. Pushed by the need to address the issue of roaming employees, BYOD and software-as-a-service, some networking vendors have even started to move security appliances outside the network perimeter and into the cloud. On Monday, Cisco Systems announced what it calls the first Secure Internet Gateway (SIG), which is based on the cloud-based OpenDNS Umbrella service that the company acquired in 2015. "A SIG provides safe access to the internet anywhere users go, even when they are off the VPN," Cisco said in a blog post. "Before you connect to any destination, a SIG acts as your secure onramp to the internet and provides the first line of defense and inspection. Regardless of where users are located or what they’re trying to connect to, traffic goes through the SIG first." If this new way of thinking of enterprise security catches on it might even help speed up the adoption of IPv6, which is held back partly by fears that it could punch holes through network perimeters and because many companies still have old firewalls and equipment that don't have proper support for it. 6 Styles of Customer Analytics More from Gartner Join the CIO Australia group on LinkedIn. The group is open to CIOs, IT Directors, COOs, CTOs and senior IT managers. Join the CIO newsletter! Join Error: Please check your email address. More about CiscoGatewayGoogleLinuxSSH Editor's Recommendations Mind the (expectation) gap The ultimate test: Inside Cricket Australia's digital transformation Opinion: Are the ATO and Census failures just the tip of the iceberg? ​Australia is not a screw-up nation ​Is Apple under threat? How operational resilience helped RBA survive a siege Web Events Digitally remastering your business Impact of Project Prioritisation Let the Data Centre Transformation Begin - with Flash Storage Read more Gartner Partner Zone Latest Blog Posts Digital disinterest David Bartlett Why best practice is risky Rob Livingstone Open Government, how ready is Australia? Rory Gregg Related Whitepapers Dell EMC Global data protection index II CIO Forum in Association with Dell Technologies Latest Jobs Digital Communications Manager NSW Group Director Information Services WA Senior Business Analyst - HRIS QLD Network Specialist - IPAM Telco VIC Project Manager - Adelaide based NSW Life/400 Resource - Permanent NSW Technical Support Representative NSW Project Scheduler VIC Technical and Client focussed Product Analyst QLD IT Procurement Officer NSW Show all jobs Show Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Read next ​Humans playing big role in data breaches: report Updated: GHD boosts global business network, links 50 new remote sites ​Will ransomware attackers target critical infrastructure next? CSO Online In pictures: CIO Summit Melbourne In pictures: CIO50 launch party Booted up in 1993, this server still runs -- but not for much longer Market Place Answer 5 quick questions and you could win a Lego Mindstorm EV3, (valued at $499). WIN a HTC Vive Kit valued at $1399, take this 3 minute survey for your chance to WIN! Participate in this market research and go into the draw to win a Lego Death Star, (valued at $999). 6 cities | 20 exhibitors | International & local keynotes | Hear from Mark Loveless 'Simple Nomad' & Jeff Lanza Former FBI - Save your seat at CSO Perspectives Roadshow CSO US legislation revived to curb warrantless geolocation tracking What happens if your thermostat is hacked? Researchers name the top 7 security threats A.I. faces hype, skepticism at RSA cybersecurity show Bruce Schneier: Public-service technologists are needed to tame the IoT Yahoo warns users of account breaches related to recent attacks Computerworld South Australia aims to cut costs with CSC deal Regulated roaming ‘unambiguously bad’ for regional Australia, Telstra CEO says Digital and data drive earnings at Origin Energy Telstra registers profit drop in first half Microsoft quietly prolongs life of original Windows 10 ARN CSC wins landmark South Australian Government IT outsourcing deal New partners join Federal Govt's cloud services panel Digital growth drives $70M revenue for RXP Services “Intense” competition impacts Telstra’s financials Melbourne IT forks out for $67M Outware acquisition Techworld US legislation revived to curb warrantless geolocation tracking 5G progress at Ericsson could help enterprises work worldwide A.I. faces hype, skepticism at RSA cybersecurity show Bruce Schneier: Public-service technologists are needed to tame the IoT Microsoft quietly prolongs life of original Windows 10 CMO CMO's top 8 martech stories for the week - 16 February 2017 Toyota gets a new CMO following Brad Cramb's departure Telstra sees dip in NPS, financial results How digital transformation opened a new customer segment for Kennards Hire Tourism Australia CMO: Data is about gaining efficiency in marketing Send Us E-mail Privacy Policy [Updated 3 Mar 14] Advertising Books CSO Subscribe to emails IDG registered user login Subscribe to IDG Publications Contact Us Copyright 2017 IDG Communications. ABN 14 001 592 650. All rights reserved. Reproduction in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of IDG Communications is prohibited. IDG Sites PC World GoodGearGuide Computerworld CMO CSO Techworld ARN CIO Executive Council IDG Education IDG Government IDG Health

CNET Reviews Best Products Appliances Audio Cameras Cars Networking Desktops Drones Headphones Laptops Phones Printers Software Smart Home Tablets TVs Virtual Reality Wearable Tech Web Hosting Forums News Apple Computers Deals Google Internet Microsoft Mobile Photography Security Sci-Tech Tech Culture Tech Industry Photo Galleries Video Forums Video Apple Byte CNET Top 5 How To Googlicious Smart Home Tech Today News Next Big Thing Special Features CNET Podcasts Laptops Phones Tablets TVs How To Appliances Computers Gaming Home Entertainment Internet Mobile Apps Phones Photography Security Smart Home Tablets Wearable Tech Forums Speed Test Smart Home Best smart home devices How To News Tour our smart apartment Tour our smart house Product Compatibility Amazon Alexa Apple HomeKit Belkin WeMo Google Home Lutron Nest Philips Hue Samsung SmartThings Wink Cars Car Reviews Best Cars New Cars Used Cars Deals Cheapskate Best Tech Under $50 All Deals Tech Deals Non-Tech Deals Audio Deals Cell Phone Deals Desktop Deals Laptop Deals Hard Drive & Storage Deals Printer Deals Tablet Deals Camera Deals Monitor Deals Software Deals TV Deals Web Hosting VPN Services WordPress Hosting Domain Names Download Join CNET Member Benefits Sign In to CNET Signed in as My Profile My Profile Forums Sign Out Australia China France Germany Japan Korea United Kingdom US Editions English Español Google's Valentine's Day doodle tries to save the pangolin The doodle for the day associated with romance stars two members of an endangered species looking for love. We got a peek at where doodles come from. Tech Culture by Richard Nieva February 12, 2017 9:00 PM PST @richardjnieva How Google made a Doodle game For Valentine's Day, Google made a game where you play a rolling pangolin looking for love. This is how a team of artists, engineers and designers made one of Google's most complex Doodles to date. by Lexy Savvides 3:40 Close Drag Think of Valentine's Day, and the first thing that comes to mind probably isn't wildlife conservation. But that's one of the themes of Google's Valentine's Day doodle, which premiered on the search giant's homepage early Monday. It's one of the most in-depth Google Doodles the company has ever created and includes an interactive video game. It took about a year to develop and involved a six-person team of animators and engineers. The doodle stars two lovestruck pangolins, scaly mammals native to Asia and Africa that look like a cross between armadillos and anteaters. Google notes in the game that pangolins are the most poached and trafficked mammals in the world. The game also includes a link to a World Wildlife Fund page, which invites people to donate to protecting them. Google's Valentine's Day Doodle took almost a year to develop. Richard Nieva/CNET "If they're endangered, they really have to meet," Helene Leroux, the head artist for the doodle, said during an interview at Google's headquarters in Mountain View, California. "So it was a perfect theme for Valentine's Day." Step foot in the Google Doodle office and you might think you're at Pixar. A large blow-up version of Baymax, the health care robot from Disney's "Big Hero 6," greets you in the hallway. Desks are lined with Star Wars and Batman toys. There are tiny drawers full of sticker versions of past doodles. And most of the desks have Cintiqs, giant tablets artists use for digital drawings. The artwork that stands in for Google's logo has also become a big deal for the company. It's pretty obvious why: For lots of people, Google's search engine is the internet. It's the first place they go online, and that makes the homepage some of the choicest real estate on the web. The first doodle, in 1998, was a glorified "out of office" message -- a Burning Man stick figure that indicated co-founders Larry Page and Sergey Brin were away at the annual festival. Now the Doodle team has 30 people, including animators, engineers and designers. Helene Leroux, head artist for the doodle, said the team chose its main characters from several different species that roll up into balls. John Kim/CNET But unlike animated movies and other creative projects, Google Doodles are fleeting. They go live on the homepage for a day, then are gone. (Actually, all the doodles are archived, but most people don't know that.) Doodles have also become a de facto avenue for the company to react to news. When Prince died last April, Doodlers scrambled to create a Purple Rain design in an hour to honor the singer, the fastest a doodle has ever been made. And on January 30, two days after President Donald Trump signed a controversial executive order restricting immigration from seven Muslim-majority countries, the Google Doodle celebrated the 98th birthday of Fred Korematsu, an activist who spoke out against the internment of Japanese Americans. Some saw it as a political statement. Google declined to comment on the Korematsu doodle -- or any potential political motivations -- beyond the blog post that originally accompanied the artwork. 48 Our favorite Google Doodles through the years The ecological bent in this year's Valentine's Day doodle was at first unintentional. It began as a design decision for the video game: find an animal that rolls. Runners-up included pill bugs and salamanders. The team originally settled on armadillos for the two main characters. But they wanted the game to feel more global, and worried armadillos might just invoke images of Texas and the Southwest. So the pangolin it was. The game is a side-scroller, like Super Mario brothers or Sonic the Hedgehog (in fact the game has striking similarities to Sonic, though the game's lead engineer said he's never played the Sega classic). In the game, available on iPhones, Android phones and desktop computers, you're a pangolin trying to woo your mate. You need to travel to four different countries, including Ghana and the Philippines, and collect various things to help you with your budding romance. In one level, for example, you collect flowers for a bouquet. In another, you gather music notes to write a song. They're like coins in Super Mario and rings in Sonic. So after almost a year of work, how does it feel for a doodle to finally premiere, and then vanish from the homepage a day later? "It's all this excitement, and then, nothing," said Jordan Thompson, head engineer for the doodle's video game, standing at his desk in the studio. A few feet away from him is a poster of a doodle inspired by artist Salvador Dali's painting "The Persistence of Memory," with two melting clocks standing in for the O's in Google. "It's both exciting and terrifying because you have to get it right," he added. "The first time." It's Complicated: This is dating in the age of apps. Having fun yet? These stories get to the heart of the matter. Technically Literate: Original works of short fiction with unique perspectives on tech, exclusively on CNET. Share your voice 0 comments Tags Tech Culture Google Doodle Google More stories Feds find crazy pot-flinging catapult on Mexican border fence Cop selfie saves the day -- and the missing purse Google adds fact-check label in Brazil, Mexico and Argentina Elon Musk tweets (then deletes) opposition to Trump's travel ban Close   Discuss: Google's Valentine's Day doodle tries to... Conversation powered by Livefyre Up Next: Apple vs. FBI one year later: Still stuck in limbo CNET © CBS Interactive Inc.  /  All Rights Reserved. About CNET Privacy Policy Ad Choice Terms of Use Mobile User Agreement Help Center
Google Squashed a Chrome Extension that Flooded Ad Networks With Disinformation For two years the AdNauseam extension helped desktop Chrome users obscure their ad profile—until Google disabled it last week. What happens when one of the giants of the modern internet decides that your product affects its business model? The debate came to the fore again last week when Google removed AdNauseam, an anti-tracking browser extension, from the Chrome Web Store. AdNauseam is built on the principles that Helen Nissenbaum, professor of Media, Culture and Communication and Computer Science at NYU and a co-creator of the extension, detailed in her book Obfuscation: in addition to hiding ads from the user, it also clicks every ad link in the background, creating a fog of fake data which confuses attempts to build a profile of the user's habits. Released in 2014, the extension was fully operational until the end of 2016, but according to AdNauseam has been unavailable for download from the Chrome Web Store since the start of 2017, with previously installed copies automatically deactivated in the Chrome browser. AdNauseam (picture here in Firefox) sends ad networks junk data by randomly "clicking" ads. Image: Screenshot/AdNauseam With Chrome accounting for 54 percent share of the desktop browser market as of late 2016, Google controls the channel through which the majority of global desktop internet users access the web, which is why its stance on users' right to opt out of tracking has such large implications. In a Skype call, Nissenbaum said: "What many people don't understand is that companies like Google and Apple—who are really gatekeepers to an enormous amount of cultural and political activity—may be reasonably benevolent at the moment... but because of how our system of regulation is set up, they still have complete freedom about who they decide to let on or kick off their respective platforms." In the desktop market, it should be noted that internet users do have a greater ability to move outside of the Google/Apple stack—browsers like Firefox or Brave also ad blocking and anti-tracking functionality—although where smartphones are concerned, it's harder to download software outside of the official app stores. As far as ad blockers go, tension with Google isn't new: in early 2013 the company removed several ad blocking apps from the Play Store for Android (Adblock Plus returned two years later in the form of a dedicated web browser). But where Chrome for the desktop is concerned, hugely popular extensions like AdBlock, Adblock Plus, and uBlock Origin (which AdNauseam is based upon) remain readily available, raising questions over why AdNauseam's tactics have left it specifically targeted for removal—a point which Google has been less than clear about. An email from the Web Store, forwarded by Nissenbaum to Motherboard, gives a stock response: Your item did not comply with the following section of our policy: An extension should have a single purpose that is clear to users. Do not create an extension that requires users to accept bundles of unrelated functionality, such as an email notifier and a news headline aggregator. Google did not reply to Motherboard's request for comment on the removal of AdNauseam. The real issue, many would argue, is a conflict of interest: Google wants to be responsive to the requests of its users by giving them the functionality they want—here, a web browser with the ability to install a variety of extensions—, up until the point that these functions begin to impact its profit margin. And since developers don't have any specific right to have these products hosted on Google's platform, once the decision to block an app or extension is made it can be difficult to appeal. "Today it's your art/privacy tool, tomorrow it's your photo collection, or maybe your password manager," said AdNauseam's designer Mushon Zer-Aviv in an email. "Google should be frank about its policy, that browsing the web through Chrome is browsing the web under Google's corporate interest censorship." With Google yet to offer a response, the exact reason for AdNauseam's removal can't be confirmed. At present though, Chrome users can still run the AdNauseam extension by manually installing a zip file in developer mode, or switch to another browser instead. It remains to be seen whether Google will reverse the decision and reinstate it to the Web Store, but in the meantime, as the developers point out, it still works great in Firefox.
News Analysis Back A Week in Wireless Interviews Opinion Video Intelligence Back Whitepapers and eBooks Survey Reports Webinars Polls Awards Resource Centre Back View all companies Add your company My Resource Centre Packages About Jobs Events More Back About Us Contact Us Advertise with us Get our newsletter Press Releases 4G/LTE 4K/8K Video 5G BSS/OSS Cloud Apps Digital Transformation IoT Network Security NFV SDN Test & Measurement UBB News Analysis Back A Week in Wireless Interviews Opinion Video Intelligence Back Whitepapers and eBooks Survey Reports Webinars Polls Awards Resource Centre Back View all companies Add your company My Resource Centre Packages About Jobs Events More Back About Us Contact Us Advertise with us Get our newsletter Press Releases 4G/LTE 4K/8K Video 5G BSS/OSS Cloud Apps Digital Transformation IoT Network Security NFV SDN Test & Measurement UBB Telecoms.com news Google in Korea’s sights as Samsung moans about Android Written by Tim Skinner 2 days ago Google has been tangled up in another anti-competition case after allegedly impeding Samsung’s development of its own OS, according to reports in Korea. The Korea Times suggests the case focuses around a couple of agreements between Samsung and Google which introduced basic rules and service levels for devices running Android. Supposedly, the Mobile Application Distribution Agreement in 2011 saw both parties agree that a bunch of Google services would be pre-loaded on to devices running Andoid – such as Chrome for the default browser, YouTube, Google Play and Gmail. Back in the day these bits of software would have been considered bloatware if they weren’t actually pretty good. Now, the Fair Trade Commission (FTC) of Korea reckons Google is being a bit naughty again, even though this case and one other have been settled in recent years. The other case in question relates to an agreement known as the Anti-Fragmentation Agreement (AFA), in which both Google and Samsung agreed that the latter is prohibited from creating a proprietary operating system of its own by using code belonging to the former. An FTC official has said it is reopening investigations into AFA, suggesting that it is impeding Samsung’s development of its own OS. Now, it’s not for us to say that there might be a little bit of compatriot protection going on from the Korean FTC; but it wouldn’t at all be surprising if it is looking for ways in which to give Samsung more of a hand against the Californian juggernaut. Samsung has made no secret of its desire to push forward with Tizen, its proprietary OS, and has done so on its TVs and wearable range. But given that a significant percentage of Android’s install base comes from Samsung devices, it makes total sense that Google wants to protect that. On the face of things, it looks like Samsung and Google both willingly entered negotiations and commonly agreed upon a framework which prevents the consumer electronics giant from eating up Google market share with some form of Android rip off. Tizen is merely a manifestation of Samsung’s desperation to differentiate its smartphones from the rest of the Android crowd in a more significant way than mere brute marketing spend. The Note7 battery disaster was a consequence of this desperation and now it seems to have found an ally in its domestic trade regulators. The desired outcome for Samsung, presumably, would be a greater capacity to customise the user experience of its Android devices and supercede Google services with its own. You’d think it would be relatively open/shut, especially as the case has already been closed once before in Google’s favour. But in the crazy, crazy world of international technology regulation, who knows what could possibly happen next? When will autonomous vehicles hit the road? 2018 2019 2020 2021 Not before 2022  Loading ... Tags: Google, Google whacked, Samsung Samsung Electronics Leave a comment Cancel reply Connect with: -or- Log in with your Telecoms.com account Alternatively, post a comment by completing the form below: Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Name * Email * Website Comment You may use these HTML tags and attributes: <a href="" title=""> <abbr title=""> <acronym title=""> <b> <blockquote cite=""> <cite> <code> <del datetime=""> <em> <i> <q cite=""> <strike> <strong> Related Content The smartphone identity crisis continues Samsung finishes week with a bang after yet another fire Google’s connectivity mission finds new life in India Good week for Google with wins from BT, Europe and Snap Webinars View all VSAT system Challenges 2017-2025 23 February 2017 White Papers View all Tomorrow’s world – what is the future of telecoms? Share 03 Feb 2017 Data Revelations: Nominum Data Science Security Report Share 15 Dec 2016 Network maintenance evolution and best practices for NFV assurance Share 22 Nov 2016 Events View all Container World 21-23 February 2017 View Event GSMA Mobile World Congress 27 February - 02 March 2017 View Event Cable Congress 08-09 March 2017 View Event Polls View all Who is liable for accidents caused by a self-driving car? Car manufacturer Who ever provides the software The driver Supplier of sensors  Loading ... Twitter View all MWC 2017 will be all about #5G for #Ericsson https://t.co/fO1ALMSo2V #featured #mwc2017 15 February 2017 @ 18:31:40 UTC #Softbank keeps rolling the dice with $3.3bn Fortress #acquisition https://t.co/QhtN2zrbF8 #operator #investment 15 February 2017 @ 18:31:40 UTC Address: Telecoms.com, 5 Howick Place, London, UK, SW1P 1WG ©Telecoms.com 2017. All rights reserved. Privacy & Cookies About Us Contact Us Advertise with us Connect with us: Websites are now required by law to gain your consent before applying cookies. We use cookies to improve your browsing experience. Parts of the website may not work as expected without them. By closing or ignoring this message, you are consenting to our use of cookies. X
Skip to content MilTech pr@satprnews.com Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 14 February 2017 by Military News ShoreTel Integrates with G Suite and Google Chrome to Streamline Workflows and Increase Productivity SUNNYVALE, Calif., Feb. 14, 2017 — ShoreTel® (NASDAQ: SHOR), a leading provider of communication solutions that make interactions simple, today launched ShoreTel Connect for Chrome browser, an integrated solution that delivers a unified communications experience between ShoreTel Connect, G Suite and Google Chrome. With a new client app, users can streamline workflows and increase efficiencies with integrated contacts, events and call control. Specifically, this integration enables users to: „Google Chrome browser and G Suite are heavily used in the enterprise and across verticals, so the time is right to integrate ShoreTel Connect with Google,” said Eugenia Corrales, Senior Vice President of Solutions Group at ShoreTel. „Our new offer reinforces our commitment to create intuitive and integrated solutions. Now, Chrome browser users have a seamless enhanced experience with the integrated ShoreTel features. We will continue to grow our capabilities in this area with a focus on broader web-based collaboration.” Matt Pingatore, CEO of Packet Fusion, a ShoreTel Platinum partner, said: „The world today is suffering from ‚tool fatigue’ with too many overlapping desktop productivity tools. With ShoreTel Connect for Chrome browser, users are not forced to use one tool over the other but can pick the place where they want to work. Genius! And the sales process for us just got easier.” Connect CLOUD and ONSITE users can get up and running quickly and easily by downloading the ShoreTel Connect extension from the GoogleChrome webstore. Connect for Chrome browser is available for no additional cost to U.S. Connect CLOUD and Connect ONSITE customers with Essentials, Standard and Advanced service or product plans. For more information, visit here. About ShoreTel, Inc. ShoreTel (NASDAQ: SHOR) provides businesses worldwide with communication solutions that make interactions simple. From business phone systems, unified communications and contact center solutions to a fully hosted voice and SMS development platform, ShoreTel delivers unmatched flexibility and ease for companies looking to increase productivity and drive innovation. ShoreTel offers solutions in the cloud, onsite or a hybrid of both, giving customers the freedom to choose the best fit for their business needs now and in the future. Headquartered in Sunnyvale, Calif., ShoreTel has offices and partners worldwide. For more information, visit shoretel.com. ShoreTel, ShoreTel Connect and the ShoreTel logo are trademarks or registered trademarks of ShoreTel, Inc. in the United States and/or other countries. All rights reserved. All other trademarks, trade names and service marks herein are the property of their respective owners. ShoreTel contact: Katie Maller 408-962-2786 kmaller@shoretel.com SOURCE ShoreTel CategoriesUncategorized TagsBusiness, Companies, New Products & Services, service, World Post navigation Previous PostPrevious California Wine Exports Reach Record $1.62 Billion in 2016 Next PostNext Advocates to Storm Texas State Capitol to Request Resources to Help Fight Suicide Search our contacts Search for: Search Recent Posts ATLAS Mara Limited: Strategic Update & Leadership Changes Pixium Vision anuncia el primer implante y activación de IRIS® II en España La continua crescita dell’industria dello pneumatico procede di pari passo con lo sviluppo e-commerce di OPONEO Trifast plc Trading Update: Strong Trading, Keeps us on Track With our Expectations to Achieve Another Record Breaking Financial Year La continua crescita dell’industria dello pneumatico procede di pari passo con lo sviluppo e-commerce di OPONEO Proudly powered by WordPress
clock menu more-arrow Log In or Sign Up Log In Sign Up Tech Science Culture Cars Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker Forums TL;DR more Tech Apple Google Microsoft Apps Photography Virtual Reality Business All Tech Science Space Energy Health Environment All Science Culture Web TV Film Games Comics Music All Culture Cars Ride-Sharing Cars Mass Transit Aviation Rideables All Transportation Reviews Phones Laptops Cameras Tablets Headphones Smartwatches VR Headsets This is my Next All Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker Forums TL;DR ✕ Interview Tech Sonos How Sonos will take on Alexa and Google: by integrating them New, 17 comments A conversation with Patrick Spence by Dieter Bohn@backlon Feb 14, 2017, 9:48am EST share tweet Linkedin It’s a weird time for Sonos — and not because it recently got a new CEO. That transition seems to have happened without much drama, with Patrick Spence taking over a company he’d already been with for some time. But there is plenty of drama in the wireless speaker space where Sonos lives. The very idea of a “wireless speaker” has changed from just being a thing you use to play music and become a voice-controlled tube with artificial intelligence inside of it. To be fair, it’s not that the Amazon Echo, Google Home, and whatever Apple and Microsoft are cooking up are all direct competition for Sonos. Sonos is still firmly at the high end of the speaker market, appealing in large part to audiophiles who like their hi-fi speakers. But all of those other speakers could be giving people less reason to buy a Play:1 or some other Sonos device. When Spence took over, he sent out a memo to his employees that faced that new reality in a relatively clear-eyed way about the challenges Sonos faces from those assistant-style speakers. He noted that Sonos needs to have a “bias to action,” which is executive speak for “releasing products more quickly.” A couple weeks ago, when Spence was making the press rounds in San Francisco, we sat down with him for a candid discussion about Sonos’ future. He hinted pretty strongly that his company would finally think about making an “outdoor” speaker and explained why he thought Sonos would be able to become the Switzerland of wireless speakers — a place where Siri and Alexa and Google can all coexist. (Or perhaps a better metaphor would be Rick’s Cafe in Casablanca.) We’re still a little dubious that all of Sonos’ partners will let that happen, but Spence believes Sonos’ track record in working with competing music services is as an indicator that he can pull it off. Of course, between now and then Sonos needs to get better microphones in (or attached to) its products. And as for people buying Echoes instead of Sonos speakers? Spence’s hope is that they’ll step up to Sonos eventually. This interview has been edited for clarity and length. It seems like Sonos lives at the high end of home audio, and then Alexa came in and is just doing home assistance stuff and people are just buying that speaker because the sound is good enough. And now that's what they're filling their home with because they're cheaper. Do you feel like Sonos wants to stay at the high end of home audio, or do you feel like you need to move into the low end? I think the good thing about what Amazon and Google have done is get more people interested in [home audio]. I think that a Play:1 is $199. I really believe that if we do this right, that there'll be a lot of people that we target that'll want to step up to something like a Play:1, for instance, as part of it. Definitely things like sound quality continue to be really important to what we do. I think that reliability and quality of the Sonos experience ... People know it's rock solid. That's what we want to stick to. Make sure we have that really quality experience. Then [you think about supporting multiple] services, which I think are really important for people. As you think about the home, it's just different. You know my kids use Spotify, I use Apple Music, I use Google Play Music, my wife uses Pandora. You need something that can support all of those. I think that's where not everybody's going to use Alexa. Not everybody's going to use Google Assistant. I may use one, my wife may use another. That's where we're in a unique position in the industry as opposed to this notion of like high end or low end or anything like that. What was your first impression of Alexa? I was immediately saying, "This is important as a technology.” In terms of creating something we've always talked about, which is “time to music.” How quickly can you get that music playing? As I watched my own kids start to use that and say, "I'm not going to go get the iPad or an iPod to be able to do it." I saw it and I said, "We really need to get on this bandwagon. How are we going to be able to make it faster to get to your music and get it playing?" Now it's not great for discovery. It's not great for going deeper and building a playlist, [which are] a bunch of things that you need. So it's a complementary thing to having an app or another experience. Was your first thought, “We're going to try to build this type of feature set ourselves,” then? Or did you start talking to Amazon right away? We started engaging with Amazon right away because — I mean — you know our history. We didn't try to create a music service. We know there's people out there that do a really good job of that. You see it with Spotify, you see it with Apple, you see it with follow players. We knew people would be putting billions into these assistants. It's much better, in my opinion, if we are partnering with some of the players out there. I think it's been really interesting to watch. “We started engaging with Amazon right away.” You know Amazon, right from the get-go, has been really open about engaging on it. We found a really good partnership there. I'd say with Google, it was interesting at the beginning to see like how much was it going to be a push of home versus the Google Assistant. I think even they, as they've started to get into this, really said, "Okay, let's open this up and try to get our Assistant on as many devices as possible." So if you knew right away you wanted Alexa on Sonos, can you tell us why it hasn’t come out yet? What’s taking so long? We're doing it a little differently in terms of the way we approach it. Of course, we could have done it [on a different scale] and been off and running that way. But you know we think broader about the experience and what's possible. We're actually doing some work with them which is unique around the music experience that we're creating. We believe that it's worth investing that time and energy to create something a little bit more unique. Others will be able to use whatever we're working with Amazon on, and they'll be able to build on that. I think it's really important we get that experience right, and that we are thinking about how we support a world where there are multiple voice services, too. We didn't want to end up in a situation where we're only supporting one. You know, for instance, at CES, a lot of those devices are dedicated to one voice service. It would be like a speaker that could only do Spotify. How useful is that really in the home context? We want to make sure that customers have an opportunity to use any of the voice services that are out there. Do you really think it's likely that Sonos will be able to be agnostic in the coming battle of who's going to be the main assistant in homes? We're already seeing Google and Amazon starting to fight. Maybe Apple will come in someday. All of these companies are deeply incentivized to try and get their partners to sign deals that are exclusive. Do you really think that a player as big in home audio as Sonos is going to be able to work with all those services at once? I think we have a great track record on this. I totally understand the question, but I think we have a great track record on this through music services. Apple Music being on Sonos, I think, was a surprise to a lot of people, [and then we added] Spotify, Google Play Music. I think we sit in a unique position where we have an amazing set of customers and we've been able to actually kind of put that first. Look, if you're Amazon, you know you need to be on as many devices as possible to get the orders, right? As you think about what the prime motivation is. For Google, if you're not on every device so that you can be for the search opportunity, that's a huge miss. If you think about the people that have Sonos today, that's why it was interesting to Apple Music, that's why I believe it's interesting to every voice service that's out there. Do you think that every Sonos speaker in the future needs to have good far-field microphones so it can itself act as an assistant? Absolutely. When will Sonos devices come with far-field microphones? Stay tuned. “If I want to ask Google a question and my wife wants to ask Alexa a question, we should be able to do that.” Will I set up my Sonos and part of the setup process is, "Which assistant would you like to use," and then the microphones will listen for just that assistant? I actually see it a little bit differently because we should be able to, in the same way you can set up multiple voice services today, [you] should be able to do that [with assistants]. Again, I wouldn't want to lock a home into one particular one. If I want to ask Google a question and my wife wants to ask Alexa a question, we should be able to do that. That's what we want to pull off. Are you going to work with Amazon to make that experience better with the Dot connected to Sonos? That is really what we shared back in September, [which was that] the first phase of the experience will be an ability to control your Sonos from your Dot or Echo. That's kind of job one as we go through this and obviously you can tell where we go to job two. We would love to do the same thing with Google Home. Fundamentally, there’s a tension for Sonos that’s not entirely unlike what you faced when you were at BlackBerry: disruption from a place you didn’t expect. You’re busy making high-end speakers, but maybe people care less about quality and are willing to just buy a ton of cheap Echos or Google Homes. How do you strategically make sure that you don't get hit from left field? Absolutely. I am paranoid about disruption and particularly so because of my time at BlackBerry. That's why as quickly as I could I got an Echo. I go through these things. I try to use them as much as possible. As we think about that future, a couple things are happening. One is that music streaming services are exploding and we continue to innovate and do things like allow you to play from the app like we've done with Spotify. And you'll see a lot more of that. We're going to continue to evolve our own app. “I'm not sure that they're going to throw a $50 Dot in every room.” In the home, there are multiple rooms and multiple kind of use cases — around, for instance, the television or other screens. There's the outdoor room, there's the bedroom, the bathroom. There are different uses that are there that I think get underestimated. So as people think about the design of their home, and they think about what they want to put in their home, I'm not sure that they're going to throw a $50 Dot in every room — particularly if they love music — and that's who we're going after. I don't think it's as simple as smartphones, [where] the people would buy into a particular ecosystem and then lock in and everything around that. I think the home and the number of people in a home make it a complex kind of situation, which I think we can take advantage of. We have a proven track record of supporting multiple services from competing vendors. Certainly I'm sure there are people that have purchased a Google Home or an Echo instead of a Play:1, but I don't look at that [and think] they're dead to Sonos. There's an opportunity to get into their living room and get into other rooms in their home with some of the interoperability work we're doing. What's an ideal sort of end game for you at Sonos? Does Sonos want to be its own giant, public technology company? Does Sonos see itself partnering in more serious ways in the future? What happens if another company offers to buy Sonos? The good news is we're profitable, so we have some leeway with this, which I think puts us in a unique position. We'll see how it evolves over time. Right now, certainly, we're pretty clear in terms of what our mission is. To fill every home with music. We can see that we are able to do that. We've built something unique. We're also not here in the Bay Area. We're in Santa Barbara and Boston and spread throughout the world. We do things a little differently. You may have seen we've done these private rounds as we go through which gives employees an opportunity for liquidity. We're fully diluted. We are an employee-owned company, as well. We do things a little differently and I think we have options. We're not in any rush to do anything, but our ultimate objective is to fill as many homes with music as possible. I see us being an independent company doing that. Do you think if you were to grow in a significant way you would have to branch out into other products? Non-speaker products for the home? No, I don't see that yet. I think there's a lot of opportunity ahead. Obviously, I'll be looking at what other things are out there, what do we need to do. But no, I don't foresee that being necessary for us to become a multi-billion dollar company. What about different kinds of speakers? Sonos has resisted the temptation to put out just a Bluetooth speaker. Are you going to continue to resist that temptation? “There's the outdoor room we haven't addressed.” I think the Bluetooth speakers are the ones that have been hardest hit by the introduction of things like the Echo and the Home. Certainly we're looking at like the different use cases for our products. I feel like we have so much room to run still in the home. There's the outdoor room we haven't addressed. There's a whole bunch of interesting ideas we have around TV sound, there's a whole bunch of great ideas for the home. I think we've got a lot of room to run there. We'll continue to look at it and evaluate it but yeah. I think we've got a lot more to do in the home. Has anyone offered to buy Sonos? No. Do you think you need to be involved more in the Smart Home ecosystem? Do you want to talk to my Smart light bulb? Do you want to talk to my Smart thermostat? Or do you feel like Sonos is better thought of as one of the satellites in an Internet of Things home and not the hub? I think anytime people get focused on that hub, it seems to become kind of overwhelming, and then they get into these weird battles of different standards. Let's spend the rest of our time arguing about Z-Wave vs. Zigbee. I think that would be great. Yeah! So for us, I think part of it is we get some benefits with working with the likes of Amazon and Google — where they're actually tying in and allowing that. We'll leave it to some of the companies that are working on those types of interoperability and we should be able to ride the wave of those, I hope. That's not an area I feel we can differentiate or should focus on. You know, I'm sorry. I'm still hung up on this idea that you're going to be able to play nice with Google and Amazon and Apple... I get it. What's your strategy for pulling that off? Do you have leverage because of your install base of customers? I think if you rewind a bit, if you sat there 10 years ago and said, “You're going to get every competing music service on a platform,” You would've thought “That's crazy, there's no way.” “We stay very focused on what we're good at and then we'll partner for the rest of it.” I think today we're in a much better position [today] in terms of the homes that we're in. With Apple and the Apple Music side, certainly it [helped] that we're in all musician's homes and they said, "Listen, I'd love to try Apple Music but it'll need to be on Sonos." I think if you are trying to sell something, [or] you're the biggest retail engine that's out there, or if you're the biggest search engine that's out there, you're motivated to get into the kind of homes that Sonos is in. I also think we approach it in a pretty open way. We also, unlike a lot of companies, we're not going to go try to compete then and extend into search or extend into retail or do some of the things that other companies will do. We stay very focused on what we're good at and then we'll partner for the rest of it. I think that does put us in a unique position and we've got a track record of doing it. Lauren Goode contributed to this interview. More From The Verge The Hawai’ian volcano that created a spectacular firehose of lava just collapsed Apple, Facebook, Google, and 94 others file opposition to Trump's immigration ban Google’s Super Bowl ad accidentally set off a lot of Google Homes Lady Gaga opened her Super Bowl performance with a protest anthem Trump is turning Elon Musk into a crony capitalist Why the sounds of eating make some people so angry Now Trending I've been doing Windows screenshots wrong this whole time Exclusive: The Caavo streaming box is built on game-changing machine vision for TV McDonald’s over-engineered the straw so you can drink your Shamrock Shake Nokia’s legendary 3310 rumored to return at MWC Dell XPS 13 2-in-1 review: bent out of shape This Article has a component height of 69. The sidebar size is long. Loading comments... The Latest Google US & World Tech Google adds Barbara Bush’s taco recipe and other presidential artifacts to online collection by Amar Toor@amartoo Google this week released a new collection of presidential photos, documents, and other artifacts, as part of its online American Democracy collection. In a blog post published Wednesday, Google Arts and Culture said it has added more than 20,000... New, 0 comments Circuit Breaker Google Mobile Huawei will have its own voice assistant in China by Vlad Savov@vladsavov Fresh off integrating Amazon's Alexa in the Huawei Mate 9, the world's third biggest smartphone manufacturer is now also working on crafting its own voice assistant, specifically tailored for China. A report from Bloomberg has illuminated some of... New, 0 comments Circuit Breaker Mobile Tech ZTE is coming out with a gigabit phone at Mobile World Congress by Rich McCormick It might not be time for proper 5G devices just yet, but ZTE is bringing us a step closer, announcing today that it will show off one of the first gigabit LTE smartphones at Mobile World Congress this month. Called — fittingly — the ZTE Gigabit... New, 2 comments Science Space Rocket Lab’s experimental rocket arrives at New Zealand launch pad for debut flight by Loren Grush@lorengrush After three years of developing a brand new rocket, aerospace startup Rocket Lab has finally transported a finished vehicle to the New Zealand launch pad where it will take its first flight. The rocket, called the Electron, has been tested on the... New, 2 comments Web Culture Reddit overhauls its front page for new users and lurkers by Rich McCormick Reddit — the self-described “front page of the internet” — has changed its front page. Rather than the top stories from 50 curated subreddits, visitors to the site will now see popular stories from across the site, on a new homepage the company... New, 3 comments Apple Tech Apple may replace the home button with a ‘function area’ on the next iPhone by Jordan Golson@jlgolson The next iPhone could see the elimination of the Home button and Touch ID sensor in favor of an edge-to-edge design and “virtual buttons” at the bottom of the screen. The rumors come from the well-sourced Ming-Chi Kuo, an analyst for KGI, via M... New, 29 comments Chorus Terms of Use Privacy Policy Communications Preferences Contact Tip Us Community Guidelines About Ethics Statement All Systems Operational Check out our status page for more details. Vox Media Advertise with us Jobs @ Vox Media © 2017 Vox Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved tweet share
Gadgets Software Hardware Mobile Phones Internet Apple Features Everything Else Search ADVERTISE SPONSORED POSTS ABOUT US PRIVACY CONTACT US Sign in Welcome! Log into your account your username your password Forgot your password? Get help Password recovery Recover your password your email A password will be e-mailed to you. TechShout Gadgets Software Hardware Mobile Phones Internet Apple Features Everything Else Home Internet Google to ban torrent sites Internet Google to ban torrent sites By Bindu Nair - Feb 14, 2017 Share on Facebook Tweet on Twitter tweet Google is reportedly stepping up its tactics when it comes to scrubbing out the appearance of torrent websites from its search results. It might be joined by a number of other search engines such as Yahoo or Bing. The entertainment industry has blamed Google and its ilk in the past of not being active enough in the fight against piracy. The search giant apparently got a billion takedown requests last year. Still, it’s easy enough to find torrent sites like The Pirate Bay or Kickass Torrents right now on the first page itself. Word is that countries like the UK are thinking of introducing legislation to put a stop to this. Rather than being forced to comply with a law, Google and entertainment industry representatives are choosing to go with a voluntary agreement instead. After being part of roundtable discussions with the UK’s Intellectual Property Office, all the parties involved are supposedly going to enforce this code starting from 1 June 2017. Also See: Google app gets offline search feature The meetings appear to be held in secret since they aren’t being spoken about in public. TorrentFreak quotes UK politician Baroness Buscombe as stating that key contents of the code have been finalized and an agreement will probably take place very soon. She also went on to praise the search engines involved, stating that they have been making changes to their algorithms and working with the entertainment industry to explore options. It’s not immediately clear what effect the code will have after it’s been enforced since concrete details about it aren’t being disclosed as of now. In any case, clearing search results of torrent sites may or may not have a significant impact on piracy since people usually find a way around such hiccups. It’ll be interesting to see if the rumored code spreads beyond UK shores to other countries such as the US or India, with the latter currently trying its own methods to clamp down on illegal downloads. SOURCETorrentFreak TAGS Google Kickass Torrents The PIrate Bay SHARE Facebook Twitter tweet Previous articleNokia N series, Nokia 3310 set to make comeback Next articleXiaomi, Apple, Samsung offering Valentine’s Day discounts Bindu Nair RELATED ARTICLESMORE FROM AUTHOR Twitter to stop banned trolls from creating new accounts Twitter promises big changes to tackle abuse coming this week Facebook rolls out tweaks to combat fake news in News Feed 245,104FansLike 13,663FollowersFollow 13,674SubscribersSubscribe TRENDING All Alternatives Apple Cameras Download Features Gaming General Guide Hardware Home Entertainment Interesting Internet iPod News Laptops Mobile Phones Science Security Software Tablet Tech Reviews Telecom Wireless More HTC to launch mobile VR device this year Bertila Helena - Feb 16, 2017 0 iPhone 8 to drop physical home button for ‘function area’ Bindu Nair - Feb 16, 2017 0 Samsung to announce Galaxy S8 launch date at MWC 2017 Bindu Nair - Feb 16, 2017 0 Load more ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT © TechShout.com 2016
Back Comprehensive, authoritative and easy to digest, Econsultancy’s award-winning research offers practical advice on all aspects of digital business, marketing and ecommerce. Subscribe Now Research Best Practice Best Practice Guides Elearning Analyst-led Roundtables Toolkits and Templates Market Data Internet Statistics Compendium Survey Reports Supplier Selection Supplier Directory RFPs Top 100 Digital Agencies Report Trends & Innovation Case Studies Database Digital Shift Trends Reports Browse all Research Research Best Practice Best Practice Guides Elearning Analyst-led Roundtables Toolkits and Templates Market Data Internet Statistics Compendium Survey Reports Supplier Selection Supplier Directory RFPs Top 100 Digital Agencies Report Trends & Innovation Case Studies Database Digital Shift Trends Reports Browse all Research Channels Advertising Content Customer Experience Data & Analytics Ecommerce Email & eCRM Mobile Search Marketing Social Strategy & Operations B2B Innovation & Trends Econsultancy subscriptions are designed to help individuals and teams make the most of digital. Find out more Subscriber Research & Data Featured The newbie's glossary of misunderstood digital marketing jargon 15 Feb 2017 Why did Poundland’s ecommerce trial fail? 13 Feb 2017 10 epic digital marketing stats from this week 10 Feb 2017 More from our Blog Econsultancy Newsletter Our market-leading Daily Pulse newsletter is an invaluable source for digital and ecommerce analysis, inspiration and learning. View a sample Daily Pulse Latest digital marketing and ecommerce insight from multi- award-winning team of analysts and experts. Popular blog tags More from our Blog Blog Future of Digital Marketing London The Digitals Awards Ceremony Festival of Marketing Events Types Conferences Digital Shift Awards Roundtables Webinars Event Types Conferences Digital Shift Awards Roundtables Webinars Find out more Digital Cream Econsultancy's Digital Cream is one of the landmark industry moderated roundtable events for marketers. Sydney, September 2017 Singapore, November 2017 Festival of Marketing London, October 2016 The Masters of Marketing Awards London, October 2016 Featured Events MWLive London, March 2017 Insight Show London, March 2017 View all Events Econsultancy regularly hosts exciting and informative events for multi-disciplines all over the globe. Find out more Events Public Training Courses Custom Training Elearning Digital Skills Index Training Navigator Public Training Courses Regular training courses run globally for individuals across all digital topics including Search, Ecommerce, Email, Analytics and more. Custom Training Your team is not like any other. You're addressing specific challenges and opportunities with a particular skill set. That's where our bespoke, in-company digital training comes in. Elearning Econsultancy's elearning modules offer a comprehensive and convenient introduction to core digital marketing and ecommerce skills when you or your team need to get up to speed quickly. Online Classroom The Econsultancy Online Classroom provides all the advantages of our face-to-face training, with the added benefit of a flexible, online format that allows you to learn wherever you are. Accessible now as an upgrade to the Econsultancy subscription. Digital Skills Index Lite Identify your knowledge gaps and compare yourself with your peers. Training Navigator Find the ideal training course for you. Featured Training Fast Track Digital Marketing Intensive: Mastering eCRM Mobile UX (User Experience) & Marketing Programmatic View all Training Courses Up-to-date and relevant training from our passionate researchers, analysts, consultants and practitioners. Find out more Training Econsultancy's Digital Transformation programme helps companies identify the gaps between where they are and where they need to be, then closes them. Find out more Digital Skills Assessment Identify your team’s knowledge gaps and get benchmarked against others in your industry. Digital Maturity Audit Uncover areas of weaknesses in your digital capabilities with a clear scoring framework to address these factors. Econsultancy's Digital Transformation helps the world's biggest brands accelerate their journey to digital excellence. Find out more Transformation Jobs Find a Supplier Search our directory containing profiles of organisations, including agencies, consultancies, technology vendors, freelancers and contractors, who provide digital marketing or ecommerce services, solutions or technology. Add your Supplier Profile To get found and noticed you’ll need a Full Profile. Get a Full Profile today and you could benefit from up to 400 leads per year. Supplier Selection Our Research Buyer's Guides, RFPs and Agency Top 100 to help you find a supplier. Advice If you're transforming your organisation's digital capabilities, skills and resources, talk to us. Econsultancy's Supplier Directory contains over 2,000 suppliers and is growing all the time. Find Out More Supplier Directory Blog Email Marketing Twitter Facebook Events Conferences Awards Roundtables Digital Shift Webinars Briefings Social Events Training Public Training Courses Custom Training Elearning Digital Skills Index More Transformation Supplier Directory Press Releases About Econsultancy Contact Us More Log In Email Password Remember me I've forgotten my password or need to reset it Not registered with us? Register for free In: Back {{ filter.name }} ({{ filter.count | formatThousends }}) Filter by: Back {{ searchResult.type }} {{ searchResult.published_at | date:'d MMMM yyyy' }} Show more Loading ... {{ item.title }} {{ item.short_summary }} {{ em.name }}{{ $last ? '' : ',' }} Show more Loading ... Enter a search term such as “mobile analytics” or browse our content using the filters above. That’s not only a poor Scrabble score but we also couldn’t find any results matching “”. Check your spelling or try broadening your search. Sorry about this, there is a problem with our search at the moment. Please try again later. You are here: Blog Share 14 February, 2017 Amazon Alexa: Brands must be careful before rushing in By Ben Davis @ Econsultancy 1 comment Amazon Echo and the intelligent assistant, Alexa, are the most interesting development in digital communications today. Unlike previously-hyped hardware such as Google Glass, Echo made a surprisingly quick entry to the market and has seen strong sales. The chart below from Business Insider shows estimated worldwide unit sales of 2.4m in 2015 and more than double that in 2016. What makes Alexa so interesting to me is not just the confluence of science fiction and reality, but the uncertainty about just how far this technology will be admitted into our lives. Most coverage of Alexa and most anecdotal user feedback (from my friends who have splashed out) suggests that the Echo is used for relatively limited functionality - chiefly, productivity and entertainment. A survey conducted by Statista (see below) showed playing music and controlling smart lights to be the most frequently used functionality. Being able to check and update your shopping list or calendar, play music, search Google - none of this is inconsequential, of course. For many, these features alone are enough to justify investing in an Echo. But the survey results beg the question - how will functionality evolve and should brands be getting in on the act? The research was conducted at a relatively early stage for Echo (Alexa Skills increased in number by c.4000 between May and December 2016), and the sample size of the survey wasn't great either. Are Echo owners now ready for some more varied functionality? Of the integrations now available in early 2017 there are some that conceptually seem like a good fit. Uber and Domino's for example. Whilst there may be the odd bit of friction involved, partly due to functionality being tied to one default destination or pizza order, these are surely just wrinkles. However, for every one of these promising Skills there are others that have been met with derision by Echo owners. A problem of concept or execution? The growth in Skills developed by third-party developers is impressive, but look at the number of critical reviews. In the screenshot below I have broken out Amazon's cumulative frequencies to show the number of reviews left at each star rating. More than a third of reviews are one or two star reviews. Okay, some of these reviews are probably spurious. And not all Skills will work - just as not every mobile app works.  However, some of the bigger-brand forays into Alexa Skills (outside of news, entertainment and connected home) do seem patchy at this early stage. Almost 60% of 63 reviews for BMW's Alexa Skill are rated one star only. The functionality is limited and is not integrated with all of BMW's new models. How's this for a review: A brand new, $80k+ M4 Coupe and all I can do so far is have Alexa lock my doors, although I can't check whether they're already locked or not. "Alexa, ask BMW if my doors are locked." Reply: "This feature is not supported for your vehicle."; Not Alexa's fault though, BMW apparently hasn't made their end smart enough yet. To be fair to BMW, they responded, detailing what functionality this customer can try out (check trip details and turn on ventilation), and thanking them for being an early adopter. Even so, could this early release annoy valuable customers in a sector where tech is a big selling point? In the UK, National Rail's Alexa Skill has critical reviews pointing out poor UX, such as having to keep saying "more" to get Alexa to name every train time, or having to specify an exact railway station, when users often want to name a city. It is perhaps the perfect example of an experience more suited to a screen than a voice. Some of the Skills available are seemingly scuppered by poor implementation. But some of them are poor concepts, too. Until Amazon adds that rumoured screen to Echo, brands should think carefully whether their Alexa Skill will be a delightful experiment for high value customers or a frustrating waste of time. Getting involved early isn't necessarily a bad thing if brands are equipped to fail fast. However, if Skills are not updated regularly enough, they risk achieving the opposite of what is intended and giving users a poor and all-too memorable experience on their shiny new speaker. Early app developers arguably had a greater period of grace, as the world began to understand the power of smartphones. If Echo devices continue to fly off the shelves, I'm not sure Skill developers can sail as close to the wind. Further reading: Should financial services brands follow Capital One on to Amazon Echo? The problem with voice user interfaces like Amazon Alexa Published 14 February, 2017 by Ben Davis @ Econsultancy Ben Davis is a senior writer at Econsultancy. He lives in Manchester, England. You can contact him at ben.davis@econsultancy.com, follow at @herrhuld or connect via LinkedIn. 952 more posts from this author 1 comment Alexa, Customer Experience Comments (1) Philip Storey, Founder & Principal Consultant at Enchant AgencySmall Business Great blog, Ben! Interesting points and at this stage, I think Amazon Echo is simply a bridge to connect some of the services we would like to have integrated through smartphones, but in voice form. However, I believe that it essential that marketers start to consider what happens when screens are no longer the primary method of engagement / content consumption. Your blog last week said that a significant % of google searches on mobile are now voice searches, but what happens when those searches take place in environments where the output is voice and not a screen? So, I agree totally that Echo / Alexa requires a careful approach, but if voices becomes the new "screen", marketers should be considering what that world could look like for their business - sooner rather than later. about 20 hours ago Comment 
 Log in or sign up to post this comment Send me notifications of follow up comments Save or Cancel Insight delivered daily to your inbox Our market-leading Daily Pulse newsletter is an invaluable source for digital and ecommerce analysis, inspiration and learning. Advertise here » Posts trending now Understanding the customer journey: 70% of APAC marketers admit little channel integration about 8 hours ago Making the most of multichannel (with data’s help) 6 days ago Three ways brands are using emotional analytics to connect with customers 6 days ago Enjoying this article? Get more just like this, delivered to your inbox. Keep up to date with the latest analysis, inspiration and learning from the Econsultancy blog with our free Daily Pulse newsletter. Each weekday, you ll receive a hand-picked digest of the latest and greatest articles, as well as snippets of new market data, best practice guides and trends research. Most Popular Research Template Files for Digital Marketing and Web Projects Internet Statistics Compendium Checkout Optimization Guide: 70 Ways to Increase Conversion Rates Popular Report Topics Organic/Natural Search (SEO) Social Ecommerce User Experience and Usability Popular Training Topics User Experience and Usability Social Ecommerce Email Marketing Affiliate Marketing Popular Event Topics Organic/Natural Search (SEO) Social Multichannel Marketing User Experience and Usability Ecommerce More Blog Events Training Supplier Directory About Us Our Team Marketing Solutions Clients Contact Privacy & Cookies Policy Website Terms and Conditions Site Map Copyright © 2017 Econsultancy.com Limited. All rights reserved. This material is for personal use only. Use of this website constitutes acceptance of the Website Terms and Conditions and Privacy & Cookies Policy. Part of
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Politics With All Due Respect Global Risk Briefing How We’ll Know if Trump Is Making America Great Again Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts The Inauguration of Donald J. Trump On the March in Trump’s Capital Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Science + Energy Graphics Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe Here’s Why This Cat-Spotting AI Is Different Startup Gamalon gives AI bots a head start without Google-level resources. by Ashlee Vance @valleyhack More stories by Ashlee Vance February 14, 2017, 8:00 AM EST From Subscribe Reprints Illustration: Steph Davidson In 2012, Google researchers found a whimsical way to show off the power of the company’s artificial intelligence technology: They trained computers to recognize cats in YouTube videos. The project took years to pull off and required 16,000 computer processors to analyze 10 million images. That type of AI, known as deep learning, now powers Amazon.com’s smart speaker Echo and Tesla’s self-driving cars. While such software can seem magical, it still typically requires thousands of computers to spend months scanning millions of data points. Ben Vigoda, an MIT-trained computer scientist (and nephew of late actor Abe Vigoda), says he can cut out most of the grunt work and make AI projects doable for businesses without Google-level resources. His company, Gamalon Machine Intelligence, uses probability models to teach a computer to ID something like a cat in a few minutes by showing it just a few images. “You can run our software on a laptop, and it takes 100 times less horsepower to find an answer,” says Vigoda, who started Gamalon in 2013 but is showing its products to the public for the first time. A typical deep-learning system needs to see tons of cats to learn all their variations—cats with every length of legs, tails, whiskers, and so on. Gamalon’s system gets a head start on this process with a new form of what’s known as probabilistic programming. Shown a cat with a long tail and one with a short tail, it can fill in the gaps. “The promise here is that you use data a lot more efficiently,” says Brenden Lake, a data science fellow at New York University. Vigoda’s previous business, Lyric Semiconductor, hard-wired probability functions into computer chips. Lyric’s tech has found its way into Echo and cars, where it helps guess what people are saying, and into smartphones, where it improves the results of touches and swipes. With $4.5 million in funding from Silicon Valley investors and backing from the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency, the Pentagon’s research and development arm, the Gamalon team has spent the past few years advancing probability technology to broaden its usefulness. Academics have been working on probability-based AI systems for more than a decade, but few have made it to the real world. Microsoft’s TrueSkill, which ranks Xbox gamers, uses similar technology, as does pioneering startup Geometric Intelligence, acquired last year by Uber. Such systems have been tough to expand beyond very specific uses because humans still have to do the complex, time-consuming math to adjust their probability models. Gamalon’s big claim is that its software can adjust its own models, essentially reprogramming itself. While Vigoda says his technology can be applied broadly, his company has started by focusing on a niche. Its first products, called Structure and Match, are designed to scour common databases and fix ambiguities, like different spellings for customer names and addresses. Communications-hardware maker Avaya, one of Gamalon’s handful of early customers, has been using the software—which costs $10,000 a month for analysis of each 100,000 rows of text in a database—for this kind of task. The most important business stories of the day. Get Bloomberg's daily newsletter. Sign Up Thousands of companies resell Avaya’s products and record customer data in different ways. To keep its databases effectively searchable, Avaya used to use people to pore through them for months at a time, turning “St.” into “Street” or “HP” into “Hewlett-Packard.” “With Gamalon, we were able to match 85 percent of the data in minutes instead of days,” says senior director Cary Gumbert. Unlike find-and-replace search tools, the software can recognize context, so it doesn’t turn, say, the “St.” in “St. Louis” into “Street.” “If we train it more and tell it where it has missed something,” Gumbert says, “it will only get better.” The bottom line: Gamalon says it can cut AI training requirements from millions of photos and thousands of computers down to a few of each. Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Most Read Americans Just Broke the Psychologists’ Stress Record Aetna CEO: Obamacare in 'Death Spiral' Calls for Russia Probe Mount for White House Reeling From Flynn Fallout The Political Assassination of Michael Flynn Trump's F-35 Calls Came With a Surprise: Rival CEO Was Listening Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
Search Reviews iPhone Android How To Reviews iPhone How To Auto About Best Best Weight Loss Apps Best iPhone 7 Cases Best Budget Apps Things Apple Watch Can Do Best Alexa Skills Android Galaxy S7 Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Cases Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Deals Best Galaxy S7 Battery Cases Best Galaxy S7 Screen Protectors Best Galaxy S7 Edge Screen Protectors Best Galaxy S7 Edge Cases Deals Best Android Smartphones Under $200 [2017] Best Cheap Android Smartphones [2017] Android Nougat vs Android 6.0 Marshmallow Walkthrough: What’s New Cory Gunther02/02/2017 Now that Google’s Android Nougat update has been available for a while, current or future owners are wondering what’s new. Users can learn everything in our Android 7 vs Android 6.0.1 Marshmallow walkthrough below. This is a detailed comparison of Android 6.0.1 Marshmallow vs Android 7 Nougat on the Nexus 6P. Advertisement Here we will detail some of the new features and changes Google has made in Android Nougat, 7.1 and now the Android 7.1.2 Nougat release. There are over 50 changes, but only a few are visual. Many of the improvements are behind the scenes but will make a big difference as it arrives for Samsung, LG, HTC, Motorola and many other phones. Read: How to Fix Bad Nexus Android Nougat Battery Life Google’s Android 6.0 Marshmallow update was released in October 2015 after a long beta period, and Android 7.0 Nougat was released on August 22nd. It adds multiple impressive features and improves on the overall design. Additionally, Android 7.1.1 was released on December 5th, followed by a beta of 7.1.2 in January. As 2017 continues more and more manufacturers have started to release updates. Android 7.0 Nougat first debuted back on March 9th. Earlier than prior years in an effort to get it into users hands as fast as possible. As a result the company received more feedback, made additional changes, and were better prepared for future updates thanks to the beta period. Advertisement After months of fine-tuning the developer preview (beta) was released as a stable software update for all Nexus devices. Manufacturers are still busy developing the latest software. However, the LG G5 is getting Android 7.0 right now. Moto Z & G users have the latest release, HTC is doing the same, and Samsung is slowly getting around to it. Samsung’s Nougat beta recently ended, and we’re expecting most US carriers to update in February. Read: Android 6.0 vs Android 5.1 Lollipop: What’s New in Marshmallow As promised, Google offered multiple “maintenance releases” or previews of Android Nougat before it was released. Now, it’s a fully featured and stable release that will eventually arrive for all compatible Android devices. The beta versions are now 7.1.2 for select devices. Now that many Nexus and Pixel phones are on Android 7.1.1, others are up next. Expect carriers and manufacturers to continue working hard on updates as 2017 continues. Then, we’ll start getting Android 7.0 or Android 7.1.1 on all other phones. Advertisement Android 7.0 or Android 7.1 Nougat is a free software update for all smartphones and tablets that can support it. Many will get updates from manufacturers like Samsung, Motorola, LG and more. That said, it took most phones and tablets a long time to get Android 6.0 Marshmallow. We’re hoping N rolls out faster around the globe. Android 7.1.2 Nougat isn’t set to be released for a few months, and by then most should at least be on any of the versions of Nougat that are available. What’s New in Android Nougat Currently the Android 7.1.2 Nougat release is only available for the Nexus 5X, Nexus 6P, Nexus Player and the Pixel C tablet. As well as the Pixel phones. Three missing from that list are: the Nexus 5, Nexus 7 (2013) and the Nexus 10. We’ve recently learned the Nexus 5 won’t officially get the update to Android 7.0 at all. At least not from Google. Then, the Nexus 6 and Nexus 9 received 7.1.1 but won’t get 7.1.2 Nougat. Additionally, Android 7.1 is available on the Google Pixel, Nexus 5x, Nexus 6P and Pixel C. Other devices on Nougat are running Android 7.0 and not Google’s latest maintenance update. Some of the most noteworthy new features are split-screen multitasking and multi-window mode. This works great and supports all apps, not just select few like we see on Samsung or LG devices. Another huge addition to N is Android Instant Apps. This will enable Android to install small bits of an app (say, from a search result or web link) and allow one-time instant app usage. No installing an app and starting over. Android just adds what it needs for that moment, uses the app, and you’re done. It discards it once finished. Other changes include improved battery life again with a more efficient “Doze” on-the-go mode, seamless updates that happen behind the scenes (if enabled), a completely revamped notifications and settings menu that’s smarter, more detailed and enhanced. We also like the new round icons, space saver, and app icon shortcuts. Not to mention direct reply from notification bar for all apps, bunched notifications for a cleaner look, number blocking and call screening, improved Quick Setting tiles (and customization) and more. Meaning, there is a lot to see. We’ll be adding more to our list as we dig through each release. Comparison You can click on any of the images below to instantly jump to that image in the slideshow and see how that part of the OS compares to previous versions. It’s worth noting the older Android 6.0.1 Marshmallow will always be on the left if needed. Android 7.0 Nougat or 7.1.1 is on the right or by itself. We’ll update with more details as they become available. Multi-window Support   1 / 27 With Android N Google has finally delivered multi-window support. Essentially allowing two apps to run on the screen simultaneously. This works on both tablets and smartphones, and appears to work across all apps. We saw this in Android M previews, but it never made it to the final version. However, in Android N this is a highlight feature that's getting a lot of attention. Multi-window support works by tapping the square recent apps menu, then sliding any app to the top. Instantly users can run two apps at once, resize each screen as they see fit, and better multi-task on Android. This will be a very welcomed edition for Android tablet users, app developers and more. Google also states this will allow "Picture-in-Picture" mode for Android TV, which is awesome. Being able to watch TV while browse Netflix at the same time.   1 / 27 18 Responses 03/10/2016 Angelatphoenix Reply Cool inonce…!m­­­­­­­­­y f­­­­­­­­­r­­­­­­­­­i­­­­­­­­­e­­­­­­­­­n­­­­­­­­­d’s s­­­­­­­­­t­­­­­­­­­e­­­­­­­­­p-s­­­­­­­­­i­­­­­­­­­s­­­­­­­­­t­­­­­­­­­e­­­­­­­­­r m­­­­­­­­­a­­­­­­­­­k­­­­­­­­­e­­­­­­­­­s $85 /h­­­­­­­­­r o­­­­­­­­­n t­­­­­­­­­he co­­­­­­­­­mpu­­­­­­­­­ter . Sh­­­­­­­­­e ha­­­­­­­­­s be­­­­­­­­­en une­­­­­­­­­mplo­­­­­­­­­yed fo­­­­­­­­­r 8 mo­­­­­­­­­nt­­­­­­­­­hs bu­­­­­­­­­t las­­­­­­­­­t mo­­­­­­­­­nth he­­­­­­­­­r inco­­­­­­­­­me wa­­­­­­­­­s $20978 jus­­­­­­­­­t wo­­­­­­­­­rkin­­­­­­­­­g o­­­­­­­­­n th­­­­­­­­­e comp­­­­­­­­­ut­­­­­­­­­er fo­­­­­­­­­r a fe­­­­­­­­­w hour­­­­­­­­­s. see post… See More 03/13/2016 cheeseTom Reply Not really anything innovative there that hasn’t already been covered by other OS’s and products in existence elsewhere. I think Google are running out of ideas and just simply moving the UI around mostly to try and ‘wow’ people. Perhaps they should spend time sorting out their app store to better suit tablets and large screens rather than just pumping out new android versions for the sake of it. 03/16/2016 Cory Gunther Reply Um…. what do you think split screen and improved multi-tasking is for.. tablets. It makes the experience so much better. I’m using Android N on the Pixel C and it’s actually very impressive. And if you saw other coverage, the multi-window mode is far more advanced than Samsung’s, and others. 08/22/2016 Gag Reply Smartphone OS changes come subtly. Just jump back two versions and you’ll notice them clear as day. 04/04/2016 Wandacspector Reply Really…!m­­­­­­­­­y bu­­­­­­­­­ddy’s st­­­­­­­­­ep-mot­­­­­­­­­her mak­­­­­­­­­es $74 a­­­­­­­­­n hou­­­­­­­­­r o­­­­­­­­­n th­­­­­­­­­e inter­­­­­­­­­net . Sh­­­­­­­­­e h­­­­­­­­­as bee­­­­­­­­­n unem­­­­­­­­­ployed fo­­­­­­­­­r 8 mo­­­­­­­­­nths b­­­­­­­­­ut la­­­­­­­­­st m­­­­­­­­­onth h­­­­­­­­­er pa­­­­­­­­­y chec­­­­­­­­­k wa­­­­­­­­­s $15118 ju­­­­­­­­­st wo­­­­­­­­­rking o­­­­­­­­­n th­­­­­­­­­e inte­­­­­­­­­rnet fo­­­­­­­­­r a fe­­­­­­­­­w hou­­­­­­­­­rs. re­­­­­­­­­ad thi­­­­­­­­­s art­­­­­­­­­icle… See More 04/10/2016 Veronica Reply Hurrah…!Super and Easiest 0nl!nee Home opportunity for all. make 87 Dollars per hour and Make 2512 Dollars per month.All you just Need an Internet Connection and aComputer To Make Some Extra cash. Visit this link…… See More 04/18/2016 Jordan Tanner Reply Personally, the best part of Android N (and flying under the radar) is that they are stopping video, picture, and network push ad notifications. This means we’ll no longer have worry about those annoying pop-up adware features from mysterious apps like Flash Keyboard. Google getting that weak sauce out of here. 08/30/2016 Eric Reply It’s a improved battery life version of the previous improved battery life version of the previous improved battery life version we must be on super dooper improved battery life by now. 01/11/2017 Mr. Hasmukh Doshi Reply at least the battery is not exploding. 09/06/2016 Jean Brown Thomason Reply I tried android 6 and didn’t like it…I went back to android 5. If android 7 is like android 6, then I wi stay on andróid 5. Android 6 doesn’t let you move apps to the sd card…android 5 does. 10/01/2016 that guy Reply Android N Data Saver, 6/20: “[…] we want it towards the end of the month, and has auto-on options as well. Say around the 34-35th of each month if user are getting close to running out of data.” What kind of calendar are you using? Somebody with the technology capable of reaching a planet (or alternate universe) with 35 days each month probably isn’t worried about maxing their data plan out. 10/24/2016 Smart Reply That’s nice post…. LATEST ANDROID 7.1 NOUGAT NEW FEATURES & UPDATES https://smartbaba.ae/android-7-1-nougat-new-features-updates/ 11/01/2016 Al Bundy Reply Android 6.0 lets you move your apps to SD card. Go to apps-open app-click app memory and change storage 11/25/2016 bob Reply there is a typing error there is no 34th of the month… on data saving page 12/26/2016 Course2kud Reply I agree with Jordan N., getting rid of push ads is more important than all the other “improvements” combined. 01/12/2017 Anthony Reply I hope that backround upgrade will respect data usage rules and maybe only download on wifi. Pointless putting in the changes to minimise other apps background usage and then adding a feature that will automatically download a 2GB or more image in the background while roaming. 01/12/2017 Gift Reply “34th or 35th of each month”… Is that an intentional joke? 02/14/2017 Wolf Reply My favorite ones are the GIF keyboard support & the finger gestures, with all these additions it’s getting less necessary to rely on 3rd party apps. Gotta love the Droid Leave a Reply Cancel Reply Your email address will not be published. Comment Name* Email* Website 3 Reasons Not to Install Galaxy S7 Nougat & 5 Reasons You Should 02/07/2017 4 Reasons Not to Install iOS 10.2.1 & 6 Reasons You Should 02/01/2017
e-paper India Follow us: Today in New Delhi, India Feb 15, 2017-Wednesday -°C New Delhi Humidity - Wind - select city Metro cities - Delhi Mumbai Chennai Kolkata Other cities - Noida Gurgaon Bengaluru Hyderabad Bhopal Chandigarh Dehradun Indore Jaipur Lucknow Patna Ranchi Powered by Close india elections 2017 world cities opinion cricket sports entertainment lifestyle tech education whatnow photos videos jaago re Livemint Livehindustan Shine HTcampus Mycollegesabroad Desimartini Blocking of torrent sites will not dissuade pirates: Here’s how tech Updated: Feb 14, 2017 19:25 IST Siladitya Ray Hindustan Times, New Delhi Many countries have taken measures to shut down the peer-to-peer downloads site but somehow the torrent sites are still accessible to many users via new websites.(Shutterstock Image) The entertainment industry has for years blamed companies such as Google, Yahoo and Microsoft for not doing enough to prevent instances of internet piracy. In fact, entertainment industry bodies at various times have even accused Google of fueling it and profiting from it. Reports said on Monday that Google, Yahoo and Bing executives met representatives of the entertainment industry in the UK facilitated by the British Intellectual Property office and that the search giants are close to signing a deal to ban torrent aggregators. The move intends to ensure that access to pirated content is cut-off at the search level itself. For example, a consumer searching for ‘Download movie XYZ’ will no longer be directed to torrent sites from where the pirated copy of said movie can be accessed. While the move may prevent some people from accessing pirated content, savvy users will easily be able to circumvent it. Here are five ways how the torrent sites will still be accessible to users: Through other search engines Most pirates are likely to move from the traditional search engines like Google and Bing to privacy-focussed ones like DuckDuckGo and Ixquick. Sites such as DuckDuckGo emphasize on protecting searchers’ privacy and avoiding the filtered search results. This means no website, including torrent sites, will be filtered out from search results. Directly accessing torrent sites Popular torrents sites maintain their own internal search engine for pirated content. Users can go around the ban by simply visiting popular torrent sites directly and searching for the content they need. The most popular public torrent platforms offer very sophisticated search engines that allow users to filter results by popularity. Private trackers While public torrent trackers (platforms) are popular with most users, private trackers offer a significant upgrade. They’re called “private” because they regulate who is allowed to use the site or in other words they are an exclusive community. Because the rules are so strict and the sites are so much less visited than sites such as The Pirate Bay, users are a lot less likely to have someone looking over their shoulder. So, the search engine ban hammer is unlikely to affect access to these sites because of their relative obscurity. Illegal streaming sites Torrenting is so 2003 and illegal streaming sites are the new king, at least that is what the data says. A large majority of traffic for both TV and film piracy is now being hogged by streaming piracy sites instead of torrent-based downloading, with roughly 58 billion visits last year alone according to research group Muso. “There’s a clear piracy audience trend change away from content ‘ownership’ using P2P/Torrents or web downloads,” the company reported. Just how large is that? According to Muso, streaming volume accounts for approximately 74% of all TV and movie piracy online, with traffic to torrent sites dropping sharply. tags Torrents blocked Google Yahoo Bing Online piracy more from tech WhatsApp to soon roll out Snapchat like Stories feature in iOS Feb 15, 2017 11:53 IST Back from the dead: Nokia 3310 set to make a comeback, say reports Feb 15, 2017 11:52 IST A Guide to Teaching Your Kids About Money Partnered feature Recommended for you India World Business Education Autos Real estate Opinion Analysis Columns Editorials Blogs Authors Cities Delhi Gurgaon Noida Mumbai Bhopal Chandigarh Dehradun Indore Jaipur Kolkata Lucknow Patna Ranchi Sports Cricket Football Tennis Others Entertainment Movie reviews Bollywood Hollywood Regional movies World cinema TV Music Tabloid Lifestyle Sex & relationship Health & fitness Fashion & trends Art & culture Travel Books Brunch Tech Tech Reviews Gadgets Photos Videos Epaper HT Indepth Punjab Livemint Livehindustan Shine HTcampus Desimartini HTsyndication Follow us on: Newsletter Register with Hindustan Times to get best news and articles Copyright © HT Media Limited All rights reserved. About us Contact us Privacy policy Disclaimer Print Ad rates Jobs Bandipora encounter: CRPF officer undergoing surgery at AIIMS, remains critical Feb 15, 2017 20:35 IST PM Modi’s face on Awas Yojna website is poll code violation, says Election Comm... Feb 15, 2017 20:29 IST Assembly elections: Uttarakhand polls record high voter turnout at 68% Feb 15, 2017 20:20 IST Supreme Court gets five new judges, HC CJs on hold for now Feb 15, 2017 20:27 IST Jaya, Sasikala had jewellery, watches, cars worth crores, reveals SC ruling Feb 15, 2017 19:51 IST New version of naval light combat aircraft to be developed by DRDO soon Feb 15, 2017 19:44 IST Assembly elections: High voter turnout witnessed, over 68 % in Uttarakhand and 65%... Feb 15, 2017 19:47 IST uttar pradesh punjab goa uttarakhand manipur In a first, six all-women polling booths set up in Uttarakhand elections Feb 15, 2017 20:26 IST Assembly elections: Uttarakhand polls record high voter turnout at 68% Feb 15, 2017 20:20 IST Assembly elections: High voter turnout witnessed, over 68 % in Uttarakhand and 65%... Feb 15, 2017 19:47 IST Criminals released on parole to influence UP elections: BJP Feb 15, 2017 18:58 IST A biggie, a rebel and a woman make the contest interesting Feb 15, 2017 18:10 IST Hate crimes in UK reach record levels after Brexit referendum Feb 15, 2017 19:56 IST Man jailed for Air India flight 182 bombing allowed to go home by Canada author... Feb 15, 2017 19:55 IST UAE says ambassador to Afghanistan dies of bomb attack wounds Feb 15, 2017 19:51 IST London schoolboy bullied called‘terrorist’ by classmates; wants to join ISIS Feb 15, 2017 19:41 IST India, Nepal to build new cross-border power lines Feb 15, 2017 19:21 IST Russia tells White House it will not return Crimea to Ukraine Feb 15, 2017 19:09 IST UK won’t ‘demonetise’ £5 notes that contain animal fat Feb 15, 2017 19:44 IST delhi gurgaon noida mumbai bhopal chandigarh dehradun indore jaipur kolkata lucknow patna ranchi In a first, six all-women polling booths set up in Uttarakhand elections Feb 15, 2017 20:26 IST 100 days since note ban: ATMs in city still run dry Feb 15, 2017 19:46 IST Assembly elections: High voter turnout witnessed, over 68 % in Uttarakhand and 65%... Feb 15, 2017 19:47 IST Aashrita Dass is new principal of Lucknow’s La Martiniere Girls College Feb 15, 2017 18:58 IST A biggie, a rebel and a woman make the contest interesting Feb 15, 2017 18:10 IST Shahabuddin shift eclipses terror factor . Feb 15, 2017 17:48 IST Mother fears missing son’s involvement in spy ring Feb 15, 2017 17:29 IST No methyl spirit for TB tests in dry Bihar Feb 15, 2017 17:16 IST Top 5 stories from Mumbai you shouldn’t miss Feb 15, 2017 16:26 IST analysis columns editorials blogs authors Revised National Building Code should bring down barriers for the disabled Feb 15, 2017 18:21 IST Anil Dave can no longer pretend that pollution doesn’t kill Feb 15, 2017 18:17 IST What we’re witnessing now is the beginning of the AIADMK’s end Feb 15, 2017 19:02 IST UP elections: Why a hung assembly can’t be ruled out in this battleground state Feb 15, 2017 16:07 IST Sasikala vs OPS: Forget the North-South divide, Paneer jokes are not healthy Feb 15, 2017 13:23 IST Indian Premier League 2017 schedule: Hyderabad to host IPL opener on April 5 Feb 15, 2017 20:17 IST Mithali Raj stars in India’s win vs South Africa in Women’s World Cup Qualifier Feb 15, 2017 19:34 IST Snubbed by IPL, Ishank Jaggi carries East Zone to win over South Zone Feb 15, 2017 18:48 IST MS Dhoni’s celebrates Valentine’s Day with daughter Ziva for company: See video Feb 15, 2017 18:12 IST Pakistan Super League scandal forces PCB to cancel round-table conference Feb 15, 2017 17:59 IST football tennis other sports ht gifa Indian Premier League 2017 schedule: Hyderabad to host IPL opener on April 5 Feb 15, 2017 20:17 IST Mithali Raj stars in India’s win vs South Africa in Women’s World Cup Qualifier Feb 15, 2017 19:34 IST Snubbed by IPL, Ishank Jaggi carries East Zone to win over South Zone Feb 15, 2017 18:48 IST MS Dhoni’s celebrates Valentine’s Day with daughter Ziva for company: See video Feb 15, 2017 18:12 IST Pakistan Super League scandal forces PCB to cancel round-table conference Feb 15, 2017 17:59 IST movie reviews bollywood hollywood regional movies world cinema tv music tabloid Ileana D’Cruz does the Macarena dance on Valentine’s Day. See video Feb 15, 2017 20:33 IST Wanted to give fans direct access: Rithvik Dhanjani on going live on V-Day Feb 15, 2017 19:16 IST Deepika Padukone gets a culinary treat from a fan Feb 15, 2017 19:14 IST You want to be known for the films you are part of: Athiya Shetty Feb 15, 2017 19:12 IST Shilpa Shetty-Raj Kundra’s Valentine’s Day photos prove they are the best couple Feb 15, 2017 19:13 IST sex & relationships health & fitness fashion & trends art & culture travel books more from lifestyle brunch weekend Pregnant women who experience nausea and fatigue are more likely to have a girl Feb 15, 2017 19:45 IST Head to this pet trade fair for a fun day out with your furry friends Feb 15, 2017 19:07 IST Here are some home remedies to make it a happy few days every month Feb 15, 2017 19:05 IST 5 ways to get rid of a puffy face: Here is everything you need to know Feb 15, 2017 19:02 IST Campus calling: Here’s why Delhi colleges are the best places to promote a film Feb 15, 2017 18:29 IST WhatsApp to soon roll out Snapchat like Stories feature in iOS Feb 15, 2017 11:53 IST Back from the dead: Nokia 3310 set to make a comeback, say reports Feb 15, 2017 11:52 IST Zuckerberg-owned Facebook pushes video on Apple TV, Samsung Smart TV and Amazon... Feb 15, 2017 10:24 IST Paytm’s The Great Apple sale: iPhone 7, MacBook pro, iPads, Apple Watch available... Feb 14, 2017 19:32 IST Blocking of torrent sites will not dissuade pirates: Here’s how Feb 14, 2017 19:25 IST ‘Govt must provide incentives,tax breaks to curb cyber crimes’ Feb 14, 2017 18:01 IST Intex Aqua Lions 4G smartphone launched at at Rs 5,499 Feb 14, 2017 17:21 IST RPSC RAS/RTS Comb. Comp. mains 2016: Examination dates announced Feb 15, 2017 18:08 IST Mumbai, New Delhi ranked in top 100 of QS best student cities Feb 15, 2017 20:19 IST MPPSC State Services Prelims Exam 2017: Model answer keys released, check them ... Feb 15, 2017 15:22 IST IBPS CWE Specialist Officers Exam 2017: Score cards released, check them here Feb 15, 2017 14:06 IST Time to Act: New law a welcome step towards world-class education Feb 15, 2017 17:15 IST A journey to the stars, and into history: ISRO’s record 104 satellites launch... Feb 15, 2017 14:30 IST Stunts in the sky: Airmen show their skills at Aero India 2017 Feb 15, 2017 11:20 IST Heritage in J-K’s Dogra in shambles as preservation work moves... Feb 14, 2017 01:45 IST Breaking the taboo: AIDS Healthcare Foundation celebrates... Feb 13, 2017 20:38 IST A look back through All India Radio’s glorious days Feb 13, 2017 17:36 IST ISRO launches 104 satellites; breaks Russia’s record Feb 15, 2017 16:27 IST HT Explains: Close contest between BJP and Congress in Uttarakhand Feb 15, 2017 15:02 IST Sasikala pays tribute to Jayalalithaa before surrendering Feb 15, 2017 14:36 IST Hair is why this candidate matters Feb 15, 2017 12:38 IST Valentine’s Day: Are Indians intolerant? Feb 14, 2017 16:17 IST business ht-indepth real-estate autos punjab epaper ht-brand stories
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health     Science Money Video Travel Columnists Latest Headlines Science Pictures Discounts My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Never forget a great restaurant again! New Google maps feature lets you save your favourite places to share with friends Google maps has a new feature which allows you to save routes on your phone You can follow your friends' lists and see where their favourite places are You can also create folders to organise and share your top locations By Phoebe Weston For Mailonline Published: 08:26 EST, 14 February 2017 | Updated: 08:35 EST, 14 February 2017 e-mail 16 shares 9 View comments Does your mind go blank when a friend asks you for a recommendation in town? If so, you'll be glad to hear about Google's new feature which allows you to create lists of routes and places you've visited on the Google Maps app. Routes and places can be saved and shared on your phone with friends.  Scroll down for video Google's new feature allows you to save and share places you've visited - or want to visit - on your phone. This new feature means users can save things they've done in a more organised manner (stock photo) HOW TO USE IT Open the Google Maps app. Find a place you've been wanting to try (eg restaurant, gym, cinema) and tap the place name. Click the 'save' icon. Then you can add it to one of several pre-set lists, such as 'Want to go' or 'Favourites'. To find the lists you've created, go to Your Places (in the side menu) and then open the saved tab.  Icons for places you've saved to lists will appear on the map itself.   You can add it to a selection of folders and share with your friends.  The new feature allows you to subscribe to other people's lists so you can find out their favourite places too. The idea is that users can save things they've done in a more organised manner. In a Google blog, Zach Maier, Product Manager at Google Maps, said: 'Is your bucket list etched in your memory, or scribbled on a dozen post-it notes scattered around your home?  'Have you ever promised out-of-town guests an email full of your favorite spots, only to never get around to clicking send?  'Starting today, you can create lists of places, share your lists with others, and follow the lists your friends and family share with you - without ever leaving the Google Maps app.'  But if you're worried about sharing all of your top tips, there's good news - you don't have to. Your data is only shared if you choose to put it in shareable folders. The update is available now on iOS and Android devices. RELATED ARTICLES Previous 1 Next The space race heats up! India will launch 104 satellites... Toxins banned in the 1970s are found in the deep sea:... Amazon opens up its AI: Rekognition system uses neural... The 'flying bum' is back! Giant airship gets ahead to fly... Share this article Share 16 shares If you find a place in Google Maps, you will see an option asking if you want to save it.  You can then add it to a pre-set list, such as 'Want to go' or 'Favourites'.  To find the places you've created, go to Your Places on the side menu and then open the saved tab.  Icons that you've saved appear on the map itself.  You can add these places to a selection of folders and share them with your friends. The update is available on iOS and Android devices. Your data is only shared if you choose to put it in shareable folders Whenever you want to find somewhere, all these lists will be available on your phone -  even if you happen to be offline.  Google has also made special share lists, like 'Best Views in London' which you can share via text, email and other messaging apps. Once you have a link from a friend you can tap 'Follow' so they can see your places whenever they want to. This update comes soon after a similar addition from Facebook, which makes getting tips from friends simpler. To facilitate sharing, Google has made special share lists, like 'Best Views in London' which you can send to friends via text, email and other messaging apps Their new feature called 'Recommendations' allows you to collect advice from friends by posting a status on your wall.  People can comment on your post and their advice will appear on a map - meaning you have all your top tips in one place. The 'Recommendations' feature has been available in the US since October 2016 but was introduced to the UK last month.  Whenever you want to find somewhere all these lists will be available on your phone - even if you happen to be offline   Read more: Facebook's new Recommendations feature comes to UK | Daily Mail Online Keep track of your favorite places and share them with friends Share or comment on this article e-mail 16 shares Most watched News videos Moment ISIS suicide attacker detonates bomb near Syrian rebels Dog CRIES after being told off for chewing sofa into pieces Redback spider catches brown snake in it's web and attacks it Terrifying moment deadly Chicago ambush captured on Facebook live Shocking moment a model poses on the ledge of very tall skyscraper Social Experiment: Would you breastfeed a stranger's baby? Final moments of radio broadcast before Dominican Rep DJ shot dead CCTV shows Kim Jong Un's 'female assassin' sent to kill half-brother Deputy Cody Williams and young boy in adorable dance-off Donald and Melania welcome Israeli PM and wife at White House ISIS video of boys from Yazidi area of Iraq 'on suicide mission' Brutal moment James Arthur is smashed in the head by thug Tara Palmer-Tomkinson died of a perforated ulcer:... Melania goes to Washington: First Lady wears a stunning... Make-up artist, 22, and her boyfriend, 22, agree that SHE... Assassin in a mini skirt? How the chillingly audacious... Motorist is branded a hero by other drivers after parking... Murder squad close a city centre McDonald's as boy, 17,... Model of stupidity! Stunning Russian Instagram queen... Tree surgeon father-of-one, 31, dies when his CHAINSAW... A 'criminal' attack on 'a wonderful man': Trump ramps up... Group of strictly Orthodox Jewish men cause 'absolute... Moment two-year-old boy was shot dead on Facebook Live:... Tara Palmer-Tomkinson NEVER had a brain tumour: Her... 'One day, Leny kissed me': Amanda Knox opens up about... Harrison Ford is spotted for the first time returning to... Ex-NHL star Mike Comrie who was married to Hilary Duff is... Redback v snake: Extraordinary moment a spider takes on a... Mother of murdered schoolgirl Billie-Jo Jenkins calls for... Trump's Labor pick Andrew Puzder officially withdraws his... MOST READ NEWS Previous Next ● ● ● ● Comments (9) Share what you think Newest Oldest Best rated Worst rated  View all The comments below have not been moderated.  View all The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline. Add your comment Enter your comment By posting your comment you agree to our house rules. Submit Comment Clear Who is this week's top commenter? Find out now More top stories Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail Download our iPhone app Download our Android app Today's headlines Most Read A massive lake of molten carbon the size of Mexico is discovered under the US, and it could cause climate... The world could be WIPED OUT by a 'doomsday asteroid' if governments do not spend 'hundreds of millions'... 400-year-old temple is revealed after decades underwater as drought drains the Mexican lake which flooded... Brightly-lit orange UFO filmed hovering over French coastal town baffles residents Could Donald Trump send man back to the moon? NASA staff told to accelerate plans for first manned mission... Can YOU spot Planet 9? NASA launches new website for 'armchair astronomers' to sift through telescope data Mini 'trouser airlock' wins $30,000 NASA 'space poop' challenge to design a new way for astronauts to... Tesla boss Elon Musk backs a 'basic income' for everyone because robots will take away our jobs leaving us... The seven year old who asked Google for a job - and got a personal response from CEO Sundar Pichai New study reveals 30 foot high 'megawaves' are more common than thought - and could soon put coastal towns... Paving over gardens hits city butterflies: Numbers of 25 species decline faster in urban areas than in the... Life in Earth's oceans bounced back far more quickly than thought after world's worst mass extinction Monkeys and dogs BOTH judge humans on how they treat others - and prefer fairer people The 'Machete' that could replace the A-10 Warthog: Radical lightweight metal foam attack plane with a... The robot bee that could pollinate the Earth's plants: Student designs drone that mimics cross-pollination... MORE HEADLINES A massive lake of molten carbon the size of Mexico is discovered under the US, and it could cause climate CHAOS The seven year old who asked Google for a job - and got a personal response from CEO Sundar Pichai Don't panic! Earth's protective shield WON'T vanish: Minerals in Iron Age clay jars suggest the magnetic field has always fluctuated The world could be WIPED OUT by a 'doomsday asteroid' if governments do not spend 'hundreds of millions' each year on defence, top astrophysicist warns  The 'Machete' that could replace the A-10 Warthog: Radical lightweight metal foam attack plane with a PROPELLER Could Donald Trump send man back to the moon? NASA staff told to accelerate plans for first manned mission of new Orion capsule - the first time humans have left low orbit since 1972 Battle of the beasties: Horrifying footage shows a huge wasp drag a paralysed wolf spider to its death Is YOUR boss tracking you? Firms are installing creepy hidden sensors to monitor your every move around the office Will the UAE be the first to set up a CITY on Mars? Stunning images reveal plans for a colony on the red planet by 2117 Rare spearhead and sword are among the stunning Bronze Age treasures dug up at a Scottish building site in a 'find of a lifetime' Airbus and Oracle unveil the 'flying yacht' set to try and retain America's Cup for the US Mini 'trouser airlock' wins $30,000 NASA 'space poop' challenge to design a new way for astronauts to relieve themselves in orbit Catastrophic drought in Syria created the 'perfect storm' for political turmoil - and minerals in ancient caves suggest the worst is yet to come Lift off! India successfully launches 104 satellites from a single rocket - almost TRIPLE the previous record set by Russia The robot bee that could pollinate the Earth's plants: Student designs drone that mimics cross-pollination process MOST READ IN DETAIL     Femail Today 'She got very offended': Regis Philbin reveals Kelly Ripa took his departure personally and explains they do not 'really' stay in contact Fractured friendship  'So proud of my baby!' Kim Kardashian heaps praise on Kanye West as they head out after his 'amazing' New York Fashion Week show Season five collection Silver siren! Gwen Stefani stuns in metallic mini dress with matching glittered shoes for appearance on The Tonight Show Looked sensational Bodacious in blue! Mariah Carey shows off curves in skintight mini dress as she arrives for first performance since NYE debacle Hoping  LA is kinder  Mariah Carey makes triumphant return to real-time TV on Jimmy Kimmel Live after NYE Times Square debacle  A passionate performance  Sheer delight! Christie Brinkley wears VERY thin sweater while out with daughters in NYC The 63-year-old siren was out with her girls in the Big Apple  Date night! Mariah Carey and Bryan Tanaka grab sushi before heading to Lakers game... after she debuts new single on Jimmy Kimmel Live Hilary Duff's ex-husband Mike Comrie pictured out in LA for the first time since former NHL star was accused of 'raping a woman at his home' Brooke Burke-Charvet, 45, shows off her super-fit physique in a bandeau bikini as she shares a steamy kiss with husband David in St. Barts Still strutting! Kendall Jenner and Bella Hadid walk in their third NYFW show in one day as they join Taylor Hill on the Ralph Lauren catwalk  Keeping busy  Holding down the homefront! Kourtney Kardashian takes children out on the West Coast as brother-in-law Kanye West debuts new collection 'Those sleepless nights!': Matt Damon jokes about George Clooney's delayed start and becoming an old dad at 55 'A little shot of fireball gets a girl going!': RHOBH star Erika Jayne, 45, shows off fit figure in blue lingerie for very racy XXPEN$IVE  music video Fifty Shades Darker tops the Valentine's Day box office as R-rated erotic sequel earns $11 million  Film fans were in the mood for love Helen Mirren oozes sophistication in power suit and red lace camisole as she attends The Great Wall premiere with husband Taylor Hackford From crop tops to cocktail frocks! Coco Rocha goes to two shows back-to-back and manages to make a full outfit change with minutes to spare  Top of the crops! Gorgeous Martha Hunt flashes cleavage and toned tummy at Michael Kors NYFW show Kept up with appearances A model family! Teresa Giudice's daughter Milania, 11, walks the runway at Rookies New York Fashion Week show 'What is your intention with her?': Corrine's nanny grills Nick Viall in teaser for Bachelor hometown dates episode More drama Catherine Zeta-Jones turns on the glamour as she heads to LAX with Michael Douglas and their teenage daughter Carys Always chic Damian Lewis reveals spouse Helen McCrory is worried their children will speak with American accents... as he discusses the stress of doing TV dramas So in love! Matt Damon looks besotted with wife Luciana Barroso as he takes her to The Great Wall premiere in LA One of the luckiest men around Braless Paris Jackson shows off nipple rings as she enjoys girl's day out in LA before an altercation at a gas station Loving the single life  Ashley Greene looks elegant in flowing split dress at Hollywood premiere of In Dubious Battle  Stole the show in her super chic dress George Clooney, 55, is 'excited but nervous' about having twins with wife Amal Clooney, 39  Like any first-time parent, George Clooney is understandably anxious  Back again! Ashley Graham shows off her incredible curves in tiny bikinis as she returns to the Sports Illustrated Swimsuit Issue Slinky swimwear  Date night! Chrissy Teigen and John Legend glam up for another evening out together after Valentine's Day Time to hit the town again Mel Gibson in talks to direct Suicide Squad sequel as Oscar nominee continues to enjoy career renaissance Like mother like daughter! Cindy Crawford and Kaia Gerber look supermodel chic as they get ready for NYFW Left The Mercer Hotel Model family! Cindy Crawford and Rande Gerber upstaged by kids Kaia and Presley at NYC Marc Jacobs event Teen daughter was the center of attention  Starting to show! Ryan Lochte's fiancée Kayla Rae Reid proudly displays growing baby bump in white crop top for mirror selfie Proud mother  They believe in Yeezy! Kylie Jenner wraps up as she takes Tyga to Kanye West's NYFW show Pier 59 Studios played host to Kanye Ivanka joins Melania and Sara Netanyahu for press conference but leaves them alone to visit new Smithsonian African American history museum   Katherine Heigl shows off newborn son Joshua Jr as she reveals John Mayer helped husband Josh Kelley get serious about their relationship The blonde actress, 38 She's no shrinking violet! Kim Kardashian forgoes her bra in sheer purple outfit at Kanye's Yeezy Season 5 show in New York It's a big day for Kimye A model metabolism! Bella Hadid and Kendall Jenner grab greasy McDonald's as they head to another NYFW show Her biggest fans! Charlotte McKinney flashes some skin as she celebrates her Ocean Drive cover with her parents in Miami Looking stunning  'We should have bashed each other!' Trainspotting's Danny Boyle says he and Ewan McGregor would have settled their feud earlier if they'd had a punch up 'It seems like 2017 is the year to get pregnant': Heidi Montag congratulates former The Hills co-stars Whitney Port and Lauren Conrad on baby news Baby's first catwalk! Coco Austin and Ice-T help adorable daughter Chanel walk the runway at Rookie USA NY Fashion Week show Coordinated their looks Harrison Ford is seen for the first time returning to the airport where he nearly flew INTO a Boeing 737 as FAA say the investiation will be delayed  Singer Boy George reveals he was having a drug-induced 'psychotic episode' when he kept a male escort prisoner in his London flat 'I was nervous about the fans': Bella Heathcote feared public reaction to her role as Christian Grey's ex in Fifty Shades Darker 'She's a remarkable broadcaster and a real force': Matt Lauer heaps praise on NBC hire Megyn Kelly in rare interview but goes quiet about Ann Curry Legs for days! Cameron Diaz shows off pencil thin stems in skintight jeans while out in Beverly Hills Out and about looking smart casual  Jessica Biel stuns in classy black lace dress as she sits front row at the Ralph Lauren NYFW show The actress stole the show  Justin Bieber 'named as suspect in assault investigation'... after video surfaced of him fighting man twice his size Things got out of hand Brooke Shields, 51, shows off youthful glow and flawless complexion while taking in an off-Broadway show in NYC Still rocks the red carpet Nick Cannon was 'shaken to his core' over treatment by NBC after race gag lead to him quitting America's Got Talent 'Punished for a joke' 'I've not seen my sister in EIGHT years': Mel B's estranged sibling Danielle Brown shoots down reports of a family reunion as long-running feud continues Magnificent Melania:  First Lady wears stunning skirt suit in her first official appearance at White House since Trump was sworn in as president 'Happy mom, happy life!': Mila Kunis wears statement top in LA as it's revealed she 'made out with' Ashton Kutcher during recent date night Showed off her locks  Sheer-ly amazing! Mandy Moore flashes her bra in Victorian-inspired lace at the Marchesa show during NYFW Mixed vintage  Porsche employee accused of joking about the crash that killed Paul Walker because it boosted the value of other 'rare' Carrera GTs cars Heavenly! Olivia Culpo stands out in frilly ruched frock as she sits front row at Marchesa's NYFW runway show Wore a white ruched dress 'How cute!' Kendall Jenner and Bella Hadid deliver McDonald's feast to sister Kim Kardashian after Kanye's Yeezy 5 show Treats for everyone  Tara Palmer-Tomkinson NEVER had a brain tumour despite claiming she did her sister reveals as friends say the It Girl made it up 'as a cry for help' A stressed-looking Kanye West heads to Yeezy Season Five presentation at New York Fashion Week... following 'disastrous' show last fall Kendall Jenner didn't make Kanye's Yeezy 5 show because she was busy walking the runway for Anna Sui with pals Gigi and Bella Hadid Stunning as always  Tennis star Eugenie Bouchard holds up her end of Super Bowl bet with the random fan who asked her for a date on Twitter if the Patriots won  Kylie Jenner arrives LATE to Kanye's latest New York Fashion Week Yeezy 5 show as Khloe, Kourtney, Kendall and even Kris Jenner are absent Patience! The REAL reason Guns N' Roses kept fans waiting at Melbourne gig - as Axl Rose's band mates begged him to hurry up Notorious hellraiser  Bootylicious! Jennifer Lopez posts very cheeky Valentine's day snap in a sexy red clinging two-piece Gave her 58.7m followers a treat  Breathing in Morocco! Shanina Shaik smokes hookah and visits souk during exotic high fashion shoot in Marrakesh In-demand model  Lady Gaga 'gave her engagement ring back to Taylor Kinney' before going public with new beau Christian Carino Two broke off their engagement in July Hilary Duff and new beau Matthew Koma celebrated V-Day in Costa Rica... as her ex faces rape charges Stayed at the lavish Four Seasons resort  Susan Sarandon among the celebs enjoying S&M-themed cabaret at risque New York nightclub The Box - as Pussy Riot yell 'f**k Trump, f**k Putin'  Publisher claims he has 75,000 word manuscript of Mick Jagger's autobiography written during the 1980s... but he doesn't remember writing it! New 'do! Lea Michele shows off sleek shorter hair while out and about in LA after debuting it at Grammys Looked on good form with her new hairstyle 'Lies! Lies!': Jessica Biel is shocked to hear about ancestors as she and Courteney Cox explore roots on Who Do You Think You Are? Fascinating revelations   Katherine Heigl looks slim in white blouse and jeans two months after welcoming son Joshua Jr.  Was on The Late Late Show earlier in the week Kate Upton keeps her voluptuous figure under wraps with a heavy coat as she plugs her latest Sports Illustrated Swimsuit Issue Wowed on the street 'They walked in while I was pushing!': Jessa Duggar reveals her second home birth was so quick her mother and sister almost missed it happening Pregnant Natalie Portman looks ready to pop as she goes for a hike with mother Shelley in Los Feliz It'll be a second child for the 35-year-old actress Specs appeal! Nicole Kidman rocks eyeglasses as she bundles up in puffer jacket on NYC set of Untouchable with Bryan Cranston Rolling in the dough! Adele earned more than $620k EACH NIGHT on her hugely successful Live tour last year  The Hello star is having another fine year  Tamron Hall back at work shooting new season of Deadline Crime after hitting up the Super Bowl and Grammys after vacation following NBC exit 'I had $40 and an address!' Nina Agdal reveals she came to America with nothing but a modeling dream just six years ago Victoria's Secret star Strip club being sued by Joanna Krupa for using her picture in ads without permission hits back claiming she's too 'pretty' to work there Club is the Pink Pony 'Never a rivalry like theirs': Susan Sarandon and Jessica Lange get their claws out as Bette Davis and Joan Crawford in new trailer for FX's Feud Wonderful in winter white! Hailey Baldwin shows off her toned legs as she heads to Kanye West's Yeezy 5 show Best friends with Kendall Jenner for two years 'I'm even excited about being tired': Mahershala Ali scores THR cover and Oscar nominee discusses childhood 'melancholy' and pending fatherhood Hollywood activist Shailene Woodley talks about 'inspiring' meeting with Malia Obama during a Dakota pipeline protest Standing up for her belief No jet lag! Alessandra Ambrosio looks bright as she bares her toned tummy in a crop top at Sao Paulo airport She proved she can look good anywhere, anytime Social butterfly! Paris Hilton spring-time ready in a garden print dress at the Vivienne Tam show during NYFW Was ready for spring on in New York 'Yet another breathtaking view': Oprah Winfrey and Reese Witherspoon explore New Zealand in between filming scenes for new Disney movie She's 58, with four children already - one of whom she's lost custody of - so why WAS Madonna allowed to adopt these twins? Growing family  'They are at it again!': Rob Kardashian and Blac Chyna have ANOTHER major fight as rumors of their split continue All is not well  Soldiering on! Kanye West turns out a camouflage-packed runway for Yeezy Season 5 at his first NYFW show since his breakdown She sure shakes it up! Bella Thorne is spotted grabbing a healthy lunch with a mystery man in LA after being linked to Sam Pepper The Shake It Up! actress  What is her recipe? Domestic goddess Nigella Lawson, 57, looks remarkably wrinkle-free as she steps out in style for a night of revelry Quick change artist: Blake Lively switches up her style for second show during New York Fashion Week Went from flirty in floral to black and white Breaking boundaries! Hijab-wearing model makes her runway debut at Kanye West's Yeezy Season 5 show during New York Fashion Week  Courtney Stodden forgets about her broken marriage as she celebrates Valentine's Day with Heather Locklear's plastic surgeon ex Marc Mani EXCLUSIVE: Star Trek actor William Shatner goes boldly into court demanding that a $170 million lawsuit by Florida radio DJ claiming to be his son be thrown out Family affair! Lucky Blue Smith and his three stunning sisters star in new H&M Coachella campaign playing as their band The Atomics Model plays drums 'Curvy' model Hunter McGrady dedicates her nude Sports Illustrated spread to 'every woman who has ever felt uncomfortable in her body' Critics demand Khloe Kardashian's Protein World Tube advert is scrapped by London subway system for 'body shaming' young women  Hugh Jackman evacuated from the set of The Greatest Showman after fire breaks out Was shooting the final scene of the new film i 'Love of my life!': Rosario Dawson and comedian Eric Andre reveal they are dating in a series of sweet snaps on Valentine's Day She's 37, he's 33 'You have to f***ing watch it': Lena Dunham understands why Taylor Swift did not speak up during election The 30-year-old Girls star stood up for her pal  Revlon ambassador Gwen Stefani talks about 'choosing love' with Blake Shelton but says she spent Valentine's Day alone The blonde singer Giving us the shoulder! Orange Is The New Black star Laverne Cox dazzles in sexy black dress as she talks new CBS show Doubt Looked very chic  Clothing optional! Nicki Minaj poses topless on a bed as she jokes about her stripper past in latest naughty Instagram post The 34-year-old singer Gigi to the rescue! Hadid the model citizen lends a hand after woman is knocked over on New York sidewalk Helped disentangle a sidewalk pileup  Kesha submits damning emails in court case against 'abuser' Dr. Luke who slammed her for drinking Diet Coke and called her a 'fat f**king refrigerator' 'I'm open!' Susan Sarandon, 70, declares herself BISEXUAL as she reveals she would date a woman The Thelma & Louise star talked candidly  All caught up! As fishnets become a staple on the runway and with stars like Kylie Jenner, FEMAIL reveals how to pull off the sexy knit in real life Matt Damon reveals it took 12 hours and 700 extensions to get his long man bun for The Great Wall movie role The 46-year-old says his kids  'loved' the look Hilary Duff's ex-husband, former NHL star Mike Comrie is investigated by police for 'raping a woman at his condo in West Los Angeles' Seven Year Switch husband storms away from his angry wife after she watches footage of him telling experimental spouse that he is ATTRACTED to her 'Life is about to get crazy!': Country star Thomas Rhett discovers wife is pregnant just as they adopt African baby Revealed shock news on social media Bethenny Frankel spends Valentine's Day with new man after revealing she's not serious with Dennis Shields... and still needs to 'heal' after divorce Still feeling the love! Denzel Washington and wife of 33 years Pauletta have a ball at Los Angeles Lakers basketball game on Valentine's Day Look away Keith! Nicole Kidman wraps her arms around Moonlight star Mahershala Ali as she talks first kiss in W magazine John McCain gets Punk'd! Ashton Kutcher blows senator a KISS during Foreign Relations hearing as they give Obama and Biden a run for bromance money Sofia Richie flashes her derriere in white thong bodysuit as she teases Kanye West's Yeezy 5 runway show The 18-year-old teased her Instagram followers  'Your girl fell in love with me': The Weeknd taunts Justin Bieber in new song as he continues to romance the Sorry singer's ex Selena Gomez Karlie Kloss apologizes after backlash over 'culturally insensitive' Geisha-themed photo shoot in Vogue's issue that was meant to celebrate diversity Models off duty! As NYFW comes to an end, FEMAIL highlights the most enviable street style outfits of Hailey Baldwin, Bella Hadid and more EXCLUSIVE: 'Catwoman' Jocelyn Wildenstein stumbled heading to court where assault charges are dropped over brawl with boyfriend Lloyd Klein 'I have the utmost respect for her': Carlos Santana APOLOGIZES after claiming Beyonce is 'beautiful to look at but not a singer' U-turn on his comments Sienna Miller flashes her bra in sheer top as she helps launch clothes designer sister Savannah's bridal collection The 35-year-old actress  EXCLUSIVE: Never-before-seen pictures of secretly pregnant Marilyn Monroe, who confided Yves Montand was baby's father - not husband Arthur Miller Jennifer Lopez, Rachel McAdams, and David Beckham star in stunning pictures for photographer Marc Hom's portrait book The A-list lensman  'No-one is safe!' Internet goes wild for memes of celebrities from Ivanka Trump to Emma Watson gazing longingly at  Justin Trudeau Sylvester Stallone's model daughter Sistine, 18, makes an elegant statement in a little navy dress as she attends Michael Kors' runway show at NYFW Naked ambition! Gigi Hadid's younger sister Bella strips off her clothes to flash her chest in V Magazine after taking NYFW by storm Charli XCX flashes her cleavage and abs in sheer crop top emblazoned with the words 'Sex Symbol' as she makes head-turning arrival at NME Awards Red hot Selena Gomez showcases her incredibly toned legs and sculpted physique in sexy high-slit dress The 24-year-old looked stunning in NYC 'I'm not a size two but I'm strong!': Serena Williams strips off her tennis skirt to look sensational in Sports Illustrated Swimsuit Issue Actress Celia Imrie reveals she was celebrating Bastille Day in Nice during last year's terrorist attack that left 84 dead, adding 'it was a miracle I survived'  'It's important for my daughters to know that it's not real life.': Blake Lively says having little girls changed her view of how beauty is portrayed in the media Bella Hadid dons lace bodysuit for Valentine's Day pizza dinner with Kaia and Presley Gerber in New York The friends made quite the stylish group  Looking good at 70! Rocky star Sylvester Stallone gets his enviably thick locks styled at salon... after 'brutal' Pilates session with daughter Recording Academy boss Neil Portnow says Grammys don't have 'race problem' and claims Kanye skipped show due to 'medical concerns' Braless Emily Ratajkowski shows off her perky assets and enviable abs in crop top with sexy secretary style skirt at Michael Kors NYFW show   'Sassy!': Blac Chyna sizzles in sheer red dress which leaves little to the imagination in racy Instagram snap Rob Kardashian's 28-year-old fiancée  'I was just so thrilled!' Transgender teen responds to Laverne Cox mentioning his upcoming Supreme Court bathroom policy case at Grammys  Cops illegally searched the home of Sandra Bullock's stalker and now prosecutors won't be able to use guns seized at the house during trial 'I owe him everything!': Blake Lively looks flirty in floral as she praises Michael Kors while cheering on his fashion show with Anna Wintour Sat front and center Feeling blue? Singer Louisa Johnson shows off her new electric hair colour as she's unveiled as the face of L'Oreal's Colorista... in a VERY skimpy ensemble Cindy Crawford and husband Rande Gerber keep the romance alive with sweet Valentine's Day date in NYC after nearly 20 years of marriage That's one supportive wife! Kim Kardashian post image where she's beaming at Kanye West hours before his Yeezy 5 show The look of love One last workout! Kim Kardashian hits the gym ahead of husband Kanye West's comeback show at New York Fashion Week  Keeping body in shape Kendall Jenner flaunts her figure in quirky black tasseled dress as she storms the runway with Bella Hadid and Ashley Graham at Michael Kors' NYFW show Not runway ready! Model Sara Sampaio is makeup-free and wearing a dazzling blue coat as she heads to a show for New York Fashion Week They could be sisters! Kate Upton, 24, joins forces with Christie Brinkley, 63, to plug Sports Illustrated Swimsuit Issue on Today The blonde bombshells 'I went through every phase - too skinny, too fat!': Christie Brinkley, 63, appears on Today with daughters to talk body image Beauty battled haters Liv Tyler wraps up warm in a chic navy coat as she goes arm-in-arm with her fiancé Dave Gardner in Paris The 39-year-old Hollywood actress Her crown jewels! Elizabeth Hurley, 51, looks regally racy as she flaunts her ample chest in VERY revealing gown on the set of The Royals Puppy love!  Dancing With the Stars' Julianne Hough takes her pooch along as she goes for a hike with her mom in Los Angeles Showed off her legs 'Classy way to put someone in their place!' Britney's fans go wild as she 'throws shade' at Katy Perry with Bible verse after singer's 'shaved head' comment  Mika's moving on: Morning Joe co-host puts her New York mansion on sale for $2million after divorcing her husband after 22 years of marriage 'People push me into a corner... I'm no expert': Emma Watson reveals she fell into a 'sulk' after feminism backlash... and even struggled to get out of bed Victoria's Secret model Josephine Skriver flaunts her impeccably toned abs and eye-popping cleavage in sizzling swimwear campaign Charm runs in the family! Pierce Brosnan's model son Dylan, 20  treats his pretty girlfriend to a romantic dinner date  Singing Out Loud! Ed Sheeran leaves his CUTEST fan speechless after sneaking up behind him as he serenades Ellen DeGeneres with his song The Duchess of Cambridge's facialist reveals unlikely secrets behind Kate's red carpet glow - including chocolate spread and porridge oats 'Who thought a sociopath could be so popular?' Benedict Cumberbatch reveals his delight as Sherlock is voted the world's favorite BBC character  Tara Palmer-Tomkinson died of a perforated ulcer: Devastated sister reveals did NOT have a brain tumor and 'had plans' for future Fresh as a daisy! Catherine Zeta-Jones, 47, flaunts her tiny waist in a floral dress as she joins glam co-star Susan Sarandon, 70, at Feud event in NYC 'I'm always looking for ways to help': Paris Hilton donates 50 items including a snowboard for auction benefiting two children's charities The blonde socialite 'Stronger than ever': Larsa and Scottie Pippen pose in Valentine's Day family shot after 'halting divorce proceedings'  Trying to work it out  Showing her stripes! Queen Letizia of Spain looks demure in a ballet-length skirt and chic pinstripe blouse as she welcomes guests at her Madrid palace Naomi Watts goes NAKED to play widowed child psychologist in creepy thriller Shut In... and becomes convinced a ghost has taken over her house Model Winnie Harlow debuts new perm as she puts on a daring display in a racy bandeau co-ord set at fashion party in New York Former ANTM contestant 'Love and peace to everyone!' Jonathan Rhys Meyers and fiancée Mara Lane share FIRST image of baby son Wolf... two months after home birth Third time's a charm! Bombshell Kate Upton poses topless on cover of 2017 Sports Illustrated Swimsuit Issue after claims of 'diva' behavior 'I don't remember this': Lisa Rinna claims memory lapse when confronted by Kyle Richards in Mexico on RHOBH The 53-year-old sobbed  Ashley Graham shares nude snap from her Lane Bryan Collection photo shoot  The 28-year-old is seen posing with her hands covering her breasts  'Don't bother with the first episode as I'm not in it': Charlie Higson confirms season three of Broadchurch will return to TV screens later this month  He's behind you! Prince Charles accidentally photobombs rock band Kasabian's guitarist on a visit to a country pub in western England The 68-year-old royal Robin Thicke's girlfriend April Love Geary pokes fun at the couple's 18 year age gap during romantic  getaway amid bitter custody row  Is that you Pansy Parkinson? Harry Potter actress Scarlett Byrne poses for Playboy magazine as she declares 'naked is normal' Ruffling feathers? Make-up free Billie Piper opts for a low-key look as she faces off against a swan The 34-year-old actress was out with her son Fancy seeing you here! Guns N' Roses drummer Frank Ferrer takes part in an impromptu jam session at Brisbane bar with locals unaware of his fame Kendall Jenner is the picture of glamour in chic suit and fur coat as she gets a new piercing at jewelry store in New York City after TV appearance 'Rest in peace, my love': Ricki Lake takes to Instagram to announce death of ex-husband Christian Evans He had bipolar disorder Thousands of floral tributes left in honor of George Michael outside his London home are cleared away in trash bags seven weeks after the singer's death She's hot for romance! Ariel Winter dares to bare on with two racy ensembles and a provocative Instagram post The 19-year-old actress TV cook Prue Leith CONFIRMS she's up for Mary Berry's job on The Great British Bake Off... as it's revealed she had 13-year affair with hubby of mom's best friend Cheeky! Paris Hilton leaves little to the imagination in silver panel dress with completely sheer sides at The Blonds NYFW runway show 'She wasn't interested': Emma Watson accused of 'diva behavior' after arriving at ELLE Style Awards 90 minutes late and snubbing the red carpet Madonna's fans are left feeling scared after 'sick' star posts 'evil looking' video of herself singing Valentine's song while recuperating in bed in her nightgown 'Bubbles!' Mariah Carey enjoys a sexy Valentine's Day dip in the hot tub with beau Bryan Tanaka Flaunted her romance with her younger hunk Chrissy Teigen shows off some major cleavage in a tiny lace bralet and smart suit as she joins husband John Legend for Valentine's date night Together for seven years  Babysitting A team! Kourtney Kardashian and Kris Jenner take North shopping while Kim and Kanye are in New York for Fashion Week Bound 2 look sexy on Valentine's Day! Kim Kardashian puts on a busty display for romantic meal with Kanye West at NYC's Carbone restaurant 'Do I look like I wait?' Erika Girardi endorses sex on the first date during Valentine's Day appearance on Watch What Happens Live The 45-year-old star  Demi Lovato sizzles in cleavage-baring catsuit and gold dress in racy Snapchats Singer performed in two alluring outfits which she shared on Snapchat  Serena Williams loves her quirky Valentine's Day gift from 'techie' fiancé Alexis Ohanian The Reddit co-founder chose some unusual for the tennis legend That's a wrap! Oprah Winfrey, Reese Witherspoon and Mindy Kaling film upcoming Disney movie A Wrinkle In Time in New Zealand Picturesque backdrop 'What the f***!' Kim Zolciack grabs a handful of husband Kroy's crotch in front of teen daughter Brielle Real Housewife couldn't hide her affection Beautiful in blue! Shailene Woodley looks stunning in a sheer dress on Late Night With Seth Meyers The 25-year-old former child star What's new pussycat? Tom's dating Priscilla! As ALISON BOSHOFF reveals, from paternity suits to plastic surgery, they share more than a love of Elvis  It's a girl! Supergirl star Laura Benanti welcomes first child with husband Patrick Brown on Valentine's Day Named her Ella Rose REIDy to party! Tara looks a little bleary-eyed as she hits Tape nightclub with a gal pal after attending Drake's London gig The 41-year-old actress Nicole Murphy, 49, shows taut tummy in cropped T-shirt while picking up pet supplies with cute dog in Beverly Hills Eddie Murphy's model ex 'Classy and fabulous!' Kendall Jenner is the quintessential Chanel girl as she wears a striking ensemble from the fashion house on the Tonight Show Makeup-free Rita Ora shows off her natural beauty as she cuts a casual figure on Valentine's Day The America's Next Top Model host Tender moments! Gigi Hadid posts intimate photo with Zayn Malik announcing the two celebrate Valentine's Day 'everyday'  Displayed her devotion  Who wore it best? Miley Cyrus shares hilarious photoshopped picture of her and fiance Liam Hemsworth wearing the same dress on Valentine's Day 'It was f***ing terrifying!' Drew Barrymore 'almost died' suffering concussion during stunt for zombie series Santa Clarita Diet Suffered a head injury From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more GADGET REVIEWS Affordable, robust and surprisingly responsive: Samsung's Galaxy A5 With the eagerly awaited Galaxy S8 having been pushed back, South Korea-based Samsung has plugged the gap with the Samsung Galaxy A5, a high-end device with a mid-range price tag. Is it really worth paying £280 for Nintendo's Switch? MailOnline's verdict While the design is impressive and easy to use, the game line up is disappointing. Google's Daydream: The $79 headset that could bring VR to the masses Google's $79 headset is superb in terms of hardware - but is currently let down by a lack of apps. However, it has absolutely huge potential to finally bring VR to the masses. Welcome Home: Google's $130 smart speaker Google's smart Home speaker still has a lot of learning to do, and loses out to Amazon's Echo in some areas - but has incredible potential 'Not quite an iPhone replacement': Google's Pixel phone Google's Pixel handset is good, and boasts an amazing camera and smart assistant. It's the king of the Android handsets - but still not great. Xbox One S review: Console that will make your 4K TV shine Microsoft's Xbox One S has shrunk the giant console by 40%, and is stunningly designed console with 4K HDR capabilities - but comes with some caveats. The $1,000 wireless speaker that really IS worth the price: Naim Mu-so Qb review Naim's incredible Mu-So Qb takes you back to the good old days - where the music captivates and enthralls, rather that simply being something in the background. The hi-tech $2,000 spin bike that really could change your life Peloton's hi-tech bike lets you stream live and on demand rides to your home - and it's one of the best examples of fitness technology out there - at a price. Apple's new 9.7inch iPad Pro is a powerhouse you can take anywhere Apple has added a few improvements to the smaller version, creating a tablet that is astonishingly powerful, but, unlike its big brother, is something you'll be able to carry everywhere. Speaker that looks as good as its sounds: B&W Zeppelin Wireless review It's not cheap, but the $699 (£500) Zeppelin Wireless is perfect for the design conscious music fan. The iPad grows up: Apple's iPad Pro The iPad Pro is, for many, a real laptop replacement - and a way to combine work and play in a gadget that will last all day and won't break your back to carry. 'A glimpse into the future of the living room': The new Apple TV Apple says apps are the future of TV, and while its new $149 box does have some issues, its combination of streaming services, games and other apps make it the best way to make your TV smart. The best all in one wireless speaker you'll ever hear: Naim Mu-so review It might not be a name familiar to the US market, but Naim is a legendary British brand hoping to make a splash with the American launch of its $1499 Mu:So speaker. From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more Download our iPhone app Download our Android app Next story Finally! Scientists discover gene that stops overeating and actually makes you CRAVE exercise 80 comments 1 video SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Sputnik International all editions Log inRegisterLog out12:49 GMT +316 February 2017 Home World Politics Business Opinion Life Tech Radio Multimedia Cartoons Blogs Europe US Russia Latin America Middle East Asia & Pacific Africa As If Brave New World By Any Means Necessary Context Countdown Connecting The Pieces Double Down Hard Facts Level Talk Loud & Clear The BradСast Thom Hartmann Program Trendstorm World In Focus Photo Video Infographics Live Search © AFP 2016/ PARK JI-HWAN How Google's Computers Invented Their Own Language In Depth 11:39 14.02.2017(updated 14:46 14.02.2017) Get short URL Denis Bolotsky Topic: Neural Networks: How Soon Will Computers Outsmart People? (3) 0 165950 In September of 2016, Google announced the launch of the Neural Machine Translation system. The technology was meant to improve the accuracy of automated translations. But things went far beyond the tech giant’s plan, as self-learning computers invented their own modus operandi. / When you type a sentence in Dutch in Google Translate to get its English translation, you’d normally expect the system to look up each word in some sort of big dictionary. But that’s not exactly the way it works. Thanks to the use of the so-called statistical approach, Google’s AI looks at the sentence as a whole. Then it picks groups of words and attempts to build a translated phrase according to certain rules – rules acquired through machine learning and user input. That way you get a result which is compared against proper phrases used by actual people on the Internet. To improve accuracy even more Google has been routinely “feeding” its supercomputers with gigabytes of documents from the United Nations website, which has mirror archives in six different languages. In a Youtube video Eric Schmidt, who served as Google’s CEO for ten years, said that Google Translate went through massive improvements thanks to the use of neural networks: If you look at the error rate of Google Translate, which all of you use, we had an error rate of roughly 23%, we were able to reduce it to 8% using the latest in neural networks. Artificial neural networks are a method of computing where artificial neurons loosely imitate the human brain. There are neural networks with thousands, or even million neural units. The method is widely used in technologies such as speech recognition and image analysis. But machine translation remains a difficult task for computers due to the complexity of human languages. However, with the introduction of Neural Machine technology, besides the reduced translation error rates, Google engineers noticed something unexpected. All by themselves the computers learned to translate between various pairs of languages, like Korean and Japanese, without the use of English as a bridge. It means that AI invented its own internal bridge language, which is hard for humans to understand. Surprisingly, the Neural Machine did not just look up corresponding words in English-Japanese and English-Korean dictionaries. Instead, the network compared phrase patterns, words and meanings in Japanese and Korean, and then successfully matched corresponding concepts. Google is not the only company in the market which is actively researching and implementing machine learning and neural networks. Giants like Facebook and Microsoft are also developing their own automated speech, image recognition and machine translation services. So, perhaps, besides Google’s “interlingua”, we may very well see other examples of computers outsmarting their creators and speaking their own language. We'd love to get your feedback at radio@sputniknews.com Have you heard the news? Sign up to our Telegram channel and we'll keep you up to speed! ... Reddit Google+ Blogger Pinterest StumbleUpon Telegram WhatsApp 50 Topic: Neural Networks: How Soon Will Computers Outsmart People? (3) Tags: neural networks, translation, computers, technology, Neural Machine Translation system, Google, Eric Schmidt TrackDo not trackCommunity standardsDiscussion Comment via FacebookComment via Sputnik Сomment Add Comment Thank you! Your comment will be reviewed by the moderator for compliance with the Rules Add more All comments Show new comments (0) Сomment Reply in reply to(Show commentHide comment) | | Edit | Delete Save Thank you! Your comment will be reviewed by the moderator for compliance with the Rules News Latest Most Read Most Discussed 12:38India Awards 44 Oil & Gas Field Worth $7 Billion to New Entrants 12:38Merkel to Explain to Investigation Why She ’Didn’t Know About’ BND Espionage 12:35India-US Relations on New High: More Than Dozen US Congressmen to Visit India 12:32Russia-Drafted Syrian Constitution a 'Starting Point' - Russian Defense Minister 12:31Nostalgic Nokia Dusts Off Invincible 'Stone Age' PhoneAll news Remains of a 'Giant' Discovered Alongside Ancient Treasure Trove in Iran 21245 ‘He Will Die in Jail’ – Intelligence Apparatus Admits ‘Going Nuclear’ on Trump 18852 #LockHerUp: Hillary Clinton Gradually Losing Veneer of Being 'Too Big to Jail' 16953 'A Very Serious Military Mission': Why NATO Warships 'Escorted' Russia's Carrier 11436 China Reveals Launch Date of New Aircraft Carriers 9398All news Trump Expects Russia to 'Return Crimea' to Ukraine - White House 139 ‘He Will Die in Jail’ – Intelligence Apparatus Admits ‘Going Nuclear’ on Trump 89 'Russia Does Not Return Its Territories' - Moscow on WH Statement on Crimea 41 US Asking Russia to Return Crimea is Like Moscow Asking US to Return California 40 Revenge of Neocons? Who Will Replace Michael Flynn and What It Tells Us 36All news Multimedia Photo Cartoons Infographics 'Red Army' for Kids: Chinese Primary School Teaches Students Patriotism Let My Crimea Go! How the EU Has Changed News from dashboard.idealmedia.com Follow us Facebook Twitter SputnikNews @SputnikInt News Home World Europe US Russia Latin America Middle East Asia & Pacific AfricaPolitics Business Military & Intelligence Society Tech Environment LifeSport Analysis & Opinion Opinion Columnists Interviews Blogs Multimedia Photo Infographics Cartoons Video Radio Shows In Depth Sputnik About Us Press Info Products Apps Terms of Use Contact Us © 2017 Sputnik. All rights reserved Register E-mail: Screen Name: Password: Confirm password: Please type the code Log inPrivacy Policy By clicking 'Register', you confirm that you agree to our Privacy Policy and give your consent to the processing of personal data in accordance with the Privacy Policy Register* All fields are required Please confirm your e-mail to continue. Confirmation instructions have been sent to Ok Password recovery Enter e-mail Please type the code Restore Log inPrivacy Policy Success! Instructions to recover your password have been sent to Ok Registration Do you have a Sputniknews.com account? YesNo Registration Hello, ! E-mail: Password: Remember me Sign in I do not have a Sputniknews.com account RegisterForgot your password?Privacy Policy Ok Registration Hello, ! E-mail: Screen Name: Next Log in I have a Sputniknews.com account Ok Delete account Are you sure you want to delete your Sputniknews.com account? YesNo Your account has been deleted! You can restore your account within 30 days by following the link sent to the e-mail address you entered during registration. Close Community standards The fact of registration and authorization of users on Sputnik websites via users’ account or accounts on social networks indicates acceptance of these rules. Users are obliged abide by national and international laws. Users are obliged to speak respectfully to the other participants in the discussion, readers and individuals referenced in the posts. The websites’ administration has the right to delete comments made in languages ​​other than the language of the majority of the websites’ content. In all language versions of the sputniknews.com websites any comments posted can be edited. A user comment will be deleted if it: does not correspond with the subject of the post; promotes hatred and discrimination on racial, ethnic, sexual, religious or social basis or violates the rights of minorities; violates the rights of minors, causing them harm in any form, including moral damage; contains ideas of extremist nature or calls for other illegal activities; contains insults, threats to other users, individuals or specific organizations, denigrates dignity or undermines business reputations; contains insults or messages expressing disrespect to Sputnik; violates privacy, distributes personal data of third parties without their consent or violates privacy of correspondence; describes or references scenes of violence, cruelty to animals; contains information about methods of suicide, incites to commit suicide; pursues commercial objectives, contains improper advertising, unlawful political advertisement or links to other online resources containing such information; promotes products or services of third parties without proper authorization; contains offensive language or profanity and its derivatives, as well as hints of the use of lexical items falling within this definition; contains spam, advertises spamming, mass mailing services and promotes get-rich-quick schemes; promotes the use of narcotic / psychotropic substances, provides information on their production and use; contains links to viruses and malicious software; is part of an organized action involving large volumes of comments with identical or similar content ("flash mob"); “floods” the discussion thread with a large number of incoherent or irrelevant messages; violates etiquette, exhibiting any form of aggressive, humiliating or abusive behavior ("trolling"); doesn’t follow standard rules of the English language, for example, is typed fully or mostly in capital letters or isn’t broken down into sentences. The administration has the right to block a user’s access to the page or delete a user’s account without notice if the user is in violation of these rules or if behavior indicating said violation is detected. Users can initiate the recovery of their account / unlock access by contacting the moderators at moderator@sputniknews.com The letter must contain: Subject - the restoration of account / unlock access User ID An explanation of the actions which were in violation of the rules above and resulted in the lock. If the moderators deem it possible to restore the account / unlock access, it will be done. In the case of repeated violations of the rules above resulting in a second block of a user’s account, access cannot be restored. To contact the team of moderators, write to moderator@sputniknews.com Log in E-mail: Password: Remember me Sign in RegisterForgot your password?Privacy Policy Other ways to sign in: Ok
Mint50 mutual fundsElection news | E-Paper Sections Home Companies Industry Politics Money Opinion Lounge Consumer Elections 2017 More... MultimediaScienceEducationSportsSpecials People Results Management Start-ups Financial Services Manufacturing Retail Telecom Infotech Infrastructure Education World Reports Agriculture Marketinfo Mint 50 Mark to Market Markets Ask Mint Money Calculators Mediclaim Ratings Views Online Views Columns Quick Edit Blogs Lounge Business of Life Slideshows Videos Technology Videos Marketing Research Personal Tech Media Advertising Reclaiming safe public spaces 2017: New year, new beginnings The year of surprise Home » Leisure Last Modified: Wed, Feb 15 2017. 02 25 PM IST First look: Google Android Wear 2.0 With Google Android Wear 2.0, you will be able to download apps directly on to the watch from the new Play Store that will be available on the wrist Subscribe to our newsletter. Vishal Mathur With Android Wear 2.0, you will be able to download apps directly on to the watch from the new Play Store that will be available on the wrist. The smartwatch ecosystem needed Google to step up its game with the Android Wear smartwatch operating system. Ever since Wear was launched in 2014, it has been plagued by issues such as poor battery life. Android Wear smartwatches from the likes of Motorola, Huawei and Asus, for example, struggled because of the clunky software that was not very intuitive. Google is now rolling out its biggest update for the Wear platform in years, a definitive move perhaps at creating a space for itself in the smartwatch ecosystem. Called Android Wear 2.0, it started rolling out this week. Watch gets its own apps  With Android Wear 2.0, you will be able to download apps directly on to the watch from the new Play Store that will be available on the wrist. Whether you use an Android phone or are using the watch with an Apple iPhone, apps built for Android Wear 2.0 will work on the watch itself. These will include AccuWeather, Google Fit, Google Messenger, Google Play Music, Runkeeper, Telegram and Uber. Additionally, if your watch has a built-in cellular (3G/4G) connection, you will be able to use watch apps (and make calls, for example), irrespective of where your phone might be at the time.  Time for the Assistant’s magic The Assistant was exclusive so far to Pixel and Pixel XL smartphones. With the new Wear software, the artificial intelligence feature will also be available on the watch. You will be able to speak with it and get responses for queries as well as suggestions. Ask your Google Assistant about the weather, make restaurant reservations or simply share some content with friends. Initially, Google Assistant will be available in English and German on Android Wear watches, with more languages being added in the coming months. The Assistant also helps with a new feature called Smart Replies. It will suggest reply options based on the message your friend has just sent you.  Watch faces with relevant information The refreshed watch faces will now pack in more information. Among the various options you’ll be able to select from, there will be data overlays for information such as calendar appointments, fitness goals and progress, favourite contacts, etc. As a user, you will be able to personalize this completely for your requirements and preferences. You will also be able to set different watch faces for different times of the day. For example, you might prefer the fitness statistics during your morning jogging routine. Once done, swipe and switch to another watch face that is more tuned for the day in office. In the evening, switch to a more casual one as you head out for dinner with friends.  We do expect the new Wear software to be better optimized in terms of battery life—this has been one of the persistent problems with Android Wear watches, and allowed hybrid smartwatches to gain ground as users looked for a balance between smart features and convenience.  Does your existing watch get the update? If you have an Android Wear watch that is no more than 18 months old, chances are you should see the update pop up on the watch sometime over the next few days. Some of the existing watches that are confirmed for Wear 2.0 include the Asus ZenWatch 2 and ZenWatch 3, Casio Smart Outdoor Watch, Casio PRO TREK Smart, Fossil Q Founder, Fossil Q Marshal, Fossil Q Wander, Huawei Watch, LG G Watch R, LG Watch Urbane and 2nd Edition LTE, Michael Kors Access Smartwatches, Moto 360 (2nd Gen), Moto 360 for Women, Moto 360 Sport, New Balance RunIQ, Nixon Mission, Polar M600 and TAG Heuer Connected. The LG Watch Sport and LG Watch Style will be the latest watches to run Android Wear 2.0, and should be hitting the markets in some countries soon, though there is no word yet on their availability in India. Vishal Mathur Topics: Google Android wear 2 Smartwatch Google android wear Accuweather Uber More From Livemint READ MORE Himalaya enters pet nutrition segment with ‘healthytreats’ Game Review: PES 2017 is more fun than FIFA Mobile Time for India to build future around cognitive computing, says IBM president First Published: Tue, Feb 14 2017. 05 29 PM IST Editor's Picks Flipkart outsells Amazon in December, January on bumper smartphone sales 100 days of demonetisation: A Mint reading list Founder tantrums at Infosys: Is the ordeal over? Latest News Himalaya enters pet nutrition segment with ‘healthytreats’ Game Review: PES 2017 is more fun than FIFA Mobile Time for India to build future around cognitive computing, says IBM president India, Indonesia top destinations for Chinese investors seeking high yields Mangalore Refinery to shut 60,000 bpd crude unit for 25 days in April-May Mint On Sunday Free play is serious business Despatch from the Garden City: When Bengaluru celebrates its oldest residents Rolling rotis in Amritsar’s Golden Temple Letter from... A diet chart The 26 best date spots around the world Home Companies Opinion Industry Politics Consumer Lounge Multimedia Money Sitemap Subscribe Contact Us Mint Code Privacy policy Terms of Use Advertising Mint Apps About Us Syndication Mint on Sunday RSS Hindustan Times Desimartini Copyright © 2017 HT Media Ltd. All Rights Reserved Close Home Companies Industry Politics Money Opinion Lounge Elections 2017 Multimedia Consumer Science Education Sports Specials Close
Share toggle menu Deals Jobs Follow Us Android App Review Service Shop Deals Join Our Team Advertise About Staff Privacy Policy Contact Android News Android News Android Device List Page Android Manufacturer News Android Smartwatch News Android Auto News Android TV News VR News Google ChromeBook News Google Glass News Google ChromeCast News Android News Canada Android India News Android Chinese News Android Phone News Android Phone News Android Phone Reviews Android Phone Comparisons Best Android Phones Rankings Android Phone Accessory Reviews Android Tablet News Android Tablet News Best Android Tablets Rankings Android Tablet Comparisons Android Tablet Reviews Android App News Android App News Android App & Game Reviews Android Games Top 10 Best Android Apps & Games Lists Android Developer News Tech News Special Features Special Features Android Smartphone and Tablet Deals Google IO News Android Gift Guide MWC Android News CES 2017 Android and Tech News Android How To Guides Android Awards Android Newsletter Site Authors Join Our Team Advertise Android App Review Service News Tips Contact Social Media Followers 1.5M 416K 366K 53K 15K 20K 65K 46K Recent News Huawei P10 Leaks In Blue, Green And Yellow Color Variants Moto G5 Plus Press Materials Leak, Design & Specs Revealed LG’s G6 Has A FullVision Display With An 18:9 Aspect Ratio A New Moto X May Have Just Passed Through The FCC Recent Reviews Meizu M5 Note Review Review: OUKITEL C5 Pro Android Smartphone Review: Honor 6X Android Smartphone Review: OUKITEL U20 Plus Android Smartphone Android Deals Pick Up the Harman Kardon Onyx Studio Wireless Portable Speaker for $96 – 2/15/17 Deal: ZTE Axon Pro 32GB for $175, 64GB for $199 – 2/15/17 Deal: Philips Hue Starter Kit (Refurbished) for $139 – 2/15/17 Electronic Deals: Feb. 15th, 2017 – Samsung, Fitbit, NETGEAR Special Features Weekly Poll: Are You Buying The LG Watch Style Or LG Watch Sport? Make The Most Of Valentine’s Day With Android For Singles Will Chrome’s WebVR Support Be The Future Of Mobile VR? How To Make The Most Of Valentine’s Day With Android For Couples Google’s Valentine’s Day Doodle Is Actually A Game February 14, 2017 - Written By Daniel Golightly The Google Doodle for Valentine’s day is up and if you haven’t seen it already, it’s also a nicely designed 2D platformer game featuring a pangolin in love and chocolate cake. As is usually the case, this Doodle serves as both a bit of fun and quirky eye-candy and as a way to draw much-needed attention to a more serious subject. Without giving too much of the story within the playable Doodle away, the game starts out with a pangolin checking his mail on Valentine’s Day to find a letter from its significant other who lives someplace far away. As he rushes to pack his things, he realizes that he doesn’t actually have any Valentine’s Day gifts for the pangolin he loves. Upon seeing another couple of fellow pangolins sharing a chocolate cake, the love-stricken pangolin sets about finding cocoa beans to make a cake of his own. The story starts out in Ghana but then moves through three other countries including China, India, and the Philippines. Each level is uniquely crafted to capture some aspect of the culture found within the country that level takes place in. The game also manages to make use of some little-known facts about pangolins. For example, pangolins are excellent swimmers, despite looking like they’d simply sink in water. Using that fact, Google was able to include some “water level” aspects to the gameplay. They also curl up into a ball as a defensive posture, so Google made rolling the character’s primary means transportation. In addition to the fun, Google uses the loading screens for each level to provide various facts about Pangolins in the real world. For example, there are 8 species of the scaled insectivores spread across Africa and Asia, including the countries featured in the game itself. Pangolins are also endangered from poaching for food and tribal medicines, as well as habitat loss, which is likely the reason the company chose to bring attention to them with the Doodle-based game. Unfortunately, the game is only likely to be the feature on Google’s search for a day or so before being taken down, just as with most Doodles – though it will almost certainly live on in the company’s long-standing repository of past Doodles. For those without immediate access to a computer, Google’s Valentine’s Day Doodle is also playable on mobile now that support has been added to the Google app. Post navigation New LG G6 Teaser Focuses On Durability Deal: Lifetime Subscription of IDrive Unlimited Mobile Backup for $19.99 – 2/14/17 February 14, 2017 | Android News Source: Google Via: The Next Web Show Comments Hide Comments () Latest News Huawei P10 Leaks In Blue, Green And Yellow Color Variants YouTube (Desktop) Receives Material Redesign And Dark Mode Moto G5 Plus Press Materials Leak, Design & Specs Revealed Sundar Pichai Responds To A 7-Year-Old’s Job Application LG’s G6 Has A FullVision Display With An 18:9 Aspect Ratio Win An NVIDIA SHIELD (2017) With Android Headlines – International Giveaway A New Moto X May Have Just Passed Through The FCC Phone Comparisons: Moto Z Force vs ASUS ZenFone AR Huawei’s P10 Plus Seems To Have Leaked In Press Renders Play Store App Updates Can Be Handled By The APKUpdater App Tech Talk: Banks Are Hoping To Replace ATM Cards With Smartphones Best Robot Vacuum Review – Dyson 360 Eye, iRobot Roomba 980, Xiaomi Mi Robot Huawei Is Reportedly Building A Digital Assistant Of Its Own Alphabet’s Access Division Hires Greg McCray As CEO ASUS Reveals The Cost Of Their ZenFone 3 Zoom In Taiwan Download: You Can Share Voicemails In Google Phone 8.0 Google Explains some of their Choices in Making the Pixel Google Officially Announces The Launch Of Android Wear 2.0 The Google News Fact Check Tag Is Coming To More Countries U.S. Cellular-Branded LG Flagship Hits Geekbench Pick Up the Harman Kardon Onyx Studio Wireless Portable Speaker for $96 – 2/15/17 Load More Posts Follow Share
Login _ Social Sharing Find TechSpot on... Facebook YouTube Twitter Google+ Subscribe to TechSpot RSS Get our weekly newsletter Search TechSpot Trending Hardware The Web Culture Mobile Gaming Apple Microsoft Google Reviews Outstanding Laptops Graphics Smartphones CPUs Storage Cases Keyboard & Mice Features Must Reads PC Buying Guide Hardware Software Gaming Tips & Tricks Best Of Downloads Latest Downloads Popular Apps Editors Picks Device Drivers Product Finder New Releases New PC Games Laptops Smartphones Routers Storage Motherboards Monitors Forums Community Activity Today's Posts Google Car Tech self-driving car Google paid some of its self-driving car team so much money that they left the company Workers called it F-you money By Rob Thubron on Feb 14, 2017, 6:15 AM TechSpot Any big business that wants to hold on to its top employees would be wise to compensate them well, but there’s always the danger of a firm being too generous. According to Bloomberg, Google paid its self-driving car experts so much money that they didn’t need the job security and decided to quit. The report states that some of the first workers from Google’s autonomous vehicle business had "an unusual compensation system" that awarded payouts based on the project’s value and performance. As well as earning their standard salaries, the employees received bonuses and equity in the business, which had multipliers applied based on periodic valuations of the division. Some payments reached into the millions of dollars - one member of the team had a multiplier of 16 applied to bonuses and equity amassed over four years. The two staffers Bloomberg talked to referred to the payments as “f-you money.” As more key milestones were reached, more money was handed over to the workers. In the end, they were paid so much that they lost any incentive to stay at Google. Former project leader Chris Urmson left to co-found a startup with ex-Tesla employee Sterling Anderson. Others left to form self-driving truck firm Otto, which has since been acquired by Uber. And former Google car exec Bryan Salesky started Argo AI. The generous system was replaced when the self-driving car division spun off into the new Waymo unit back in December, but the scheme had cost parent company Alphabet a lot of money. It lost $3.5 billion on “other bets” in 2015, which includes the self-driving car business. Even with all the resources being poured into the technology right now, it’ll take many more years before self-driving cars become mainstream. Alphabet may have to wait a long time before it sees a return on its investment. Related Reads Google readies its own health and fitness tracking platform, dubbed Google Fit Google removes Google+ integration from the Play Store, tests new features Google finally reveals how much it paid the student who briefly owned Google.com 7 comments 159 interactions Share this article: Now Read This… Check out the most Googled car brands in every country Dride is a Raspberri Pi-based Alexa-enabled dashcam Jaguar and Shell launch the world's first in-car payment system for gas stations Popular 27 comments Radeon Fury X vs. GeForce GTX 980 Ti: Are They Still Worth Buying? For Honor: Graphics & CPU Performance Load Comments 7 ... User Comments: 7 Got something to say? Post a comment Load all comments... Discuss 490 How to identify your webcam (and then find its driver) 28 Disney has dropped PewDiePie over anti-Semitic content 8 Amazon drone delivery patent describes using parachutes to drop packages from the air 8 Senators write official letter asking if Trump is using his secure smartphone 25 Apple's premium 'iPhone X' could cost more than a grand Recently commented stories Jump to forum mode Add New Comment You need to be a member to leave a comment. Join thousands of tech enthusiasts and participate. TechSpot Account Sign up for free, it takes 30 seconds. Already have an account? Login now. You may also... Main Sections Technology News Reviews Features Product Finder Downloads Drivers Community TechSpot Forums Today's Posts Ask a Question News & Comments Useful Resources Best of the Best Must Reads Trending Now Hot Downloads About TechSpot About Advertising News Archive Social & Feeds Follow TechSpot Facebook Twitter Google Plus YouTube RSS Subscribe to the TechSpot Newsletter © 2017 TechSpot, Inc. All Rights Reserved. TechSpot is a registered trademark. Terms of Use Privacy Policy Licensing Advertise International Editions: US / UK India
TrustedReviews Facebook Twitter Googleplus TVs & Audio Cameras Computing Mobile Home appliances Gaming MWC 2017 GPS & Sat Nav Mobile Apps Mobile Phone Accessories Mobile Phones Tablets Wearables & Fitness Trending: Nintendo Switch Apple Watch 2 iPhone 7 Galaxy S8 Google Pixel iPhone 8 Home / News / Tablet News / Galaxy Tab S2 spotted running Android Nougat Galaxy Tab S2 spotted running Android Nougat by Jamie Hinks 14 February 2017 0 shares Read Comments Samsung looks all set to give another one of its devices the sweet taste of Android Nougat. The Samsung Galaxy Tab S2 8.0 was spotted inside Geekbench's online database running a version of Android 7.0, suggesting that the latest version of the popular mobile OS will soon hit the slate. Google officially released Android Nougat in August 2016, with the company's own Nexus and Pixel devices the first to get the OS before it was offered up to the masses shortly afterwards. It comes with a range of new features such as support for Daydream VR and Google Assistant, plus a new emoji and GIF keyboard. Related: MWC 2017 As is always the case, third-party manufacturers have been slow to roll out the OS, and Samsung is no different in that department. The latest version of Android only arrived on the Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 Edge last month, but it should be on Samsung’s next flagship, the Galaxy S8, from the get go. The result of the slow uptake from device manufacturers means fragmentation is still a big problem for Google’s OS. Just a matter of days ago, Google confirmed that Nougat has reached just over 1% of all Android devices. In fact, most devices are still running the 2014 vintage, Android Lollipop, which sits on a big 32.9% of Android smartphones and tablets. Today’s news is by no means cast iron confirmation that Nougat is about to arrive on Samsung’s mini tablet, and it should be noted that it’s relatively simple to doctor the model number of a unit to create a false set of benchmark results. The fact this is out in the open, though, means that something should materialise soon enough. Watch: Samsung Galaxy Tab S2 review Still waiting for Android Nougat in your device? Let us know what feature you can’t wait to see in the comments. 0 shares Read Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Free Newsletter Get TrustedReviews' award-winning reviews, opinions and advice delivered to your inbox for free! By submitting your details, you'll also receive emails from Time Inc. UK, publisher of Trusted Reviews and other iconic brands about its goods and services, and those of its carefully selected third parties. Please tick here if you'd prefer not to hear about: Time Inc.'s goods & services, including all the latest news, great deals and offers Third party goods & services ⩔ Show More Terms & Conditions | Privacy & Cookies Policy More on Trusted Reviews More information - Sitemap| About us| Contact us| Advertise with us Facebook Twitter Googleplus Trusted Reviews is part of the Time Inc. (UK) Ltd Technology Network © Time Inc. (UK) Ltd 2003-2017, All rights reserved| Terms of use| Privacy Policy| Cookie Information Free Newsletter Get TrustedReviews' award-winning reviews and advice delivered to your inbox for free! By submitting your details, you'll also receive emails from Time Inc. UK, publisher of Trusted Reviews and other iconic brands about its goods and services, and those of its carefully selected third parties. Please tick here if you'd prefer not to hear about: Time Inc.'s goods & services, including all the latest news, great deals and offers Third party goods & services ⩔ Show More Terms & Conditions | Privacy & Cookies Policy
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Politics With All Due Respect Global Risk Briefing How We’ll Know if Trump Is Making America Great Again Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts The Inauguration of Donald J. Trump On the March in Trump’s Capital Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Science + Energy Graphics Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe Netflix, Amazon Fuel L.A. Offices as Streaming Flourishes by Nicole Piper More stories by Nicole Piper February 14, 2017, 5:00 AM EST February 14, 2017, 11:25 AM EST Landlords benefit from convergence of entertainment and tech Media tenants occupy region’s most office space this decade “House of Cards” needs more room. Netflix Inc., the streaming service that’s home to the political drama, last month leased an entire five-story office building in Hollywood, less than three months after signing a decade-long deal for adjacent stages and production offices, bringing its total space in the Sunset Bronson Studios complex to more than 500,000 square feet (46,500 square meters) -- roughly the size of five Wal-Mart stores. Shared office space in Playa Vista. Photographer: Patrick T. Fallon/Bloomberg The surge in online television viewing is spurring a wave of big real estate deals, as companies such as Netflix, Amazon.com Inc. and Google snap up space to cope with increased production demands. The amount of office space the entertainment industry occupies in Los Angeles County has climbed to the most this decade, with media tenants in 25.5 million square feet, up 2.99 million square feet from five years earlier, according to brokerage CBRE Group Inc. The space the streaming companies lease has evolved from the small offices of a few years ago to the giant production facilities typically associated with traditional Hollywood studios. “The sort of boom around those marketplaces has been specific to the digital media and the entertainment world converging with the technology world,” said Victor Coleman, chief executive officer of Los Angeles-based  Hudson Pacific Properties Inc., Netflix’s landlord at Sunset Bronson Studios. The surge in leasing by entertainment companies reaches from downtown L.A. and Hollywood to Playa Vista, once a stretch of marshland between Los Angeles International Airport and Venice that’s become known as “Silicon Beach” because of an influx of media companies and digital startups. Entertainment-industry growth has helped an office market hurt by a years-long exodus of traditional users of corporate space, including hotel operator Hilton Worldwide Holdings Inc. and defense contractor Northrop Grumman Corp., both of which moved to Virginia. Like Netflix, BuzzFeed Motion Pictures set up offices in Hollywood, while Amazon Studios is in Santa Monica and producers of original shows for Hulu’s service have used space at Culver City’s historic Culver Studios, where classics such as “Gone With the Wind” and “Citizen Kane” were filmed. Netflix’s expanded Southern California facilities will be spread across multiple buildings at Sunset Bronson Studios, former home of Warner Bros. Studios, where “The Jazz Singer,” the movie industry’s first “talkie,” was filmed in 1927. “What’s going on in L.A. now is very similar to what we saw many years ago, when the cable companies were growing rapidly,” said Jeff Pion, a vice chairman at Los Angeles-based CBRE. Rising demand for digital content, and the additional production that comes with it, mirrors the era when cable subscriptions climbed and new TV channels brought viewers more options, he said. Read More: A QuickTake on the Streaming Revolution Hollywood isn’t alone in offering historic facilities to new-media companies. Playa Vista -- where companies including Alphabet Inc.’s Google, Facebook Inc. and Yahoo! Inc. now have space -- is on land that once was an airstrip for pilot and movie producer Howard Hughes, an allure not lost on its current tenants. A Story “Everyone wants to work where Howard Hughes was,” said Alison Girard, Brookfield Residential’s director of marketing for Playa Vista. “They want to come to a place with a story.” The ’Spruce Goose’ hangar under renovation. Photographer: Patrick T. Fallon/Bloomberg Google was one of the first companies to migrate south from Silicon Valley in 2003, initially setting up shop in Santa Monica before moving to Venice Beach. In 2014, it acquired 12 acres (4.9 hectares) in Playa Vista, including the hangar where Hughes built his “Spruce Goose” airplane. Google’s YouTube unit also has about 41,000 square feet next door under a long-term lease. Last week, real estate developer Tishman Speyer announced that it leased more than 50,000 square feet of creative office space in Playa Vista to Loyola Marymount University for its School of Film and Television graduate programs. Oscar Nomination Demand for space is being bolstered by both commercial and critical successes for the streaming services. Netflix signed up a record 7.05 million new customers in the fourth quarter, topping analysts’ estimates for domestic and international growth to cap the company’s first year as a global online-TV service. Its show “House of Cards,” an Emmy nominee for outstanding drama series last year, returns for a fifth season in May. Amazon, meanwhile, last month made history by becoming the first online-video service to receive an Academy Awards best picture nomination, for “Manchester by the Sea,” which secured a total of six Oscar nominations. Entertainment companies have very different demands from those of older L.A. tenants like Hilton, Northrop and Occidental Petroleum Co., which moved to Houston in 2015. In Playa Vista, offices are spacious and relaxed, with young people in leggings and beanies working on their laptops while lounging on couches, sunk into beanbag chairs or perched on bar stools. Neon signs with inspirational phrases hang on the walls, while sliding doors link indoor dining rooms to outdoor patios strewn with hammocks and foliage. Employees’ dogs run from room to room. “Our mom and dads’ office space is not the office space we want to work in today,” said Brookfield’s Girard, adding that the style once favored mostly by technology and media companies is catching on with traditional office tenants. “Now banks and lawyers want creative space too.” YouTube Proximity Fullscreen Inc. offices. Photographer: Patrick T. Fallon/Bloomberg Streaming service and content producer Fullscreen Inc. moved into its Playa Vista offices almost two years ago, and CEO George Strompolos said the open floor plan and modern amenities fostered the kind of creativity that drives the company’s business model. Proximity to YouTube and other similar companies was also a big draw. “We kind of liked the idea of what was brewing with the Silicon Beach community,” Strompolos said. “We like our neighbors, most of which are collaborators, some of which are competitors. It keeps it interesting.” Read More: Disney Dumps YouTube Star for Anti-Semitic Content Cheryl Idell, West Coast lead of marketing firm MindShare, which moved from Santa Monica to Playa Vista in June 2015, also said the open spaces allow for collaboration and a more relaxed environment. CBRE’s Pion predicted that older media companies such as CBS Corp. and 21st Century Fox Inc. will start to retool their offices to offer the type of amenities millennials have come to expect, and some companies have already taken steps in that direction. Cheryl Idell Photographer: Patrick T. Fallon/Bloomberg Warner Music Group leased a 257,000-square-foot renovated Ford auto plant in downtown L.A.’s trendy Arts District, and Viacom Inc. has consolidated its West Coast operations, which were scattered across the region, from Burbank to Santa Monica, into one central Hollywood office building leased from Kilroy Realty Corp. New Model “You’ve got all the existing studio companies, which is Sony, Fox, Disney and Warner Bros., and they’re not just going to say, ‘OK, we’re going to stick to the old model,’” said Coleman, the Hudson Pacific CEO, whose company had 42.2 percent of its tenants in the tech industry and 13.6 percent in entertainment last year. The expansion of streaming companies’ office space has coincided with L.A.’s efforts to attract more production. Last year, revised incentives were introduced, which led to 6.2 percent more shooting days than in 2015, while the number of feature films shot in L.A. jumped 12 percent, according to FilmL.A. Inc., the official film office for the city and county. New media, however, has used few tax incentives, with only Hulu’s “Citizen,” Netflix’s “13 Reasons Why” and Amazon’s “Good Girls Revolt,” which has been canceled, receiving subsidies last year, said Philip Sokoloski, a FilmL.A. spokesman. Casual Attire The convergence of entertainment and tech has created new outlets for production while also leading to greater use of office space. Technological advancements have scaled down the number of people required to work on sound stages and boosted demand for offices as employees move behind computers. Still, not all buildings are benefiting. Traditional office properties are still coping with high vacancies, with younger workers expecting the catered food, open floor plans and ultra-casual dress codes that are rare in towers home to accounting and law firms. Your cheat sheet on life, in one weekly email. Get our weekly Game Plan newsletter. Sign Up David Simon, executive vice president of Southern California for Los Angeles-based Kilroy, Viacom’s landlord, said some traditional office buildings “can be transformed” for companies seeking looser, more creative space -- as long as landlords have “the right vision and the right capital.” In the meantime, media and tech tenants will continue to seek space in places like Hollywood and the Arts District as they seek to produce content in the entertainment capital of the world. “They’re all looking, and they’re all coming,” Hudson Pacific’s Coleman said. “We’re in a pretty strong wind tunnel and we’ve got it blowing behind us.” Watch Next: Netflix's Decade of Streaming Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Most Read Americans Just Broke the Psychologists’ Stress Record Aetna CEO: Obamacare in 'Death Spiral' Calls for Russia Probe Mount for White House Reeling From Flynn Fallout The Political Assassination of Michael Flynn Trump's F-35 Calls Came With a Surprise: Rival CEO Was Listening Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
News Corp is a network of leading companies in the worlds of diversified media, news, education, and information services. Follow The Sun Your Sun Sign in Editions Scottish Sun Irish Sun The Sun The Scottish Sun The Irish Sun Dream Team Sun Bets Fabulous Sun Favourite Sun Motors Sun Bingo Sun Gifts News Corp WSJ.com New York Post The Australian News.com.au Storyful Harper Collins Realtor.com Services Sign Up To The Sun Terms and Conditions Editorial Complaints Clarifications and Corrections Syndication Advertising Contact Us Commissioning Terms Help Hub The Sun, A News UK Company TOP London Set your weather Now 0°C 9pm 0°C Sign in UK Edition Scottish Sun Irish Sun Search Home Football Sport TV & Showbiz Living News Videos Sun Bingo Sun Bets All News All News UK News World News Politics Tech and science Opinion BLACK HEART The Google Doodle for Valentine’s day 2017 has a very dark secret Google has created a game about cute cat-like creatures that are on the brink of extinction by MARGI MURPHY 14th February 2017, 11:26 am Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) Comments GOOGLE’S choice of Doodle for Valentine’s Day is harbouring a chilling message. The search giant’s homepage is currently an  interactive game where users aid a cute pangolin’s quest for love. 5 Today’s Google Doodle is an interactive Valentine’s Day game But while the game is all about celebrating romance, real pangolins are on the brink of extinction. The termite-eating animals are a delicacy in their native Asia and Sub-Saharan Africa and are “being eaten out of existence”,  according to animal charity the International Union for Conservation of Nature. Google created the game with the help of an animal charity to raise awareness of their plight. It launched on February 11 and and will add new levels throughout Tuesday. 5 Google’s Doodle is a heartwarming game with a chilling tone 5 Defenceless … a Thai zoo official feeds an innocent pangolin with milk Joel Sartore/National Geographic Photo Ark 5 An African White-Bellied Tree Pangolin shows off the details on its scales at the Pangolin Conservation, St. Augustine, Florida 5 Once widespread, pangolins are now a species on the brink of extinction Related stories SCALING NEW HEIGHTS All you need to know about how to play Google's Valentine's Day doodle game COLOURFUL STAR Who was Carmen Miranda? The Chiquita Banana Girl famous for her hats and costumes celebrated by Google Doodle ALL MAPPED OUT New Google Maps feature lets you save your journeys and share them with friends via your smartphone STREAM OF HATE Google faces questions over 'terror funding' as top brand ads appear on extremist YouTube videos How can I be beautiful? Make-up artist to the stars answers Google's most searched-for beauty questions TECH TOCK Google is about to put its incredible artificial intelligence inside a smartwatch The interactive Doodle took Google an entire year to create, with the help of the World Wildlife Fund. The animal charity hopes to raise awareness for the pangolin and has included a link for players to donate to the cause. Google has created lots of iconic doodles. Just last week it honoured Carmen Miranda, the Chiquita Banana Girl famous for her hats and costumes. It paid tribute to Sandford Fleming, the Scottish-born polymath who “created time” on his 190th birthday, too. We pay for your stories! Do you have a story for The Sun Online news team? Email us at tips@the-sun.co.uk or call 0207 782 4368           The Sun Topics Google Doodles Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) Comments Comments Most Read in News TOPSHOP HORROR Boy, 10, was crushed to death by 'falling till display' as Topshop removes them from its 300 branches News smash hit Shocking moment 'smirking' James Arthur is smashed over the head with a glass by thug after he found out the… News BBC MOORSIDE DRAMA All you need to know about Karen Matthews – 'Britain's most hated mum' News 'I caught this s*** with my hubby' Furious wife marches NAKED love rival through the streets after catching her in bed with… News COPS HELD OVER GANG RAPE Horrifying footage emerges of female cop's 'gang rape by five colleagues' in Mexico News MOORSIDE THEN AND NOW From Karen Matthews to Shannon's stepdad  - where are the real Moorside 'cast' now News GRAVE ROBBERS Moment undertakers snatch corpse from coffin in front of family during funeral - over £27 debt News CHARLIE'S ANGEL Soap actress who fell in love with Britain's most notorious lag Charles Bronson News 'she was in high spirits in her last days' The heartbroken sister of Tara Palmer-Tomkinson, 45, reveals on Twitter that the… News CHAINSAW DEATH Tree surgeon dad of one killed in horror accident as 'chainsaw carves through his neck leaving… News COP TRIBUTES Officer from TV's Police Interceptors dies of cancer aged 34, leaving behind wife and daughter News RAPED ONLINE Teenage girl who live-streamed her friend, 17, being raped after getting her drunk is jailed for just nine… News DEADLY BLUNDER Girl, 10, died screaming in agony after a nurse rammed a feeding tube into the wrong part of her body,… News 'FIND SHANNON' What happened to Shannon Matthews after the notorious fake kidnapping which gripped the nation? News 'PERFECT PRINCESS' Tragic student killed in horror road crash when car careered off road and smashed into tree News Most Popular DIET COKE GIRL Holly Willoughby bags new role as the face of Diet Coke as she expands her multi-million pound empire TV & Showbiz 'SACK THE CLEANER!' Katie Price fans mock millionaire for having 'merry Xmas' sign on window seven weeks after big day TV & Showbiz LOOKING WAND-ERFUL Harry Potter actress Scarlett Byrne poses in the buff in the next issue of Playboy Living Lee-d role Blue singer Lee Ryan lands role in EastEnders as new badboy Woody TV & Showbiz 'THAT'S SICK' Jemma Lucy slammed by fans for making sick comment about Charlotte Crosby losing her baby TV & Showbiz Exclusive BILL HIKE Vodafone to hike bills for MILLIONS of customers in April as it imposes mid-contract price rise Living BLACK HEART Dark secret behind Google's Valentine's Day Doodle will leave you feeling blue News OUR ONE-SIDED OPEN RELATIONSHIP Meet the man who lets his girlfriend have sex with other people so she doesn't leave him...… Living ROMANTIC MEAL FOR THREE! Katie Price shares pic of Valentine's dinner with hubby Kieran – but who's the third meal for? TV & Showbiz Revealed Twitter tease Kimberley Walsh and Sarah Harding leave fans wondering if Cheryl has given birth TV & Showbiz Warning STRIPPED OF HER DIGNITY Young woman turns to stripping to fund her £240-a-day heroin habit in harrowing photo series… Living FRILLS & CHILLS Helen Flanagan wears a lacy red bra and no top for Valentine's date with Scott Sinclair TV & Showbiz TOPSHOP HORROR Boy, 10, was crushed to death by 'falling till display' as Topshop removes them from its 300 branches News Exclusive 'THE ONLY WAY IS BACK' Mario Falcone returns to Towie 18 months after quitting the show TV & Showbiz MIRROR IMAGE Bianca Gascoigne's ex CJ Meeks steps out with lookalike girlfriend just days after Jamie O'Hara dumped her TV & Showbiz Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) By continuing to use the site, you agree to the use of cookies. You can change this and find out more by following this link Close Follow The Sun Services Sign Up To The Sun Terms and Conditions Editorial Complaints Clarifications and Corrections Syndication Advertising Contact Us Commissioning Terms Help Hub ©News Group Newspapers Limited in England No. 679215 Registered office: 1 London Bridge Street, London, SE1 9GF. "The Sun", "Sun", "Sun Online" are registered trademarks or trade names of News Group Newspapers Limited. This service is provided on News Group Newspapers' Limited's Standard Terms and Conditions in accordance with our Privacy & Cookie Policy. To inquire about a licence to reproduce material, visit our Syndication site. View our online Press Pack. For other inquiries, Contact Us. To see all content on The Sun, please use the Site Map. The Sun website is regulated by the Independent Press Standards Organisation (IPSO) Our journalists strive for accuracy but on occasion we make mistakes. For further details of our complaints policy and to make a complaint please click here.
menu Sections Thursday, February 16, 2017 search Today's Paper insert_drive_file Close   INQUIRER.NET NEWS OPINION SPORTS LIFESTYLE PREEN ENTERTAINMENT BUSINESS TECHNOLOGY GLOBAL NATION USA & CANADA POP ESPORTS BANDERA CDN PBA MOTIONCARS INQSHOP MY INQUIRER ADVERTISE menu search NEWS OPINION SPORTS LIFESTYLE PREEN ENTERTAINMENT BUSINESS TECHNOLOGY GLOBAL NATION technology / Internet share this Google’s ‘Security Princess’ gives top 4 tips vs online attackers By: Yuji Vincent Gonzales - Reporter / @YGonzalesINQ INQUIRER.net / 07:11 PM February 14, 2017 Google’s ‘Security Princess’ Parisa Tabriz  PHOTO/YUJI GONZALES The Internet may feel like a safe haven for today’s digital natives, but the truth that web users should remind themselves every day is it’s not. For Parisa Tabriz, dubbed as Google’s “Security Princess,” a full security in the internet is never guaranteed no matter how much precaution you put into place, especially when attackers like hackers are very determined and well-funded. But Tabriz, who manages Google’s information security engineering team, noted that users can always try to make it difficult for attackers to exploit them and their personal data. ADVERTISEMENT “We have more challenges ahead for sure, but we have a shared responsibility to secure the internet,” Tabriz told Manila-based journalists in a video conference at Google Philippines’ headquarters in Taguig. In line with the celebration of Safer Internet Day last Feb. 7, Tabriz shared the following four security tips to maintain a safe and secure online environment: Don’t reuse or share same password. “Hackers know that people reuse the same password, and so what they will do is target especially weak websites to extract passwords from all users of that website, look at a full database of passwords, and try to use those in other multiple platforms. When you use the same passwords, it’s more like a secret—the more people you tell about it, the more likely it is to be known,” Tabriz said. Acknowledging the difficulty in remembering a different password for every single site, Tabriz recommended the use of a password manager, which makes it possible for the technology to remember different passwords across multiple platforms. Never log in on shared computers and strengthen the security settings of your account Tabriz said shared public computers are more likely to have malware in a form of keylogger, which can remember keyboard strokes and possibly send passwords to attackers. “Think of it as having a lot of germs from other people. You don’t want to put something sensitive into something that has a lot of germs,” she said. The Google security princess urged users to verify their account security settings where they can check the places and devices where they logged in their accounts and use a “second layer” of protection through the two-step verification process. “If you don’t own an iPhone and you see that somebody who has an iPhone has logged in to your account, then that might be suspicious. What’s more important to do here is to add a second-factor authentication to your account because there is a risk that your password gets leaked,” Tabriz added. Be mindful of all software or applications you install on your computer and phone “This is challenging because if you’re not a security expert, or even if you are a security expert, it’s difficult to tell what’s a legitimate software versus an attacker trying to fool somebody,” Tabriz said. The security expert recommended the use of Google Safe Browsing which “regularly scans all sites on the web and opens every website in its own quarantine machine.” “Based on the behavior of that site, based on our online analysis, we will be able to determine if this site is bad and put it into a blacklist. If you try to log in to these sites on Chrome, instead of directing you to that site, we are going to send you a red warning,” she added. Keep your software up to date Tabriz highlighted the importance of regularly installing updates because they usually come with security updates that solve critical security bugs. “If you are not installing those updates, then you leave yourself open and vulnerable to attackers,” she said. Aside from the above-mentioned tips, Google also recommends the following measures to avoid being a victim of cybercrime: -Use a long password made up of numbers, letters and symbols. -Many services will send an email to you at a recovery email address if you need to reset your password, so make sure your recovery email address is up-to-date and an account you can still access. -Don’t reply if you see a suspicious email, instant message or webpage asking for your personal or financial information. -Never enter your password if you’ve arrived at a site by following a link in an email or chat that you don’t trust. -Don’t send your password via email, and don’t share it with others. -Beware of strangers bearing gifts. If someone tells you you’re a winner and asks you to fill out with your personal information, don’t be tempted to start filling it out. -Do your research. When shopping online, research the seller and be wary of suspiciously low prices just like you would if you were buying something at a local store. -When in doubt, play it safe. Only click on ads or buy products from sites that are safe, reviewed and trusted. -You should always lock your screen when you finish using your computer, laptop or phone. For added security, you should also set your device to automatic lock when it goes to sleep. -Use secure networks. It’s good to be extra careful whenever you go online using a network you don’t know or trust—like using the free Wi-Fi at your local cafe. -Know your Google security and privacy tools (2-step verification, account settings, incognito mode, Google Dashboard, Ads Settings, Google+ Circles). play_circle_filled New wave of robots set to deliver the goods February 05, 2017 play_circle_filled Nintendo reboots with new Switch game console January 15, 2017 play_circle_filled Avatar-style South Korean manned robot takes first baby steps January 04, 2017 play_circle_filled 'Heart-in-a-box' device helps save lives January 04, 2017 TAGS: Google, Internet, Online attacks, Philippine news updates For feedback, complaints, or inquiries, contact us. INQUIRER.net Follow @inquirerdotnet TRENDING newsinfo Senate won’t allow arrest of De Lima February 14, 2017 entertainment Erich Gonzales to speak up on ‘money issues’ with Matsunagas February 13, 2017 newsinfo SC affirms forfeiture of Marcos jewelry collection February 13, 2017 entertainment Daniel Matsunaga’s sis Vanessa to Erich: Address money issue February 13, 2017 newsinfo Plunderer ‘kills’ more people than a murderer – Lacson February 13, 2017 Disclaimer: Comments do not represent the views of INQUIRER.net. We reserve the right to exclude comments which are inconsistent with our editorial standards. FULL DISCLAIMER share this The Inquirer Channels News Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Technology Business Opinion Global Nation Services Sitemap Mobile RSS Email Us Archive Contact Us Advertise News Letter Job Openings The Inquirer Company About INQUIRER.net About the INQUIRER User Agreement Link Policy Privacy Policy Article Index Partners Hinge Inquirer Bandera Cebu Daily News DZIQ990 AM Motion Cars PBA PesoPay IIDM © Copyright 1997-2016 INQUIRER.net | All Rights Reserved
Toggle navigation Toggle search All your technology ... Menu Skip to content Home News About Us Contact US Privacy Search: All your technology news in one place! News from Apple, Google, Microsoft and more! Google Maps Update: How To Make And Share Lists And Why You Should – Tech Times Posted on February 14, 2017 by Tech Times Google Maps got a neat new update that now allows users to create lists and share them with friends and family. Here’s a quick guide on how to create shareable lists in Google Maps, and how they could come in handy. ( Google Maps | YouTube ). Google lets users get social with MapsComputerworld 5 reasons to create and share lists in Google MapsCNET Google Maps makes your favorite places social with launch of shareable listsArs Technica Engadget -PC Magazine (press release) -Search Engine Land -Android Police all 108 news articles …read more wrote 26746 posts Post navigation ← Older Newer → All your technology news in one place! News from Apple, Google, Microsoft and more! Archives Archives Select Month February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 July 2014 June 2014 Recent News 7-year-old asks for Google job, Sundar Pichai tells her to finish school – India Today LG teases the G6’s UX 6.0: Multi-window support, squares, and rounded corners – Android Police Amazon Wants To Help Make Your Home Smart – Forbes India’s Tata Motors, Microsoft ink technology collaboration deal – Reuters Atomico closes on $765 million for its biggest fund yet – TechCrunch Subscribe to our Newsletter Email * © 2017 All your technology news in one place! - Powered by WordPress - Melany theme by deshack
