Tech Insider BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 Google Maps just fully integrated Uber into its app, and it looks incredible David Ruddock, Android Police Jan. 12, 2017, 2:06 PM 12,585 facebook linkedin twitter email print As part of an update to the Maps app today, Google is adding fully native integration with Uber. You can set a destination, pick an Uber type, book it, monitor its location, and call the driver - all directly from Google Maps. This is excellent. While I did see an update to Maps on my phone today, the feature doesn't appear to be live for me just yet, so there's probably a server-side switch on this. The video below explains the feature quite well (and quickly). This is something I've been dying to see in Maps ever since they began showing taxi service (sorry, I refuse to call it "ride sharing") prices earlier this year. The rest of the changelog is actually for older features - home screen shortcuts to your Maps contributions, and best-of business listings. Let's hope other services like Lyft get on board with this full integration soon, because Google Maps is a heck of a lot better at handling this than the native applications most of these companies offer. The newest version of the Maps APK can be found here. For more, check out Google's blog post. Read the original article on Android Police. Follow Android Police on Twitter, Facebook and Google Plus. Copyright 2017. More from Android Police: Best Buy already has the new NVIDIA SHIELD on store shelves, and you can try to buy one Android 7.0 Nougat kernel source released for Moto Z and Moto Z Droid Exploitee.rs hacked the Samsung Smartcam yet again, this time with a root exploit [Deal Alert] UE ROLL 2 available for $68 at Amazon, Wal-Mart ($32 off) YouTube v12.01 fine tunes an unruly seek bar, hints at video previews, event listings, and more [APK Teardown + Download] SEE ALSO: NYC's dinosaur museum is getting a major addition in 2020 — here's what it looks like NOW WATCH: Women are more attracted to men with these physical traits Loading video... More: Uber Google Maps Android Police facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru Google Maps just fully integrated Uber into its app, and it looks incredible Google Maps just fully integrated Uber into its app, and it looks incredible As part of an update to the Maps app today... Recommended For You Disclaimer Featured 5 innovations in radiology that could impact everything from the Zika virus to dermatology More "Digital Industry Insider" » We just created the best Google Chrome extension on the market for latest news headlines More "BI Innovations" » Get Tech Insider Emails & Alerts Newsletter-controller Sign-Up Learn More » Tech Select Tech Chart Of The Day Business Insider Select 10 Things In Tech You Need To Know Mobile Insights BII Mobile Insights More Featured 10 Things Before the Opening Bell BI Intelligence Daily Business Insider Select Digital Industry Insider Instant MBA Markets Chart Of The Day Business Insider Events Tech Chart Of The Day Tech Select Top 10 Things 10 Things In Tech You Need To Know Closing Bell Strategy 10 Things You Need To Know In Advertising Advertising Select Careers Select Retail Select Strategy Select Life Breaking News Education Select Entertainment Select Life Select Tech Digital Media Chart Of The Day E-Commerce Chart Of The Day Enterprise Select Fintech Briefing IoT Chart of the Day Mobile Chart Of The Day Payments Chart Of The Day Science Select Finance Finance Insider Markets Select Smart Investor Your Money Select Politics Military Select Politics Select Charts of the Day Sports Chart Of The Day Sports Sports Letter to My Younger Self Basketball great Ray Allen: ’Do you want to fit in, or do you want to embark on the lonely pursuit of greatness?' Read Allen's letter to his teenage self » Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2017 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR IT
Share toggle menu Deals Jobs Follow Us Android App Review Service Shop Deals Join Our Team Advertise About Staff Privacy Policy Contact Android News Android News Android Device List Page Android Manufacturer News Android Smartwatch News Android Auto News Android TV News VR News Google ChromeBook News Google Glass News Google ChromeCast News Android News Canada Android India News Android Chinese News Android Phone News Android Phone News Android Phone Reviews Android Phone Comparisons Best Android Phones Rankings Android Phone Accessory Reviews Android Tablet News Android Tablet News Best Android Tablets Rankings Android Tablet Comparisons Android Tablet Reviews Android App News Android App News Android App & Game Reviews Android Games Top 10 Best Android Apps & Games Lists Android Developer News Tech News Special Features Special Features Android Smartphone and Tablet Deals Google IO News Android Gift Guide MWC Android News CES 2017 Android and Tech News Android How To Guides Android Awards Android Newsletter Site Authors Join Our Team Advertise Android App Review Service News Tips Contact Social Media Followers 1.5M 416K 366K 53K 15K 20K 65K 46K Recent News Top 10: Android News Stories – January 15th, 2017 FCC Chairman Makes Final Plea for Net Neutrality Samsung Galaxy J7 (2017) Benchmarked Older Adults Now Have A Digital Assistant System With Elli-Q Recent Reviews Review: ZTE Axon 7 Mini Android Smartphone Review: UHANS A101 Review: OUKITEL K7000 Review: ASUS ZenFone 3 Laser Android Deals Deal: Pick up the Samsung Gear 360 for just $273 – 1/13/17 Today’s Tech Deals – Jan. 13th, 2017: Watch Dogs 2, Huawei Mate 9 & More! Deal: Huawei Honor 8, 32GB for $399 – 1/13/17 Deal: The Complete Web Programming Bundle for $41 – 1/13/17 Special Features Weekly Poll: What Was Your Favorite Tech From CES 2017? VR Offerings AT CES Paint A Picture Of A Bland 2017 For Hardware Top 10: Best Android Smartwatches Buyer’s Guide – January 2017 Top 10: Best Android Smartphones Buyer’s Guide – January 2017 Google Adds Yet More Banks To Android Pay’s Support List January 12, 2017 - Written By Justin Diaz Google adds yet more banks to Android Pay’s support list, this time totaling 40 new banks and credit unions that are now included on the already massive (and continually growing) list of supported institutions. This includes banks like Bank of Central Florida and Advantage One Federal Credit Union, as well as BMO Harris Bank N.A. and FedEx Employees Credit Association, among many others. As is standard it seems, Google appears to be adding new banks to the list of supported locations every two to four weeks, and has been adding new banks and credit unions around that pace since not too long after its official launch. Today’s newly updated list comes just a short while after Google added support for 31 new banks and credit unions back on December 19th, and for consumers who’s banks are still not listed as having Android Pay support, if Google continues to add more to the list at the rate they have been then it’s likely that their banks may be added in this next round which should be sometime in the first half of February if the timing stays the same. Interestingly enough, Google is also said to be launching Android Wear 2.0 in February, although they don’t mention any specific time frame other than “early February,” and with Android Wear 2.0 comes support for Android Pay on the platform, meaning users will finally be able to make payments for purchases from their wrists. This launch of the new version of Android Wear should coincide nicely with the timing of a new batch of added banks for Android Pay support, although there is also no guarantee that the support for more banks will be added at or around the exact same time as the release of Android Wear 2.0. While Android Pay is already widely available across the U.S. and some other major markets, Google is still continuing to open support for the service in some other countries, having recently added support for Japan back in the first half of December, while places like Canada have yet to fully support Google’s mobile payment system although it does reportedly work for customers of Canada’s Scotiabank. Post navigation Top 10: Best Android Smartphones Buyer’s Guide – January 2017 Samsung Galaxy A3, A5 & A7 (2017) Already Available In Russia January 12, 2017 | Android App News Source: Android Police Show Comments Hide Comments () Latest News The ZTE ZMAX Pro Is Getting Nougat Though The Beta Program Google Says The Pixel Audio Issue Is Hardware-Related LG Promises New LG G6 Flagship Safe From Overheating This Google Pixel Concept Is Quite The Attention Grabber Top 10: Android News Stories – January 15th, 2017 Sponsored: Buy The Huawei Mate 9 From Jet.com For $599.99 Sony Publish Xperia Z3+, Z4 Tablet, Z5 Firmware To PTCRB Apple v. Samsung Case is Reopened, Returning to Court of Appeals Samsung Investigates Overheating Senate Staffers Phone Mac Android File Transfer Problems With Google Pixel FCC Chairman Makes Final Plea for Net Neutrality Huawei Mate 9 Giveaway With Jet.com & Android Headlines – USA Only! Google Simplifying Hangouts Group Chat Creation LeEco Gets a $2.2B Investment from Sunac China Holdings Discovered Vulnerability In WhatsApp Is By Design Analysts Believe AT&T/Time Warner Deal Will Still Be Approved Samsung Galaxy J7 (2017) Benchmarked Sponsored: Huawei Nova Plus Giveaway from Huawei and AH Chrooma Keyboard Launches Out Of Beta With v4.0 Older Adults Now Have A Digital Assistant System With Elli-Q Phone Comparisons: Moto Z Force vs Honor 6X Load More Posts Follow Share
Login _ Social Sharing Find TechSpot on... Facebook YouTube Twitter Google+ Subscribe to TechSpot RSS Get our weekly newsletter Search TechSpot Trending Hardware The Web Culture Mobile Gaming Apple Microsoft Google Reviews Outstanding Laptops Graphics Smartphones CPUs Storage Cases Keyboard & Mice Features Must Reads PC Buying Guide Hardware Software Gaming Tips & Tricks Best Of Downloads Latest Downloads Popular Apps Editors Picks Device Drivers Product Finder New Releases New PC Games Laptops Smartphones Routers Storage Motherboards Monitors Forums Community Activity Today's Posts Google Car Tech google maps uber Google Maps now lets you hail an Uber without leaving the app Ride services mode gets an update By Jose Vilches on Jan 12, 2017, 5:00 PM TechSpot Google has announced a new update to Google Maps that brings deeper integration with ride hailing service Uber. While it was already possible to see a pickup ETA and price estimate for Uber, Lyft and others within Google Maps, now you can also book an Uber without leaving the app. As part of the update you can now get an overview of where the cars are by looking at the map, just as if you were using the dedicated Uber application. The bottom half of the screen will show tabs for different services that you have linked your account to and a carousel with circular icons  below that where users can pick their preferred ride type. Once you’ve booked a ride you’ll see a small card across the bottom with your driver’s details along with help, call and cancel buttons. You don’t even need to have the Uber app installed on your smartphone in order to hail a ride, though you will need an active account of course. You can take a look at information about your destination while en route. So menus, hours and other helpful details are only a swipe away. It’s unclear if you can hail rides from Lyft and competing services in-app, or if it’s only showing ETA and price estimates for the time being, since Google’s announcement only mentions its integration with Uber. The update is starting to roll out today and will be available globally for Google Maps on Android and iOS. Related Reads Google Maps knows everything about where you've been Google Maps gets a subtle refresh for a cleaner look Google Maps' new features will make commutes more convenient and affordable 1 comment 49 interactions Share this article: Now Read This… Google's Waymo provides a first-look at its self-driving minivans Android Wear 2.0 is coming in early February Samsung's new EV battery tech gives vehicles a 310-mile range from a 20-minute charge Popular Comparing Team Communication Apps: What Do You Get for Free? 23 comments This 74-year-old Grandpa is losing the game he has played since 1999 (and it'll touch your heart) Load Comments 1 ... User Comments: 1 Got something to say? Post a comment Load all comments... Discuss 19 Alleged backdoor discovered in WhatsApp could allow governments to read encrypted messages 24 Global PC shipments slide for fifth straight year 15 The European Union calls for robot rights but still wants a kill switch 20 Nintendo Switch details: $300, March 3 release, online service requires paid subscription, more 15 Gears of War creators sued by former NFL player who claims Cole Train character is based on him Recently commented stories Jump to forum mode Add New Comment You need to be a member to leave a comment. Join thousands of tech enthusiasts and participate. TechSpot Account Sign up for free, it takes 30 seconds. Already have an account? Login now. You may also... Main Sections Technology News Reviews Features Product Finder Downloads Drivers Community TechSpot Forums Today's Posts Ask a Question News & Comments Useful Resources Best of the Best Must Reads Trending Now Hot Downloads About TechSpot About Advertising News Archive Social & Feeds Follow TechSpot Facebook Twitter Google Plus YouTube RSS Subscribe to the TechSpot Newsletter © 2017 TechSpot, Inc. All Rights Reserved. TechSpot is a registered trademark. Terms of Use Privacy Policy Licensing Advertise International Editions: US / UK India
GSMArena.com Tip us 848k 113k 86k 164k RSS Log in Login with Facebook Google Sign up Home News Reviews Blog Phone Finder Tools Glossary Coverage FAQ Contact Upsampled Google Pixel XL review - - - ZTE Axon 7 Mini update brings December security patches, VoLTE support for T-Mobile Post your comment Comments (1) Vlad, 12 January 2017 ZTE Android Firmware Updates ZTE is currently in the process of rolling out a new software update for the Axon 7 mini. The new release is unfortunately still based on Android 6.0.1 Marshmallow, and not Nougat, and it's still a mystery when (or if) this smartphone will get its taste of the latest version of Google's mobile OS. That said, today's update is by no means useless. It brings with it support for Voice-over-LTE (VoLTE) when using T-Mobile, as well as all the missing security fixes from Google up to the December patch level. Yes, that's not the latest anymore since we're in January, but it will have to do. New APNs have been added for all major North American carriers, some Google apps were updated, and "other general fixes" are in too. Finally, ZTE says it's improved the camera focus speed and night mode. The update still comes with ZTE's MiFavor UI 4.0, while the build number ends in B21. It's a 419MB download, and you can grab it manually straight away if you go to the update menu in Settings. Source Related articles ZTE officially introduces Blade V8 Pro and Hawkeye The Blade V8 is another new dual-camera smartphone, courtesy of ZTE ZTE Z986DL and Z986U clear Bluetooth SIG KitKat-powered ZTE ZMAX on T-Mobile gets November security update Reader comments Chingatch NxeZ 14 Jan 2017 Installing now... Autofocus has been a little "troubling" esp close-up. Hope it fixes. Reply Read all comments Post your comment Total reader comments: 1 Phone finder Samsung Apple Microsoft Nokia Sony LG HTC Motorola Huawei Lenovo Xiaomi Google Acer Asus Oppo OnePlus Meizu BlackBerry Alcatel ZTE Toshiba Vodafone Gigabyte XOLO Lava Micromax BLU Gionee vivo LeEco Panasonic HP YU verykool Maxwest Plum All brands Rumor mill Top 10 by daily interest   Device Daily hits   1. Nokia 6 213,438 2. Samsung Galaxy J7 Prime 115,249 3. Samsung Galaxy J7 (2016) 86,339 4. Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 84,338 5. Xiaomi Redmi Note 4 80,825 6. Nokia 8 67,759 7. Xiaomi Redmi 3s Prime 60,697 8. Oppo F1s 57,232 9. vivo V5 57,005 10. Samsung Galaxy S7 edge 56,610 Top 10 by fans   Device Favorites   1. Samsung Galaxy S7 edge 1,843 2. OnePlus 3 1,577 3. Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 1,538 4. Xiaomi Mi 5 1,491 5. Samsung Galaxy S7 1,378 6. Sony Xperia Z5 Premium 1,365 7. HTC 10 1,333 8. Samsung Galaxy Note5 1,142 9. Huawei Nexus 6P 1,140 10. LG G5 1,121 Home News Reviews Blog Compare Coverage Glossary FAQ RSS feed Facebook Twitter © 2000-2016 GSMArena.com Mobile version Contact us Advertising Privacy Terms of use CDN by
News Conference TNW NYC Index TQ Deals Answers News Conference Index TQ Deals Answers Tech5 Contact Jobs Contribute Advertise Team About Apps Gear Tech Creative Money Insights Launch World Distract Offers Launch Distract World Have a cookie TNW uses cookies to personalise content and ads to make our site easier for you to use. We do also share that information with third parties for advertising & analytics. Got it! or More info Sections Apps Gear Tech Creative Money Insights Launch World Distract Offers About TNW About Team Advertise Contribute Jobs Contact TNW Sites News Conference TNW NYC Index TQ Deals Answers Cyberspace Culture Android Wear 2.0 is arriving next month with a Play Store for your wrist by Abhimanyu Ghoshal — in Google Credit: Google 345 shares According to a letter sent to developers and published by Android Police, Google is set to release version 2.0 of its Android Wear OS for smartwatches in early February. The biggest draw in the update is the on-watch Google Play store that will allow you to search and install apps right on your wrist. However, developers will need to ensure their apps are optimized for the latest version of the platform in order for them to show up in listings and search results. “The most awesome stage” Last year, Facebook's VP of Design thought the TNW Conference main stage was the best she'd ever been on. FIND OUT WHY In addition, Android Wear 2.0 will also bundle several new features like Android Pay, handwriting support, a full QWERTY keyboard, the ability for watchfaces to display info from other apps and one-touch smart replies based on the context of your incoming messages. Google Assistant is also expected to arrive on the OS, but it isn’t clear if it’ll be available at launch as the company noted last week that its AI-powered bot will roll out to various devices ‘over time’. The next release is expected to be accompanied by the launch of two new smartwatches designed to highlight the OS’ features. Google confirmed last December that these were on the way and will be manufactured by an unspecified hardware maker who has previously partnered with the company on a Wear product (LG, Huawei, Motorola and ASUS feature on that list). Google's two smartwatches will be released with Android Wear 2.0 in Q1 2017 [image courtesy of: https://t.co/so8uJyEZCy] pic.twitter.com/ruejqXSNSy — Evan Blass (@evleaks) October 13, 2016 It’ll be interesting to see if that hots up the dwindling smartwatch market in 2017. There’s also a chance that Fitbit might step into the space, having acquired smartwatch makers Pebble and Vector (both of whose wearables are run on proprietary cross-platform OSes) in the past couple of months. Only time will tell. Android Wear 2.0 is launching in early February on Android Police Read next: Dutch journalists hack local politicians' Twitter accounts to expose weak security AndroidGear Share on Facebook (37) Share on Twitter (227) Abhimanyu Ghoshal is a reporter from Bangalore, IN. Happy to hear your thoughts on abhimanyu@thenextweb.com or @aghoshal on Twitter. Abhimanyu is an avid gamer, street food gourmet and design connoisseur. Hit him up on Twitter, his site, or via mail: abhimanyu@thenextweb.com. Contact Mail Tweet Location Bangalore, IN Posts 2241 Posts / mo. 41.13   All posts by Abhimanyu > Shh. Here's some distraction How to balance security and usability with data analytics ABN AMRO Dutch journalists hack local politicians' Twitter accounts to expose weak security Alejandro Tauber This is the future of the fight against cancer TNW with Philips The PPAP guy has a new song and oh god, please make it stop Matthew Hughes Watch two Google Homes discuss the meaning of life on Twitch Alejandro Tauber This bloody Home Alone remake is infinitely more hilarious Mix Comments Recommended The tech behind making cancer history Lauren Gilmore Most popular 1 Learn all the tricks that savvy pros use to grow their businesses for under $30 TNW Deals 2 Facebook introduces fake news filter in Germany in time for federal elections Matthew Hughes 3 Join the front lines of the cybersecurity war with this ethical hacking training TNW Deals 4 The 'Uber of funerals' is turning heads in Russia Matthew Hughes 5 Woman expresses displeasure with T-Mobile's replacement policy by ramming car into store Matthew Hughes Never miss out Stay tuned with our weekly recap of what’s hot & cool by our CEO Boris. Thank you! Do it Join over 260,000 subscribers! Who's Hiring Add your company ABN AMRO Reinventing the world of banking Philips Embrace the unexpected Facebook Build and make an impact Amazon We are a company of pioneers Latest China demands local app stores register with authorities Matthew Hughes Facebook introduces fake news filter in Germany in time for federal elections Matthew Hughes Woman expresses displeasure with T-Mobile's replacement policy by ramming car into store Matthew Hughes The 'Uber of funerals' is turning heads in Russia Matthew Hughes Join the front lines of the cybersecurity war with this ethical hacking training TNW Deals Learn all the tricks that savvy pros use to grow their businesses for under $30 TNW Deals Windows 10 is getting a speed boost with a new 'Game Mode' Napier Lopez Good news: Samsung reportedly not killing the Galaxy S8's headphone jack Napier Lopez Top Trump cybersecurity advisor taken to task over his own insecure website Bryan Clark Microsoft affirms commitment to AI with acquisition of deep learning startup Maluuba Bryan Clark 5 inspiring reads for aspiring entrepreneurs: top tech CEOs tip top books Alejandro Tauber Nintendo switches on Switch pre-orders Napier Lopez WhatsApp neglected known bug putting your privacy at risk for months [Update] Mix Meet the Chrome Extension that auto-magically helps dodge 404 error pages Matthew Hughes December in Africa: All the tech news you shouldn’t miss from the past month Tom Jackson Larry Page Always deliver more than expected. Share Upcoming Events SXSW Mar 10, 2017 TNW Conference May 18, 2017 Popular Companies Amazon eBay Facebook Google Yahoo Trending Topics iPhone MacBook Playstation Samsung Galaxy YouTube Events About Team Advertise Contribute Jobs Contact © 2006–2017 The Next Web B.V. Made with ♥ in Amsterdam. Powered by Stay tuned Treat yourself Sit back and let the hottest tech news come to you by the magic of electronic mail. Thank you! Sign up Prefer to get the news as it happens? Follow us on social media. 1.65M followers 763K likes Help us out Who are you? Got two minutes to spare? We'd love to know a bit more about our readers. Start! All data collected in the survey is anonymous. ↑ ↓ Navigate up/down Enter Go to article / Search new term Esc Close search
U.S. Editions Australia Edition China Edition India Edition Italy Edition Japan Edition Singapore Edition United Kingdom United States Jan 15, 8:40 PM EST Subscribe Everything You Need To Know, Right Now. Everything You Need To Know, Right Now. The IBT Pulse Newsletter keeps you connected to the biggest stories unfolding in the global economy. Please enter a valid email Search Search Business Technology World National Media & Culture Millennial Money Entertainment Sports Subscribe Technology Google Maps Update: How To Hail An Uber Using Google Maps By AJ Dellinger On 01/12/17 AT 5:53 PM Close Need a ride? Now you don’t have to leave Google Maps to get one. A new feature being added by the search giant to its popular navigation app will allow users to hail an Uber without ever leaving Google Maps. The new feature is an expansion on Google’s previous Uber integration, which allowed users to check price estimates for rides and start the process of ordering an Uber, but the process required jumping over to the Uber app to complete the transaction. Now users in need of a lift won’t have to swipe a finger outside of Google Maps. The app will prompt users for their Uber account information, which will provide Google Maps with any linked information including payment methods. How To Hail An Uber With Google Maps First things first, make sure your Google Maps app is up to date. The version number will vary depending on your device and operating system, but the update issued on Jan. 12, offers the in-app Uber feature. Enter your destination and Google Maps will show you a variety of ways to get there. Select the icon that shows a figure with a hand up. This will display available ride services, including Uber and Lyft, with price estimates. Select your ride, tap the “Request” button in the lower right, and Google Maps will start the process of hailing your Uber. Related Stories Google Maps Tests WhatsApp-Like Location Feature: Report Uber Blames iOS For Tracking Users' Location From here, you’ll have to sign in to your Uber account. Once signed in, you’ll be able to do everything you normally would from within the Uber app—book a trip, track your driver on the map, and connect with the driver—through Google Maps. Users won’t even have to have the Uber app installed on their device once logged in through Google Maps—a feature that may ease the minds of those weirded out by the recent Uber update that requests users share their location even when not using the app. Once your account information has been entered, Google Maps will offer a prompt on the screen that will display the credit card linked to the Uber account to confirm the payment is correct and will show how far the driver is from pick up. Hit the “Book” button and the driver will be on their way. Join the Discussion Most Read Stay connected to the biggest stories unfolding in technology. The IBTech Newsletter keeps you connected to the biggest stories unfolding in technology. Please enter a valid email Business Takata Close To Faulty Airbag Settlement The settlement with DOJ reportedly includes a $25 million criminal fine, $125 million in victim compensation, and $850 million to compensate automakers. Technology Galaxy S7, S7 Edge Get Android Nougat Update However, it may be a while before HTC pushes out the official update for its HTC 10 device World Diplomats Warn US Against Moving Embassy To Jerusalem Israel did not attend Sunday's peace conference, saying it was "rigged" against the Jewish state. National Scottish Newspaper Lists Trump Inauguration As Episode Of 'Twilight Zone' Trump is to be sworn into office Friday. The Scottish Sunday Herald characterized it as the start of a "huge interactive virtual reality project." © Copyright 2017 IBT Media Inc. All Rights Reserved. IBT About Us Advertise with Us Media Kit Terms of Service Privacy Policy Editions Australia China India Italy Japan Singapore United Kingdom United States
Startup Launch! Best Industries Funding Incubators Business Plans Naming Home-Based Business The UPS StoreView Grow Strategy Operations Sales Marketing Customer Service Franchises Build Lead Company Culture Productivity Public Speaking Hiring HR/Benefits Women Entrepreneurs Rising Stars T-MobileView Innovate Creativity Invent Design Pivot Technology Cloud Computing Social Media Security Big Data Money Bootstrapping Crowdfunding Venture Capital Borrowing Business Models Personal Finance Inc. 5000 The 2016 US List The 2016 Europe List Apply Inc. 5000 US Special Reports Founders 40 Small Business Week The Inc. Life Icons of Entrepreneurship Hot Spots Spread the Wealth Vision 2020 Secrets of the Inspired Traveler Main Street Video Founders Forum Inspiration Chronicles World's Coolest Offices Lift Inc. Live How I Did It Drinks With… Idea Lab Playbook Productivity Playbook Tip Sheet Origin Stories Ask Marcus Lemonis Events Full Schedule Inc. Women's Summit Inc.5000 Conference & Gala Iconic GrowCo Conference Inc. BrandView NEWSLETTERS MAGAZINE PARTNER CONTENT Inc. BrandView Inc. Branded Content Inc. Franchise LAUNCH! PODCASTS SUBSCRIBE ADVERTISE INC. RADIO BUSINESS TOOLS Send Press Releases Plan for your business Secure Funding Get Published OTHER EDITIONS Inc. ASEAN Inc. Arabia SITEMAP PRIVACY PRESS QUERIES AD CHOICE Search Newsletters Follow Subscribe Today's Must Reads Startup Inc. Events & Offers Inc. Partner Events & Offers Forgot Password? Enter your email to reset your password Or sign up using: New member? Sign up now. Sign in if you're already registered. TECHNOLOGY What Is The Future of Search In 2017 Search is heading in a different direction By Drew Hendricks Drew Hendricks is a tech, social media, and environmental addict. He's written for many major publications, such as Forbes and Entrepreneur. @DrewAHendricks Contributor, Inc.com@DrewAHendricks WRITE A COMMENT CREDIT: Getty Images Advertisement It's a major facet of every marketing plan, and every brand leader wishes they had a crystal ball to tell them its fate. Every consumer, client and professional uses it to educate themselves on their options, discover their peers' findings, and consider alternatives. I'm talking about, of course, online search. Whether you rely solely on Google, or if you tend to stray to alternatives like Bing or even DuckDuckGo, the future of search engines plays a huge part in not only your daily life, but the success of your brand. Because the technology is constantly evolving, any book you read is already outdated; in order to stay on the cutting edge of search engine progress, ensure you continuously update your knowledge by reading articles (such as this one), staying up to date on new algorithms, analyzing your competitors' successes and failures, and consult expert opinions and insights. One such expert is Baruch Labunski, CEO and Founder of Rank Secure, a leading expert in search engine optimization for businesses. Labunski gave us the insight scoop on what search engine habits and trends he expects to become normal in 2017. Consider this guide required reading for any brand that's interested in keeping - or improving - their search engine ranking in the next twelve months: Mobile Friendly Or Bust As of November, Google has started making mobile a priority - with the goal of their new mobile indexing algorithm the primary algorithm by 2018. Given that mobile searches now account for well over half of all search queries, this was a long time coming. The reality is that the era of mobile-friendly websites being a perk or extra is over. Smartphones have now reached saturation in many major markets, including the US, Canada, Japan, Western Europe and China. If you're trying to sell to markets in these major economies, mobile is no longer optional. The Rise Of Digital Assistants Make Her A Little Closer To Reality SEO professionals are currently staring down the barrel of a very long gun - and that gun is held by Alexa, Siri, Cortana and Google's as-yet-unnamed assistant persona. The challenge with the growing popularity of digital assistants is that, as more consumers submit their queries with voice controls, it becomes increasingly important to not just be on the front page, or the top five results, but the first result. Voice searches return only the top result - which means if you aren't it, it doesn't matter if you're the second result or on the second page, the consumer won't hear about you. Hey Neighbor - Have You Conquered Local Search? As Google reduces the clutter on their results page - and alternatives like Bing and DuckDuckGo follow suit, inevitably - the emphasis on local search will become all the more cut throat. By combining the highly specific locational data that's available from consumers searching on mobile, alongside Google's already in-progress goal of customizing results by location for all users, positioning your brand to those who are physically near you will become crucial in 2017. Google is continuously improving their customer experience, and their technology has them approaching the thought patterns of actual users, however, this means that our jobs as brand managers and promoters will continue to become more complicated as time passes. The days of search engine algorithms filtering by obvious data points, or being easily manipulated are over. The new fact of search engine optimization is appealing to your immediate markets - those around you and those who are searching directly for your product. The best way to master local search? Make sure you claim your location on as many review sites - and of course Google Places - as quickly as possible. List your locations on your main website. If you have multiple locations, give them each their own website (which should still be linked to the general brand site) with their address listed. Make it as obvious as possible where you are. 2017 will be the most challenging year yet for online marketers, as technology continues to advance at a breakneck pace. However, if you continue to stay current on updates, research your competitors and test your strategies, you'll make it through. Remember, the core goal of search engines is to find what the user is looking for; make sure that those who are looking for your product can find you, and can easily understand why you're the right option, and your brand will be just fine. The opinions expressed here by Inc.com columnists are their own, not those of Inc.com. Published on: Jan 12, 2017 Advertisement
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search 0 Mail Tech Home Follow Us Reviews How To Deals Video Games Pogue Apple You’ll never have to leave Google Maps again to book a ride on Uber Lulu Chang Digital TrendsJanuary 12, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share Subscribe on YouTube Getting where you need to go has never been easier. A year after Google Maps added a ride services mode to its popular app, it’s making yet another improvement that will make it simpler still for you to hop in a car, bound for your next adventure. On January 12, Google announced the ability for users to book a ride with Uber (or another ride provider) directly from Google Maps. This latest feature is available now on both Android and iOS globally. “With today’s updates, you’ll now see more types of ride options and more actionable information,” Google wrote in a blog post announcement. “When you open ride services mode, instead of a long list of ride service providers and ride options, you’ll see the map you know and love, along with a carousel of ride service providers in your area.” You simply need to tap on your transportation option of choice to view a comprehensive list of ride options, as well as any special offers or promotions they may be peddling. More: Google Maps will now tell you if a location is wheelchair accessible or not And to even further solidify its integration with Uber, Google is testing a new feature that would allow you to book, complete, and pay for an Uber ride, all from within Google Maps. In fact, you wouldn’t even need to have the Uber app installed on your phone in order to use the ridesharing service. Simply sign into an existing Uber account on Google Maps (or create one), and then start booking rides, tracking your driver, and more, all from within the navigation app. “From booking a ride to reserving a table at a local restaurant, booking your favorite fitness class to ordering delivery for a night in, Google Maps no longer just shows you the information you’re looking for,” the blog post concluded. “It also makes it easier to get things done in the real world — all in one place.” Go ahead, have another one! 11 ride-hailing apps to get you home safely You can now order Uber eGift Cards online Trends with Benefits: The Google Project Tango revolution, Uber gets an upgrade Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share What to Read Next 9 tech-friendly gifts for people obsessed with travel Yahoo Tech 2017 Honda Accord Central Iowa Honda DealersSponsored Galaxy S7, S7 Edge Get Android Nougat Update International Business Times Wristband monitors your blood alcohol content while you drink Yahoo Tech Got 50 bucks burning a hole in your pocket? Here’s the best tech to spend it on Digital Trends Marijuana Millionaire #2 MONEY MORNINGSponsored Showdown in the South China Sea: China’s artificial islands explained Digital Trends $40 device doubles the storage of your 32GB iPhone 7 or 7 Plus BGR News
Home Issues Experts Newsletters & Trading Services Login Here are the Companies We Love to Love Posted on January 12, 2017 by Brad Hoppmann In Wednesday’s Afternoon Edition, we looked at some of the companies Americans love to hate. Today, we are turning those frowns of frustration into smiles of love and admiration by looking at the companies we love to love. More specifically, we are looking at the companies that America (and the rest of the world) has said it admires most. This "admired" list is a feature at the Fortune website. It’s been a sort of a go-to guide for taking the pulse of positive corporate attitudes. The Fortune list is compiled by its survey partners at the employment firm Korn Ferry Hay Group. Here’s how it arrives at its top "50 Most Admired Companies" list: Korn Ferry Hay Group asked 4,000 executives, directors, and securities analysts who had responded to the industry surveys to select the 10 companies they admired most. They chose from a list made up of the companies that ranked in the top 25% in last year’s surveys, plus those that finished in the top 20% of their industry. Anyone could vote for any company in any industry. So, who topped the list of the most-admired (or most-loved) companies in 2016? Apple (AAPL) The cult of Apple has always been strong, as the company’s loyal followers tend to buy just about everything the Cupertino giant brings to market. The admiration for the way Apple does business, and for its mission of democratizing technology, has earned it the top spot on the Fortune list. Alphabet (GOOGL) Speaking of love and hate, I do love Google the search product, although I don’t know anyone who doesn’t hate the name "Alphabet." Still, if you need to find something out about the world, Google is the best place to start. That service alone earns Google my love. Amazon.com (AMZN) Need a last-minute gift, groceries, a hygiene product or a book delivered to you in a day (sometimes even the same day)? Then you know where to go … you go to Amazon.com. AMZN is up 8.5% in 2017. Shares gained 1.8% today on news that the company will add 100,000 U.S. jobs over the next 18 months. The online seller of everything is one of the greatest corporate innovations in history. Its revolutionary nature has changed the way we shop forever — which is why so many of us love and admire Amazon. Berkshire Hathaway (BRK-B) The brainchild of investing genius and philanthropist Warren Buffett has a reputation for making money with good, solid investments in things people need, and trends people understand. That’s in part Buffett’s own philosophy, which he couches in a homespun, avuncular way that resonates with so many around the globe. Walt Disney (DIS) We all grew up with Mickey Mouse, Donald Duck, Snow White and Cinderella, so loving Disney is almost ingrained in our DNA. Yet the company continues to put out great, new content via movie franchises like "Star Wars." Add to that the joy of its theme parks, and you get a recipe for love and admiration other companies can only wish upon a star for. Other firms that round out the top 10 admired list include …   Starbucks (SBUX)   Southwest Airlines (LUV)   FedEx (FDX)   Nike (NKE)   General Electric (GE) My Cash Flow Kings newsletter subscribers can attest to the strength of several of these stocks, including Nike and Apple, which are current positions. In Apple, we are tracking open gains of 77.2%! For us, our biggest factor in deciding whether to delve into, or dump, a stock depends on cash flow. Having a strong brand, stellar management team, thriving product pipeline and … yes … happy customers are also big factors when we are deciding what — and when — to buy. And not only do we make timely recommendations in Cash Flow Kings of the stocks we love, we also share a monthly list of stocks to stay far away from. Our customers have told us to keep this information coming. And if getting these kinds of recommendations sounds like something you’d be interested in, click here to join us today. *** Taking a quick look back at yesterday’s list of companies folks "love to hate," we received some pretty passionate feedback. Even from those who "love to love" them! From the "not feeling the love" camp, Joe G. writes … Sears is definitely at the top of the list. Followed by BOA, followed by WFC, followed by Comcast. There is no customer service from any of these companies. They all desire to go out of business! And Bob S. writes … I was astonished at how many customer surveys Comcast operates on their website. Today I was having new service installed. Comcast, it turns out, does a horribly bad job of tracking edits to their customer service website. I was told to click a certain link and then look in the upper-right corner of that page, for the information I needed. I clicked it. There was nothing written in the upper-right corner. So I called customer service. Which takes 30 minutes. We DID eventually resolve the problem. But if a competing means of getting 72 MBPS Internet speeds, were available, I’d use it. Offering up a few names that could also make the "no love" list, Tommr writes … My current list of hated companies includes Century Link and UnitedHealth Group. Customer service is really bad. One can spend literally an hour or more on the phone with their customer service and never accomplish anything! They put you on hold for a long time. Give you the run around and even try to sell you something! I would not do any business with these companies, but I really have no choice! However, two readers are still "lovin’" two of those names we talked about … LH writes … I’m not sure why McDonald’s is on your list. In our city the service is good, the food is consistent (and) prices are reasonable. I love their breakfasts. The rest of the list I agree with, especially Sears and Wells Fargo. Hans writes … Thanks. From a Canadian perspective, I don’t agree with your bashing McDonald’s and Wal-Mart. Please remember not everyone is rich. Here in Montreal you can buy a cheeseburger and small fries for less than 4 Dollars pretty good value for money. Also the Wal-Mart has a good Produce section. Always very fresh and at half the cost of my regular grocer. Brad response: Thank you, everyone. You bring up some great points. Folks in smaller cities or less-urban areas may have limited choices in stores or restaurants to patronize. And even in bigger metropolitan areas, you still don’t get a lot of choices when it comes to your utilities. (And cable/internet is indeed a utility nowadays). The level of service provided certainly can vary by individual, site or even the day. Just like a good stock, they can have their "off" days, just as long as they can consistently deliver the results that customers and shareholders deserve. *** What’s your take on the top names on this list? Do you have your own most admired list? Are you in love with any companies? If so, please share it with me and your fellow Afternoon Edition readers. And, doing so is easy. All you have to do to share your thoughts is leave me a comment on our website or send me an e-mail. *** It was a solid seven-day run for the Nasdaq. Unfortunately, it ended yesterday as markets continued to digest Donald Trump’s Wednesday press conference. The broader markets closed lower, with the Nasdaq sliding 0.3%. • The FTSE 100 continued its winning streak. The London index set another record high as it celebrated a 13th-straight day with gains. • Amazon (AMZN) gained 1.8% after it announced plans to create more than 100,000 full-time jobs in the U.S. with full benefits in the next 18 months. • JPMorgan (JPM) fell 1% despite issuing an optimistic forecast for fourth-quarter earnings, due out tomorrow. JPM’s trading revenue should be up 15%. JPM, like other bank stocks, has been rising under the expectation that many post-crisis financial regulations will be lifted during the new administration. • China forecasts record crude demand: Net imports could rise 5.3% and consumption may hit a record 12 million barrels per day in 2017, according to China National Petroleum Corp. WTI crude surged 1.5% today. • Gold hit a seven-week high: The yellow metal settled at $1,199.80 per troy ounce (+0.3%), after trading as high as $1,207 during Thursday’s session. Good luck and happy investing, Brad Hoppmann Publisher Uncommon Wisdom Daily Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment 
 Name * Email * Website ← Previous Next → Brad Hoppmann Brad Hoppmann originally grew up in Florida, but has lived in Baltimore, Charlotte and New York as well throughout his career. Always an athlete, he played varsity football and water polo at the University of Florida and received All-SEC/SCC honors. → Recently by Brad Hoppmann 14 Jan 5 Proven Health Benefits of CBD Oil 13 Jan Is Trump Making CEO Bank Accounts Great Again? 12 Jan Here are the Companies We Love to Love 11 Jan Here are the Companies We Love to Hate Weiss Research Contact Us Uncommon Wisdom Daily 4400 Northcorp Parkway Palm Beach Gardens, FL 33410 Copyright © 2017 Uncommon Wisdom Daily | Contact | Privacy | Terms | Advertising
Back Join Now Log In Fitness Workouts Workout Videos Workout Tips Training Cardio Workout Music Workout Trends Workout Clothes Workout Gear Healthy Eating Healthy Recipes Meal Ideas Healthy Drinks Diet Tips & Nutrition Healthy Cooking Cooking Videos Weight Loss Tips & Plans Weight Management Weight Loss Foods Success Stories Weight Loss Videos Lifestyle Beauty Sex & Love Mind & Body Fit Getaways Fashion Bride Celebrities Interviews Celebrity Photos Celebrity News Celebrity Workouts Star Trainers Celebrity Videos Videos Shop Sweepstakes #LoveMyShape Shape Activewear Shape Magazine just $5.99!Join Now Search form Search Shape Magazine You are here Fitness / Workout Tips How to Use Your New Google Home or Alexa Device to Stick to Your Resolutions Make the most out of your fancy new voice-activated speaker—beyond just checking the weather. By Kylie Gilbert | Jan 12, 2017 Topics:  resolutions, healthy tech If you received one of Amazon's Alexa-enabled devices like the Echo or Echo Dot, or the new Google Home for the holidays, you may be wondering how to get the most out of your fancy new voice-activated speaker—besides setting alarms, asking for the time, or checking the weather. (All simple yet game-changing functions, by the way, especially when you want to know how much you need to bundle up for that outdoor run!) Here, all the ways you can use your cool new device to reach your health, fitness, or mindfulness resolutions. Fitness For Alexa: Take a guided 7-minute workout. Just say "start 7-Minute Workout," and you'll be guided through the famous metabolism-boosting, fat-burning routine. You can also take breaks as you need them, and let Alexa know when you're ready to begin the next exercise. Check in on your Fitbit stats. If you own a Fitbit but forget to check your stats in the app, Alexa lets you easily check in on your progress and stay motivated. Ask Alexa for an update on the info you care most about, including whether you reached your sleep or step goals. Order workout gear from Amazon Prime. Need a new foam roller or some dumbbells to crush our January #PersonalBest workout? Alexa will give you recommendations of what to buy, how much it costs, and then (if you have Amazon Prime) you can have Alexa place the order for you. (Although, if your resolution is to save money in 2017, use this function wisely!) For Google Home: Plan your walk or bike route. While you can ask Google for traffic info for driving, if you're trying to be more active this year, you can also use the device's integration with Maps to find out how long it will take you to bike to brunch or walk to work (or any other destination you ask Google for!). Ask what workouts are on your calendar. If you use Google Cal (we highly recommend the newly updated "Goals" function to stay on top of your training plan or other fitness-related resolutions), you can simply ask Google what's on your calendar and it will give you a rundown of your day, including the weather and any appointments or workouts you have coming up. (With any luck, you'll never forget about a 7 a.m. spin class again!) If you have an Amazon device, you can get the same benefits by linking your Google account in the Alexa app. For both: Fire up your workout playlist. If you have Spotify premium and want to access your workout playlist (here, our Spotify playlist to crush your workout goals), all you have to do is say "OK Google, play my HIIT playlist" to make at-home workouts a breeze. (It's also compatible with YouTube music, Pandora, and Google Play Music) Same goes for your Alexa device, which supports streaming services including Amazon Music, Prime Music, Spotify Premium, Pandora, and iHeart Radio. Nutrition For Alexa: Receive step-by-step recipe instructions from Allrecipes. If your goal is to order less takeout and spend more time in the kitchen, this feature is a lifesaver. Thanks to a partnership with Allrecipes.com, you can access 60,000 recipes and basically have your own assistant (minus help with the chopping). After opening up the Allrecipes "skill" (Amazon's term for the third-party Alexa-compatible apps) say, "Alexa, find me a quick and easy chicken recipe." Or if you're not sure what you want to make, get meal inspo by asking for recipe ideas based on what foods you have in your refrigerator. From there, you can get ingredient measurements and cooking instructions without ever having to touch your phone or open a cookbook. Add food to your shopping list. Did you just run out of spinach for your morning smoothie? Just tell Alexa to add anything you want to your shopping list. Then buy them later through Amazon Fresh. Track your meals and calories. Whether you're actually tracking your calories to lose weight, or just want to access nutritional data, the Nutrionix Alexa skill can instantly give you accurate stats through their giant database that contains nearly 500,000 grocery items and over 100,000 restaurant items. For Google Home: Get nutrition stats on any food or ingredient. If you're staring into your fridge or pantry unsure of the best post-workout snack, you can ask Google for calorie or nutritional info (like how much much sugar or protein is in your Greek yogurt) so you can make the healthiest decisions based on your goals. Get measurement unit conversions. No need to get your phone messy when trying to figure out how many ounces are in a cup mid-recipe. Google can answer these questions and—as with Alexa—lets you set a timer (or multiple timers, if needed) quickly and painlessly. Mental Health For Alexa: Receive a guided meditation for sleep. If you're trying to wean yourself off of screens before bed to improve your sleep, fire up the Thrive Global for Alexa skill for an eight-minute meditation that will help you drift off to sleep quickly and sleep soundly without pesky blue light from your phone. (And check out our 20-minute guided meditation for beginners.) Receive daily affirmations. Whether you're feeling down and in need of some positive vibes, or just want to be more mindful on a daily basis, the Walking Affirmations skill will help you out with an uplifting, inspiring thought. Just ask Alexa for your affirmation, then receive positive nuggets like, "I am at peace." Get instant stress relief. When you're feeling anxious or overwhelmed, use the Stop, Breathe & Think skill for a quick meditation that's between three and 10 minutes long to help you reset and beat stress. (We also suggest: How to Calm Down When You're About to Freak Out)   Search Shape Shop resistance bands medicine balls balance boards rowing machines strength training jump ropes cardio machines stability balls pull up bars exercise equipment treadmills exercise bikes steppers dumbbells foam rollers kettlebells exercise mats Shop More Your Account Help Newsletter Customer Service Log In Join Now! Update Your Account Logout Shape.com Fitness Healthy Eating Weight Loss Lifestyle Celebrities Videos Sweepstakes Shape Magazine Subscribe Digital Editions Gift Subscriptions Renew Subscriptions Customer Service Advertise with Us Affiliate Program Meredith Beauty Fitness Magazine Shape Martha Stewart Weddings Mywedding Divine Caroline More Siempre Mujer © Copyright 2017, Meredith Corporation. All Rights Reserved  | Privacy Policy  | Data Policy  | Terms of Service |  AdChoices
Most Popular News News Latest Headlines Opinion California News Environment & Science Nation & World Education Crime & Courts Health Politics Transportation Traffic Map Weather Local Bay Area San Jose Santa Clara County Peninsula San Mateo County Alameda County Santa Cruz County Sports Sports San Francisco 49ers San Francisco Giants Golden State Warriors Oakland Raiders Oakland Athletics San Jose Sharks San Jose Earthquakes College Sports High School Sports High School Scores Sports Scoreboard Sports Columnists Sports Blogs Business Business Technology Personal Technology Economy Startups Real Estate SiliconValley.com SiliconBeat Entertainment Entertainment Lifestyle Celebrities Television Movies Music Theater & Arts Event Listings Movie Listings Comics Horoscopes Puzzles and Games Obituaries Obituaries Local Obituaries Place an Obituary The Cannifornian The Mercury News Weather Today’s E Edition Subscribe Newsletter Most Popular News News Latest Headlines Opinion California News Environment & Science Nation & World Education Crime & Courts Health Politics Transportation Traffic Map Weather Local Bay Area San Jose Santa Clara County Peninsula San Mateo County Alameda County Santa Cruz County Sports Sports San Francisco 49ers San Francisco Giants Golden State Warriors Oakland Raiders Oakland Athletics San Jose Sharks San Jose Earthquakes College Sports High School Sports High School Scores Sports Scoreboard Sports Columnists Sports Blogs Business Business Technology Personal Technology Economy Startups Real Estate SiliconValley.com SiliconBeat Entertainment Entertainment Lifestyle Celebrities Television Movies Music Theater & Arts Event Listings Movie Listings Comics Horoscopes Puzzles and Games Obituaries Obituaries Local Obituaries Place an Obituary The Cannifornian Is California’s drought really over? Share this: Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Trending: Wrestler ‘Superfly’ Snuka dead Most-wanted arrest Band’s free-speech fight More rain next week Bay Area inauguration events Tax tips News California News Is California’s long drought finally coming to an end? Share this: Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) In this photo provided by Northstar California, a Ski Patrol member heads out to check mountain safety for guests and employees after the Northstar California resort received 96 inches of snow from the latest round of storms Thursday, Jan. 12, 2017, in Truckee, Calif. The massive rain and snowfall that prompted a rare blizzard warning in parts of the Sierra was helping much of Northern California recover from a six-year drought. The series of storms has also added 39 billion gallons of water to Lake Tahoe since Jan. 1. (Northstar California via AP) In this photo provided by Northstar California, groomers prepare the Big Easy chairlift for guests to enjoy the 96 inches of new snow from the latest round of storms Thursday, Jan. 12, 2017, at the Northstar California resort in Truckee, Calif. The massive rain and snowfall that prompted a rare blizzard warning in parts of the Sierra was helping much of Northern California recover from a six-year drought. The series of storms has also added 39 billion gallons of water to Lake Tahoe since Jan. 1. (Northstar California via AP) As the Los Gatos Creek flood waters recede, Jennifer Liebthal, of Los Gatos, takes photos of the creek and flooded bike trail Thursday, Jan. 12, 2017, in Los Gatos, Calif. (Jim Gensheimer/Bay Area News Group) Workers examine a small mudslide on the Los Vaqueros Reservoir dam in Livermore, Calif., on Wednesday, Jan. 11, 2017. (Doug Duran/Bay Area News Group) As the Los Gatos Creek flood waters recede, hikers stop to take photos of the creek and flooded bike trail Thursday, Jan. 12, 2017, in Los Gatos, Calif. (Jim Gensheimer/Bay Area News Group) Resident looks down at the Guadalupe River on St. John Street, which is rising due to storm in San Jose, Calif., on Tuesday, January 10, 2017. (Josie Lepe/Bay Area News Group) City employees were out with hoses, shovels and brooms cleaning the mud and debris off the sidewalks on Main Street in Martinez, Calif., on Wednesday, Jan. 11, 2017. Downtown Martinez was under about a foot of water and mud Tuesday night as the storm came through.(Laura A. Oda/Bay Area News Group) Flood water surrounds green houses along Lovers Lane in Hollister, Calif., on Wednesday, Jan. 11, 2017. Nearby Pacheco Creek overflowed flooding 50 homes. (Gary Reyes/Bay Area News Group) Water tumbles down a spillway as onlookers take photos at Anderson Reservoir in Morgan Hill, Calif., Wednesday, Jan. 11, 2017. The area is experiencing good levels of winter rainfall which is increasing the water in local reservoirs. (Patrick Tehan/Bay Area News Group) Kids and their parents walk to Lincoln Elementary School as a steady sprinkle and brisk winds causes some street flooding and up-turned umbrellas along Jackson Street in downtown Oakland, Calif., on Tuesday, Jan. 10, 2017. (Laura A. Oda/Bay Area News Group) Homes line River Road above the swollen Russian River as it crests above flood stage Monday, Jan. 9, 2017, west of Guerneville, Calif. (Karl Mondon/Bay Area News Group) A Pink Panther sculpture sticks his head above the flood waters at the Pee Wee Golf and Arcade, Monday, Jan. 9, 2017, in Guerneville, Calif., after the Russian River crested well above flood stage. (Karl Mondon/Bay Area News Group) Spectators wander down the Guadalupe River Trail to watch the swollen river as it flows toward the Coleman Avenue overpass during a storm on Sunday, Jan. 8, 2017, in San Jose, Calif. (Karl Mondon/Bay Area News Group) Fast moving water comes down a hill on Highland Way in the Santa Cruz Mountains, Calif., on Sunday, January 8, 2017. (Josie Lepe/Bay Area News Group) The Lexington Reservoir water level reached capacity and began to spill over for the first time in recent memory in Los Gatos, Calif., on Tuesday, Jan. 10, 2017. (Dan Honda/Bay Area News Group) A river of water flows off of Phoenix Lake on January 12, 2017 in Greenbrae, California. According to the U.S. Drought Monitor, 40 percent of California is no longer in drought following a series of wet winter storms that dumped over 20 inches of rain and 12 feet of snow in the northern part of the State. 60 percent of California still remains in drought. Marin County reservoirs are currently at 100 percent of capacity. (Photo by Justin Sullivan/Getty Images) Water pours down a spillway out of Nicasio Reservoir on January 12, 2017 in Nicasio, California. According to the U.S. Drought Monitor, 40 percent of California is no longer in drought following a series of wet winter storms that dumped over 20 inches of rain and 12 feet of snow in the northern part of the State. 60 percent of California still remains in drought. Marin County reservoirs are currently at 100 percent of capacity. (Photo by Justin Sullivan/Getty Images) Oakland Technical High School crew team members Claire Londgren, right, and Amelia Moore, pull a boat trailer at the Jack London Aquatic Center in Oakland, Calif., on Monday, Jan. 9, 2017. (Jane Tyska/Bay Area News Group) A driver negotiates standing water along the Embarcadero near 5th Avenue in Oakland, Calif., on Tuesday, Jan. 10, 2017. (Anda Chu/Bay Area News Group) Ducks wade in water that covers the Los Gatos Creek Trail in Los Gatos, Calif., on Tuesday, Jan. 10, 2017. (Nhat V. Meyer/Bay Area News Group) A Paul Bunyan statue keeps its feet dry above the flooded campground at River Bend campground Monday, Jan. 9, 2017, near Forestville, Calif., where the Russian River crested well above flood stage. (Karl Mondon/Bay Area News Group) Show Caption of Expand By Patrick May | pmay@bayareanewsgroup.com | Mercury News, Bay Area News Group PUBLISHED: January 12, 2017 at 2:14 pm | UPDATED: January 13, 2017 at 6:21 am Go ahead. Google “California” and see what that auto-fill brings you. You guessed it . . . “California drought.” After five long years of Google searches, parched throats, yellowed lawns and having to listen to an endless mantra of water-conservation warnings from every branch of government imaginable, we are now finally out of drought land. Kinda, sorta, but not really.   Yes, the 20 inches of rain and 10 foot of snow we’ve received since the new year began helped put us back into the black, meteorologically speaking. As the National Weather Service’s office in Reno tweeted, “Bye bye drought … Don’t let the door hit you on the way out.” But hold on. It turns out we are only partially drought-free. According to the U.S. Drought Monitor, nearly 60 percent of the state (think LA and the Central Valley) remains in that dire state. And while that other 40-percent drought-free swath is certainly welcome, considering drought covered 97 percent of the state early 2013, we are, in fact, still there. To be sure, good signs abound. Since the fall, total precipitation in the Sierra Nevada has been on a real roll, climbing to rates that rival some of the wettest winters on the books. Parched reservoirs have recently gotten a 350-billion-gallon boost thanks to our winter storm of 2017. Lake Shasta, which is the mother of all California reservoirs, now has so much water — at 81 percent of capacity and climbing — that managers are obliged to release some of the water to make room for the other water they’re expecting in the future. And the reservoir in Oroville, which provides water to the State Water Project, is almost three-quarters full. But about that “drought’s over” thing? Merriam-Webster defines drought as “a period of dryness especially when prolonged; specifically one that causes extensive damage to crops or prevents their successful growth” Reading this on your iPhone or iPad? Check out our new Apple News app channel here and click the + at the top of the page to save to your Apple News favorites. Yup,  much of the state is still there. Or, as Northern California is thinking right now about Southern California: Why can’t you get your act together and get out of drought like we have?’ Related Articles 42 percent of California is now out of drought California drought time-lapse, updated with January storms Fire and rain: California drought eased, but it’s not over Drought opinions are all over the map, nuanced at times, contradictory at other times, and always fun to listen to as the water experts talk circles around the subject. Just listen to what they’ve been telling reporters this week: Deven Upadhyay with the Metropolitan Water District of Southern California: “We can’t say that we’re no longer feeling the impacts of the drought. Later this year, we may be able to say that we’ve really turned the tide and the drought’s over.  But we’re not there yet.” Michael Anderson, a climatologist with the California Department of Water Resource: “We’re getting better in places, but not in others. We’ve got a mixed bag of conditions going on right now.” Jay Lund, director of the Center for Watershed Sciences at the University of California at Davis: “It’s hard to say we have a drought here right now.” Steve Anderson, a meteorologist at the National Weather Service office in Monterey: “Everything is on the way down.” Maury Roos, the state hydrologist with the Department of Water Resources: “The situation in the north is good. We’re very blessed with these storms and the water they have added. But there are still a lot of water problems in the south, and the southern end of the Central Valley.” David Miskus, a senior meteorologist at the U.S. Climate Prediction Center: “Overall, a very good picture in California.” And Mark Finan, chief meteorologist for KCRA in Sacramento: “There is no way this could be considered a drought year. But then you get into politics and you get into other agencies — who knows what sort of criteria they might be using. But meteorologically, there is no way we can say we are in a drought.” Had enough? OK, one last thing. Apparently Gov. Jerry Brown will get the final word on when the drought is really, truly, cross-your-heart-and-hope-to-die over. California will remain in a drought emergency until Brown lifts or tweaks the formal declaration he issued several years ago. And officials said this week that the governor will likely hold off on doing anything until he’s got the final numbers from the state’s winter snow and rain season — meaning probably not for a couple more months. Tags:  Bay Area Storm California Drought Weather Patrick May Patrick May is an award-winning writer for the Bay Area News Group working with the business desk as a general assignment reporter. Over his 34 years in daily newspapers, he has traveled overseas and around the nation, covering wars and natural disasters, writing both breaking news stories and human-interest features. He has won numerous national and regional writing awards during his years as a reporter, 17 of them spent at the Miami Herald. In 1993, Pat shared with his colleagues a Pulitzer Prize for Public Service for the Herald staff's coverage of Hurricane Andrew and its aftermath. Follow Patrick May @patmaymerc Subscribe Today! All Access Digital offer for just 99 cents! blog comments powered by Disqus Sign up for our newsletters! Subscribe Follow Us Facebook Twitter Instagram RSS Most Popular A failing marriage: 49ers and Santa Clara Bay Area storms will make for a spectacular spring San Jose: Retired firefighters who owe tens of thousands speak out Before and after photos: See how rains filled California reservoirs Kawakami: Stephen Curry sees no reason to leave the Warriors this summer Ask Amy: Should handicap permit still be used by widow? Exclusive: Stephen Curry talks LeBron, Durant and more with Tim Kawakami Outgoing CIA chief rips into Trump on Russia threat More in California News Sunnyvale: Irvine Company has submitted plans to build 1,076 housing units at AMD headquarters January 15, 2017, 11:00 am The Irvine Company has submitted a plan to the city of Sunnyvale to bring 1,076 housing units to the Advanced Micro Devices campus on Duane Avenue. The move will end the chip company’s 47-year run in Sunnyvale, as AMD is moving to Santa Clara. According to the project application submitted to the city, the plan for the 34-acre site at 1090... Bay Area Trump supporters head to inauguration to welcome president-elect January 15, 2017, 3:11 pm Dozens of his supporters are packing their bags and making last-minute arrangements before jetting off to Washington, D.C. to attend President-elect Donald Trump’s inauguration Friday. As Trump supporters they form part of a rare minority — an estimated 300,000 Bay Area residents voted for Trump — a small and often overlooked group in a largely liberal region that very publicly... San Jose’s mariachi festival turns 25 years old January 15, 2017, 4:19 pm The 25th edition of the San Jose Mariachi and Folklorico Festival filled the Mexican Heritage Plaza in East San Jose this weekend. Bay Area storms will make for a spectacular spring January 15, 2017, 2:09 pm Bay Area park managers say the big storms will help park environments, fish and wildlife, particularly when spring arrives. Member Services News Alerts Facebook Twitter Instagram RSS Subscribe Manage Your Subscription All Access Subscriptions Today’s e-Edition Newsletter Sign-Up Mobile Apps Contact Us Corrections Reprints Archive Search Lottery Classifieds Autos Jobs Real Estate Place an Obituary Place a Legal Ad Advertise With Us Today’s Ads Weekly Ads Local Guide Fry’s Ad Public Notices © 2017 Digital First Media Site Map Copyright Privacy Policy Arbitration Powered by WordPress.com VIP Bay Area News Group Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Sections SEO SEM Mobile Local Retail Google Bing Social Home Submit Follow Us Follow SEO SEM Mobile Local Retail Google Bing Social More Submit Follow SUBSCRIBE Subscribe Search Engine Land Pop-up Problems? Google has rolled out the mobile intrusive interstitials penalty Mobile ads Google to launch automated call extensions on Feb. 6 Subscribe to SearchCap SUBSCRIBE SEO SEM Mobile Local Retail Google Bing Social Home SEO Everything you need to know about SEO, delivered every Thursday. SUBSCRIBE Fetch and Horror: 3 examples of how fetch and render in GSC can reveal big SEO problems Columnist Glenn Gabe demonstrates why discovering how Googlebot sees your desktop and mobile content is essential to any good SEO audit. Glenn Gabe on January 12, 2017 at 12:00 pm More In May 2014, some powerful functionality debuted in the “fetch as Google” feature in Google Search Console — the ability to fetch and render. When you ask Google to fetch and render, its crawler will fetch all necessary resources so it can accurately render a page, including images, CSS and JavaScript. Google then provides a preview snapshot of what Googlebot sees versus what a typical user sees. That’s important to know, since sites could be inadvertently blocking resources, which could impact how much content gets rendered. Adding fetch and render was a big deal, since it helps reveal issues with how content is being indexed. With this functionality, webmasters can make sure Googlebot is able to fetch all necessary resources for an accurate render. With many webmasters disallowing important directories and files via robots.txt, it’s possible that Googlebot could be seeing a limited view of the page — yet the webmaster wouldn’t even know without fetch and render. As former Googler Pierre Far said at the time, “By blocking crawling of CSS and JS, you’re actively harming the indexing of your pages.” Therefore, a technical audit isn’t a technical audit if it doesn’t include testing pages using fetch and render. Using the tool in Google Search Console (GSC), you can test both Google’s desktop and smartphone crawlers to see how Googlebot is rendering each page on your site. I’ll cover more about the mobile situation later in this post, but for now, I’ll focus on what can happen when you block resources. After checking your own pages, you might just look like this: Credit: Giphy Let’s take a closer look at three examples I’ve come across during my SEO travels. Example 1: Whiteout conditions There are situations when fetch and render can reveal some minor render issues, and then there are situations I call an “SEO whiteout.” That’s where little or no content is being rendered by Googlebot. It’s a sinister situation, since typical users see a page with normal content. But Googlebot isn’t seeing much (or any) of it. So unless you are specifically looking to check what Googlebot can see, you can easily be tricked into thinking everything is fine. But it’s not. The screen shot below is from a technical audit I performed for a larger brand. There was literally no content being rendered on certain category pages. Initially disbelieving the result, I had to check this several times — it was literally an SEO whiteout. It turns out that all of the images, CSS and JavaScript were being blocked by robots.txt, so the render was completely breaking — and the content was not being rendered on the page. How well do you think these pages were ranking? Example 2: Big migration, half the content The next example was from a large-scale CMS migration. With any large migration, there are gremlins that can cause big problems. (That’s why I wrote a post about Murphy’s Law for CMS Migrations.) It’s not uncommon for several gremlins to surface after pulling the trigger on a large-scale migration. And once they surface, you can end up trying to put out many fires (like this): Credit: Giphy I worked on a large-scale CMS migration recently where I noticed something strange when crawling the site as Googlebot for Smartphones. The content didn’t seem to match up well, so I headed over to GSC to use fetch and render to check out what was going on. It took just a few seconds to surface a big problem. It turns out code was being blocked by robots.txt, so the site was mistakenly chopping off a chunk of important content for mobile users. The desktop render wasn’t great, but the mobile render was even worse. Note: I’ll cover more about the impact of the impending mobile-first index soon, but needless to say, having a poor mobile render isn’t a good thing (as Google will be using the mobile content, rather than the desktop content, for ranking purposes). This problem could have sat for a long time, since most business owners and webmasters check the desktop pages during audits, and not the mobile pages. Here’s what the render looked like. No design, and chunks of main content missing: The fix was relatively easy and was implemented later that same day. The render problem was only in production for a short period of time before the company fixed the issue. Example 3: Forbidden The last example I’ll provide is an interesting one. The site I was auditing contains URLs that pull resources from other subdomains. But Googlebot was receiving 403 response codes when trying to fetch those resources (Forbidden: Access Denied). The render for typical visitors was fine, but the Googlebot view had major gaps in content and 403 error messages showing up in the render. I immediately sent the findings through to my client, and that was passed along to the dev team. If the company wanted that additional content crawled and indexed, then it’s important to make sure that Googlebot can fetch those resources (and doesn’t run into 403 errors when trying to do so). It’s just another example of the power of fetch and render. Avoid SEO insanity: Screaming Frog now renders like Googlebot OK, so now you have a feel for what can happen when Googlebot runs into problems when trying to accurately render your pages. But what about checking hundreds, thousands, or tens of thousands of pages? It would be crazy to manually check each page in GSC using fetch and render, right? I totally agree, and it could lead to mild insanity. Add in the ridiculously annoying “I’m not a robot” captcha after just a few fetches in GSC, and you might start banging your head against your monitor. Well, the folks at Screaming Frog heard your head-banging and just added some killer functionality to an already outstanding crawling tool. Screaming Frog 7 now contains fetch and render functionality. That means you can crawl a site and view renders at scale. By the way, I’ve been looking for that option for a long time… a really long time. So it’s awesome that the crew at Screaming Frog decided to add it. I’m not going to cover the step-by-step process, since that’s not the focus of my post; Screaming Frog recently published a post covering how to do this, so I’ll just point you there. I was part of the beta testing of fetch and render in Screaming Frog, and I have used it extensively since late fall. It’s awesome, and you can use it in staging, on a local server, on your production site and so on. A note about Google’s mobile-first index: Use fetch and render to audit your mobile pages I mentioned the mobile impact earlier, and it’s critically important that webmasters understand what’s coming with Google’s mobile-first index, which Google is actively testing now. (I covered this in my last column.) Quickly breaking it down, Google is pulling a 180 for search and will begin using the mobile page as the canonical URL. That means the mobile page will be used to determine ranking (for both desktop and mobile SERPs). Therefore, I would make sure your mobile pages contain all of the content that your desktop pages contain, including any structured data being used. Up to now, the desktop page has been used for ranking purposes (for both desktop and mobile). As we approach full rollout (possibly in Q2 of this year), you should absolutely use fetch and render using Googlebot’s smartphone crawler to see if your content is being rendered properly. As my second example above demonstrated, that’s not always the case. And if problems remain in place, then your rankings will be based on less content (or no content), depending on how bad the render situation is. So use both Google’s fetch and render functionality and Screaming Frog’s render functionality to check all of your pages. You still have time to fix any problems, so test this NOW. Summary: Turn ‘fetch and horror’ into ‘fetch and happiness’ In my opinion, fetch and render is one of the most powerful features in Google Search Console (GSC). With just a few clicks, you can see how Googlebot is rendering your content across both desktop and mobile. And that can shine a light on potential problems, especially in areas that might not be easy to check on a regular basis. In addition, Screaming Frog 7 can check renders at scale. Between these two tools, you can identify and knock out render problems quickly. I recommend doing that before Google fully rolls out its mobile-first index. Now go render some pages and make sure those snapshots look good! Some opinions expressed in this article may be those of a guest author and not necessarily Search Engine Land. Staff authors are listed here. About The Author Glenn Gabe Glenn Gabe, president of G-Squared Interactive, is a digital marketing veteran with over 20 years of experience. Glenn currently helps clients maximize their online marketing efforts via Search Engine Optimization (SEO), Search Engine Marketing (SEM), Social Advertising, Social Media Marketing, and Web Analytics. During the past 20 years, Glenn has assisted clients across a wide range of industries including consumer packaged goods (CPG), e-commerce retailers, startups, pharmaceuticals, healthcare, military, education, non-profits, online auctions, real estate, and publishing. Sponsored We're listening. Have something to say about this article? Share it with us on Facebook, Twitter or our LinkedIn Group. Attend Our Conferences March 21-23, 2017: SMX West June 2017: SMX Advanced October 24-26, 2017: SMX East × Attend SMX - Click Here Learn More About Our SMX Events Gain new strategies and insights at the intersection of marketing, technology, and management. Our next conference will be held: May 9-11, 2017: MarTech San Francisco October 2-4, 2017: MarTech Boston × Attend MarTech - Click Here Learn More About Our MarTech Events Take the MarTech Quiz Think you know martech? Find out by taking this 3-minute quiz. See how you score and share it with friends! Let's Get Started White Papers Benchmark Report: 2017 State of Customer Marketing How SEO + UX Can Thrive Together Social Media ROI Template How an Insight Community Creates More Effective Brand Marketing How to Keep Your Customers From Cheating on You See More Whitepapers Webcasts 5 Disruptions Reshaping Marketing As We Know It Integrated Marketing Analytics: Creating a single source of data truth Video Marketing 2017: What You Need to Know See More Webcasts Research Reports Content Marketing Tools B2B Predictive Marketing Analytics Platforms Social Media Management Software Call Analytics Platforms Paid Media Campaign Management Platforms B2B Marketing Automation Platforms See More Research The Periodic Table of Seo Success Sign up for our daily newsletter. SUBSCRIBE Follow Us © 2017 Third Door Media, Inc. All rights reserved.
Sections SEO SEM Mobile Local Retail Google Bing Social Home Submit Follow Us Follow SEO SEM Mobile Local Retail Google Bing Social More Submit Follow SUBSCRIBE Subscribe Search Engine Land Pop-up Problems? Google has rolled out the mobile intrusive interstitials penalty Mobile ads Google to launch automated call extensions on Feb. 6 Subscribe to SearchCap SUBSCRIBE SEO SEM Mobile Local Retail Google Bing Social Home Industry Get the best search news, tips and resources, delivered each day. SUBSCRIBE SearchCap: Google link command, mobile-first index & SEO problems Barry Schwartz on January 12, 2017 at 4:05 pm More Below is what happened in search today, as reported on Search Engine Land and from other places across the web. From Search Engine Land: Google has officially killed off their link command Jan 12, 2017 by Barry Schwartz Google tells webmasters and SEOs to stop using the link command, that it is officially dead and not functioning properly. Fetch and Horror: 3 examples of how fetch and render in GSC can reveal big SEO problems Jan 12, 2017 by Glenn Gabe Columnist Glenn Gabe demonstrates why discovering how Googlebot sees your desktop and mobile content is essential to any good SEO audit. A simple checklist to prep for the Google mobile-first index Jan 12, 2017 by Bryson Meunier Columnist Bryson Meunier believes that for savvy marketers, the rollout of Google’s mobile-first index will represent an opportunity — not a threat. Recent Headlines From Marketing Land, Our Sister Site Dedicated To Internet Marketing: Marketing budget increases: Tips for wielding a double-edged sword for 2017 Ad copy hack for your AdWords pathways Super Bowl LI advertisers: Here are the brands gearing up for game day Intel’s Super Bowl LI ad turns NFL MVP Tom Brady’s daily routines into epic experiences [Podcast] Marketing Land Live #40: Who’s using cinemagraphs and how with Flixel’s Robert Lendvai In the age of intelligent agents, how does marketing work? Dun & Bradstreet buys Avention so its data can become real-time triggers Conversable launched the first Twitter-based automated conference guide at CES Amazon Canada ordered to pay $1M fine for deceptive price listings 5 big things marketers actually have to start doing in 2017 Mobile marketing predictions for 2017 from 11 industry veterans Facebook Journalism Project aims to build stronger ties with news publishers Can you prove social media is working? Search News From Around The Web: Industry Google in Talks to Sell Its Satellite Business, Wall Street Journal January 2017 Google Webmaster Report: Algorithm Update, Mobile Interstitials & Mobile-First Index, Search Engine Roundtable The Google Brain team — Looking Back on 2016, Research Blog Local & Maps Bing Places Testing New Local Listing Redesign; Adds Popular Times, thesempost.com Google Testing Website Builder Within Google My Business, Mike Blumenthal MozCon Local 2017’s Full Agenda, Moz New year, new look: ride services mode gets an update, blog.google The simple and creepy reason Google Maps knows when there’s traffic, BGR Link Building KPIs for linkbuilding, Branded3 Searching Saving you bandwidth on Google+ through machine learning, blog.google SearchResearch Challenge (1/11/17): Finding immersive experiences, SearchReSearch Google Play Music’s “Ones to Watch” Artists in 2017, blog.google SEO Best SEO Practices to Dominate In 2017, semrush.com Google: Dirty URLs In Sitemaps Don’t Hurt Your Sitemap File, Search Engine Roundtable Google’s Mobile Popup Algorithm Launches – First Examples of Negative Impact, gsqi.com International SEO: It’s Not About YOU, Search Engine Journal Moz Updates Their 302 SEO Help Documentation Based On Google Feedback, Search Engine Roundtable The Pressure from Google to Be “Mobile First” by Kim Krause Berg, creativevisionwebconsulting.com SEM / Paid Search 8 Steps to Open a Baidu PPC Account, KoMarketing Apple Search Ads: What You Need To Know To Improve Performance, PPC Hero The New World Of PPC Targeting, PPC Hero Search Marketing How to start your keyword research: a case study, Yoast About The Author Barry Schwartz Barry Schwartz is Search Engine Land's News Editor and owns RustyBrick, a NY based web consulting firm. He also runs Search Engine Roundtable, a popular search blog on very advanced SEM topics. Barry can be followed on social media at @rustybrick, +BarrySchwartz and Facebook. For more background information on Barry, see his full bio and disclosures, click over here. Sponsored We're listening. Have something to say about this article? Share it with us on Facebook, Twitter or our LinkedIn Group. Attend Our Conferences March 21-23, 2017: SMX West June 2017: SMX Advanced October 24-26, 2017: SMX East × Attend SMX - Click Here Learn More About Our SMX Events Gain new strategies and insights at the intersection of marketing, technology, and management. Our next conference will be held: May 9-11, 2017: MarTech San Francisco October 2-4, 2017: MarTech Boston × Attend MarTech - Click Here Learn More About Our MarTech Events Take the MarTech Quiz Think you know martech? Find out by taking this 3-minute quiz. See how you score and share it with friends! Let's Get Started White Papers Benchmark Report: 2017 State of Customer Marketing How SEO + UX Can Thrive Together Social Media ROI Template How an Insight Community Creates More Effective Brand Marketing How to Keep Your Customers From Cheating on You See More Whitepapers Webcasts 5 Disruptions Reshaping Marketing As We Know It Integrated Marketing Analytics: Creating a single source of data truth Video Marketing 2017: What You Need to Know See More Webcasts Research Reports Content Marketing Tools B2B Predictive Marketing Analytics Platforms Social Media Management Software Call Analytics Platforms Paid Media Campaign Management Platforms B2B Marketing Automation Platforms See More Research The Periodic Table of Seo Success Sign up for our daily newsletter. SUBSCRIBE Follow Us © 2017 Third Door Media, Inc. All rights reserved.
make-use-of-logo logo-background menu search search-start close email bookmark facebook google twitter pinterest stumbleupon whatsapp amazon youtube youtube label-rectangle triangle-long down mobile-icon PC & Mobile Windows Mac Linux Android iPhone and iPad Internet Security Technology News Lifestyle Entertainment Productivity Creative Gaming Browsers Social Media Finance Self Improvement Hardware Technology Explained Buying Guides Smart Home DIY Product Reviews Deals Giveaways Top Lists About About MakeUseOf Newsletter Advertise Privacy Jobs Chats Search for: Search Popular Topics The Internet Windows iPhone and iPad Android Mac Gaming MakeUseOf The Newest Linux Operating Systems and Who Should Try Them Linux The Newest Linux Operating Systems and Who Should Try Them Moe Long These Secret Google Pixel Features Will Convince You to Buy It Android These Secret Google Pixel Features Will Convince You to Buy It Kannon Yamada Top Deals Search Open Menu Close Menu PC & Mobile Windows Mac Linux Android iPhone and iPad Internet Security Technology News Lifestyle Entertainment Productivity Creative Gaming Browsers Social Media Finance Self Improvement Hardware Technology Explained Buying Guides Smart Home DIY Product Reviews Deals Giveaways Top Lists About About MakeUseOf Newsletter Advertise Privacy Jobs Chats Facebook Facebook Facebook Facebook Search for: You Can Now Hail an Uber Through Google Maps Android You Can Now Hail an Uber Through Google Maps Dave Parrack January 12, 2017 12-01-2017 1 minute You Can Now Hail an Uber Through Google Maps Facebook Twitter Pinterest MobileAppPage Stumbleupon Whatsapp Email Whether you love them or loathe them, ridesharing services are here to stay What Is Uber and Why Is It Threatening Traditional Taxi Services? What Is Uber and Why Is It Threatening Traditional Taxi Services? Uber has landed, and it's fundamentally changing inner-city transit. And some might say, not entirely for the better. Read More . So much so that you don’t even need the Uber app to hail an Uber any more. Instead, you can simply hail a ride from within Google Maps. In March 2016, Google Maps added a dedicated tab for ride services. This meant that whenever you searched for directions in Google Maps, you’d see ridesharing options alongside the walking, biking, and public transport options. Now, Google Maps has updated this element in order to make it even more useful to users looking for a ride. Where the app used to display a long list of possible pickups, it will now display a host of different options, alongside actionable information. A range of ridesharing services are featured, including Uber, Lyft, Hailo, and Gett. Once you click the ridesharing tab you’ll see which services have cars in the area, and the price you can expect to pay to get from your current location to the location you searched for. Uber Enjoys Special Treatment Uber has forged a special partnership with Google, which means that you can now “book, complete and pay for an Uber ride without ever leaving Google Maps”. You don’t even need to have the Uber app installed on your phone, as you just sign into your existing Uber account instead. It probably still makes more sense to actually use the Uber app for this, but having the option to do it all within Google Maps isn’t a bad thing. Especially as Uber now tracks you even after you have completed your journey Uber Can Now Track Your Location At All Times Uber Can Now Track Your Location At All Times Uber now has the capacity to track riders even after they have completed their journey. Which should worry anyone who cares about their privacy and security. Read More . Sadly, Google Maps doesn’t let you tip your Uber driver Uber Launches Compliments to Stop You Tipping Uber Launches Compliments to Stop You Tipping Uber drivers do a tough job. So the least we, as passengers, can do is thank them for their efforts. By tipping them? No. By complimenting them. Read More . This new Google Maps update is starting to roll out today on Android and on iOS. Do you use ridesharing services on a regular basis? If so, which do you favor? Why do you prefer ridesharing services over traditional taxis? Will you be making use of this new Google Maps feature? If so, how? Please let us know in the comments below! Previous PostOpera Neon Reveals the Future of Web BrowsersNext PostHow to Never Forget Anything at Home Again 1 comment Write a Comment Gary January 13, 2017 at 3:47 pm Seems to be more bloat inside google maps. Already there is way too much in it, share pictures, take surveys on places, etc. Too many google apps seem to be incorporating features from all other google apps. Anyway never used ridesharing and probably never will, so this feature is useless for me. Reply Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Dave Parrack 1636 articles Dave Parrack is the Tech News and Entertainment editor at MakeUseOf. He hails from the UK, where he enjoys eating, drinking, and sleeping. Kinda like a cat. Advertisement Latest Giveaways Noontec Zoro II Wireless Headphones Review and Giveaway Noontec Zoro II Wireless Headphones Review and Giveaway Garmin Vivomove Sport Review and Giveaway Garmin Vivomove Sport Review and Giveaway UHANS H5000 Review and Giveaway UHANS H5000 Review and Giveaway Advertisement Advertisement Affiliate Disclosure: By buying the products we recommend, you help keep the lights on at MakeUseOf. Read more. Subscribe to Our Newsletter Email: Scroll down for the next article © 2017 MakeUseOf. All Rights Reserved.
Mashable We're using cookies to improve your experience. Click Here to find out more. Mashable Mashable Asia Mashable Australia Mashable France Mashable India Mashable UK Sign in Like Follow Follow Mashable see more  > Search Videos Social Media Tech Business Entertainment World Lifestyle Watercooler Shop More Channels Videos Social Media Tech Business Entertainment World Lifestyle Watercooler Shop Company About Us Licensing & Reprints Archive Mashable Careers Contact Contact Us Submit News Advertise Advertise Legal Privacy Policy Terms of Use Cookie Policy Apps iPhone / iPad Android Resources Subscriptions Sites Mashable Shop Job Board Social Good Summit Tech Like Follow Follow I spent 2 weeks socializing in VR, and I saw the future 1.3k Shares Share Tweet Share What's This? My Oculus avatar getting ready to head out into the metaverse. Image: Oculus VR  By Adario Strange2017-01-12 21:23:40 UTC When Mark Zuckerberg donned an Oculus Rift on stage at the Oculus Connect conference last fall to show off a group of avatars playing cards in virtual reality, it was meant to be a peek at the future of social networking. But it turns out that future is already here: Even without Facebook's direct participation, social VR is quickly becoming a thing. Facebook's own Oculus Rooms social VR app (previewed last year) has yet to come to the Rift headset, but a wide array of social VR apps have already taken off, fostering vibrant communities of people coming together from around the world to interact as simple yet surprisingly effective avatars, facilitated by high-end VR headsets like the Rift and HTC Vive. SEE ALSO: 5 VR safety tips to stop you from destroying your home Currently, most of the public's limited interest in VR is centered on where we know the money already is: gaming. But social VR is already beginning to deliver on VR's promise of an "empathy engine," using the medium to connect real people from around the world. But what does this new universe of social VR look like? I decided to find out. It's an avatar world If you tried to explain the internet to someone from the 18th century, and all you had as a visual aid was a painting of a Google results page full of links, you'd have a tough time convincing that person that the painting represented a global network of living information on every topic known to humankind. That's about how tough it is to describe the groundbreaking events currently unfolding in social VR — YouTube videos of avatars hanging out with each other simply don't translate the full impact of the experience. Name-checking Second Life — the massive multiplayer online experience that launched in 2003 and is actually still around — scratches the surface of it, but the virtual bar has been raised with fully immersive headsets, and the VR universe is something entirely new. Social VR is already beginning to deliver on VR's promise of an "empathy engine" In the past two weeks, I've had one-on-one experiences with people from Sweden, China, the UK, Chile, Florida, Atlanta and California — all from the comfort of my New York City apartment using the Rift. Unlike the social networks that most of us are accustomed to, we didn't meet as icons or user names on flat, 2D screens. Instead, our interactions occurred in fully realized three-dimensional spaces, each person represented by 3D avatars allowing individual interactivity with almost the same degree of freedom and expressiveness we're accustomed to in the real world. Looking down at your virtual hands and then walking over to view your personal avatar in a mirror for the first time is a transformative experience. Gone are the joysticks and keyboard commands; your face and hands are your interface in VR, and even something as simple as looking over your own virtual shoulder (yes, that's possible) pulls you deeper into the immersive experience.  In one VR environment, a handshake with another person's avatar results in a pleasant explosion of pixels, which means you're now friends with that person. Another environment does the same thing with fist bumps, except the action serves as a VIP ticket to a private party in another room. Currently, the social VR community is a fairly small, tight-knit group of pioneers, much like the early days of the IRC (internet relay chat) that offered a vibrant but mostly under-the-radar social meeting place just before the explosion of the web. My customized VR avatars in Bigscreen, vTime and AltspaceVR. Image: BIGSCREEN, VTIME, ALTSPACEVR After a good deal of VR bar-hopping, I found the most active social communities in four social VR apps: Bigscreen, vTime, AltspaceVR and Rec Room. Bigscreen and Rec Room are both limited to the Vive and the Rift (for now) while AltspaceVR and vTime both work with the aforementioned headsets as well as cheaper options like the Gear VR (vTime also works on Google Daydream View). None of the experiences except vTime touted Cardboard as an option.  Like the concrete-and-steel social clubs of the world, each space had its own distinct look and personality, attracting different types of users and offering varying levels of social intimacy. What it's like to 'go out' in VR I met my first group of people in Bigscreen, an environment suited to small gatherings of up to four people in rooms in where users can interact while seated in swank virtual apartments, and watch videos in private movie theaters. The environment also doubles as a great personal workspace, as it easily allows you to work on your computer's desktop from VR (the Vive version lets you type using the SteamVR virtual keyboard, but the best input method for web surfing I found was via voice on Google Chrome). Beyond social and entertainment, Bigscreen also seems perfectly suited to the next phase of telecommuting and virtual presence meetings currently facilitated by tools like Skype.  When you enter Bigscreen you have the option creating rooms and inviting others, or joining rooms in progress (the limit is four people per room, so things get intimate pretty fast). My first Bigscreen meeting paired me with a man and woman from Asia and a man from western Europe. We were all newbies trying to figure out how to use the app so I kicked things off and opened a trailer for us to watch — you guessed it, The Matrix. Predictably, it was a hit, and that broke the ice. Soon, everyone began trading social VR tips and tricks.  It's scary meeting someone in VR for the first time. There's no user name to hide behind. And even though your avatar isn't really your own body, there's a distinct sense that you're exposed.  Nevertheless, it's scary meeting someone in VR for the first time. There's no user name to hide behind. And even though your avatar isn't really your own body, there's a distinct sense that you're exposed to others and must put your best virtual foot forward (much like real life). Conversations are verbal, not typed, so you don't have the luxury of a backspace key or taking your time when you respond. It's a virtual world, but it's real-time. My next encounter occurred in vTime, where I was transported onto a moving train in which three people from different locations were already holding a conversation. After introducing myself, we all moved to another environment that had us sitting on a satellite orbiting Earth. You can see a screencap of that meetup below, but the static, 2D picture doesn't do justice to the experience — it really felt as though Earth's massive form was moving below us.  Everyone, even the one veteran user (six months deep) among us, seemed a bit giddy sitting atop the world like gods as space detritus floated by, only momentarily interrupting our discussion about the implications of this new, virtual universe. We soon teleporting to a campfire and then to a mountain cliff. Each environment looked and even, to a certain extent, felt like the real thing — only missing details like the wind from the realistic sky or the heat from the crackling fire. It was at this point that it occurred to me that we may never really need the fabled Star Trek transporter H.G. Wells' time machine, because in virtual reality, you can already transport to any place or time with a mere gesture.  In AltspaceVR, things were a lot more active. The rooms were filled with dozens people of all ages and nationalities and temperaments. While the vast majority of my experiences in social VR were friendly and polite, AltspaceVR felt a little more like the real world in that there were a least a few trolls less excited by the new platform and more interested in getting attention. This was most apparent during an open-mic night at a club users could teleport into. As raucous as a late-night New York City comedy club, it took almost 30 minutes to get roughly 40 people (avatars) to settle down and start the show.  The early crowd begins to gather at an open mic night in AltspaceVR. Image: altspacevr After a couple of performers, one guy got on stage and tried out a couple of racist jokes, after which he was promptly booed off stage and the show went on without a hitch. Like the offline world, AltspaceVR has its bad actors, but that authenticity reinforces the feeling of immersion. You feel as though you're in a real club.  "The same thing that makes social presence such a powerful force for positive interactions can also make it a powerful force for harassment." On the opposite end of the spectrum is Rec Room, a social VR space centered around bringing people together to play games that require physical interactions instead of mere joystick skills. It's in Rec Room that I played several games of paintball, bonding with my own team of strangers as we worked together to defeat opposing teams. Later, I dipped into a room for a game of VR charades with several others, which provided just as many laughs as the game does in your living room. However, the experience was somewhat marred by enthusiastic children using their newfound avatar powers to harass those with less experience in the space.  A very young girl, obviously having sensor-tracking issues with her real-world hardware, was stuck with her avatar's body half-lodged in the floor of the room. After she called out for help (her voice actually sounded like she was in pain after a while), a couple of players, also children, tried to help by pulling at her avatar, but that only made things worse by obscuring her view. Virtual bodies can't be hurt, but the episode was disturbing nonetheless. I wondered about the logical extension of that situation, where a bad actor in VR tries to impede or ruin another user's experience. Last year a woman wrote about her experience of being "groped" in VR, and it's a harrowing tale. I asked the Rec Room people about the very real possibility of harassment in VR: "Online harassment is a topic we take very seriously here. We really want to make sure Rec Room is a great community for people from all walks of life," says Nick Fajt, the CEO and co-founder of Seattle-based Against Gravity, the developer of Rec Room, during a subsequent meeting we had in VR. "We've found that social VR is something of a double-edged sword. The same thing that makes social presence such a powerful force for positive interactions can also make it a powerful force for harassment …  we feel a particular obligation to drive the state of the art forward in preventing and addressing online harassment." To that end, Rec Room, as well as the other social VR apps I visited, all have various tools devoted to reporting bad behavior, removing disruptive people and discouraging harassment. Although the tools all vary, a common function is the ability to point at a user or look a user up (user names were displayed at all times in each app) and enable a blocking or reporting action.  Meeting above planet Earth in one of vTime's VR rooms. Image: vTime "Personal space is sacrosanct, whether physical or virtual, and those boundaries take on new significance with a HMD strapped to your face," says Clemens Wangerin, managing director of UK-based vTime. "I'm pleased to say that the clear majority use the service exactly as intended. Those that don't are dealt with swiftly when reported, and can receive temporary or permanent bans." And while all the services have age limits (usually 13), there are currently no hard measures in place to prevent children from interacting with adult strangers. That situation is mirrored on the web, of course, but made more troubling when a sense of presence is involved via 3D avatars, audio interaction and hand interfaces.  "We pioneered the concept of a 'personal space bubble,' which prevents people from sticking virtual objects into your virtual body, or 'groping' you," says Darshan Shankar, the CEO and founder of Berkeley, CA-based Bigscreen. "Those [unwanted actions] can feel very uncomfortable in VR and a personal space bubble was a simple, clever solution to the problem. Many other social VR apps have now implemented similar controls to excellent results." A VR smartwatch and control mechanism that you wear on your wrist in Rec Room. Image: Against Gravity Part of the reason harassment in these early stages of social VR is being given so much attention is due to the lessons learned on the social media web. And although there are no guaranteed methods currently in place to guard against harassment in social VR spaces, after much use, I'm convinced that the aforementioned companies are working earnestly to keep VR from devolving from an empathy engine into an "enmity engine." Early days for VR meetups During my first-ever business meeting in VR, Fajt took me on an in-depth tour through some of Rec Room's lesser-known corners as we discussed the future of social VR. Fajt, who spent several years working on the Microsoft HoloLens team, believes augmented reality will eventually become incredibly useful to mainstream consumers, but he's placing his early bet on VR as the path to the next step beyond today's web.  When I asked him why, he echoed the sentiments I've heard frequently in recent months from those studying both platforms: In general, AR is harder than VR, at least in the short-term. Although hits like Pokémon Go and Snapchat Lenses offer amazing imagery to overlay real-world environments, nothing compares to the full immersion available in VR. But Fajt believes this is all transitional, and that within the next decade we'll see tetherless glasses that seamlessly handle the task of delivering both AR and VR content. But in the near term, VR simply packs more punch as a platform.  None of the companies would reveal membership numbers, although Bigscreen, which is still in beta, claims its most passionate users stay in the app for 20 to 30 hours a week. Most estimates place the collective number of mobile and high-end VR headsets sold in 2016 in the single-digit millions.  In terms of revenue, none of the social VR spaces I used, all of which are free to use, had obvious revenue models. Predictably, the focus for these services for now is around building community first and figuring out profit down the road.  Against Gravity CEO Nick Fajt tells me about the future of Rec Room over a game of VR poker. Image: Against Gravity But unlike the web's early social-networking growth around sites like Friendster, MySpace and later Facebook, the grace period for social VR to develop without intense competition will be extremely short. Facebook's Oculus Rooms, which is currently available in a limited form for Samsung Gear VR users, will roll out in a major way for Oculus Rift later this year. When that happens, anyone withe Rift will be encouraged to link their Facebook accounts — a shift that will prompt VR's nascent user base to choose between these small, pioneering social VR apps and the world's biggest social network.  No, none of these spaces are hyperrealistic simulacras in the tradition of The Matrix. But as Epic Games founder and Unreal Engine pioneer Tim Sweeney demonstrated on stage months ago at Steam Dev Days (the game service's developer conference), we're less than a decade away from realistic human avatars in VR. That change seems destined to deliver on one of the biggest promises of the medium: teleporting, with others, to fully immersive worlds. When that happens, much of the groundwork will have been laid by the VR social networks of today. BONUS: We built a VR-ready computer for less than $800 (and you can too) Topics: apps-and-software, Facebook, HTC Vive, Oculus, social networking, Tech, virtual reality, VR About Us Jobs Advertise Subscribe Privacy Terms Mashable is a global, multi-platform media and entertainment company. Powered by its own proprietary technology, Mashable is the go-to source for tech, digital culture and entertainment content for its dedicated and influential audience around the globe. ©2005-2017 Mashable, Inc. Reproduction without explicit permission is prohibited. All Rights Reserved. Designed in collaboration with Code & Theory
This web site uses cookies to improve your experience. By viewing our content, you are accepting the use of cookies. To find out more and change your cookie settings, please view our cookie policy. Edition: Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan Go Videos Smart City Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security Data Centers more Apple Mobility CES 2017 IoT Enterprise Software Hardware See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Newsletters All Writers Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out Go Menu Videos Smart City Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security Data Centers Apple Mobility CES 2017 IoT Enterprise Software Hardware See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out us Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan Google Maps for iOS, Android gains full Uber support You can now book Uber rides from within Google Maps. The feature is rolling out globally. By Jake Smith for iGeneration | January 12, 2017 -- 21:11 GMT (13:11 PST) | Topic: Mobility James Martin/CNET Alphabet's Google updated Google Maps for iOS and Android with expanded ride-sharing features, thanks to full support for Uber and partial support for Lyft, Gett, or Hailo. Read more Uber launches Shanghai branch, plans to invest $1b in China China's taxi monopoly battle continues, Didi Kuaidi raise $3b Two years hard labour: Korea to move forward with Bill to ban Uber Government review calls for taxi regulation reform When a user opens the Google Maps ride services mode, they'll now see pricing and options from the ride-hailing providers. Uber takes things a step further, as it has struck a deal with Google for users to book Uber rides from directly within the Google Maps app. Google Ventures, now called GV within the Alphabet umbrella, made an early investment in Uber in 2013. Once you sign into your existing Uber account, Google Maps brings full Uber support: You can book an Uber ride, track your driver on the map, and connect with your driver, Google explained in a blog post. The Google Maps updates are now rolling out on the App Store and Google Play. Amazon Echo: 6 interesting Alexa skills to... SEE FULL GALLERY 1 - 5 of 8 NEXT PREV Join Discussion Powered by Livefyre Add your Comment Related Stories Mobility LG touts upcoming G6's safety with 'heat pipes' Mobility iPhone 10th, CES 2017, wearables, and headsets (MobileTechRoundup show #388) Mobility Samsung Display ad could suggest Galaxy S8 design Mobility Silk iPhone 7 collection hands-on: Style, protection, and functionality at affordable prices × Thank You Please review our terms of service to complete your newsletter subscription I agree to the Terms of Use, Privacy Policy and Video Services Policy. I understand I will receive a complimentary subscription to TechRepublic's News and Special Offers newsletter, and the Daily Digest newsletter (you can opt out at any time). ACCEPT & CLOSE Newsletters You have been successfully signed up. To sign up for more newsletters or to manage your account, visit the Newsletter Subscription Center. See All See All ZDNet Connect with us © 2017 CBS Interactive. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | Cookies | Ad Choice | Advertise | Terms of Use | Mobile User Agreement Visit other CBS Interactive sites: Select SiteCBS CaresCBS FilmsCBS RadioCBS.comCBSInteractiveCBSNews.comCBSSports.comChowhoundCNETCollege NetworksGameSpotLast.fmMaxPrepsMetacritic.comMoneywatchmySimonRadio.comSearch.comShopper.comShowtimeTechRepublicThe InsiderTV.comUrbanBaby.comZDNet Topics All Authors Galleries Videos About ZDNet Meet The Team Site Map RSS Feeds Reprint Policy Manage | Log Out Log In to ZDNET | Join ZDNet Membership Newsletters Site Assistance
Python In Go - Introducing Grumpy   Login Register Edit Profile Change Region About Us   Home News Python Main Menu Home Book Reviews Book Watch News Projects The Core Babbage's Bag History Swift's Spreadsheets The Stone Tapes Professional Programmer eBooks Programmer Puzzles Bargain Computer Books CodeBin I Programmer Weekly New Articles! What PHP Does How to Authenticate a Device in the Industrial Internet of Things JavaScript Data Structures - Array Object AWS Lambda For The Impatient Part 1 The Invertible Bloom Filter jQuery 3 - Forms Android Adventures - Fragments and Android Studio XML Getting Started With Google's Android Things Lambdas and Delegates - Why Bother? IoT Anomaly Detection Using A Kalman Filter A Programmer's Guide to Scratch 2 The Trick Of The Mind - Turing Complete The Bloom Filter jQuery 3 - Working With Data Introducing Android Fragments New Book Reviews! Scratch Programming Playground Programming Beyond Practices The Fourth Industrial Revolution Next Generation Databases: NoSQL, NewSQL, and Big Data Beyond Legacy Code Effective Ruby Algorithms in a Nutshell, 2nd Ed Big Data For Chimps Wicked Cool Shell Scripts 2nd Ed Cool Scratch Projects Robonomics: Prepare Today for the Jobless Economy of Tomorrow The CS Detective Learning Computer Architecture with Raspberry Pi Responsive Web Design in 24 Hours C# 6 for Programmers Popular Articles Arrays in Python Android Adventures - Getting Started With Android Studio 2.2 Can You Do The Regular Expression Crossword? Getting started with Excel VBA Beautiful Architecture JavaScript Data Structures - Associative Array A Worm's Mind In A Lego Body Using the WPF .NET 4.0 DataGrid Data structures - Trees Sorting algorithms as dances Dumping .NET - Microsoft's Madness Weak typing - the lost art of the keyboard Online regular expression generator A Better Way To Program A Crab-Based Computer The Mod Function Python In Go - Introducing Grumpy Written by Kay Ewbank    Thursday, 12 January 2017 Google has developed an experimental Python runtime for Go that translates Python code to Go, then runs the code in the Go runtime. The thinking behind this crazy sounding scheme is to find a way to make concurrent  workloads perform well. As a post on the Google open source blog by Dylan Trotter of YouTube Engineering explains: "Google runs millions of lines of Python code. The front-end server that drives youtube.com and YouTube’s APIs is primarily written in Python, and it serves millions of requests per second! YouTube’s front-end runs on CPython 2.7, so we’ve put a ton of work into improving the runtime and adapting our application to work optimally within it." Trotter explains that while the work has been relatively successful, the problem remains that it's very difficult to make concurrent workloads perform well on CPython. Other Python runtimes all involved trade-offs, so: "we asked ourselves a crazy question: What if we were to implement an alternative runtime optimized for real-time serving?" The choice of Go as the platform came down to a number of benefits, including lightweight threads and first class language interoperability. The result was Grumpy, an experimental Python runtime for Go that translates Python code into Go programs, and those transpiled programs run seamlessly within the Go runtime.     The goal is for Grumpy to be a drop-in replacement runtime for any pure Python project. There are two limitations because of the design choices made by the developers. Firstly, because there's no support for C extension modules, Grumpy can't make use of existing Python C extensions. This choice was made because it gave the developers flexibility to design an API and object representation that scales for parallel workloads. The second limitation is that Grumpy is not an interpreter; Grumpy programs are compiled and linked just like any other Go program. This limits development and deployment flexibility, but creates opportunities to optimize performance at compile time via static program analysis. It also means that interoperability with Go code becomes both powerful and straightforward.: Grumpy programs can import Go packages just like Python modules. A limitation that could be of more consequence to Python developers is that Grumpy runs Python 2.7 rather than Python 3. The developers at Google say this is because they have a large codebase in Python 2.7 to support. In a conversation on Github, Dylan Trotter said: "I definitely would like to support Python 3. It's just a bunch of work. Probably requires forking grumpy and building out all the v3 features." "Another path may be to support Python 3 features in the existing Grumpy runtime and transpiler at the risk of making things less maintainable." Grumpy is still alpha software, but most of the language constructs and many core built-in types work like you’d expect. Trotter says that: "there are still holes to fill — many built-in types are missing methods and attributes, built-in functions are absent and the standard library is virtually empty. If you find things that you wish were working, file an issue so we know what to prioritize. Or better yet, submit a pull request."     More Information Grumpy Related Articles Go Language Of The Year With Dart Catching Up Python 3.6.0 Beta 1 //No Comment - Python 3.6 Kivy 1.9 Released   Python 3.5 Released     To be informed about new articles on I Programmer, sign up for our weekly newsletter, subscribe to the RSS feed and follow us on, Twitter, Facebook, Google+ or Linkedin.   New Facebook Computer Vision Tags 09/01/2017 Show Facebook Computer Vision Tags is a new Chrome and Firefox extension that overlays all images appearing on your Facebook timeline with a neural-network derived classification. This reveals wh [ ... ] + Full Story Microsoft Personal Translator Available 19/12/2016 In another step towards breaking down language barriers, the new version of Microsoft Translator has a group conversation feature. It translates nine spoken languages (over 50 as text) in real time fo [ ... ] + Full Story More News C Slides In TIOBE Index The Computer Science Breakthrough Of The Decade Now Reinstated! Orion 13 Released With ECMA 2016 Support Cure53 XSSMas Hacking Challenge 2016 Underway //No Comment - Frank, Sandboxing JavaScript, OCaml 4.04.0 & Kotlin 1.0.6 European Parliament Votes On Legal Status Of Robots Serverless JavaScript Pi To Take Over The Desktop? //No Comment - Motion-Planning Chip, Robot Alexa & BB8 autonomous car AlphaGo Revealed As Mystery Player On Winning Streak Facebook Hacker Cup 2017 Kicks Off Google Slides API Adds Text Formatting The Facts Of Quantum Life         Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus Last Updated ( Thursday, 12 January 2017 )     Follow @Iprogrammerinfo     RSS feed of news items only Copyright © 2017 i-programmer.info. All Rights Reserved. Joomla! is Free Software released under the GNU/GPL License. Powered by Joomla!. ValidXHTML andCSS.
Time.com MY ACCOUNT SIGN IN SIGN OUT SUBSCRIBE SUBSCRIBE Home U.S. Politics World Business Tech Health Motto Entertainment Science Newsfeed Living Sports History The TIME Vault Magazine Ideas Parents TIME Labs Money LIFE The Daily Cut Photography Videos TIME Shop Press Room The 100 Most Influential People Next Generation Leaders American Voices The Ensemble Effect Finding Home Person of the Year 2016 Top of the World Subscribe Newsletters Feedback Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Use Ad Choices RSS TIME Apps TIME for Kids Advertising Reprints and Permissions Site Map Help Customer Service © 2017 Time Inc. All rights reserved. Tech MY ACCOUNT SIGN IN SIGN OUT SUBSCRIBE SUBSCRIBE MORE U.S. Edition U.S. Edition Europe, Middle East and Africa Edition Asia Edition South Pacific Edition Former Pro Wrestler Jimmy ‘Superfly’ Snuka Dies at Age 73 Racial Discrimination Still Exists With With Ride-Sharing Apps Nintendo America Boss: Switch Online Platform Will Have ‘Nintendo Flair’ Watch Alec Baldwin Mock Donald Trump’s Latest Press Conference on Saturday Night Live 10 Books to Put On Your Reading List This Month Tips to Teach Kindness to Your Kids, According to Doctors Here’s Why Game of Thrones Has Not Yet Been Renewed for Season 8 Nicole Kidman Clarifies Her Comments About Donald Trump: ‘I Believe in Democracy’ SpaceX Launches First Rocket Since Explosion Jennifer Holliday Pulls Out of Donald Trump Inauguration Performance TIME Tech apps The Google Maps Update Makes It Way Easier to Book an Uber Lisa Eadicicco @lisaeadicicco Jan. 12, 2017 SHARE You don't even have to leave the app + READ ARTICLE There’s no longer a need to switch between Google Maps and Uber when planning a trip. Google is adding a new Uber integration that makes it possible to get a fare estimate, book a ride, and pay without leaving the app, the company announced on its site Thursday. Even if the Uber app isn’t installed, users will be able to access the ride sharing service by logging in or creating an account from within Google Maps, the announcement read. After the ride is booked, users can track their driver’s location on the map or contact him or her from within the app as well. Those who frequent Google Maps will notice another change in the app’s ride services tab as well, which has been redesigned to include a map view with various ride-booking options displayed underneath. Users will be able to cycle through different services like Uber and Lyft by tapping different tabs below the map. Previously, Google Maps just displayed a list of supported taxi hailing apps. Google The integration comes as Internet giants like Facebook are also competing to keep users engaged in their own services rather than switching between multiple apps. Facebook announced Uber would be integrated into Messenger in December 2015, and now the platform hosts thousands of chat bots for connecting to external services. Google and Uber, meanwhile, are both aggressively pursuing the development and deployment of self-driving cars, and reports indicate it could one day launch its own taxi service. But Bill Maris, CEO of the company’s investment arm Google Ventures, says it doesn’t “compete” with the ride-sharing platform. “We’re investors in Uber, ” he recently told Bloomberg‘s Emily Chang. “That’s our responsibility, to help them build as big and successful and useful a company as possible.” Read Next Your browser is out of date. Please update your browser at http://update.microsoft.com Home U.S. Politics World Business Tech Health Science Entertainment Newsfeed Living Ideas Parents Sports History The TIME Vault Magazine Subscribe Give a Gift TIME Shop Press Room Newsletters Customer Service Site Map Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Use Advertising Ad Choices Careers All products and services featured are based solely on editorial selection. TIME may receive compensation for some links to products and services on this website. © 2017 Time Inc. All rights reserved. Powered by WordPress.com VIP YOU BROKE TIME.COM! Dear TIME Reader, As a regular visitor to TIME.com, we are sure you enjoy all the great journalism created by our editors and reporters. Great journalism has great value, and it costs money to make it. One of the main ways we cover our costs is through advertising. The use of software that blocks ads limits our ability to provide you with the journalism you enjoy. Consider turning your Ad Blocker off so that we can continue to provide the world class journalism you have become accustomed to. The TIME Team Post to Cancel
Home > Google News > Google SEO > Moz Updates Their 302 SEO Help Docs Based On Google Feedback Moz Updates Their 302 SEO Help Docs Based On Google Feedback Jan 12, 2017 • 7:54 am | (10) by Barry Schwartz | Filed Under Google Search Engine Optimization Prev Story Next story Tweet Pin It   Prev Story Next Story For almost a year (maybe more), Moz and Google have not agreed on how Google handles 302 redirects. Well, after much back and forth, this week, Moz updated their SEO help docs to include the debate around 302. This is the before: This is the after: Why now? Well, it came up again on Twitter and John Mueller from Google outright said they are wrong. So Moz updated it. John wrote, "you might want to tell them [Moz] that it's wrong." Britney Muller from Moz responded she will act on it. So now Moz updated it to add more about their debate. Funny that they think Google is lying still. Forum discussion at Twitter. Previous story: Google Alerts No Working?   blog comments powered by Disqus The pulse of the search community Subscribe Subscribe options ADVERTISERS Search buzz Video 12/30/2016 08:49 am Subscribe More videos Video Details Browse by: Browse by Date Find by Category Discover by Author Scan Most Recent See Comments View Tag Cloud SEM FORUM THREADS WebmasterWorld Forums Opera Shows off Experimental Browser, "Neon" Google Updates and SERP Changes - January 2017 Digital Point Forums Specialized browsers with unique features $20 logo contest Sponsored links Best SEO Company Link Penalty Recovery £200 includes locating & contacting   Submit a Thread Forum Search Awards About Us Seals Advertise Contact Google Google Updates Google News Google SEO AdSense AdWords Misc Google Google Maps Bing Bing SEO Bing Ads ContentAds Yahoo Yahoo SEO Yahoo Search Ads Yahoo Publisher Network Yahoo News Other Yahoo Overture SEO Sitemaps Spiders Informational Sites SEO SEO Copywriting Keyword Research Link Building Dynamic Site SEO Cloaking Local SEO Other Search Topics Search News SEO Tools Spam Forum News SEM Companies Web Promotion SEO Interviews Search Technology Search Theory SEM Organizations SEO Books Legal Search Issues Affiliate Marketing Social Search More... Logos Other Search Engines SEO Conferences PPC Engines Web Directories Ask.com Photos Shopping Search Multilingual Search Search Pulse Search Video Recaps Digg Digest Search Forum Recap Misc Submit a Thread Forum Search Awards About Us Seals Advertise Contact Mobile Site The content at the Search Engine Roundtable are the sole opinion of the authors and in no way reflect views of RustyBrick ®, Inc Copyright © 1994-2017 RustyBrick ®, Inc. Web Development All Rights Reserved. This work by Search Engine Roundtable is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 United States License. Creative Commons License
Home > Google News > Google Updates > January 2017 Google Webmaster Report January 2017 Google Webmaster Report Jan 12, 2017 • 8:23 am | (0) by Barry Schwartz | Filed Under Google PageRank & Algorithm Updates Prev Story Next story Tweet Pin It   Prev Story Next Story I am really delayed this month with the monthly Google Webmaster Report, but here it is for January. The big items were the December 15th Google update, which many many webmasters saw. Google starting rolling out the interstitial penalty two days ago, the mobile-first index isn't live yet and it seems like the link operator is dead - maybe. Also, Google doesn't throttle traffic to sites, SEO is a primary reason for hacking and Google supports HTTP/2. Google also said they are working on a year of search analytics data and made several Search Console updates this past month. The ongoing WebmasterWorld thread is pretty normal and stable right now. Here is the recap from December. Here is the outline of the more important Google stories for webmasters: Google Updates & Algorithms: December 15th Google Search Algorithm Update Signals Official: Google Intrusive Interstitials Mobile Penalty Now Rolling Out Google Intrusive Interstitials Mobile Penalty Only To Impact Search Result To Page Google: We Will Treat Religious Interstitials As Legal Or Policy Interstitials Google Algorithm Update During Holiday Break? Doubt It. Google Links: Google: Don't Use Our Link Operator In Web Search Google Reiterates There Is No Penalty For Not Linking Out Google Calls Out Sites With Taboola Or Outbrain Links Google Features: Google Featured Snippets Now Displayed On More Queries Google Showing Rich Cards In Over 10% Of Search Results Do Google AMP Rich Cards Have Drastically Lower CTR? AMP Comes To Google Image Search Search Google By Tweeting Emojis To @google Google Replaces "In The News" With "Top Stories" Mobile First & Mobile SEO: Google: Mobile First Index Is Not Yet Live The Google Mobile First Index Won't Measure Page Speed Google: Slow Pages Might Be Labeled As Not Mobile Friendly Google Misinforming Webmasters That Their Page Is Not Mobile Friendly Google 2017 SEO Advice: Make Sure You Optimize For Mobile Like You Do For Desktop Google Home & Assistant Now Allow Developers To Build Voice Commands SEO: Google: We Have No Web Site Page Quota & Do Not Throttle Traffic Google: SEO Is One Of The Primary Reasons Websites Are Targeted For Hacking Google Gives HTTP/2 GoogleBot Clearance Google: Most 404s Are Not Webmasters Fault Google: CDNs Are Safe & Shouldn't Hurt Your Rankings Google: Wix Web Sites Work Fine For Search Google: Keep The Default CMS Robots.txt Setting Google: Site Removal Tool Won't Speed Up Site Migrations Google: Similar New URLs Won't Pick Up Old URLs Signals Google: There Is No One Recipe For Search Rankings Success Google: Wikipedia Is Ranked By Google Like Any Other Web Site Google: Nofollow Attribute May Help With Crawl Budgets For Large Sites Google Image Search Now To Use Product Schema Markup Google: There Is No Google Sandbox Google: Sitemaps Should Contain URLs Of Pages You Want Indexed, Not Variations Google On Measuring Speed: Page Speed Insights & Plain Old Response Time Google Presentation On Internationalization & Search Google: Crawl Budget Works Differently Than You Think Google Adds New Books Schema Markup With Buy E-Book Links Google Search Console: Google Actively Working On Adding A Year Of Search Analytics Data To Search Console Google Search Console AMP Reports Differentiate Between Critical & Non-Critical Issues Google Changes Search Console Report "Update" Line To "Note" Google Search Console AMP & Rich Card Reports May Have Updated Google Search Console Property Sets Now With More Reports Forum discussion at WebmasterWorld. Previous story: Google: Dirty Sitemaps URLs Don't Hurt Your Sitemap File   blog comments powered by Disqus The pulse of the search community Subscribe Subscribe options ADVERTISERS Search buzz Video 12/30/2016 08:49 am Subscribe More videos Video Details Browse by: Browse by Date Find by Category Discover by Author Scan Most Recent See Comments View Tag Cloud SEM FORUM THREADS WebmasterWorld Forums Opera Shows off Experimental Browser, "Neon" Google Updates and SERP Changes - January 2017 Digital Point Forums How to Get Free Resources for Link Building?? ADSeo.club Sponsored links Best SEO Company Link Penalty Recovery £200 includes locating & contacting   Submit a Thread Forum Search Awards About Us Seals Advertise Contact Google Google Updates Google News Google SEO AdSense AdWords Misc Google Google Maps Bing Bing SEO Bing Ads ContentAds Yahoo Yahoo SEO Yahoo Search Ads Yahoo Publisher Network Yahoo News Other Yahoo Overture SEO Sitemaps Spiders Informational Sites SEO SEO Copywriting Keyword Research Link Building Dynamic Site SEO Cloaking Local SEO Other Search Topics Search News SEO Tools Spam Forum News SEM Companies Web Promotion SEO Interviews Search Technology Search Theory SEM Organizations SEO Books Legal Search Issues Affiliate Marketing Social Search More... Logos Other Search Engines SEO Conferences PPC Engines Web Directories Ask.com Photos Shopping Search Multilingual Search Search Pulse Search Video Recaps Digg Digest Search Forum Recap Misc Submit a Thread Forum Search Awards About Us Seals Advertise Contact Mobile Site The content at the Search Engine Roundtable are the sole opinion of the authors and in no way reflect views of RustyBrick ®, Inc Copyright © 1994-2017 RustyBrick ®, Inc. Web Development All Rights Reserved. This work by Search Engine Roundtable is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 United States License. Creative Commons License
This web site uses cookies to improve your experience. By viewing our content, you are accepting the use of cookies. To find out more and change your cookie settings, please view our cookie policy. Edition: Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan Go Videos Smart City Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security Data Centers more Apple Mobility CES 2017 IoT Enterprise Software Hardware See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Newsletters All Writers Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out Go Menu Videos Smart City Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security Data Centers Apple Mobility CES 2017 IoT Enterprise Software Hardware See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out us Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan Apache Beam and Spark: New coopetition for squashing the Lambda Architecture? While Google has its own agenda with Apache Beam, could it provide the elusive common on-ramp to streaming? By Tony Baer (Ovum) for Big on Data | January 12, 2017 -- 13:00 GMT (05:00 PST) | Topic: Big Data Analytics The nice thing about open source projects and standards is that there are so many of them to choose from. And on January 10, the Apache community welcomed Beam as its latest "top level" project (getting top level means your project has made it to prime time in Apache). What's Hot on ZDNet Microsoft rolls out second Windows 10 Creators Update test build in a week House bill aims to block tech giants from building "Muslim registry" With the rise of global instability, can ceramic storage save our digital culture? CES 2017 recap video: Big trends, top products, and wackiest tech Beam is the latest manifestation of Google's newfound open technology strategy. Google traditionally kept its technology to itself, typically publishing research papers that the open source community would then reinvent under clean room conditions. That's how HDFS, Hadoop's foundational file system, and MapReduce got started. But of late, Google is sharing its goodies, a development that more than coincidentally parallels its growing seriousness in competing with Amazon and Microsoft in the cloud computing business. As challenger to Amazon, Google can't rely alone on proprietary technologies -- it needs to make some bets that will grow viral with developers, with open source providing the likeliest on-ramp. While Android has long been Google's best known open source project, TensorFlow and Kubernetes are more instrumental to drawing customers to the Google cloud. Actually, Google makes that point verbatim in its Why Apache Beam blog. Beam is an API that separates the building of a data processing pipeline from the actual engine on which it would run. It includes abstractions for specifying the data pipeline, the actual data stream (akin to Spark's RDDs), transformation functions, "runners" (the compute engine), and the sources and targets. It's one of a growing number of approaches for flattening the Lambda architecture, so you can combine real time and batch processing (and interactive as well) on the same code base and cluster. While it is still early days, most functions supported by Beam can be executed in Google Cloud Dataflow along with open source Spark, Flink, and Apex engines. The operable notion, write your code once and then run it everywhere (or at least on the compute engine of choice), sounds awfully redolent of Java's original promise. Hopefully Google will be a bit more successful than Sun on this go round. Before breaking into song, keep in mind that just as Apache YARN was spun out of MapReduce, Beam extracts the SDK and dataflow model from Google's own Cloud Dataflow service. On closer inspection, support for the Beam programming model is roughly 70 percent complete across Apache Apex, Flink, and Spark Streaming engines. The biggest gap is with functions dependent on true stream processing (the ability to process one event at time and set discrete time windows), where Spark Streaming's microbatch capabilities either fall short or require workarounds. But as streaming technology is a moving target, Spark's Structured Streaming, part of Spark 2.0, will refactor Spark Streaming so that true streaming will soon be supported, making some of Google's points moot. At the end of the day, this is all about which engine is going to become your frame of reference, or unifier. It's a battle as old as your company's software stack: who is your company's strategic IT supplier? Your database, enterprise application, or infrastructure provider? Now add to that, which is your strategic big data compute engine? What skills will you recruit and train your team on? Each of these compute engines -- Google Cloud Dataflow, Spark, Flink, and Apex, all want to be your one-stop shop. And that's where Beam becomes coopetition with Spark -- it will work with Spark, but theoretically, it will work with other engines. And if successful, it could displace Spark from being your primary on-ramp to big data computing. Spark has had the advantage of head start -- there are hundreds of libraries, not to mention a fast growing skills base. Spark doesn't do everything -- for instance, while it has SQL, engines such as Impala or HAWQ are still more efficient for random access, and interactive query. Has the Spark train already left the station? With Beam, Google wants to give you the option of saying, "not so fast." And of course, Google then rubs it in with benchmarks showing how its own Cloud Dataflow processing beats Spark in performance and coding efficiency (Google's comparison, published roughly a year ago, doesn't yet factor Spark 2.0, or Structured Streaming in particular). For developers, the question is whether they want to learn yet one more layer of abstraction to their coding. On one hand, there's the elusive promise of a common API to streaming engines that in theory should let you mix and match, or swap in and swap out. Google has designed Beam to be portable so you can move streaming workloads to and from Cloud Dataflow itself. But, like any Switzerland-style API, assuring cross-compatibility is the big hurdle. The idea of abstracting logic from execution is hardly new -- it was the dream of SOA. And the recent emergence of microservices and containers shows that the dream still lives on. But the notion of a common API to streaming engines could come in handy given that the market has not settled on any of the engine(s) as default standard. If Beam is successful, it could provide developers a useful way to hedge their bets on streaming engines, but for now, that's a pretty tall order. What's behind the trend of companies moving from public to hybrid cloud: Join Discussion Powered by Livefyre Add your Comment Related Stories Data Management Digital transformation as a data-centric service Big Data Analytics Big Data's 2017: Can more meta thinking free us from current malaise? Big Data Analytics Hands-on with Azure Data Lake: How to get productive fast Big Data Analytics US Commerce Department turns to Tableau, Enigma to help share public data × Thank You Please review our terms of service to complete your newsletter subscription I agree to the Terms of Use, Privacy Policy and Video Services Policy. I understand I will receive a complimentary subscription to TechRepublic's News and Special Offers newsletter, and the Daily Digest newsletter (you can opt out at any time). ACCEPT & CLOSE Newsletters You have been successfully signed up. To sign up for more newsletters or to manage your account, visit the Newsletter Subscription Center. See All See All ZDNet Connect with us © 2017 CBS Interactive. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | Cookies | Ad Choice | Advertise | Terms of Use | Mobile User Agreement Visit other CBS Interactive sites: Select SiteCBS CaresCBS FilmsCBS RadioCBS.comCBSInteractiveCBSNews.comCBSSports.comChowhoundCNETCollege NetworksGameSpotLast.fmMaxPrepsMetacritic.comMoneywatchmySimonRadio.comSearch.comShopper.comShowtimeTechRepublicThe InsiderTV.comUrbanBaby.comZDNet Topics All Authors Galleries Videos About ZDNet Meet The Team Site Map RSS Feeds Reprint Policy Manage | Log Out Log In to ZDNET | Join ZDNet Membership Newsletters Site Assistance
TrustedReviews Facebook Twitter Googleplus TVs & Audio Cameras Computing Mobile Home appliances Gaming MWC 2017 Desktop PCs Internet Laptops Monitors PC Components Peripherals More Printers Software Trending: CES 2017 Apple Watch 2 iPhone 7 Galaxy S7 vs iPhone 6S Google Pixel Galaxy S7 Home / News / Internet News / Google has permanently grounded its Titan internet drones Google has permanently grounded its Titan internet drones by Chris Smith 12 January 2017 0 shares Read Comments Google has confirmed it has halted plans plans use solar-powered drones to bring internet connectivity to barren areas. The Titan initiative actually closed down in early 2016, nearly two years after Google purchased Titan Aerospace in April 2014, Google X revealed. The drone plan was initially designed to complement X’s ongoing Project Loon initiative, which aims to deliver internet access using hot air balloons. In a statement given to 9to5Google, a Google X spokesperson, said Project Loon had become a much more promising way of delivering access to rural areas. Related: What is Google Project Wing? The statement read: "Titan was brought into X in late 2015. We ended our exploration of high altitude unmanned aerial vehicles for internet access shortly after. "By comparison, at this stage the economics and technical feasibility of Project Loon present a much more promising way to connect rural and remote parts of the world." After purchasing Titan, Google had spoke positively about the possibilities of using Titan’s solar-powered drones, which were able to stay in the air for years at a time. Google wanted to use them as ‘atmospheric satellites’ that could bring internet access to millions, aid with disaster relief and even combat environmental damage like deforestation. While Google presses on with Project Loon, the onus will be on Facebook to push ahead with internet drones. The social network was reportedly chasing Titan for its own drone plans before Google stepped in with the credit card. Is the Tesla Model S the ultimate rental car Is the dream of internet carrying drones pie in the sky? Share your thoughts below. 0 shares Read Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Free Newsletter Get TrustedReviews' award-winning reviews, opinions and advice delivered to your inbox for free! By submitting your details, you'll also receive emails from Time Inc. UK, publisher of Trusted Reviews and other iconic brands about its goods and services, and those of its carefully selected third parties. Please tick here if you'd prefer not to hear about: Time Inc.'s goods & services, including all the latest news, great deals and offers Third party goods & services ⩔ Show More Terms & Conditions | Privacy & Cookies Policy More on Trusted Reviews More information - Sitemap| About us| Contact us| Advertise with us Facebook Twitter Googleplus Trusted Reviews is part of the Time Inc. (UK) Ltd Technology Network © Time Inc. (UK) Ltd 2003-2017, All rights reserved| Terms of use| Privacy Policy| Cookie Information Free Newsletter Get TrustedReviews' award-winning reviews and advice delivered to your inbox for free! By submitting your details, you'll also receive emails from Time Inc. UK, publisher of Trusted Reviews and other iconic brands about its goods and services, and those of its carefully selected third parties. Please tick here if you'd prefer not to hear about: Time Inc.'s goods & services, including all the latest news, great deals and offers Third party goods & services ⩔ Show More Terms & Conditions | Privacy & Cookies Policy
TechnoBuffalo Site Navigation Content All News Reviews Videos Galleries Products Giveaways Sections Menu Left Mobile Tablets Gaming Apps Accessories Computers Gadgets Internet Menu Right Business Cameras Cars Design Home & TV Lifestyle Software Science Series Ask The Buffalo Buffalo Gear Guess the Phone Rettinger’s Riffs Rumor Roundup The TechnoBuffalo Show TechnoBuffalo Plays More The Crew About Us News Tips In the News Work at TechnoBuffalo Advertise With Us Facebook Google+ Instagram Pinterest RSS Tumblr Twitter YouTube Scrolling Enable Endless Scrolling Disable Endless Scrolling Share Tweet +1 Submit Front Page /Apps/Mobile/Gallery/Video AppsMobile You can now hail an Uber or Lyft right from Google Maps By Danny Zepeda | January 12, 2017 Share Stay Connected with Us! Follow TechnoBuffalo Google has added features upon features to Google Maps, slowly integrating everything you need to travel in one single app. You can find restaurants, see reviews, look at pictures and get walking distances. You could do almost everything except book an Uber—until now. Today, Google said Maps users can hail ride a without ever having to leave the app using either Uber or Lyft. Previously, a user could get an estimate in Google Maps for an ride, but had to book the ride in the Uber or Lyft app, flip flopping between the two apps. Now, the extra step has been eliminated. When looking up a destination, you now have an extra tab that lets you book a ride. Booking a ride will work just like it does within the Uber app, giving you the option for different options, like UberX and UberXL. The new feature is available in the latest version of Google Maps and is rolling out today to all Android and iOS users. Integration makes everything easier The elimination of one step makes a world of difference. Instead of looking up directions on Google Maps, deciding to take a car and then opening Uber or Lyft to book the ride, you can now do it in just one app, simplifying the experience. Users will be prompted to log into their service of choice in Google Maps (Uber or Lyft), and from there, all of the credit card information will be used when booking a ride. Source Google Topics #Google #Google Maps #Lyft #Uber Danny Zepeda Danny’s interest in writing began with tech, which influenced his career path in college. After graduating from Vanguard University, he began to write for Screen Rant until he joined the… Read More Recent Posts Twitter will stream PBS’ Inauguration coverage on Jan. 20 Google Play Music highlights bands to watch in 2017 JRPGs on the Nintendo Switch – What do we have to look forward to? Our Crew | About Us | Contact Us © 2017 TechnoBuffalo LLC. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy | Terms of Use
Benzinga Benzinga Pro Marketfy Financial Data & APIs Fintech Awards Membership is Free What are you waiting for? Sign up now! Username: Username available! Username taken! Email: Email available! Email taken! Password: Leave blank: OR Free Account Login Click here to access your premium account Username or email: Password: OR Forgot password?' Looking for ? CLICK HERE Contribute Login Sign up Benzinga - Feed Your Mind. Home Best of Benzinga Careers About Contact Us Partners Benzinga Fintech Awards News Earnings Guidance Dividends M&A Buybacks Legal Interviews Management Retail Sales Offerings IPOs Insider Trades Biotech/FDA Markets Pre-Market After Hours Movers Forex Commodities Options Binary Options Bonds Futures Global Economics Previews Reviews Small-Cap Ratings Analyst Color Downgrades Upgrades Initiations Price Target Ideas Long Ideas Short Ideas Technicals From The Press Jim Cramer Rumors ETFs Tech Start-Ups Fintech Personal Finance Premium Products My Watchlist Earnings Guidance Dividends M&A Buybacks Legal Interviews Management Retail Sales Offerings IPOs Insider Trades Biotech/FDA Market Overview Tickers Articles Keywords Search by keyword...googlecse You Can Now Book An Uber Directly In Google Maps Brett Hershman , Benzinga Staff Writer     {{following ? "Following" : "Follow"}} January 12, 2017 3:55pm   Comments Share: Related GOOG The Program For Trading Like A Hedge Fund Is Americans' Involvement In Politics Increasing? Google, Applied Materials, Japan among early picks at Barron's Roundtable (Seeking Alpha) Related GOOGL The Program For Trading Like A Hedge Fund Is Americans' Involvement In Politics Increasing? Apple, Google, Netflix Are In Buy Range; Amazon, Facebook Near Breakouts (Investor's Business Daily) Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ: GOOG) (NASDAQ: GOOGL) is ringing in the new year with a great new addition to Google Maps, allowing users to book an Uber or Lyft directly through Maps. According to Google's blog post, when opening the updated version of Google Maps under the ride-sharing tab, users will be able to see all the Uber and Lyft options in their area and compare costs. Google's commitment to Uber should come as no surprise, as Uber is one of the company's biggest investments. The ability to book an Uber ride without ever having to leave Google Maps is a beneficial integration for all parties involved, as Uber and Google look to make it easier than ever to book the ride-hailing service. How It Works Once a user is signed into Google, they will be able to do everything on Google maps that was once only available via the app. The integration with Google Maps enhances the user experience, allowing them to look at information about a destination while en route, utilizing the capabilities of Maps combined with the convenience of Uber. Google Maps has evolved into much more than just a GPS service; alongside the new Uber Integration, users can now reserve a table at a restaurant, book classes and order delivery all in one place. Image Credit: By Canadian Film Centre from Toronto, Canada - CFC Annual BBQ Fundraiser 2014, CC BY 2.0, via Wikimedia Commons Posted-In: Google Maps Lyft UberNews Travel Tech Media General Best of Benzinga © 2017 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved.   Related Articles (GOOG + GOOGL) The Program For Trading Like A Hedge Fund Is Americans' Involvement In Politics Increasing? How To Value CBS In Light Of Radio Segment Spinoff Alphabet, AK Steel And Goldman Sachs: Fast Money Picks For January 12 What Would It Mean If The AT&T-Time Warner Deal Were To Fall Apart? From The Driver's Seat At Detroit's NAIAS: Ford And Toyota Steal Day One's Spotlight View Comments and Join the Discussion! View the discussion thread. Sign up for email alerts on GOOG Trending Recent 1 JPM, KO: The Program For Trading Like A Hedge Fund 2 SPX, SPY: How Animal Spirits Will Affect The Market In 2017 1 JPM, GOOG: The Program For Trading Like A Hedge Fund 2 SPY, SPX: How Animal Spirits Will Affect The Market In 2017 3 PODD, DXCM: DexCom Jumps 25% As It Becomes Only Continuous Glucos... 4 AAPL: Apple's AirPod Success: Headphone Users Show... 5 SPY: Lessons To Learn From George Soros' $1 Bi... 6 AMZN, KKR: Greek Philosophy, Tough Guys, And Rub... 7 NTDOY, NTODY: How Nintendo's Last... View upcoming Earnings, Ratings, Dividend and Economic Calendars. Benzinga Benzinga is a fast-growing, dynamic and innovative financial media outlet that empowers investors with high-quality, unique content. Popular Channels Analyst Ratings Be Your Own Boss ETFs Economics Forex Hot News Options Press Releases Start-ups Tech Tools & Features Affiliate Program Premarket Prep Feeds News Widget Real Time Feed Sitemap Submit News Tips About Benzinga About Us Licensing and APIs Apps (iOS and Android) Fintech Awards Blog In the News Careers Contact Us Disclaimer Privacy Policy Syndication Terms and Conditions Benzinga Partners 1 (877) 440-9464 (ZING) © Copyright Benzinga Benzinga - Feed Your Mind News Markets Ratings Ideas Tech Small-Cap Personal Finance Premium Products The Difference Between Mylan's EpiPen And Generic Offerings Signet Jewelers May Have Just Lost A Major, Long-Time Shareholder
Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn Instagram YouTube RSS Skip to content SEO News Paid Search Content Marketing Social Media SEJ SUMMIT Tools Advertise Google Recommends No Longer Using the Link: Operator News· SEO January 12, 2017 News SEO Matt SouthernJanuary 12, 2017 SEJ STAFF 363SHARES 1.7KREADS 363SHARES 1.7KREADS SEJ STAFFMatt Southern 363SHARES 1.7KREADS Google’s John Mueller recommends users no longer use the ‘link:’ operator. @kunjan_13 @methode @rustybrick would probably tell you not to use the link operator in search. 🤷 — John ☆.o(≧▽≦)o.☆ (@JohnMu) January 11, 2017 At one time, the command could be used to find pages linking to a specific URL. For example, if you entered “link:searchenginejournal.com” into Google search it would return a list of pages pointing to that domain. Not only has John Mueller recommended no longer using the command, but it appears to no longer be working at all the way it used to. Interestingly enough, Google’s own Search Console help document regarding links to your site has not been updated to reflect these changes. Here’s what the document currently has to say about the link operator: “To find a sampling of links to any site, you can perform a Google search using the link: operator. For instance, [link:www.google.com] will list a selection of the web pages that have links pointing to the Google home page. Note there can be no space between the “link:” and the web page URL.” So, what’s the deal? Heeding Mueller’s advice is generally a good idea, but perhaps the advice should be relayed to whomever is in charge of updating Google help center documents. Providing contradicting information can be quite confusing to webmasters. Google’s link operator was never an efficient way to analyze backlinks in the first place. Google’s own Matt Cutts stated as much in an old video, admitting the link operator was only designed to return a small sampling of backlinks to prevent SEOs from reverse engineering another site’s rankings. ”The short answer is that historically, we only had room for a very small percentage of backlinks because web search was the main part and we didn’t have a ton of servers for link colon queries and so, we have doubled or increased the amount of backlinks that we show over time for link colon, but it is still a sub-sample. It’s a relatively small percentage. And I think that that’s a pretty good balance, because if you just automatically show a ton of backlinks for any website then spammers or competitors can use that to try to reverse engineer someone’s rankings.” For an accurate report of links pointing to your own site, Google currently and has always recommended using the ‘Links to Your Site’ report in Search Console underneath the Search Traffic category. Related Posts Google AdSense Ads No Longer Allowed on Fake News Sites Google Announces it Will No Longer “Trust” China’s Official Web Registrar “OK Google” No Longer OK on Chrome For Desktop Google Confirms No Loss in Link Authority on HTTPS Implementation ADVERTISEMENT Bio Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Latest Posts Matt Southern Lead News Writer at Search Engine Journal Matt Southern has been the lead news writer at Search Engine Journal since 2013. His passion for helping people in all aspects of online marketing... Read Full Bio @MattGSouthern +Matt Southern Latest posts by Matt Southern (see all) Book an Uber Ride Directly in Google Maps on iOS and Android - January 12, 2017 WordPress 4.7.1 Security Release Available, Immediate Update Recommended - January 12, 2017 Google Recommends No Longer Using the Link: Operator - January 12, 2017 Download: The Beginner's Guide to SEO A Complete Guide to Getting Started in SEO. Invalid email address.   Subscribe to SEJ Get our weekly newsletter from SEJ's Founder Loren Baker about the latest news in the industry! Email: SEJ Summit 2017 Upcoming Event: Chicago See all SEJ Summit Conferences #SEJThinktank Webinar The Top Backlink Profiles of 2017 & How They Were Built Wed. January 25th, 2 PM EasternSee all SEJ Marketing Webinars Marketing Nerds Podcast Noelle Federico on How to Really Stand Out on Instagram See all SEJ Marketing Nerds Podcasts New! Download your copy now READ SEJ ON NEWSSTAND FOLLOW SEJ ON TWITTER Follow @sejournal Popular Posts 1 10 Ways to Get Ready for Google’s Mobile Interstitials Penalty on January 10th 23.9K reads 1/9/2017 2 101 Quick & Actionable SEO Tips That Are HUGE 10.1K reads 12/22/2016 3 7 White Hat SEO Techniques to Double Traffic in 2017 9.8K reads 1/1/2017 4 Big 2017 Social Media Marketing Trends You Need to Know 8.4K reads 12/20/2016 5 11 Black Hat Techniques That Can Kill an SEO Campaign 6.8K reads 12/25/2016See All Popular Posts Featured Video Popular Authors 1 Gillon Hunter Twitter Facebook LinkedIn 22 Gmail Hacks: Turn Your Inbox Into a Productivity Powerhouse 2 Christopher Hart Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Stop Looking at Keyword Search Volume (And Look Here Instead) 3 Joe Howard Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn 11 Black Hat Techniques That Can Kill an SEO Campaign 4 Larry Kim Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn 6 SEO Experiments That Will Blow Your Mind 5 Sergey Grybniak Twitter Facebook LinkedIn 5 Silly SEO Mistakes That Even Professional Marketers Make SEJ Executive Editor Profile Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn Kelsey Jones Latest Post How to Capitalize on Social Media User Mistakes [X]REGISTER SEJ has been featured in Search Engine Journal is dedicated to producing the latest search news, the best guides and how-tos for the SEO and marketer community. Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn YouTube Pinterest RSS Home Jobs Write for SEJ About Contact Privacy Policy Initiatives Advertise Copyright 2017 Search Engine Journal. Published by Alpha Brand Media, all rights reserved.
TechRadar The source for Tech Buying Advice Search RSS Reviews How To Phones TVs Laptops Deals Photography More Car Tech Wearables Tablets Components Audiovisual Gaming Computing Downloads News Pro Trending Buying Guides Nintendo Switch iPhone 8 Samsung Galaxy S8 MacBook Pro MWC 2017 iOS 10.2 News Google brings machine learning to deliver sharper low res images Google brings machine learning to deliver sharper low res images By Phil Hall Cameras   Machine learning for sharper images Shares Slipping under the radar late last year was the potentially groundbreaking news that Google has come-up with a very clever way to deliver higher-quality versions of low resolution images. The technology is called RAISR (an abbreviation of Rapid and Accurate Image Super-Resolution since you ask) and it uses machine learning to produce what Google believes to be comparable or better results than other current super-resolution methods, while being between 10-100 faster at rendering as well.  Whereas upsampling demands a larger file size with more pixels to attempt to get a higher quality image from a low-res file, it can still be quite ineffective at improving detail.  Sharp shooting RAISR works differently, using machine learning to train on pairs of images - one low quality, one high. It then finds filters that when selectively applied to each pixel of the low-res image, manages to deliver results that Google reckons is comparable in quality to the original higher-res image.  The filters in question are edge features found in small patches of the image - a little bit like image sharpening, with brightness/color gradients, flat/textured regions and the angle of an edge some of the elements taken into consideration.  Original low-res image left, with RAISR applied right Having learned from a database of more than 10,000 low- and high-res images, RAISR selects and applies these filters to other images. There's more though, -Google looks like it has cracked aliasing artefacts with RAISR as the image below shows, while it also believes the filter learning approach used by RAISR has the potential to remove image noise. Strong aliasing has be virtually removed If this is the case, RAISR could be a huge development in image engineering. The way RAISR can deliver better quality low-res images is very impressive. In fact, if you use Google+, you've probably already used it as Google is applying it to over 1 billion images a week to reduce loading speeds - instead of viewing a large image file, Google+ requests images at just a quarter of the size before using RAISR to enhance the quality.  Perhaps though for photographers, it's the hint that this clever technology will be able to potentially eliminate noise from images that's going to get them most excited. We'll have to watch this space to see how this technology advances.  Best image editing software ABOUT THE AUTHOR Phil Hall Photography Editor With over ten years experience writing about cameras and photography, Phil is TechRadar's Photography Editor, writing and overseeing reviews of the latest camera gear, as well as looking after the photography tutorials and techniques you see here. Related news Astronauts on deep space Mars missions might go mad before reaching the red planet Best free Android games 2017 Microsoft set to rule the world of collaborative chat apps Best Android games 2017: our top picks See more Cameras news Load Comments Tech deals, prizes and latest news Get the best tech deals, reviews, product advice, competitions, unmissable tech news and more! No spam, we promise. You can unsubscribe at any time and we'll never share your details without your permission. Most Popular Most Shared 1 Virgin Media Super Hub 3 review 2 Nintendo Switch review 3 Samsung Galaxy S8: release date and everything you should know 4 iPhone 8 release date, news and rumors 5 Best cheap phones 2017: our top budget mobiles 1 Are these videos a sneak preview of the Samsung Galaxy S8? 2 Nintendo Switch review 3 All the Nintendo Switch games coming at launch and beyond 4 MacBook Pro earns Consumer Reports recommendation after battery bug fix 5 Your Apple Watch becomes a mini Macintosh with this charging stand TechRadar is part of Future plc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. Visit our corporate site. Terms and conditions Privacy policy Cookies policy Advertise with us © Future Publishing Limited Quay House, The Ambury, Bath BA1 1UA. All rights reserved. England and Wales company registration number 2008885.
NEWS l l CHANNELS GamesBeat AR/VR Big Data Bots Business Cloud Dev Enterprise Entrepreneur Esports Marketing Media Mobile PC Gaming Security Social Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Multimedia Advertise EVENTS l l VB EVENTS Upcoming Events GET INVOLVED Sponsor Speaker Media Partner Volunteer Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Multimedia Advertise RESEARCH l l CATEGORIES Marketing Tech Mobile Gaming Miscellaneous LEARN MORE VB Top Ten Subscription Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Multimedia Advertise Go! ‹ NEWS › CHANNELS GamesBeat Entrepreneur AR/VR Esports Big Data Marketing Bots Media Business Mobile Cloud PC Gaming Dev Security Enterprise Social ‹ EVENTS › VB EVENTS Upcoming Events GET INVOLVED Sponsor Media Partner Speaker Volunteer ‹ RESEARCH › CATEGORIES Marketing Tech Gaming Mobile Miscellaneous LEARN MORE VB Top Ten Subscription ‹ VENTUREBEAT › About Advertise Careers Contact Multimedia Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Follow us on social: MOBILE Cloudflare now lets customers show fast-loading Accelerated Mobile Links on their sites Jordan Novet@jordannovet January 12, 2017 12:42 PM Tags: Accelerated Mobile Pages Project, Alphabet, CloudFlare Above: An example of an Accelerated Mobile Link from Cloudflare's own blog. Image Credit: Jordan Novet/VentureBeat Cloudflare, a startup offering a content distribution network (CDN) and distributed denial of service (DDoS) mitigation services for websites, today announced that its customers can now choose to implement a technology called Accelerated Mobile Links on their websites, free of charge. The feature lets people quickly view links to fast-loading Accelerated Mobile Pages (AMPs) from mobile sites and then quickly bounce back to the original mobile sites. This is a fascinating non-Google implementation of the AMP technology that Google introduced in 2015. Google drives people to AMPs from Google Search on mobile devices, among other services. Many media outlets and other companies that operate websites, like eBay, have started making their sites compatible with AMP so that they show up quickly on mobile and consume less data. Cloudflare has gone further — when people click one of these Accelerated Mobile Links (as indicated by the signature lightning bolt icon in a circle), a viewer pops up to display the AMP page, and after reading it, people can hit the little X in the top left corner to return to where they were. But not only that. “For large publishers that want an even more branded experience, Cloudflare will offer the ability to customize the domain of the viewer to match the publisher’s domain. This, for the first time, provides a seamless experience where AMP content can be consumed without having to send visitors to a Google owned domain,” Cloudflare cofounder and CEO Matthew Prince wrote in a blog post. This could very well fix one of the occasional gripes with AMP — that the URL can look to some like a Google URL, as opposed to, say, a news organization’s website. Cloudflare now “powers the only compliant non-Google AMP cache,” Prince wrote — and the company will come out with more AMP features in the future, he added. Facebook offers fast-loading Instant Articles in its apps, but the underlying software is proprietary, unlike AMP. ABOUT CONTACT CAREERS ADVERTISE Terms of Service Privacy Policy © 2017 VentureBeat. All rights reserved.
Menu Topics Biomedicine Business Computing Energy Mobile Robotics 10 Breakthrough Technologies 35 Innovators Under 35 50 Smartest Companies Views Views from the Marketplace Top Stories Magazine Events More Events Special Publications MIT News Magazine Help/Support Log in / Register Subscribe Log in / Register Search Click search or press enter Robotics Robot Cars Can Learn to Drive without Leaving the Garage Playing video games and surfing Google Street View can teach software a lot about driving. by Will Knight January 12, 2017 The computers that control self-driving cars are gaining valuable knowledge about the real world in some surprising ways—including browsing online maps and playing video games. Researchers at Princeton University recently developed a computer vision and mapping system that gathered useful information about the physical properties of roads by studying Google Street View and comparing the scenes to the information provided in open-source mapping data. This allowed it to, for example, learn where the edges of an intersection should be based on images captured by Google’s mapping cars. In separate work revealed Wednesday, researchers at OpenAI, a nonprofit focused on fundamental AI research, created a way to have software agents learn driving strategy by experimenting in the video game Grand Theft Auto V, through a platform known as Universe. Some video games are now so visually realistic that they can let a computer vision learn about the real world (see “Self-Driving Cars Can Learn a Lot by Playing Grand Theft Auto”). New approaches to training self-driving cars may help democratize the technology, and make it more reliable. Self-driving cars were everywhere at this year’s Consumer Electronics Show in Las Vegas, and the technology is front at center at the North American Auto Show in Detroit, which started this week. But not everyone has the resources of Ford, Google, or Uber, and automated vehicles still struggle in many situations (see “What to Know Before You Get in a Self-Driving Car”). So some researchers are coming up with creative ways to gather the data and train driving systems. There are even efforts to open source the technology required for automated driving. The Princeton researchers mined Google Street View and OpenStreetMap for their data. Road features in Google Street View images are sometimes occluded by a vehicle, someone crossing the road, or something else, so the system had to learn to recognize, and then discard, such artifacts. The researchers tested their system on new images and found that it could discern road features fairly accurately. They say it could offer a way to bootstrap a self-driving system with some of the basic knowledge required to navigate ordinary roads. The researchers trained their system using 150,000 Street View panoramas. Its accuracy should improve as the training data set grows, says Ari Seff, a graduate student at Princeton who developed the system with Jianxiong Xiao, a professor who recently left the university to found an automotive startup called AutoX.ai. “The manual creation of high-definition 3-D maps for autonomous driving is tedious and expensive,” says John Leonard, a professor at MIT’s CSAIL, who specializes in mapping and automated driving. “If this process can be automated using deep networks that operate on large public databases, this would be a big win for self-driving technology.” The approach also offers a way to train a system to recognize situations that a real self-driving car may only encounter rarely, like a very complex intersection. “These models could potentially be used as part of a backup system in autonomous vehicles, corroborating the information provided by pre-scanned 3-D maps. However, we have not yet tested this in a real vehicle,” Seff says. The researchers also suggest that their system could provide a warning about road infrastructure—for example, if the system concludes that a street looks as if it is one-way when it isn’t, then the signage may need to be updated. The limitations are that the system cannot identify objects that aren’t identified in a map, like pedestrians or other vehicles, and it isn’t accurate enough to localize a car very precisely. “Learning this from Google Street View is a good idea,” says Craig Quiter, an engineer at Otto, a company that makes self-driving trucks and which was acquired by Uber last year. “The outputs don't contain enough to drive a car with, but definitely are helpful along with other perception as input to a planner.” Quiter developed the Grand Theft Auto V while working as a contractor for OpenAI last year. The game can train software to recognize elements of the real world. “GTA V gives researchers access to a rich, diverse world for testing and developing AI,” Quiter writes in a blog post published by OpenAI. “Its island setting is almost one-fifth the size of Los Angeles, giving access to a broad range of scenarios to test systems. Add to that the 257 different vehicles, seven types of bicycles, and 14 weather types, and it’s possible to explore a huge number of permutations using a single simulator.” Through Universe, an agent can also develop a driving strategy by experimenting within the game and refining its own behavior as it achieves certain goals, an approach known as reinforcement learning (see “A New Tool Lets AI Learn to Do Almost Anything on a Computer”). Quiter added in an e-mail that by releasing the technology required for automated driving, researchers and companies can democratize it. “I think it just got way easier to test self-driving car AI,” he says. Gain the insight you need on digital technologies at EmTech Digital. Register now Tagged Princeton, Google, EmTech Digital 2017, MIT Technology Review Events, Google Street View, Open-air Credit Illustration by Jordan Speer Will Knight Senior Editor, AI I am the senior editor for AI at MIT Technology Review. I mainly cover machine intelligence, robots, and automation, but I’m interested in most aspects of computing. I grew up in south London, and I wrote my first line of code (a spell-binding… More infinite loop) on a mighty Sinclair ZX Spectrum. Before joining this publication, I worked as the online editor at New Scientist magazine. If you’d like to get in touch, please send an e-mail to will.knight@technologyreview.com. READ COMMENTS Please read our commenting guidelines. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Subscribe to Continue Reading Uh oh–you've read all five of your free articles for this month. Become an Insider for unlimited access to online stories for less than $15 per month. Insider Premium $179.95/yr US PRICE Subscribe See international, alumni and other pricing options Already an Insider? Log in. Have a magazine subscription? Activate your Insider account. More from Robotics Smart machines are beginning to speak to us and act on their own. The Best of the Physics arXiv (week ending January 14, 2017) This week’s most thought-provoking papers from the Physics arXiv. by Emerging Technology from the arXiv Poker Is the Latest Game to Fold Against Artificial Intelligence Two research groups have developed poker-playing AI programs that show how computers can out-hustle the best humans. by Will Knight How Much Force Do Bacteria Produce? It’s Now Been Measured The results suggest that bacteria could one day be harnessed as micrometer-sized machines. by Emerging Technology from the arXiv More from Robotics From Our Advertisers Presented by IEEE Collabratec The Connected City: Trends and Developments Driving Smart City Innovation Sponsored by Lenovo Trend Roundup: Data Storage and the Cloud In partnership with Dynatrace Emerging Trend Analysis: What is Digital Performance Management? Want more award-winning journalism? Subscribe and become an Insider. Insider Premium {! insider.prices.premium !}* {! insider.display.menuOptionsLabel !} Our award winning magazine, unlimited access to our story archive, special discounts to MIT Technology Review Events, and exclusive content. {! insider.buttons.premium.buttonText !} See details+ What's Included Bimonthly home delivery and unlimited 24/7 access to MIT Technology Review’s website. The Download. Our daily newsletter of what's important in technology and innovation. Access to the Magazine archive. Over 24,000 articles going back to 1899 at your fingertips. Special Discounts to select partner offerings Discount to MIT Technology Review events Ad-free web experience First Look. Exclusive early access to stories. Insider Conversations. Join in and ask questions as our editors talk to innovators from around the world. Insider Plus {! insider.prices.plus !}* Best Value {! insider.display.menuOptionsLabel !} Everything included in Insider Basic, plus ad-free web experience, select discounts to partner offerings and MIT Technology Review events {! insider.buttons.plus.buttonText !} See details+ What's Included Bimonthly home delivery and unlimited 24/7 access to MIT Technology Review’s website. The Download. Our daily newsletter of what's important in technology and innovation. Access to the Magazine archive. Over 24,000 articles going back to 1899 at your fingertips. Special Discounts to select partner offerings Discount to MIT Technology Review events Ad-free web experience Insider Basic {! insider.prices.basic !}* {! insider.display.menuOptionsLabel !} Six issues of our award winning magazine and daily delivery of The Download, our newsletter of what’s important in technology and innovation. {! insider.buttons.basic.buttonText !} See details+ What's Included Bimonthly home delivery and unlimited 24/7 access to MIT Technology Review’s website. The Download. Our daily newsletter of what's important in technology and innovation. * {! insider.display.footerLabel !} See international prices See U.S. prices Revert to MIT Enterprise Forum pricing Revert to standard pricing The Download What's important in technology and innovation, delivered to you every day. Follow us Twitter Facebook RSS   The mission of MIT Technology Review is to equip its audiences with the intelligence to understand a world shaped by technology. Browse International Editions Company About Us Careers Advertise with Us Reprints and Permissions Press Room Your Account Log In / Create Account Newsletters Manage Account Manage Subscription Customer Support Help/FAQs Contact Us Feedback Sitemap More Events MIT Enterprise Forum MIT News Policies Ethics Statement Terms of Service Privacy Commenting Guidelines MIT Technology Review © 2016 v.|eiπ| You've read of free articles this month. Subscribe Become an Insider or Sign in for unlimited access  to online articles .
TechRepublic Search GO CXO Cloud Big Data Security Innovation More Software Data Centers Networking Startups Tech & Work All Topics Sections: Photos Videos All Writers Newsletters Forums Resource Library Tech Pro Free Trial Editions: US United States Australia United Kingdom Japan Newsletters Forums Resource Library Tech Pro Free Trial Membership Membership My Profile People Subscriptions My stuff Preferences Send a message Log Out TechRepublic Search GO Topics: CXO Cloud Big Data Security Innovation Software Data Centers Networking Startups Tech & Work All Topics Sections: Photos Videos All Writers Newsletters Forums Resource Library Tech Pro Free Trial Editions: US United States Australia United Kingdom Japan Membership Membership My Profile People Subscriptions My stuff Preferences Send a message Log Out Innovation Amazon Alexa: The smart person's guide Amazon Alexa is the leading digital assistant on the market. Find out more about this machine-learning innovation with our Alexa smart person's guide. By Brandon Vigliarolo | January 12, 2017, 11:24 AM PST RSS Comments Facebook Linkedin Twitter More Email Print Reddit Delicious Digg Pinterest Stumbleupon Google Plus First came the computer. Then the network emerged, allowing multiple devices in the same location to share information. From there the internet evolved, giving humanity the ability to store, sort, and find information with nothing but a typed request. All signs point to the digital assistants being the next revolution in computing. iPhones have Siri, Google has Assistant, Microsoft has Cortana, and Amazon has Alexa, and all of them can get you results with nothing but a voice command. CES 2017 gave us a clear leader in the war for digital assistant supremacy: Alexa. Integrations and partnerships with Amazon were everywhere on the showroom floor, which leaves many people wondering just what Alexa is. More about Innovation 6 ways cities will become smarter in 2017 Artificial intelligence: The 3 big trends to watch in 2017 9 IoT global trends for 2017 Subscribe to TechRepublic's Next Big Thing newsletter TechRepublic's smart person's guide about Amazon Alexa is a quick introduction to this digital assistant, as well as a "living" guide that will be updated periodically as new versions are released. SEE: Check out all of TechRepublic's smart person's guides. Executive summary What is Alexa? Alexa is Amazon's digital assistant, first launched in 2014 along with the Amazon Echo. Alexa can provide results for web searches, order products from Amazon, and act as a hub for compatible IoT devices. Why does Alexa matter? Amazon Alexa is a prime example of machine learning in action and is one of the most successful applications of consumer-based use of new advances in artificial intelligence. Systems like Alexa are an early sign of a massive shift in how we interact with machines. Who does Alexa affect? Alexa primarily affects consumers who use it in an Echo or other Alexa-based device, but it affects competitors as well. Microsoft, Google, and Apple all have digital assistants that are being forced to play catch up with Amazon. When is Alexa happening? Alexa has been available to the general public since 2015. Amazon recently made Alexa's API available to developers, allowing for integration in non-Amazon devices. How do I start using Alexa? The best way to start using Alexa is by buying a device it runs on. There are several vendors available and features vary along with price. What is Alexa? Alexa is an intelligent personal assistant that makes use of machine learning and artificial intelligence. It is designed to be always on and woken with a voice command. Alexa can perform web searches, create calendar events, modify lists and notes, order products, play music, and perform dozens of other tasks. When you speak to Alexa it uses natural language learning and speech recognition to transmit your request to Amazon's servers, which is where the real work is done. Machine learning software processes the spoken request and sends a response back to Alexa, all in a matter of seconds. An Amazon Echo unit, or any other supported device, comes with basic features out of the box. Amazon's Alexa skills store offers hundreds of additional capabilities, allowing it to play games, request an Uber, add items to your grocery list, get recipes, find out if something is recyclable, or even get random cat facts. Additional resources Amazon Echo teardown: A smart speaker powered by Amazon's cloud (TechRepublic) Which smart speaker should you buy? Amazon Echo or Google Home? (ZDNet) Amazon bets big on Las Vegas, rolling out nearly 5,000 Echo units to hotel rooms (TechRepublic) Amazon Echo review: Alexa is the first digital assistant that is actually helpful (ZDNet) AP Explains: How Amazon Echo listens and what it stores (CBS News) Why does Alexa matter? Digital assistants like Alexa are leading the AI and machine learning revolution currently underway in consumer tech. Humans traditionally interact with computers through typing or touch, and up until recently voice recognition was spotty at best, as anyone who tried using it on Windows XP likely knows. The past decade has brought enormous leaps in machine learning and speech recognition, which has finally made it a viable consumer product. Amazon and Alexa have jumped to the front of the pack by opening their API for integration into third-party apps and hardware. With Alexa sales surpassing five million units in late 2016 it's safe to say it's everywhere, and it's actively changing how we see and use the internet and computers in daily life. Additional resources Video: How Amazon Echo and other tech are improving quality of life for seniors (TechRepublic) Amazon Echo: The four hard problems Amazon had to solve to make it work (ZDNet) Amazon goes all-in on AI and big data at AWS re:Invent 2016 (TechRepublic) Amazon's Alexa: Four reasons she isn't going to take over the world (yet) (ZDNet) Are consumers ready for homes that listen to them? (CBS News) Who does Alexa affect? Alexa affects two groups of people: Consumers and competitors. How it affects these two groups, however, is very different. Amazon designed Alexa to be a digital assistant, an IoT hub, an entertainment device, and a web searcher. All of those possibilities in one audio-only device completely changes how the average person interacts with technology. Consumers with sophisticated smart home setups can use Alexa to turn on lights, adjust the temperature, do laundry, turn on the oven—there are simply too many possible integrations to mention here. The sheer number of Alexa integrations also puts competitors in the hot seat: Google, Apple, and Microsoft haven't captured nearly as much of the digital assistant marketplace as Alexa has, most of which it has done in the past year. The only other digital assistant to function as a standalone unit is Google Home, but Google has yet to completely open the door to third parties. Actions on Google, the development platform for Google Home, is open to developers, but there isn't currently a date for opening an app store so users can download third-party Actions. Apple and Microsoft are completely out of the IoT hub game right now, and if they plan on leveraging Siri and Cortana as competitors to Alexa they need to step up: Time is running out and Alexa is soon going to become synonymous with IoT digital assistants. Additional resources What was Amazon's Alexa up to on Thanksgiving Day? (TechRepublic) Amazon Echo and Google Home: Where the real battleground lies (ZDNet) CES 2017: LG unveils digital assistant Hub Robot, sets to compete with Amazon Echo and Google Home (TechRepublic) Report: Apple's answer to the Amazon Echo inches closer to reality (ZDNet) TV news anchor's report accidentally sets off viewers' Amazon's Echo Dots (CBS News) When is Alexa happening? Alexa first launched on the Amazon Echo in November 2014. The Echo, and Alexa with it, was initially only available to invited Amazon Prime members. General release for the Echo and Alexa was June of 2015. CES 2017 brought a whole host of new Alexa integrations and third-party products, with many analysts saying Amazon was the dominant force at the show. Alexa may have launched in 2014, but 2017 is the year it's likely to be a runaway hit. Additional resources Amazon boasts new $50 Echo Dot, expands Alexa to UK and Germany (TechRepublic) Amazon to release Echo speaker with 7-inch display in 2017: Report (ZDNet) Amazon Alexa will now talk to GE's connected appliances in smart home push (TechRepublic) Amazon Echo: It's the most used gadget in my home (ZDNet) Can Amazon Echo data be used as evidence in murder case? (CBS News) How do I start using Alexa? Amazon Alexa is available on the Echo, Echo Dot, and Tap, which are all Amazon products. Several third-party units were announced at CES 2017, meaning you won't necessarily need to buy an Amazon-branded unit in the future. Don't get confused by the presence of Alexa apps in Google Play or the Apple App Store: Those are just hubs for controlling Echo units. If you want to see what Alexa is like without buying a speaker you can head over to Amazon's Echosim.io site. Logging in with your Amazon account takes you to a page where you can try voice commands out without needing to spend $50. The best way to use Alexa is to buy an Echo or one of the third-party products that function the same way. Additional resources Amazon's free Alexa API is a boon for developers (TechRepublic) How to use the Amazon Echo and why you should get one (ZDNet) 15 ways Amazon is shaping the future of consumer technology (TechRepublic) Amazon Echo: 6 interesting Alexa skills to try with your new speaker (ZDNet) 6-year-old orders $160 dollhouse, 4 pounds of cookies with Amazon's Echo Dot (CBS News) Alexa is just one of the products competing to be the Next Big Thing. Keep up on all the innovation headlines by subscribing to our newsletter. Subscribe Comments Facebook Linkedin Twitter More Email Print Reddit Delicious Digg Pinterest Stumbleupon Google Plus About Brandon Vigliarolo Brandon writes about apps and software for TechRepublic. He's an award-winning feature writer who previously worked as an IT professional and served as an MP in the US Army. Full Bio Contact Disclosure See all of Brandon's content bviglia × Disclosure Brandon Vigliarolo has nothing to disclose. He does not hold investments in the technology companies he covers. × Full Bio Brandon writes about apps and software for TechRepublic. He's an award-winning feature writer who previously worked as an IT professional and served as an MP in the US Army. Powered by Livefyre Add your Comment Editor's Picks Inside Amazon's clickworker platform: How half a million people are paid pennies to train AI How K9s became a secret weapon for solving high-tech crimes How driverless cars will be the first robots we learn to trust #WeAreNotWaiting: Diabetics are hacking their health Free Newsletters, In your Inbox Tech News You Can Use We deliver the top business tech news stories about the companies, the people, and the products revolutionizing the planet. Delivered Daily Subscribe Best of the Week Our editors highlight the TechRepublic articles, galleries, and videos that you absolutely cannot miss to stay current on the latest IT news, innovations, and tips. Delivered Fridays Subscribe Latest From Tech Pro Research Severance policy Research: 3D Printing 2017: Benefits, trends, enterprise applications IT leader’s guide to the Dark Web Hiring kit: Robotics engineer Services About Us Membership Newsletters RSS Feeds Site Map Site Help & Feedback FAQ Advertise Reprint Policy Explore Blogs Downloads TechRepublic Forums Meet the Team Tech Pro Research Resource Library Photos Videos © 2017 CBS Interactive. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | Cookies | Ad Choice | Terms of Use | Mobile User Agreement A ZDNet site | Visit other CBS Interactive sites: Select SiteCBS CaresCBS FilmsCBS RadioCBS.comCBS InteractiveCBSNews.comCBSSports.comChowhoundClickerCNETCollege NetworkGameSpotLast.fmMaxPrepsMetacritic.comMoneywatchmySimonRadio.comSearch.comShopper.comShowtimeTech Pro ResearchTechRepublicThe InsiderTV.comUrbanBaby.comZDNet
GSMArena.com Tip us 848k 113k 86k 164k RSS Log in Login with Facebook Google Sign up Home News Reviews Blog Phone Finder Tools Glossary Coverage FAQ Contact Twice as bright LG V20 review - - - Google Maps update lets you book an Uber ride without switching apps Post your comment Comments (3) Vlad, 12 January 2017 Google Android iOS Mobile software Google is announcing a new update to its Maps app for Android and iOS. The newest version of the app brings with it a revamped ride services menu, expanding upon the functionality it initially introduced last year. From this point on, when you open ride services mode, you'll see a map with a carousel of providers in your area. Tapping on any such provider will reveal a complete list of ride options, estimated fares, as well as special offers and promotions from each service. Ride services mode in Google Maps: old (left) vs. new (right) On top of that, you can now order an Uber straight from the Google Maps app, without ever having to jump to the Uber app. In fact, you don't even have to have the Uber app installed on your device for this to work. Just sign into your Uber account in Google Maps, or create one. Then you can book a ride, track the driver on the map, as well as connect to him or her - all inside Google Maps. And while you're on route, you can check out information about your destination - menus, opening hours, and other details are only a swipe away. This is a pretty surprising level of integration, and it could make many fans of the Maps app simply stop using the Uber app altogether, since the functionality is pretty much on par when it comes to ride-hailing but Maps obviously has many other uses too. Source | Via Related articles Google Maps adds support for more ride hailing apps Google says device makers must support Nougat's new notification features Froyo finally dies in Google's latest Android platform distribution chart Google is pulling the plug on the Hangouts API and third-party app support Reader comments Shaun Moroz 0@p2 13 Jan 2017 Lyft and Uber, great - but what about Gett? Reply random access ONE v{uH 13 Jan 2017 iOS 10 had this first Reply btrbti X}6Y 13 Jan 2017 This is a great feature and good on google providing it! Now I can uninstall uber on my phone! Reply Read all comments Post your comment Total reader comments: 3 Phone finder Samsung Apple Microsoft Nokia Sony LG HTC Motorola Huawei Lenovo Xiaomi Google Acer Asus Oppo OnePlus Meizu BlackBerry Alcatel ZTE Toshiba Vodafone Gigabyte XOLO Lava Micromax BLU Gionee vivo LeEco Panasonic HP YU verykool Maxwest Plum All brands Rumor mill Top 10 by daily interest   Device Daily hits   1. Nokia 6 213,438 2. Samsung Galaxy J7 Prime 115,249 3. Samsung Galaxy J7 (2016) 86,339 4. Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 84,338 5. Xiaomi Redmi Note 4 80,825 6. Nokia 8 67,759 7. Xiaomi Redmi 3s Prime 60,697 8. Oppo F1s 57,232 9. vivo V5 57,005 10. Samsung Galaxy S7 edge 56,610 Top 10 by fans   Device Favorites   1. Samsung Galaxy S7 edge 1,843 2. OnePlus 3 1,577 3. Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 1,538 4. Xiaomi Mi 5 1,491 5. Samsung Galaxy S7 1,378 6. Sony Xperia Z5 Premium 1,365 7. HTC 10 1,333 8. Samsung Galaxy Note5 1,142 9. Huawei Nexus 6P 1,140 10. LG G5 1,121 Home News Reviews Blog Compare Coverage Glossary FAQ RSS feed Facebook Twitter © 2000-2016 GSMArena.com Mobile version Contact us Advertising Privacy Terms of use CDN by
Just In 3hrs Panel recommends quota for girl students in IITs Note ban is ill-conceived, says Chidambaram Plurality under threat: Kanhaiya Bata to choose franchise model for store expansion SEBI ensures greater say for public shareholders in merger cases Last king of Rwanda buried at home after years in exile West Indies Cricket Board renamed, rebrands itself Pet-less White House in 150 years when Trump moves in? Loud explosions heard in Anantnag, Hizbul militants trapped Barkha Dutt quits NDTV to explore new opportunities 4-year-old bibliophile becomes librarian for a day in world’s largest library Vigilance raid on gas agency owned by Oil Minister Dharmendra Pradhan’s brother 44 airports have potential for operations under UDAN: report Restoring recently-extinct species will take 8 million years: study ‘India requires a sustained commitment to science’ CLOSE THIS MENU TRENDING TODAY Chennai Hyderabad Bengaluru Videos Entertainment Today's Paper ePaper News National International States Andhra Pradesh Karnataka Kerala Tamil Nadu Telangana Other States Business Agri-Business Industry Economy Markets Cities Bengaluru Chennai Coimbatore Delhi Hyderabad Kochi Kolkata Mumbai Kozhikode Madurai Mangaluru Puducherry Thiruvananthapuram Tiruchirapalli Vijayawada Visakhapatnam Opinion Editorial Lead Comment Columns Interview Cartoon Open Page Readers' Editor Letters Sport Athletics Cricket Football Hockey Motorsport Other Sports Races Tennis Entertainment Art Dance Movies Music Reviews Theatre Society Faith History & Culture Books Reviews Authors Children Life & Style Fashion Fitness Food Motoring Travel Homes and gardens Technology Gadgets Internet Sci-Tech Agriculture Environment Health Education Careers Colleges Schools Multimedia Photos Videos Podcast Data Specials Crossword Resources Tags thREAD Archive Classifieds eBooks Subscribe Social About Us CONNECT WITH US CLOSE THIS MENU Home News National International States Cities Opinion Cartoon Columns Editorial Interview Lead Readers' Editor Comment Open Page Letters Business Agri-Business Industry Economy Markets Stock Quotes Sport Cricket Football Hockey Tennis Athletics Motorsport Races Other Sports Entertainment Art Dance Movies Music Reviews Theatre Life & Style Fashion Fitness Food Motoring Travel Homes and gardens Society Faith History & Culture Books Reviews Authors Sci-Tech Science Technology Health Agriculture Environment Gadgets Internet thREAD Now, Google maps will help locate public toilets in the city Share On JUST IN 3hrs Panel recommends quota for girl students in IITs Note ban is ill-conceived, says Chidambaram Plurality under threat: Kanhaiya Bata to choose franchise model for store expansion SEBI ensures greater say for public shareholders in merger cases Last king of Rwanda buried at home after years in exile West Indies Cricket Board renamed, rebrands itself Pet-less White House in 150 years when Trump moves in? Loud explosions heard in Anantnag, Hizbul militants trapped Barkha Dutt quits NDTV to explore new opportunities 4-year-old bibliophile becomes librarian for a day in world’s largest library Vigilance raid on gas agency owned by Oil Minister Dharmendra Pradhan’s brother 44 airports have potential for operations under UDAN: report Restoring recently-extinct species will take 8 million years: study ‘India requires a sustained commitment to science’ CLOSE Cities Bengaluru Chennai Coimbatore Delhi Hyderabad Kochi Kolkata Mumbai Kozhikode Madurai Mangaluru Puducherry Thiruvananthapuram Tiruchirapalli Vijayawada Visakhapatnam Bengaluru Chennai Coimbatore Delhi Hyderabad Kochi Kolkata Mumbai Kozhikode Madurai Mangaluru Puducherry Thiruvananthapuram Tiruchirapalli Vijayawada Visakhapatnam The Hindu LFL is back News Cities Hyderabad Hyderabad Now, Google maps will help locate public toilets in the city Rahul Devulapalli January 13, 2017 01:09 IST Updated: January 13, 2017 01:09 IST Share Article PRINT A A A Rahul Devulapalli January 13, 2017 01:09 IST Updated: January 13, 2017 01:09 IST more-in Presently, toilets in only NCR and Madhya Pradesh can be seen on Google maps HYDERABAD: When one can rely on Google maps for locating malls, tourist spots, residential colonies and places of worship, then why not for a toilet. Very soon, all the public toilets in the greater Hyderabad region will appear on the Google maps as a new feature. The GHMC (Greater Hyderabad Municipal Corporation) has taken the initiative to add 450 locations of the public toilets in and around the city on the Google maps to help people on the streets as well as to keep the city clean. A few days ago, the Union Ministry of Urban Development had partnered with Google to indicate public rest rooms in the National Capital Region of Delhi and Madhya Pradesh on the maps. With a resolve to provide similar services to the people of twin cities, the GHMC has written a letter to the Urban Development Ministry on Wednesday. “The service will help the citizens access the nearest toilet. Presently, toilets in only NCR and Madhya Pradesh can be seen on Google maps. We want to be the next. The Health and Sanitation department has sent the information of 450 public toilets but even after our request is accepted, there is a provision to add more toilet locations in the future,” said Jayaraj Kennedy, Additional Commissioner, Finance and IT, GHMC. The GHMC officials had initially approached the local Google representative to add the feature but their proposal was turned down. The officials were told that the request had to be routed through the Ministry of Urban Development for its approval. The GHMC Commissioner B. Janardhan Reddy, then wrote to Praveen Prakash, Joint Secretary of the Ministry for a formal nod to their proposal. Post a Comment More In Hyderabad Related Articles << Previous Story EAMCET on May 12 Next Story >> Sankranti rush chokes bus, rail stations Please Wait while comments are loading... Comments will be moderated by The Hindu editorial team. Comments that are abusive, personal, incendiary or irrelevant cannot be published. Please write complete sentences. Do not type comments in all capital letters, or in all lower case letters, or using abbreviated text. (example: u cannot substitute for you, d is not 'the', n is not 'and'). We may remove hyperlinks within comments. Please use a genuine email ID and provide your name, to avoid rejection. Printable version | Jan 16, 2017 7:13:27 AM | http://www.thehindu.com/news/cities/Hyderabad/Now-Google-maps-will-help-locate-public-toilets-in-the-city/article17031156.ece © The Hindu Street Art to spread on a wider canvas in Hyderabad Organisers plan to put up ‘aesthetic’ billboards and bring art into the public domain Serish Nanisetti Top Picks in The Hindu today Visible rise in intolerance in India: N. Ram A temple where bulls and cows alone are worshipped Panel recommends quota for girl students in IITs Plurality under threat: Kanhaiya Note ban is ill-conceived, says Chidambaram 4-year-old bibliophile becomes librarian for a day Barkha Dutt quits NDTV to explore new opportunities xXx Return of Xander Cage: Bland American masala Kissing prank in Delhi: Police blame YouTube Koditta Idangalai Nirappuga: Owner’s envy, neighbour’s pride Close X Next Story >> Sankranti rush chokes bus, rail stations Home News Opinion Business Sport Entertainment Life & Style Society Books Sci-Tech thREAD THE SITE About Us Terms of Use Privacy Policy Contacts Archive Subscribe GROUP SITES The Hindu தி இந்து Business Line BL on Campus Sportstarlive Frontline The Hindu Centre RoofandFloor STEP Publications eBooks Images Classifieds Send your feedback to: web.thehindu@thehindu.co.inCopyright© 2016, The Hindu
Cell Phones & Plans Business Phone Home Phone Internet Television Deals Find the Best Cell Phone and Plan for You PhoneDog's innovative comparison tool can help you save on cell phones and plans. Find the best phone and plan for you today with PhoneDog! Compare Phones and Plans Compare Cell Phones Compare Cell Plans CREDO Mobile Tello Ting T-Mobile Sprint Pix Wireless The People's Operator Republic Wireless Boost Mobile Straight Talk AT&T Virgin Mobile Verizon Wireless Net10 No Contract Plans See all carriers Phone Categories Smartphone Basic Phones Waterproof/Rugged Phablets Free Phones Phone Manufacturers Apple HTC Motorola LG Samsung See All Manufacturers Cell Phone Reviews Cell Phone News Phone vs Phone Cell Phone Videos App Reviews Official Smartphone Rankings VoIP Long Distance Residential VoIP Holiday Deals Trending: iPhone 7 Google Pixel Official Smartphone Rankings Login Register Search Enter your keywords f g+ t Follow @phonedog yt         Google Maps update brings ride services improvements, deeper Uber integration Android Alex Wagner Editorial Director of News and Content | January 12, 2017 17 shares 14 3 0 0 0 0 0 0 0               Google is kicking off the new year with an update for Google Maps. A new Google Maps update is now official, and it brings with it an updated ride service experience. That includes more types of ride options and more actionable information.  When you open the ride services portion of Google Maps, you’ll see a regular Google map along with ride service providers around you. You can then tap on the ride service provider that you’d like to use and see all of the ride options available as well as any special offers or promos that may be available. The images below show the old Google Maps ride services interface on the left and the new interface on the right. Uber integration is getting even better in this update. With the new Google Maps, you can book an Uber ride and pay for it, all without leaving Google Maps. The integration even works if you don’t have the Uber app installed on your phone. All that you need to do is sign into your Uber account within Google Maps. With this Uber integration, you can view the info of your destination during the ride, letting you view details like hours and menus while you’re in the Uber. This is a pretty significant update for Google Maps. Not only is the ride services portion of Google Maps much better looking, it’s also much more useful, letting you see the various rides and promos available to you. And if you use Uber, then the update can save some space on your phone by letting you book and pay for Uber rides from within Google Maps, meaning that you don’t need the dedicated Uber app. This Google Maps update is now rolling out on Android and iOS. Source:  Google Android iOS Apps Google Previous ArticleSamsung Galaxy S7 and S7 edge begin receiving Android 7.0 Nougat update Next ArticleWileyfox Swift 2 X packs 5.2-inch display and 16MP camera, now available for €219.99 Don't forget to VOTE! Each week, PhoneDog Fans vote for their #1 smartphone in the Official Smartphone Rankings. Vote now and contribute to the industry's most relevant weekly ranking charts. Related Posts Samsung Galaxy S7 and S7 edge begin receiving Android 7.0 Nougat update iOS 10.2.1 beta 4 released to developers and public testers HTC planning to launch fewer smartphones in 2017 ZTE will launch an Android Wear smartwatch with LTE later this year View the discussion thread. Select a phone: (optional) + - Any - Acer Liquid M220 Airave 2.5 Plus Alcatel 510A Alcatel 768 Alcatel 871A GoPhone Alcatel A206G Alcatel A382G Big Easy Alcatel A392G Alcatel A394C Alcatel Authority Alcatel Big Easy Flip Black Alcatel Cinch Alcatel Dawn Alcatel Fling Black Alcatel Ideal Alcatel Idol 4 Alcatel Idol 4S Alcatel Idol 4S with Windows 10 Alcatel One Touch 991 Alcatel One Touch Evolve Alcatel One Touch Idol Alcatel One Touch Scribe HD Alcatel One Touch Shockwave Alcatel One Touch Ultra Alcatel One Touch Yaris Black Alcatel OneTouch B3G Alcatel OneTouch Conquest Alcatel OneTouch Elevate Alcatel OneTouch Evolve 2 Alcatel OneTouch Evolve 2 ALCATEL ONETOUCH Fierce Alcatel OneTouch Fierce 2 Alcatel OneTouch Fierce 2 Alcatel OneTouch Fierce XL Alcatel ONETOUCH Fling Alcatel Onetouch Idol 3 (4.7") Alcatel Onetouch Idol 3 (5.5") Alcatel ONETOUCH Pixi Avion Alcatel Onetouch Pixi Bond Alcatel onetouch Pixi Charm Alcatel onetouch Pixi ECLIPSE Alcatel onetouch Pixi GLITZ Alcatel onetouch Pixi Glory LTE Alcatel onetouch Pixi PULSAR Alcatel OneTouch Pop 7 Alcatel ONETOUCH POP Astro Alcatel OneTouch Pop Icon Alcatel OneTouch Pop Icon 2 Alcatel OneTouch Pop Mega Alcatel OneTouch Pop Nova Alcatel OneTouch Pop Star 2 Alcatel OneTouch Pop Star LTE Alcatel OneTouch Retro Alcatel OneTouch Retro ALCATEL OneTouch Sonic LTE Alcatel ONETOUCH Speakeasy Alcatel Pop C9 Alcatel Pop D3 Alcatel Sparq II Alcatel Sparq II Alcatel Venture Amazon Fire HD Kids Edition 6 inch Blue Amazon Fire Phone Amazon Kindle Fire 7 inch Black Amazon Kindle Fire HD 6 (2014) Amazon Kindle Fire HD 7 Amazon Kindle Fire HDX 7 inch Black 16GB Amazon Kindle Fire HDX 8.9 Black 16GB Amoi CS6 Silver Anna Sui Mobile by Samsung Apple iPad Apple iPad 2 Apple iPad 2 16GB Apple iPad 2 WiFi and 3G 16GB Black Apple iPad 4th Gen Apple iPad Air Apple iPad Air Apple iPad Air 2 Apple iPad Air 2 Apple iPad Air 2 16GB Space Gray Apple iPad Mini Apple iPad Mini Apple iPad mini 2 Apple iPad mini 3 Apple iPad Mini 3 Apple iPad mini 3 16GB Space Gray Apple iPad mini 4 Apple iPad mini with Retina Display Apple iPad mini with Retina display 16GB Silver Apple iPad Pro Apple iPad Pro 9.7 Apple iPad with Retina Display Apple iPhone Apple iPhone 16 GB Apple iPhone 3G 16 GB Apple iPhone 3GS Apple iPhone 4 Apple iPhone 4 32GB Black Apple iPhone 4S Apple iPhone 4S 64GB White Apple iPhone 5 Apple iPhone 5c Apple iPhone 5s Apple iPhone 6 Apple iPhone 6 Plus Apple iPhone 6s Apple iPhone 6s Plus Apple iPhone 7 Apple iPhone 7 Plus Apple iPhone SE Apple iPod Touch - 8GB Apple new iPad Apple new iPad WiFi and 4G 16GB Black Apple Watch Asus Eee Pad Memo ME370T Asus Eee Slate Asus Google Nexus 7 Asus Memo Pad 10 inch Black ASUS MeMO Pad 7 LTE ASUS MeMO Pad FHD 10 LTE Asus PadFone Black Asus Padfone mini Asus PadFone X ASUS PadFone X mini Asus Transformer Asus Transformer Prime TF700T ASUS ZenFone 2 ASUS ZenFone 2E Asus ZenFone 4 Asus ZenFone 5 Asus ZenFone 6 ASUS ZenFone Zoom Asus ZenWatch ASUS ZenWatch 2 AT&T Cingular Flip AT&T Mobile Hotspot Elevate 4G AT&T Mobile Hotspot MiFi 2372 AT&T Radiant GoPhone AT&T Unite AT&T Unite Pro AT&T USBConnect Adrenaline AT&T USBConnect Momentum 4G AT&T USBConnect Turbo AT&T USBConnect Velocity AT&T Z222 GoPhone AT&T Z223 GoPhone AT&T Z998 GoPhone Audiovox 8425 Audiovox 9200 Audiovox CDM-105 / CDM-7000 Audiovox CDM-120 Audiovox CDM-8100 Audiovox CDM-8150X Audiovox CDM-8200 Audiovox CDM-8300 Audiovox CDM-8400 / CDM-8410 Audiovox CDM-8450 / CDM-8455 / VI600 Audiovox CDM-8500 Audiovox CDM-8600 Audiovox CDM-8615 Audiovox CDM-8900 Audiovox CDM-8910 / FLASHER V7/PM-8912 Audiovox CDM-8915 / Snapper Audiovox CDM-8930 Audiovox CDM-8940 Audiovox CDM-8940 Audiovox CDM-9100 Audiovox CDM-9150X Audiovox CDM-9155GPX Audiovox CDM-9200X Audiovox CDM-9500 Audiovox CDM-9600 Audiovox CDM-9900 Audiovox CDM-9950 Audiovox HTC-Apache / PPC-6700 Audiovox PC-3320 Audiovox PC-5220 Audiovox PC5740 EVDO PC Card Audiovox PM-8920 Audiovox PPC 4100 Audiovox PPC-5050-Falcon Audiovox PPC-6600/6601 Audiovox SMT-5600 Audiovox THERA / 2032 Audiovox VI600 Audiovox VOX-8610 Audiovox XV6600 B-Mobile B1+ B-Mobile C240 3G Flip Barnes & Noble Nook 16GB Silver BenQ P50 BenQ T60 Betsey Johnson Mobile by Samsung Big Button Flip Alcatel A392G BlackBerry 6210 / 6230 BlackBerry 6280 BlackBerry 6510 BlackBerry 6710 BlackBerry 6750 BlackBerry 7100g BlackBerry 7100i BlackBerry 7100r BlackBerry 7100t BlackBerry 7100v BlackBerry 7100x BlackBerry 7105t BlackBerry 7130c BlackBerry 7130e BlackBerry 7130e BlackBerry 7230 / 7210 BlackBerry 7250 BlackBerry 7250 BlackBerry 7270 BlackBerry 7280 BlackBerry 7290 BlackBerry 7510 BlackBerry 7520 BlackBerry 7750 BlackBerry 7780 / 7730 BlackBerry 8700c BlackBerry 8700g BlackBerry 8703e BlackBerry 8703e BlackBerry 8800 BlackBerry 8820 BlackBerry 8830 BlackBerry 9000-Bold BlackBerry 9330 Titanium BlackBerry 9720 White BlackBerry Apollo BlackBerry Bold 9650 BlackBerry Bold 9650 BlackBerry Bold 9700 BlackBerry Bold 9780 BlackBerry Bold 9900 BlackBerry Bold 9930 BlackBerry Classic BlackBerry Curve 3G 9300 BlackBerry Curve 3G 9330 Charcoal BlackBerry Curve 8320 BlackBerry Curve 8330 BlackBerry Curve 8350i BlackBerry Curve 8520 BlackBerry Curve 8530 BlackBerry Curve 8530 BlackBerry Curve 8530 Black BlackBerry Curve 8900 BlackBerry Curve 9300 Black BlackBerry Curve 9310 BlackBerry Curve 9315 BlackBerry Curve 9320 BlackBerry Curve 9330 BlackBerry Curve 9350 BlackBerry Curve 9360 BlackBerry Curve 9370 BlackBerry Curve-8300 BlackBerry Curve-8310 Red BlackBerry DTEK50 BlackBerry Javelin BlackBerry Leap BlackBerry Passport BlackBerry Pearl 3G 9100 Black BlackBerry Pearl 3G 9105 Black BlackBerry Pearl 8110 BlackBerry Pearl 8120 BlackBerry Pearl 8130 BlackBerry Pearl 8130 White BlackBerry Pearl Flip 8220 BlackBerry Pearl Flip 8230 BlackBerry Pearl-8100 Blue BlackBerry PlayBook BlackBerry Priv BlackBerry Q10 BlackBerry Q5 White BlackBerry Storm BlackBerry Storm2 BlackBerry Style BlackBerry Thunder-9500 BlackBerry Torch 9800 BlackBerry Torch 9810 BlackBerry Torch 9860 BlackBerry Tour BlackBerry Z10 BlackBerry Z30 Blackphone 2 BLU Advance 4.0 BLU Dash 5.0+ BLU Dash X BLU Life One M Blu Life One X BLU Life One X BLU Life Play S BLU Life Play X BLU LIFE PRO BLU Life Pure BLU Life View BLU Life View Tab BLU Neo 4.5 BLU Pure XR BLU Studio 5.0 BLU Studio 5.0 C BLU Studio 5.0 C HD Black BLU Studio 5.0 II BLU Studio 5.0 II BLU Studio 5.0C BLU Studio 6.0 HD BLU Studio C 8+8 BLU Studio C Mini BLU Studio C Mini BLU Studio Energy BLU Studio Mini LTE BLU Studio Selfie LTE BLU Vivo 4.8 HD BLU Vivo IV BLU Vivo XL BLU Win HD Neon Green BLU Win JR White Boost MAX by ZTE Boost Warp 4G by ZTE Brigadier by Kyocera Casio EXILIM Casio G'zOne Boulder - Black & Silver CASIO G'zONE Ravine 2 (Non-Camera) Casio GzOne Brigade Casio GzOne Commando Casio GzOne Ravine Casio GzOne Ravine 2 Casio GzOne Rock CAT B15Q CAT S40 Compal AR-11 Red E SC1100 Coolpad Arise Coolpad Catalyst Coolpad Flo Coolpad Flo Black Coolpad Rogue Curitel Identity Curitel TX-110C Curitel TX-115C Curitel TX-120C Curitel TX-30B Curitel TX-50C Curitel TX-55C Curitel TX-60B/TX-61B Curitel TX-65B Curitel TX-95C Danger HIPTOP / SIDEKICK Color Danger HIPTOP / T-MOBILE SIDEKICK Danger HIPTOP 2 / SIDEKICK II Danger Sidekick-3 Danger Sidekick-iD Grey Dell Aero Dell Inspiron 14z Laptop Dell Inspiron Mini 10 with T-Mobile webConnect Dell Inspiron Mini 1012 Dell Streak 7 Dell Venue Dell Venue Pro Digital Chocolate Inc. Crazy Penguin Catapult Digix Tab 730 Double Power Nobis 7 Inch 8GB White DROID 2 by Motorola DROID 3 by Motorola DROID 4 by Motorola DROID BIONIC 4G by Motorola DROID by Motorola DROID CHARGE by Samsung Droid DNA by HTC DROID ERIS by HTC DROID INCREDIBLE 2 by HTC DROID Incredible 4G LTE by HTC DROID INCREDIBLE by HTC DROID Pro by Motorola DROID R2 D2 by Motorola DROID RAZR by Motorola DROID RAZR HD by Motorola DROID RAZR M by Motorola DROID RAZR MAXX by Motorola DROID RAZR MAXX HD by Motorola DROID Turbo DROID X by Motorola DROID X2 by Motorola Ematic 7 Inch HD quad-core Ematic EGD 170 Black Enact by LG Ericsson A1228C Ericsson A1228D / A1228LX Ericsson A2218Z Ericsson c905a Ericsson Equinox Ericsson R278D Ericsson R280 / R289 Ericsson R300D / R300LX Ericsson R300Z Ericsson R380 WORLD Ericsson R520 Ericsson T28-World Ericsson T39 Ericsson T60D / T60LX Ericsson T66 Ericsson T68 Ericsson TM506 Ericsson Vivaz Ericsson W350 Ericsson W518a Ericsson Z750a Eten Glofiish-X500 Firefly FireFly Franklin 3G-4G USB U600 Franklin CDU-550AL Franklin Ellipsis Jetpack Black Franklin U300 Aircard Franklin U301 USB Device Franklin U600 4G USB Stick Black Galaxy Nexus by Samsung Garmin Garminfone Garmin nuvifone G60 Garmin-Asus nuvifone M20 Generic Manufacturer Sample Giveaway Item Generic Manufacturer VK-530 Google Nexus 10 16GB Google Nexus 4 Google Nexus 4 Google Nexus 5 Google Nexus 6 Google Nexus 7 Google Nexus 9 Google Nexus One Google Pixel Google Pixel C Google Pixel XL Hitachi G1000 Hitachi SH-P300 Honor 6X HP H6315 / H6310 HP iPAQ Glisten HP iPAQ hw6510 / hw6515 HP iPAQ-510-Voice-Messenger HP iPAQ-610-Business-Navigator HP IPAQ-6320 HP iPAQ-6325 HP iPAQ-6945 HP iPAQ-910c-Business-Messenger HP iPAQ-hw6915 HP iPAQ-hw6940 HP Mini 210-1076NR Netbook HP Mini 311-1037NR Netbook HP Netbook 9.7 inch Black HP Palm Pre 2 HP Pre 3 HP Slate 7 HP Slate10 HD HP Slate7 Extreme HP Slate7 Plus HP Slate8 Pro HP TouchPad HP Veer 4G HTC 10 HTC 3125 HTC 5800 HTC 7 Pro HTC 8125 HTC 8525 HTC 8925-Tilt HTC 8XT HTC A11 White HTC A5 Max Gray HTC Accord Black HTC All New One HTC Amaze HTC Aria HTC Arrive HTC BLUE ANGEL / MDA III / XDA IIS HTC Bolt HTC CANARY / SPV HTC Cedar HTC Dash HTC Dash 3G HTC Desire HTC Desire 510 HTC Desire 526 HTC Desire 530 HTC Desire 601 Black HTC Desire 610 HTC Desire 610 HTC Desire 612 HTC Desire 626 HTC Desire 626s HTC Desire 816 HTC Desire 826 HTC Desire C Black HTC Desire EYE HTC Desire Eye HTC Dream HTC Droid DNA HTC EVO 3D HTC EVO 3D HTC EVO 4G HTC EVO 4G LTE HTC EVO Design 4G HTC EVO Shift 4G HTC EVO V 4G Black HTC EVO View 4G HTC Excalibur HTC Faraday / 2100 / 2125 HTC First HTC Flyer HTC Freestyle HTC FUZE HTC G1 HTC HD 7 HTC HD Mini HTC HD2 HTC HD7S HTC Hero HTC Hero S HTC HIMALAYAS / XDA II / MDA II HTC Imagio HTC Inspire 4G HTC Jetstream HTC Lancaster HTC Legend HTC M7 (Beta) HTC Magic HTC Magician / MDA Compact HTC Max 4G HTC MDA HTC MDA Basic HTC Merge HTC Merge HTC Mogul HTC Mogul Pocket PC 6800 HTC myTouch 3G 3.5mm Jack White HTC myTouch 3G Slide Black HTC myTouch 3G White HTC Nexus 9 HTC One (E8) HTC One (M8) HTC One (M8) For Windows HTC One A9 HTC One Google Play edition HTC One M7 HTC One M9 HTC One Max HTC One mini HTC One mini 2 HTC One remix HTC One S HTC One SV HTC One V HTC One VX White HTC One X HTC One X global HTC One X+ HTC Ozone HTC P3300 HTC P4300 HTC P4350 HTC P6500 HTC PPC6800 HTC Prophet/i-mate JAMin HTC Pure HTC Radar HTC Rezound HTC Rhodium HTC Rhyme HTC S621 Excalibur HTC S630 Cavalier HTC S710 HTC S720 HTC S730 HTC S740 HTC S743 HTC Salsa HTC SDA HTC Sensation HTC Shadow HTC Shift HTC SMT5800 HTC Snap HTC Space Needle/Pocket PC Phone HTC Star Trek/8500 HTC Status HTC Surround HTC TANAGER / SPV E100 / QTEK 7070 HTC Tattoo HTC Thunderbolt HTC Tilt 2 HTC Titan HTC Titan II HTC Tornado/SDA HTC Touch HTC Touch Cruise HTC Touch Diamond HTC Touch Diamond2 HTC Touch HD HTC Touch Pro HTC Touch Pro 2 HTC Touch Pro 6850 HTC Touch Viva HTC Touch-Cruise HTC Touch-DUAL HTC Touch-XV6900 HTC Trophy HTC TyTN HTC TyTN-II-Kaiser HTC U Play HTC U Ultra HTC Vivid HTC VOYAGER / SPV E200 / XPHONE HTC Warhawk HTC Wildfire S HTC Wing HTC X7500 HTC XV6800 Huawei Activa 4G Huawei Ascend Huawei Ascend 5W HUAWEI Ascend II Huawei Ascend Mate 2 Huawei Ascend Mate2 Huawei Ascend P1 S Huawei Ascend Plus Huawei Ascend Q Huawei Ascend W1 Huawei Ascend Y Huawei EC-3360 Huawei EC228 Huawei Express Huawei Express Mobile Hotspot Huawei Fusion 2 Black Huawei Fusion U8652 Blue Huawei Glory Huawei GX8 Huawei H110C Huawei H110C Huawei H210C Huawei H215G Huawei H866C Huawei H881 Black Huawei Honor 5X Huawei Honor 6 Huawei Honor 6 Plus Huawei Honor 8 Huawei Impulse 4G Huawei Inspira Huawei M318 Huawei M328 Huawei M735 Huawei M750 Huawei M835 Huawei M865 Huawei Magna Huawei Mate 8 Huawei Mate 9 Huawei Mate S Huawei Mercury Huawei Mercury Ice Huawei NET10 Home Phone Huawei Nexus 6P Huawei P8 lite Huawei P9 Huawei P9 Plus Huawei Pal Huawei Pillar Huawei Pinnacle Huawei Pinnacle Huawei Pinnacle 2 Huawei Premia 4G Huawei Premia 4G Huawei Pronto Huawei Raven Huawei SENSA Huawei SnapTo Huawei Summit Huawei Summit Huawei Tap Berry Huawei Tap Midnight Blue Huawei U2800A Pal Black Huawei U3900 Black Huawei U8651T Prism Huawei UMG181 Huawei Union Huawei USBConnect Force 4G Huawei Valiant Huawei Valiant Huawei Verge Huawei Verge Huawei Vitria Huawei W1 Huawei Watch i-mate JAM i-mate JAQ i-mate JAQ3 i-mate JASJAR 3G PDA i-mate K-JAM i-mate PDAL i-mate Smartflip i-mate SP3i i-mate SPL i-mate Ultimate 6150 i-mate Ultimate 8150 i-mate Ultimate-8502 i-mate Ultimate-9502 innostream INNO A11 innostream INNO-30 innostream INNO-55 innostream INNO-89 innostream INNO-90 innostream INNO-98 / 99 Jolla Tablet KIN One Kyocera 1135 Kyocera 1155 Kyocera 126C Kyocera 2119 Kyocera 2135 Kyocera 2235 Kyocera 2255 Kyocera 2325 Kyocera 2345 Kyocera 3225 Kyocera 323 Kyocera 3245 Kyocera 3250 Kyocera 5135 Kyocera 7135 Kyocera Adreno-S240 Black Kyocera AKTIV-K480 Kyocera Brigadier Kyocera Brio Kyocera Coast Kyocera Contact Kyocera Cyclops-K312 Kyocera Cyclops-K325 Kyocera Deco-E1000 Kyocera Domino Kyocera Dorado-KX13 Kyocera DuraCore Kyocera DuraForce Kyocera DuraForce Pro Kyocera DuraForce XD Kyocera DuraMax Kyocera DuraPlus Kyocera DuraPro Kyocera DuraShock Kyocera DuraShock Kyocera DuraXE Kyocera DuraXT Kyocera DuraXTP Kyocera DuraXV Kyocera Echo Kyocera ENERGI-K490 Kyocera ENERGI-K493 Kyocera Event Kyocera Hydro Kyocera Hydro Air Kyocera Hydro Edge Kyocera Hydro Elite Kyocera Hydro Icon Kyocera Hydro Icon Kyocera Hydro Life Kyocera Hydro REACH Kyocera Hydro Vibe Kyocera Hydro View Kyocera Hydro Wave Kyocera Hydro XTRM Kyocera K10 Royale Kyocera K132 Kyocera K322 Kyocera K323 Kyocera K342 Kyocera K404 Kyocera K822 Kyocera K9 Kyocera KE413 / KE414 Phantom Kyocera KE424C / KX424 Blade Kyocera KE433 / K7 Rave Kyocera Kona Kyocera KPC-650 Kyocera KPC650 EVDO PC Card Kyocera KPC680-ExpressCard Kyocera KX1-SOHO Kyocera KX12 Kyocera KX16-Candid Kyocera KX18-ANGEL Kyocera KX18-JET Kyocera KX2 Kyocera KX2-KOI Kyocera KX414 Phantom Kyocera KX433 / KX434 Rave Kyocera KX440 / KX444 Kyocera KX9A Kyocera Laylo M1400 Kyocera Lingo-M1000 Kyocera Loft S2300 Black Kyocera Luno Kyocera Mako-S4000 Black Kyocera Melo S1300 Kyocera Milan-KX9B / KX9C Kyocera Milano Kyocera Neo E1100 Kyocera Oystr-KX9d Kyocera Presto Kyocera Presto Kyocera QCP-2035 Kyocera QCP-3035 Kyocera QCP-6035 Kyocera Rally Kyocera Rio Kyocera Rise Kyocera S14-Opal Kyocera S2100 Black Kyocera SE47 / SE44 / V5 Slider Kyocera SE47 Slider Kyocera Slider-Remix-KX5 Kyocera Slider-Sonic Kyocera Strobe-K612B Kyocera Switch-Back Kyocera Tempo-E2000 Kyocera TNT Kyocera Torino Kyocera Torino Kyocera Torque Kyocera TorqueXT Kyocera Verve Kyocera Wild-Card Kyocera X-tc M2000 Kyocera Xcursion-KX160 LeapFrog Tic-Talk LeEco Le Pro3 LeEco Le S3 Lenovo Phab 2 Pro LG 221C LG 101 LG 1010 LG 108C LG 109C LG 1500 LG 200 LG 220C LG 231C LG 235C LG 236C LG 237C LG 238C LG 290c LG 305C LG 306G LG 306G LG 320G LG 329G LG 400G LG 4015 LG 4050 LG 410G LG 420G Black LG 440G Black LG 441G LG 442BG LG 450 LG 4NE1 LG 500G LG 505C LG 511C LG 5450 LG 600G LG 6190 LG 620G LG 800G LG 840G LG 900G LG A340 LG A380 LG A7110 LG Access LTE LG Accolade LG Ally LG Apex LG Arena LG Aspire LG Attune LG AX-145 LG AX-245 LG AX-275 Silver LG AX-355 LG AX-390 LG AX-4270 LG AX-490 LG AX-8600 Silver LG AX155 LG AX300 LG AX4750 LG AX5000 / UX5000 LG AX565 LG AX8600 LG B470 LG Banter LG Banter Touch LG Beacon LG Beacon LG Bliss LG C1300i LG C2000 LG C900 LG CE110 LG CE500 LG CF360 LG CG180 LG CG225 LG CG300 LG Chocolate 3 LG Chocolate Touch LG Chocolate VX8550 LG Chocolate White LG Classic LG Clout LG Connect 4G LG Connect 4G LG Converse LG Cosmos LG Cosmos 2 LG Cosmos 2 Black LG Cosmos 3 LG Cosmos Touch LG CP150 LG CU320 LG CU400 LG CU500 LG CU500v LG CU515 LG Dare LG Decoy LG Destiny LG dLite LG Doubleplay LG Enact LG Encore LG Enlighten LG enV Touch LG enV VX11000 LG enV VX9900 LG enV-VX-9900 LG enV2 LG enV3 LG Envoy LG Envoy II LG Escape LG Escape 2 LG Esteem LG Esteem LG Exalt LG Exceed Black LG Exchange LG eXpo LG Extravert LG Extravert 2 LG F7200 LG F9100 LG F9200 LG Fathom LG Flare LG Freedom LG Fusic-LX550 LG G Flex LG G Flex 2 LG G Pad 10.1 LTE LG G Pad 10.1 LTE LG G Pad 7.0 LTE LG G Pad 7.0 LTE LG G Pad 8.3 LG G Pad 8.3 LG G Pad 8.3 Google Play edition LG G Pad F7.0 LG G Pad X 8.0 LG G Pro 2 LG G Stylo LG G Vista LG G Vista 2 LG G Watch LG G Watch R LG G2 LG G3 LG G3 Vigor LG G4 LG G4010 / G4011 LG G4020 LG G5 LG Genesis LG Glance LG Glimmer LG GM730 LG GS170 LG GU295 LG HB620T LG Helix UX310 Orange LG Ignite LG Imprint LG INCITE LG Intuition LG Intuition LG Invision LG K10 LG K3 LG K4 LG K7 LG K8 V LG KE850-Prada LG KE970-Shine LG KF900-Prada LG KP265 LG KP500 Cookie LG KU990-Viewty LG L1150 / L1100 LG L1200 LG L1400 LG L1400i LG L34C LG L35G SIM4 LG L39C LG Lancet LG Leon LTE LG LG 530G LG LG-AX-140 LG Lotus LG Lotus Elite LG Lucid LG Lucid 2 LG Lucid 2 LG Lucid 3 LG Lucky LG LX-150 LG LX-5550 / VX-5550 LG LX1200 LG LX150 LG LX160 LG LX290 LG LX350 LG LX350 LG LX370 LG LX400 LG LX400 LG LX535 LG LX5350 LG LX550 LG Lyric LG M4410 LG Mach LG Marquee LG Migo LG Migo (sm) LG MM-535 LG Motion 4G LG Motion 4G LG Muziq LX570 LG Muziq-LX-570 Black LG Mystique LG Neon LG Neon II LG Nexus 5X LG Nitro HD LG Octane LG Optimus 2X LG Optimus 4X HD LG Optimus Black LG Optimus C LG Optimus Dynamic LG Optimus Dynamic II LG Optimus Elite LG Optimus Exceed 2 LG Optimus Extreme LG Optimus F3 LG Optimus F3Q LG Optimus F5 LG Optimus F6 LG Optimus F7 LG Optimus Fuel LG Optimus G LG Optimus G Pro LG Optimus L70 LG Optimus L9 LG Optimus L90 LG Optimus Logic LG Optimus M LG Optimus M LG Optimus M Plus LG Optimus M+ LG Optimus Net LG Optimus Plus LG Optimus Q LG Optimus Regard LG Optimus S LG Optimus S Purple LG Optimus SHOWTIME LG Optimus Slider LG Optimus U LG Optimus Ultimate LG Optimus V LG Optimus V LG Optimus Zip LG Optimus Zone LG Optimus Zone 2 LG Optimus Zone 3 LG Phoenix LG Phoenix 2 LG PM-225 LG PM-225 LG PM-325 LG Power L22C LG Premier LG Prestige LG Prime LG Quantum LG Realm LG Realm Black LG Rebel LG Remarq LG Renoir-KC910 LG Revere LG Revere LG Revere 2 LG Revere 3 LG Revolution LG Rhythm LG Rumor LG Rumor 2 LG Rumor Black LG Rumor Reflex LG Rumor Reflex S LG Rumor Touch LG Saber LG Scoop LG Select LG Sentio LG Shine CU720 LG Shine II LG Shine-CU720 LG Spirit LG Spirit 4G LG Splendor LG Spyder 830 LG Star Black LG Stylo 2 LG Stylo 2 PLUS LG Stylo 2 V LG Sunrise LG Sunset LG Swift LG Thrive LG TM-220 LG TM-510 LG TP-1100 LG TP-5200 LG TP-5250 LG Transpyre LG Trax-CU575 LG Treasure LTE LG Tribute LG Tribute 2 LG Tribute 5 LG Tribute HD LG Tritan LG U8150 LG Ultimate 2 LG UX-210 LG UX-245 LG UX-355 LG UX-390 LG UX220 LG UX4750 LG V10 LG V20 LG Venice LG Venus LG Versa LG VI-125 LG VI-125 LG VI-5225 LG VI5225 / 5400A LG Viper LG VL600 4G USB Modem LG Volt LG Volt 2 LG Vortex LG Voyager LG Vu CU915 LG Vu CU920 LG Vu Plus LG VX-1 / TM-520 LG VX-10 LG VX-2000 LG VX-3100 / 3100A / TM250 LG VX-3200 LG VX-3450 LG VX-4100 LG VX-4270 LG VX-4400 LG VX-4500 LG VX-4600 LG VX-4700 LG VX-5200 LG VX-5200 LG VX-5400 LG VX-6000 LG VX-6100 LG VX-7000 LG VX-8000 LG VX-8100 LG VX-8300 LG VX-8350 LG VX-8500-Chocolate LG VX-8550-Chocolate Black LG VX-8600 LG VX-8700 LG VX-9000 LG VX-9400 LG VX-9800 LG VX3100 LG VX3300 LG VX3300 LG VX3400 LG VX3400 LG VX3450 LG VX3450L LG VX4400 LG VX4500 LG VX4650 LG VX5200 LG VX5300 LG VX5400 LG VX5500 LG VX7000 LG VX8000 LG VX8300 LG VX8350 LG VX8350 Red LG VX8360 LG VX8600 LG VX9800 LG Watch Urbane LG Wave-AX380 LG Wine II UN430 Titanium Gray LG X Power LG X Style LG Xenon LG Xpression LG Xpression 2 LG Xpression 2 Blue LG100C LG200C LG225 LG300G LG400G LG501C LG620G LG900G Linksys Hi Port Router Lucid 3 by LG Mach Speed Trio Stealth G4 Mach Speed Trio Stealth Pro Mach Speed Trio Stealth Pro G2 MEEP Children's Android Tablet Meizu M2 Note Meta M1 MW4003 Microsoft Lumia 535 Microsoft Lumia 550 Microsoft Lumia 640 Microsoft Lumia 640 XL Microsoft Lumia 650 Microsoft Lumia 735 Microsoft Lumia 950 Microsoft Lumia 950 XL MiFi 2200 Mobile Hotspot MiFi 3G/4G Mobile Hotspot MiFi 3G/4G Mobile Hotspot by Novatel Wireless MiFi 500 LTE by Novatel Wireless MiTAC MIO-8380 MiTAC MIO-8390 Mitsubishi G310 Mitsubishi G360 Mitsubishi G410 Mitsubishi M900/M430i Moto 360 (2nd Gen) 42mm Moto 360 (2nd Gen) 46mm Moto 360 Sport Moto E3 Moto G4 Moto G4 Play Moto G4 Plus Moto Z Force Moto Z Play Motorola HOLLYWOOD/ E815 Motorola 2004-Nascar-Nextel-Cup-Series-Dale-Jarrett Motorola 388C Motorola 408 Motorola A009 Motorola A1200 Ming Motorola A1200/MING Black Motorola A388 Motorola A6288 Motorola A630 Motorola A630 Motorola A668 Motorola A780 Motorola A810 Motorola A830 Motorola A835 Motorola A840 Motorola A845 Motorola A855 Motorola A920 Motorola Admiral Motorola Adventure V750 Motorola Atrix 2 Motorola Atrix 4G Motorola Atrix HD Motorola AURA Motorola Backflip Motorola Barrage Motorola Bravo Motorola Brute i680 Motorola Buzz ic502 Motorola Buzz-ic502 Black Motorola C139 Motorola C155 Motorola C168i Motorola C186i Motorola C250 / C256 Motorola C261 Motorola C290 Motorola C331T Motorola C332 / C331G / C333 Motorola C343 / C343A / C341 Motorola C350G / C353 / C359 GSM Motorola C353T Motorola C370 / C450 Motorola C380 Motorola C381p Motorola C650 Motorola Charm Motorola Citrus Motorola CLIQ Motorola CLIQ 2 Motorola CLIQ XT Motorola Clutch i465 Motorola Clutch Plus i475 Motorola Crush Motorola Debut i856 Motorola Defy Motorola Defy XT Motorola Devour Motorola DROID MAXX Motorola DROID Maxx 2 Motorola DROID Mini Motorola DROID Turbo 2 Motorola DROID TURBO Black Motorola DROID Ultra Motorola Droid Xyboard 10.1 Motorola Droid Xyboard 8.2 Motorola e1000 Motorola E310 Motorola E380 Motorola E398 Motorola E680 Motorola E815 Motorola Electrify Motorola Electrify 2 Motorola Electrify M Motorola EM326g Motorola EM330 Motorola Entice Motorola Evoke Motorola EX124G Motorola EX431G Motorola Flipout Motorola Flipside Motorola Grasp Motorola Heron Motorola Hint QA30 Motorola Hollywood-E816 Black Motorola i1 Motorola I2000PLUS Motorola i205 Motorola i215 Motorola i265 Motorola i275 Motorola i285 Motorola i290 Motorola i296 Black Motorola i305 Motorola I30SX Motorola i315 Motorola i325 Motorola i335 Motorola i355 Motorola I35S Motorola i365 Motorola i415 Motorola i425 Motorola i450 Motorola I50SX Motorola i530 Motorola i530b Motorola i530y Motorola i530y Motorola I55SR / I58SR Motorola i560 Motorola i570 Motorola i576 Motorola i580 Motorola i605 Motorola i605 Motorola I60C Motorola i670 Motorola i710 Motorola i710 Motorola i720 Motorola i730 / i733 Motorola i736-2004-Nascar-Nextel-Cup-Series-Jeff-Gordon Motorola i736-2004-Nascar-Nextel-Cup-Series-Tony-Stewart Motorola i760 Motorola i776 Motorola i776W Motorola I80S Motorola i830 Motorola i830 Silver Motorola i835 Motorola i836 Motorola i850 Motorola i855 Motorola I85S / I88S Motorola i860 Motorola i870 Motorola i880 Motorola i880 Motorola i885 Motorola i886 Motorola i890 Motorola I90C Motorola i920 Motorola i930 Motorola I95CL / I99CL Motorola ic402-Blend Motorola ic602-Buzz Motorola ic902 Motorola Karma QA1 Motorola Krave ZN4 Motorola KRZR-K1 Cosmic Blue Motorola KRZR-K1m Motorola L2 Motorola L6 Motorola Luge Motorola Luge Black Motorola Milestone 3 Motorola Milestone Plus Motorola Moto 360 Motorola Moto E (1st Gen) Motorola Moto E (2nd Gen) Motorola Moto E Black Motorola Moto G Motorola Moto G (2nd Gen.) Black Motorola Moto G (3rd Gen) Motorola Moto G 4G LTE Motorola Moto G Play Motorola MOTO VE66 Motorola Moto X Motorola Moto X (2014) Motorola Moto X (2nd Gen.) Black Motorola Moto X Play Motorola Moto X Pure Motorola Moto Z Motorola MOTO Z10 Motorola MOTO ZN200 Motorola MOTO-ACTV-W450 Yellow Motorola MOTOMING-A1600 Motorola MOTOMING-A1800 Motorola MOTOROKR-EM25 Motorola MOTOROKR-EM28 Motorola MOTOROKR-EM30 Motorola MPx Motorola MPX100 Motorola MPX200 Motorola MPX220 Motorola PEBL Motorola PEBL Motorola PHOTON 4G Motorola Photon Q Motorola Q Motorola Q-11 Motorola Q9 Motorola Q9c Motorola Q9h-Global Motorola Q9m Motorola Quantico W845 Motorola Rapture VU30 Motorola Razr V3 Motorola RAZR V3 Dolce & Gabbana Motorola RAZR V3m Motorola RAZR VE20 Motorola RAZR-maxx-Ve Motorola RAZR-V3 Silver Motorola RAZR-V3a Motorola RAZR-V3c Motorola RAZR-V3i Motorola RAZR-V3m Motorola RAZR-V3r Fire Red Motorola RAZR-V3s Motorola RAZR-V3t Black Motorola RAZR-V3x Dark Blue Motorola RAZR-V3xx Grey Motorola RAZR2 V9m Motorola RAZR2-V8 Motorola RAZR2-V9 Motorola RAZR2-V9x Black Motorola Renegade V950 Motorola Renew Motorola Rival Motorola RIZR Z3 Motorola RIZR-Z3 Black Motorola RIZR-Z6c Motorola RIZR-Z6tv Motorola RIZR-Z8 Motorola ROKR E8 Motorola ROKR EM35 Motorola ROKR U9 Motorola ROKR Z6 Motorola ROKR-E1 Motorola ROKR-E2 Motorola ROKR-E6 Motorola ROKR-Z6 Black Motorola ROKR-Z6m Motorola Roxy-i830 Motorola Sidekick-Slide Motorola SLVR-L7 Motorola SLVR-L7c Black Motorola SLVR-L7e Motorola SLVR-L7i Motorola SLVR-L9 Motorola Stature i9 Motorola Surf A3100 Motorola T191 Motorola T280I Motorola T300P Motorola T720 / T721 Motorola T720I / T722I GSM Motorola T722i Motorola T725E Motorola T730 / T731C Motorola TALKABOUT-T193 / T193M Motorola Theory Motorola TIMEPORT P7382I Motorola TIMEPORT-270C Motorola TIMEPORT-P280 Motorola Titanium Motorola Triumph Motorola Tundra Motorola U9 Black Motorola v100 Motorola v120C Motorola v120e Motorola v120T Motorola v120X Motorola V171 Motorola V173 Motorola V176 Motorola V177 Motorola v180 Motorola V188 Motorola V190 Motorola V195 Motorola V195 Motorola v200 Motorola v220 Motorola V226 Motorola V235 Motorola V260 Motorola V260 / V262 Motorola v265 Motorola V266 Motorola V276 Motorola v300 Motorola v323 Motorola V325 Motorola V330 Motorola V360 Motorola V365 Motorola V3a Fire red Motorola v400 Motorola V400p Motorola v500 / v525 / v505 Motorola v535 / v545 / v550 / e550 Motorola V540 Motorola V551 Motorola V555 Motorola V557 Motorola v600 Motorola V600 Motorola v60C Motorola v60G Motorola v60I-TDMA / v60TI Motorola v60P / v60S Motorola v60T Motorola v60V Motorola V60X Motorola v620 Motorola v635 Motorola V65p Motorola v66 Motorola v66I Motorola v690 Motorola v70 Motorola v710 Motorola v80 Motorola v810 Motorola V872 Motorola v878 Motorola V980 Motorola VE240 Motorola VE465 Motorola VE75 Black Motorola VU204 Motorola W160 Motorola W175 Motorola W180 Motorola W206 Motorola W213 Motorola W230 Motorola W270 Motorola W315 Black Motorola W370 Motorola W375 Motorola W375g Motorola W376g Motorola W380 Motorola W385 Motorola W395 Motorola W408g Motorola W409G Motorola W418G Motorola W419G Black Motorola W490 Motorola W490 Motorola W510 Motorola W510 Motorola W755 Motorola XOOM Motorola XPRT Motorola Z6w Motorola Z9 Motorola Zine ZN5 myTouch 4G NEC 232E NEC 515 NEC 525 NEC 535 NEC Terrain Neonode Freerunner Neonode N1 Neonode N2 Netgear 341U USB Modem Netgear Mingle Mobile Hotspot NETGEAR Unite Netgear Zing NETGEAR Zing Netgear Zing Mobile Hotspot Nextbit Robin NextBook NEXT 10P12 9.7 inch Nexus S 4G Nexus S from Google Nixxo NXG-7300 Nixxo NXG-9230 Nokia 1006 Nokia 1100 Nokia 1101 Nokia 1108 Apple Silver Nokia 1110 Nokia 1208 Nokia 1208 Nokia 1221 Nokia 1260 / 1261 Nokia 1600 Nokia 1606 Nokia 1616 Nokia 1661 Nokia 1661 Nokia 1680 Nokia 2115i/2116i Nokia 2125i/2126i/2128i Nokia 2128 Nokia 2135 Nokia 216 Nokia 2260 Nokia 2270 Nokia 2285 / 2275 Nokia 2330 Nokia 2365i Nokia 2366i Nokia 2600 Nokia 2608 Nokia 2610 Nokia 2630 Nokia 2650 Nokia 2651 Nokia 2680 Nokia 2700 Classic Nokia 2855 Nokia 2865 Nokia 3100 Nokia 3108 Nokia 3120 Blue Nokia 3128 Nokia 3155i / VI3155 Nokia 3200 Nokia 3205 Nokia 3220 Nokia 3220 Nokia 3230 Nokia 3250 Black Nokia 3285 Nokia 3300 Nokia 3360 / 3361 Nokia 3390 Nokia 3395 Nokia 3500-classic Nokia 3555 Nokia 3560 Nokia 3570 Nokia 3585 / 3585I Nokia 3586I / 3588I Nokia 3588i Nokia 3589I / 3587I Nokia 3590 Nokia 3595 Nokia 3600 Nokia 3600-Slide Wine Nokia 3606 Nokia 3610 Nokia 3620 Nokia 3650 Nokia 3660 Nokia 3660 Nokia 3711 Nokia 5100 Nokia 5130 Nokia 5140 Nokia 5165 Nokia 5185I Nokia 5220-XpressMusic Nokia 5300 Red Nokia 5310 XpressMusic Nokia 5320-XpressMusic Nokia 5500-Sport Nokia 5530 XpressMusic Black Nokia 5610 Nokia 5630 XpressMusic Red Nokia 5700-XpressMusic Nokia 5800-XpressMusic Blue Nokia 6010 Nokia 6015i Nokia 6015i Nokia 6016i Nokia 6020 Nokia 6021 Nokia 6030 Nokia 6030 Nokia 6060 Nokia 6061 Nokia 6085 Nokia 6086 Nokia 6100 Nokia 6101 Nokia 6101/6102 Nokia 6102i Nokia 6103 Nokia 6108 Nokia 6110 Nokia 6111 Nokia 6120-classic Nokia 6121-classic Nokia 6125 Nokia 6126 Nokia 6131 Nokia 6133 Nokia 6133 Nokia 6136 Nokia 6155i Nokia 6165i Nokia 6165i Nokia 6170 Nokia 6200 Nokia 6205 Nokia 6215i Nokia 6215i Nokia 6220 Nokia 6225 / PM6225 Nokia 6230 Nokia 6230i Nokia 6233 Black Nokia 6235i/6236i Nokia 6255i Nokia 6256i Nokia 6260 Nokia 6260 slide Black Nokia 6263 Nokia 6265 Nokia 6267 Nokia 6270 Mist Blue Nokia 6275i Nokia 6280 Grey Nokia 6282 Nokia 6290 Nokia 6300 Nokia 6301 Nokia 6303 Classic Silver Nokia 6305i Nokia 6310I Nokia 6315i Nokia 6340 Nokia 6340I Nokia 6350 Nokia 6360 Nokia 6370 Nokia 6385 Nokia 6500-Slide Nokia 6555 Nokia 6560 Nokia 6585 Nokia 6590 / 6590I Nokia 6600 Nokia 6600-fold Nokia 6600-Slide Nokia 6610 Nokia 6610I Nokia 6620 Nokia 6630 Nokia 6650 Nokia 6651 Nokia 6670 Nokia 6680 Nokia 6682/6681 Nokia 6700 Classic Sliver Nokia 6708 Nokia 6800 Nokia 6800 Nokia 6810 Nokia 6820/6820i Nokia 6822 Nokia 7160 Nokia 7190 Nokia 7200 Nokia 7210 Nokia 7250 / 7250I Nokia 7260 Nokia 7270 Nokia 7280 Nokia 7360 White Amber Nokia 7370 Brown Nokia 7380 Nokia 7510 Nokia 7600 Nokia 7610 Nokia 7610 Supernova Nokia 7700 Nokia 7710 Nokia 7900-Prism Nokia 8260 Nokia 8265 / 8265I Nokia 8270 Nokia 8290 Nokia 8390 Nokia 8600-Luna Nokia 8800 / 8801 Nokia 8800 Arte Nokia 8890 Nokia 9290 Nokia 9300 Nokia 9300i Nokia 9500 Nokia Astound Nokia C6 White Nokia E50 Nokia E51 Nokia E55 Black Aluminium Nokia E61 Nokia E61i Nokia E62 Nokia E63 Ruby Red Nokia E65 Mocca Silver Nokia E66 Nokia E70 Nokia E71 Nokia E71x Nokia E72 Nokia E73 Mode Nokia E75 Red Nokia E90 Nokia Intrigue 7205 Silver Keypad Nokia Lumia 1020 Nokia Lumia 1320 Nokia Lumia 1520 Nokia Lumia 2520 Nokia Lumia 2520 Red Nokia Lumia 520 Nokia Lumia 520 Black Nokia Lumia 521 Nokia Lumia 530 Nokia Lumia 620 Cyan Nokia Lumia 625 Nokia Lumia 635 Nokia Lumia 710 Nokia Lumia 800 Magenta Nokia Lumia 810 Nokia Lumia 810 Nokia Lumia 820 Nokia Lumia 822 Nokia Lumia 830 Nokia Lumia 830 Nokia Lumia 900 Nokia Lumia 920 Nokia Lumia 925 Nokia Lumia 928 Nokia Lumia Icon Nokia Mirage 2605 Nokia Mural Nokia N-Gage Nokia N-GAGE QD Nokia N1 Nokia N70 Nokia n71 Nokia N72 Nokia N73 Nokia N73 Deep Plum Silver Nokia N75 Nokia N76 Red Nokia N78 Nokia N79 Nokia N8 Black Nokia N80 Nokia N81-8GB Nokia N810 Silver Nokia N810 WiMax edition Nokia N82 Nokia N85 Nokia N86 Black Nokia N90 Nokia N900 Nokia N91 Light Chrome Nokia N93 Nokia N95 Nokia N95 8GB Nokia N96 Nokia N97 Nokia N97 Mini Nokia NGage Nokia Nuron 5230 Nokia Nuron 5230 Nokia Shade 2705 Nokia Shorty Nokia Supernova-7210 Nokia Supernova-7310 Nokia Supernova-7510 Nokia Surge Nokia Tiger White Nokia Twist 7705 Nokia VI-3155 Nokia X2 Nokia X2 Novatel Broadband2Go Novatel EX720 Express PC Card Novatel EX720 ExpressCard Novatel Merlin C777 Novatel Merlin S620 Novatel MiFi 5580 Novatel MiFi Liberate Novatel Ovation U727 Novatel Ovation U760 Novatel Ovation-U727 Novatel S720 Novatel S720-Wireless-PC-Card Novatel U720 PC/Mac Card Novatel U760 Novatel USB1000 Global Modem Novatel USB720 Novatel USB727-Modem Novatel V620 EVDO PC Card Novatel V620-EV-DO-PC-card Novatel V640 PC/Mac USB Broadband Card Novatel V640-PC-Card Novatel V740 Express Card Novatel V740 PC/Mac Wireless Broadband Card o2 XDA Ignito o2 XDA-Stealth OnePlus 2 OnePlus 3 OnePlus 3T OnePlus One OnePlus One OnePlus X Oppo N1 Option GT-Max-3.6-Express Option GT-Max-Wireless-Card Option GT-Ultra Option GT-Ultra-Express Overdrive 3G 4G Mobile Hotspot Palm 680 Palm 700p Palm 700w-CDMA Palm 700wx Palm 750 Palm 755p Blue Palm Centro Palm M500 Palm Pixi Palm Pixi Plus Palm Pre Palm Pre Plus Palm Pro Palm Treo 650 Palm Treo 700wx Palm Treo 800w Palm Treo Pro Palm TREO-180 Palm Treo-270 Palm TREO-300 Palm TREO-600-GSM Palm TREO-650 Panasonic ALLURE-EB-TX310 Panasonic DURAMAX-EB-TX220 Panasonic G50 / G51 Panasonic G51U Panasonic G60U Panasonic G70 Panasonic GD55 / A100 Panasonic GD87 / GU87 Panasonic VERSIO-EB-TX320 Panasonic VS7 Panasonic X11 Panasonic X300 Panasonic X500 Panasonic X70 Panasonic X700 Panasonic X800 Pantech Breakout Pantech Breeze II Pantech Breeze III Pantech Breeze IV Black Pantech Breeze-C520 Pantech Burst Pantech C150 Pantech C3b Pantech C610 Pantech C630 Pantech Caper Pantech CDM-180 Pantech CDM8635 Pantech Crossover Pantech Crux Pantech Discover Pantech Duo-C810 Pantech Ease Pantech Element Pantech Flex Pantech Hero/PN-8300 Pantech Hotshot Pantech Impact Pantech Jest Pantech Jest 2 Pantech Laser Pantech Link Pantech Link II Pantech Marauder Pantech Matrix Pantech Matrix Pro Pantech Ocean Pantech Ocean 2 Pantech P7040p Pantech Perception Pantech Perception Pantech PG-8000 Pantech PG-C120 Pantech PG-C300 Pantech PN-215 Pantech PN-218 Pantech PN-320 Pantech PN-3200 Pantech PN-820 Pantech Pocket Pantech Pursuit Pantech Pursuit II Pantech PX-500 Pantech Renue Pantech Renue Pantech Reveal Pantech Slate Pantech Snapper Pantech Swift Pantech UML290 4G USB Modem Pantech UML295 LTE USB Modem Pantech UMW190 Global USB Modem Pantech Vybe PCD CDM 8950 PCD CDM-8975 PCD Chaser PCD Escapade PCD Razzle PCD Sprint Phone Connect Black PCD TXTM8 PCD Venture Black Pebble Steel Black Phone Connect 3 Plum Might Z513 Que 4.5 Que 5.0 REEF RIM BlackBerry 6710 RIM BlackBerry 7100t RIM BlackBerry 7105t RIM BlackBerry 7130e RIM BlackBerry 7230 RIM BlackBerry 8700g Rugged CAT S50 S275G Sagem MY-X-5P Sagem my301L Samsung 4G Mobile Hotspot LC11 Samsung A157 Gray Samsung A177 Samsung A580 Samsung Access Samsung Acclaim SCH-r880 Samsung Admire Samsung Admire Samsung Alias 2 Samsung Array Samsung ATIV Odyssey Samsung ATIV S Neo Samsung ATIV SE Samsung Axle Samsung Beam Samsung Beat Samsung Beat DJ M7600 Samsung Beat-SGH-T539 Samsung Behold Samsung Behold II Samsung BlackJack II i617 Samsung Blackjack-2-SGH-617 Black Samsung BlackJack-SGH-i607 Samsung Blast-SGH-T729 Samsung Brightside Samsung Byline R310 Samsung Caliber SCH-r850 Samsung Captivate Samsung Captivate Glide Samsung Character Gray Samsung Chianti Samsung Chrono Samsung Chrono 2 Samsung Cobra M320-Burgundy Samsung Code Samsung Comeback Samsung Comment Samsung Comment 2 Samsung Conquer 4G Samsung Continuum Samsung Contour 2 Samsung Contour 2 Samsung Convoy Samsung Convoy 2 Samsung Convoy 3 Samsung Craft Samsung Craft SCH-r900 Samsung D415 Samsung D510 Samsung D900 Samsung Dart Samsung Dart Samsung Delve Samsung Diane-Von-Furstenberg-Mobile Samsung DoubleTime Samsung Drift Samsung E105 Samsung E315 Samsung E335 Samsung E350 Samsung E635 Samsung E715 Samsung Emporio-Armani-M7500 Samsung Entro Samsung Epic Samsung Epic 4G Touch Samsung Epix Samsung Eternity Samsung Eternity II Samsung Evergreen Samsung Exclaim Samsung Exec SCH-i225 Samsung Exhibit 4G Samsung Exhibit II 4G Samsung F110-Adidas-miCoach Samsung F700 Samsung Factor Samsung Fascinate Samsung Fin Samsung Finesse r810 Samsung Flight Samsung Flight II Samsung FlipShot-U900 Black Samsung Focus Samsung Focus 2 Samsung Focus Flash Samsung Focus S Samsung Freeform Samsung Freeform 4 Samsung Freeform 5 Samsung Freeform II Samsung Freeform II Samsung Freeform III Samsung Freeform III Samsung Freeform M Samsung G800 Samsung Galaxy 4 mini White Samsung Galaxy A3 (2017) Samsung Galaxy A5 Samsung Galaxy A5 (2017) Samsung Galaxy A7 (2017) Samsung Galaxy Ace Samsung Galaxy Ace 3 4G LTE Samsung Galaxy Ace 4 LTE Samsung Galaxy Ace Style Samsung Galaxy Admire 4G Samsung Galaxy Alpha Samsung Galaxy Alpha Samsung Galaxy Amp Samsung Galaxy Appeal Samsung Galaxy Attain 4G Samsung Galaxy Attain 4G Samsung Galaxy Avant Samsung Galaxy Axiom Samsung Galaxy Centura Samsung Galaxy Core Samsung Galaxy Core Prime Samsung Galaxy Discover Samsung Galaxy E5 Samsung Galaxy Exhibit Samsung Galaxy Exhilarate Samsung Galaxy Express 3 Samsung Galaxy Express GoPhone Samsung Galaxy Express Prime Samsung Galaxy Gear Samsung Galaxy Go Prime Samsung Galaxy Grand Prime Samsung Galaxy i7500 Samsung Galaxy Indulge Samsung Galaxy Indulge Samsung Galaxy J1 Ace Samsung Galaxy J1 LTE Samsung Galaxy J1 Mini Samsung Galaxy J2 Samsung Galaxy J3 (2016) Samsung Galaxy J3 V Samsung Galaxy J5 Samsung Galaxy J7 Samsung Galaxy K zoom Samsung Galaxy Legend Samsung Galaxy Light Samsung Galaxy Luna Samsung Galaxy Mega 2 Samsung Galaxy Mega 2 Samsung Galaxy Mega 5.8 Samsung Galaxy Mega 6.3 Samsung Galaxy Metrix 4G Samsung Galaxy Note Samsung Galaxy Note 10.1 Samsung Galaxy Note 3 Samsung Galaxy Note 4 Samsung Galaxy Note 5 Samsung Galaxy Note 8.0 Samsung Galaxy Note Edge Samsung Galaxy Note II Samsung Galaxy Note Pro Samsung Galaxy Note Pro Samsung Galaxy Note5 Samsung Galaxy Note7 Samsung Galaxy On5 Samsung Galaxy Precedent Samsung Galaxy Premier Samsung Galaxy Prevail Samsung Galaxy Prevail Samsung Galaxy Prevail 2 Samsung Galaxy Prevail 2 White Samsung Galaxy Proclaim Samsung Galaxy Proclaim Samsung Galaxy Reverb Samsung Galaxy Ring Samsung Galaxy Rugby Pro Samsung Galaxy Rush Samsung Galaxy S 4 zoom Samsung Galaxy S 4G Samsung Galaxy S Aviator Samsung Galaxy S Blaze Samsung Galaxy S II Samsung Galaxy S II Skyrocket HD Samsung Galaxy S III Samsung Galaxy S III Mini Samsung Galaxy S Lightray 4G Samsung Galaxy S Lightray 4G Samsung Galaxy S Relay 4G Samsung Galaxy S WiFi 4.2 White Samsung Galaxy S4 Samsung Galaxy S4 Active Samsung Galaxy S4 Mini Samsung Galaxy S5 Samsung Galaxy S5 Active Samsung Galaxy S5 mini Samsung Galaxy S5 Sport Samsung Galaxy S6 Samsung Galaxy S6 Active Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge Samsung Galaxy S6 edge+ Samsung Galaxy S6 edge+ Samsung Galaxy S7 Samsung Galaxy S7 Active Samsung Galaxy S7 edge Samsung Galaxy Sky Samsung Galaxy Stardust Samsung Galaxy Stellar Samsung Galaxy Stratosphere II Samsung Galaxy Tab Samsung Galaxy Tab 2 Samsung Galaxy Tab 3 Samsung Galaxy Tab 3 7.0 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 10.1 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 8.0 Samsung Galaxy Tab S Samsung Galaxy Tab S 10.5 Samsung Galaxy Tab S 10.5 Samsung Galaxy Tab S 8.4 Samsung Galaxy Tab S White Samsung Galaxy Tab S2 9.7 Samsung Galaxy Tab4 7.0 White Samsung Galaxy TabPRO Samsung Galaxy Victory 4G LTE Samsung Galaxy View Samsung Gear 2 Samsung Gear Live Samsung Gear S Samsung Gear S2 Samsung Gear S3 Classic Samsung Gear S3 Frontier Samsung Gem Samsung Gleam-U700 Samsung Glint Pink Samsung Gloss SCH-U440 Samsung Glyde Samsung Gravity 2 Samsung Gravity 3 Samsung Gravity Q Samsung Gravity SMART Samsung Gravity T Samsung Gravity TXT Samsung GT2 Samsung Gusto Samsung Gusto 2 Samsung Gusto 3 Samsung Gusto 3 Blue Samsung Haven Samsung Heat Samsung Highlight Samsung Highlight T749 Ice Samsung Highnote Samsung Hue II Samsung i400 Samsung i740 Samsung i8510 Samsung i900-Omnia Samsung Illusion Samsung Impact Samsung Impression Samsung Indulge Samsung Infinity Samsung Infuse 4G Samsung Instinct Samsung Instinct HD Samsung Instinct S30 Samsung Instinct s30 Touch of Copper Samsung Intensity Samsung Intensity II Samsung Intensity III Samsung Intercept Samsung Intrepid Samsung IP-830w Samsung IP-A790 Samsung Jack Samsung JetSet-R550 Samsung Jitterbug-SPH-A110 Samsung Katalyst T739 Samsung Katalyst-SGH-T739 Samsung Knack U310 Samsung LTE MiFi Samsung LTE Mobile HotSpot Pro Samsung Lucello Samsung M140 Samsung M220 Samsung M240 Samsung M300 Samsung M3200-Beat-S Samsung M330 Samsung M370 Samsung M400 Samsung M500 Samsung M510 Samsung M510 Pink Samsung M520 Samsung M575 Samsung M610 Samsung Magnet Samsung Mantra M340 Samsung Memoir Samsung Mesmerize Samsung Messager II R560 Samsung Messager III Samsung Messager R450 Samsung Messager Touch SCH-r630 Blue Samsung Mirage-i907 Samsung MM-A700 Samsung MM-A800 Samsung MM-A880 Samsung MM-A900 Samsung MM-A920 Samsung MM-A920 Samsung MM-A940 Samsung Moment Samsung Mondi WiMAX SWD-M100 Samsung Montage Samsung Muse Samsung MyShot Samsung MyShot II R460 Samsung Mysto Samsung Mythic Samsung Omnia Samsung Omnia HD i8910 Samsung Omnia II Samsung P300 Samsung Pivot Samsung Pixon-M8800 Samsung PM-A740 Samsung PM-A840 Samsung Precedent Samsung Profile Samsung Propel Samsung Propel Pro Samsung R225m Samsung R335C Samsung R375C Samsung R451C Samsung R455C Samsung Rant Samsung Reality Samsung Reclaim Samsung Renown Samsung Replenish Samsung Repp Samsung Restore Samsung Rogue Samsung Rugby Samsung Rugby 4 Samsung Rugby II Samsung Rugby III Samsung Rugby Smart Samsung S125 Black Samsung S150G Black Samsung S275G Samsung S336C Samsung S380C Samsung S390G Samsung S425G Samsung Saga Samsung SCH r451c Samsung SCH-A220 Samsung SCH-A310 Samsung SCH-A530 Samsung SCH-A570 Samsung SCH-A610 Samsung SCH-A630 Samsung SCH-a645 Samsung SCH-A650 Samsung SCH-A670 Samsung SCH-A690 Samsung SCH-A770 Samsung SCH-A790 Samsung SCH-A850 Samsung SCH-A870 Samsung SCH-A890 Samsung SCH-A930 Samsung SCH-A950 Samsung SCH-A970 Samsung SCH-A990 Samsung SCH-I600 / SP-I600 Samsung SCH-i730 Samsung SCH-i760 Samsung SCH-i830 Samsung SCH-N150 Samsung SCH-N330 Samsung SCH-N370 Samsung SCH-R200 Samsung SCH-R300 Samsung SCH-R400 Samsung SCH-R410 Samsung SCH-r470 Red Samsung SCH-r500 Hue Samsung SCH-R610 Samsung SCH-T300 Samsung SCH-U340 Samsung SCH-U340-Snap Samsung SCH-U410 Samsung SCH-U420 Samsung SCH-u430 Black Samsung SCH-U470-Juke Navy Samsung SCH-U520 Samsung SCH-U540 Samsung SCH-U550 Samsung SCH-U620 Samsung SCH-U740 Samsung SCH-U740 Alias Samsung Seek Samsung SGH A237-Blue Samsung SGH A777 Blue Samsung SGH T429 Samsung SGH-A107 Samsung SGH-a127 Samsung SGH-A137 Samsung SGH-A167 Samsung SGH-A187 Blue Samsung SGH-A197 Black Samsung SGH-A226 Samsung SGH-A227 Samsung SGH-A437 Red Samsung SGH-A517 Samsung SGH-A637 Samsung SGH-a657 Samsung SGH-A717 Samsung SGH-A727 Samsung SGH-A736 Samsung SGH-A737 Blue Samsung SGH-C207 Samsung SGH-C225 Samsung SGH-C416 Black Samsung SGH-C417 Grey Samsung SGH-D100 Samsung SGH-D307 Samsung SGH-D357 Samsung SGH-D407 Samsung SGH-D415 / SGH-D410 Samsung SGH-D500 Samsung SGH-D520 Samsung SGH-D600 Samsung SGH-D700 Samsung SGH-D720 Samsung SGH-d800 Samsung SGH-D806 Black Samsung SGH-D807 Grey Samsung SGH-D820 Samsung SGH-D840 Samsung SGH-D900 Samsung SGH-E105 Samsung SGH-E315 Samsung SGH-E316 / SGH-E317 Samsung SGH-E335 Samsung SGH-E360 Samsung SGH-E400 Samsung SGH-E600 Samsung SGH-E610 Samsung SGH-E630 Samsung SGH-E635 Samsung SGH-E640 Samsung SGH-E715 Samsung SGH-E720 Samsung SGH-E730 Samsung SGH-E760 Samsung SGH-E770 Samsung SGH-E840 Samsung SGH-E870 Samsung SGH-E880 Samsung SGH-E900 Samsung SGH-i250 Samsung SGH-i300 Samsung SGH-i320 Samsung SGH-I505 / SGH-I500 Samsung SGH-I700 Samsung SGH-N105 Samsung SGH-N625 Samsung SGH-P100 Samsung SGH-P107 Samsung SGH-P207 Samsung SGH-P400 / SGH-P408 Samsung SGH-P500 Samsung SGH-P705 Samsung SGH-P716 / SGH-P710 Samsung SGH-P735 / SGH-P730 Samsung SGH-P777 Samsung SGH-P850 Samsung SGH-Q105 Samsung SGH-R225 / SGH-R225M Samsung SGH-S105 / SGH-S100 Samsung SGH-S200 Samsung SGH-S300 / SGH-S300M Samsung SGH-S307 Samsung SGH-T101G Samsung SGH-T139 Samsung SGH-T199 Samsung SGH-T201G Samsung SGH-T209 Red Samsung SGH-T219 Chocolate Samsung SGH-T229 Samsung SGH-T239 Maroon Samsung SGH-T249 Blue Samsung SGH-T259 Samsung SGH-T301G Samsung SGH-t309 Samsung SGH-t319 Samsung SGH-t349 Samsung SGH-T369 Samsung SGH-T409 Samsung SGH-T439 Samsung SGH-T509 Silver Samsung SGH-T509s Plum Samsung SGH-T519 Trace Samsung SGH-T609 Samsung SGH-T619 Samsung SGH-T629 Samsung SGH-T639 Samsung SGH-t659 Samsung SGH-T709 Samsung SGH-T719 Samsung SGH-T809 Samsung SGH-t819 Samsung SGH-V100 Samsung SGH-V205 / V200 / V206 Samsung SGH-X105 Samsung SGH-X400 Samsung SGH-X426 / SGH-X427 Samsung SGH-X450 Samsung SGH-X475 Samsung SGH-X480 Samsung SGH-X495 Samsung SGH-X496 Samsung SGH-X497 Samsung SGH-X506 Samsung SGH-X507 Samsung SGH-X640 Grey Samsung SGH-X660 Samsung SGH-X820 Samsung SGH-X830 Black Samsung SGH-ZX10 Samsung SGH-ZX20 Samsung Showcase Samsung Sidekick 4G Samsung Slash Samsung SLM-SGH-A747 Blue Samsung Smiley Samsung Smooth Samsung Socializer B3310 Pink Samsung Solstice Samsung Solstice II Samsung SP-i600 Samsung SPH-A250 Samsung SPH-A400 Samsung SPH-A420 Samsung SPH-A460 Samsung SPH-A500 Samsung SPH-A520 Samsung SPH-A540 Samsung SPH-A560 Samsung SPH-A580 Samsung SPH-A600 Samsung SPH-A620 / VGA1000 Samsung SPH-A640 Samsung SPH-A660 / VI660 Samsung SPH-A680 / VM-A680 Samsung SPH-A740 Samsung SPH-A760 Samsung SPH-A820 Samsung SPH-A860 Samsung SPH-A960 Samsung SPH-I300 Samsung SPH-i325-Ace Samsung SPH-I330 Samsung SPH-I500 Samsung SPH-I550 Samsung SPH-I700 Samsung SPH-M300 Silver Samsung SPH-M500 Red Samsung SPH-M610 Samsung SPH-N200 Samsung SPH-N240 Samsung SPH-N270 Matrix Samsung SPH-N290 Samsung SPH-N400 Samsung SPH-P9000 Samsung SPH-S100 Samsung SPH-Z400 Samsung SPH/SCH-N300 Samsung Stratosphere Samsung Stratosphere II Black Samsung Stride R335 Samsung Strike T459 Lime Samsung Stripe T329 Samsung Stripe-SGH-T329 Black Samsung Strive Samsung Stunt Samsung Suede Samsung Sunburst Samsung Sway Samsung SYNC-SGH-A707 Samsung T105G Black Samsung T109 Samsung T119 Samsung T139 Samsung T159 Samsung T201G Samsung T209 Samsung T219 Samsung T245G Gray Samsung T309 Samsung T319 Samsung T339 Samsung T369 Samsung T401G Samsung T404G Samsung T439 Samsung T509 Samsung T519 Trace Samsung T528G Samsung T609 Samsung T619 Samsung T629 Samsung T719 Samsung T809 Samsung Tocco T919 Samsung Trance Samsung Transfix SCH-R730 Samsung Transform Samsung Transform Ultra Samsung Trender Samsung Trill SCH-r520 Samsung Trinity Samsung U370 Black Samsung U430 Samsung Ultra Touch S8300 Samsung Upstage M620 Samsung UpStage-M620 Samsung VI660 Samsung Vibrant Samsung Vitality Samsung Wafer-R510 Samsung Wave S8500 Samsung X495 Samsung Z500 Samsung Z510 Samsung Z540 Samsung Z700 Samsung Zeal Sanyo 7050 Sanyo 8400 Sanyo Incognito Sanyo Innuendo Sanyo Innuendo by Kyocera Sanyo Juno SCP2700 Deep Blue Sanyo Katana Sanyo Katana Blue Sanyo Katana DLX Sanyo Katana Eclipse Sanyo Katana Eclipse X Sanyo Katana II Sanyo Katana LX Sanyo Katana-DLX Champagne Sanyo Katana-II Cosmic Black Sanyo M1 Sanyo M1 Sanyo Mirro SCP3810 Sanyo MM-5600 Sanyo MM-7500 Sanyo MM-8300 Sanyo MM-8300 Red Sanyo MM-9000 Sanyo MM7400 Sanyo MVP Sanyo PM8200 / SCP-8200 Sanyo PRO-200 Sanyo RL-4930 Sanyo RL4920 Sanyo S1 Sanyo SCP-200 Pink Sanyo SCP-2400 Sanyo SCP-2400 Misty Rose Sanyo SCP-2700 Sanyo SCP-3100 Sanyo SCP-3100 Pure Silver Sanyo SCP-3200 Sanyo SCP-3200 Black Sanyo SCP-3810 Sanyo SCP-4700 Sanyo SCP-4900 Sanyo SCP-5150 Sanyo SCP-5300 Sanyo SCP-5400 / RL2500 Sanyo SCP-5500 / VM4500 Sanyo SCP-6000 Sanyo SCP-6200 Sanyo SCP-6400 Sanyo SCP-7000 Black Sanyo SCP-7050 Sanyo SCP-7200 / RL2000 Sanyo SCP-7300 / RL7300 Sanyo SCP-8100 Sanyo SCP-8400 Midnight Black Sanyo Taho by Kyocera Sanyo Vero by Kyocera Sanyo VI-2300 Pink Sanyo Zio Saygus V2 Sendo M551 Sendo S-251 Sendo X Sendo Z100 Sharp 903 Sharp Aquos Crystal Sharp Aquos Crystal White Sharp FX Sharp FX PLUS Sharp GX-10 / GX-10I Sharp GX-15 / GZ100 Sharp GX-20 / GX-22 Sharp GX-25 Sharp GX-30 / GX-32 Sharp Sidekick 3 Sharp Sidekick-LX Blue Sharp T-Mobile Sidekick - Tony Hawk Edition Sharp TM-100 Sharp TM-150 Sharp TM-200 Sharp Z-800-Audiovox-7900 Siemens A56 / A56I Siemens A60 Siemens A65 Siemens C56 Siemens C60 Siemens C61 Siemens C62 Siemens CF62T Siemens CF63 / CF62/CF62t Siemens CT56 Siemens CT66 / C66 / C65 Siemens CX66 / CX65 Siemens M46 Siemens M55 Siemens M56 Siemens M65 Siemens MC60 Siemens S40 Siemens S46 Siemens S55 Siemens S56 Siemens S66 Siemens SK65 Siemens SL55 Siemens SL56 Siemens SL65 Siemens SX1 Siemens SX56 Siemens SX66 Siemens U10 Siemens U15 Sierra 598 USB Modem Sierra USB Lightning 305 Sierra Wireless 250U Aircard Silver Sierra Wireless 4G LTE Tri-Fi Hotspot Sierra Wireless AC595 PC Wireless Card Sierra Wireless AC595 PC/Mac Wireless Card Sierra Wireless AC595 PCMCIA Wireless Card Sierra Wireless AC595U Sierra Wireless AC595U USB PC/Mac Card Sierra Wireless AC597 ExpressCard PC/Mac Card Sierra Wireless AC597E-PC-Card Sierra Wireless Air-Card-875 Sierra Wireless AirCard 402 Sierra Wireless Aircard-860 Sierra Wireless Aircard-875u Sierra Wireless AirCard-881 Sierra Wireless Mercury USB Modem Sierra Wireless Overdrive Pro Sierra Wireless Overdrive Pro Mobile Hotspot Sierra Wireless U597 Aircard Sierra Wireless Unite Sierra Wireless USBConnect Shockwave Sierra Wireless USBConnect-881 Sierra Wireless VOQ-A11 SKY 4.0 Sky 5.0L Sonim XP STRIKE Sonim XP5 Sonim XP6 Sony C1904 Xperia M Sony Ericsson C510 Silver Sony Ericsson C702a Sony Ericsson C901 Noble Black Sony Ericsson C902 Red Sony Ericsson C903 Red Sony Ericsson C905 Sony Ericsson D750 Sony Ericsson Equinox Sony Ericsson G700 Business Edition Sony Ericsson GC79 Sony Ericsson GC79 Cellular and WiFi PC Card Sony Ericsson GC82 Sony Ericsson GC83 Sony Ericsson GC89 Sony Ericsson GC89 PCMCIA PC Cell WiFi Card Sony Ericsson GC99 Sony Ericsson Idou Sony Ericsson J220 Sony Ericsson J300a Sony Ericsson K500 Sony Ericsson K510a Sony Ericsson K550 Sony Ericsson K550 Sony Ericsson K600i Sony Ericsson K660i Red Sony Ericsson K700I Sony Ericsson K750i Sony Ericsson K770 Truffle Brown Sony Ericsson K790 Sony Ericsson K790a Sony Ericsson K800-Euro Sony Ericsson K850i Sony Ericsson M600i Sony Ericsson Mix Walkman Sony Ericsson P800 Sony Ericsson P900 Sony Ericsson P910 Sony Ericsson P990i Sony Ericsson R300 Antique Copper Sony Ericsson R306a Sony Ericsson S312 Dawn Blue Sony Ericsson S500 Sony Ericsson S700I Sony Ericsson S710A Sony Ericsson T106 Sony Ericsson T200 Sony Ericsson T206 Sony Ericsson T226 Sony Ericsson T237 Sony Ericsson T280a Sony Ericsson T290 Sony Ericsson T300 Sony Ericsson T306 Sony Ericsson T310 Sony Ericsson T316 Sony Ericsson T600 Sony Ericsson T606 Sony Ericsson T608 Sony Ericsson T610 Sony Ericsson T610 Sony Ericsson T616 Sony Ericsson T61C Sony Ericsson T61D / T61LX Sony Ericsson T61Z Sony Ericsson T62U Sony Ericsson T630 Sony Ericsson T637 Sony Ericsson T68I Sony Ericsson T700 Sony Ericsson T707 Mysterious Black Sony Ericsson TM506 Sony Ericsson txt pro Sony Ericsson V800 Sony Ericsson W200 Sony Ericsson W300i Sony Ericsson W302 White Sony Ericsson W380a electric purple Sony Ericsson W395 Blush Titanium Sony Ericsson W508 Sony Ericsson W580i White Sony Ericsson W595 Sony Ericsson W600i Sony Ericsson W610 Sony Ericsson W705 Sony Ericsson W710i Sony Ericsson W715 Sony Ericsson W760 Black Sony Ericsson W800i Sony Ericsson W810 Sony Ericsson W850 Sony Ericsson w850i Sony Ericsson W890i Black Sony Ericsson W900i White Sony Ericsson W902 Sony Ericsson W910 Black Sony Ericsson W950 Sony Ericsson W980 Sony Ericsson W995 Progressive Black Sony Ericsson Xperia Arc Misty Silver Sony Ericsson Xperia PLAY Sony Ericsson Xperia X10 Mini Sony Ericsson Xperia X10 Mini Pro Sony Ericsson Xperia X2 Sony Ericsson XPERIA-X1 Sony Ericsson Z200 Sony Ericsson Z300a Sony Ericsson Z310a Jet Black Sony Ericsson Z500 / Z500a Sony Ericsson Z520a Sony Ericsson Z525a Sony Ericsson Z550a Sterling Sony Ericsson Z555a Black Sony Ericsson Z600 Sony Ericsson Z610 Airy Blue Sony Ericsson Z780 Sony Ericsson Z780 Grand Onyx Sony SmartWatch 3 Sony Xperia acro S Black Sony Xperia E3 Sony Xperia E4 Sony Xperia L Red Sony Xperia M Yellow Sony Xperia M4 Aqua Sony Xperia P Sony Xperia PLAY 4G Sony Xperia S Sony Xperia SP Sony Xperia SP White Sony Xperia T3 LTE Sony Xperia Tablet Z Sony Xperia tipo dual Classic Black Sony Xperia tipo Serene Black Sony Xperia TL Sony Xperia U Sony Xperia X Sony Xperia X Performance Sony Xperia X10 Sony Xperia XA Sony Xperia XA Ultra Sony Xperia XT Sony Xperia XZ Sony Xperia Z Sony Xperia Z Ultra Sony Xperia Z1 Sony Xperia Z1 Compact Sony Xperia Z1S Sony Xperia Z2 Sony Xperia Z2 Sony Xperia Z2 tablet Sony Xperia Z3 Sony Xperia Z3 Compact Sony Xperia Z3+ Sony Xperia Z3v Sony Xperia Z3v White Sony Xperia Z4 Sony Xperia Z4 Tablet Sony Xperia Z4v Sony Xperia Z5 Sony Xperia Z5 Compact Sony Xperia Z5 Premium Sony Z Ultra Google Play edition SpareOne Emergency Phone Spectrum 2 by LG Spectrum by LG Sprint 3G/4G Plug-in Connect USB Sprint Flash Sprint Force Sprint LivePro Sprint Phone Connect 2 Sprint Plug-in-Connect Trimode Sprint Pocket WiFi Sprint PPC 6700 Sprint Vital Sprint WeGo T-Mobile 4G LTE HotSpot Z915 T-Mobile 4G Mobile Hotspot T-Mobile 665 T-Mobile 665 Navy Blue T-Mobile 768 T-Mobile Comet T-Mobile Concord T-Mobile Concord T-Mobile Concord II T-Mobile Dash T-Mobile G-Slate with Google T-Mobile G2 T-Mobile G2x T-Mobile Jet 2.0 4G Stick T-Mobile MDA T-Mobile myTouch T-Mobile myTouch 4G T-Mobile myTouch 4G Slide T-Mobile myTouch Q T-Mobile Prism T-Mobile Prism II T-Mobile Rocket 3.0 4G Laptop T-Mobile SDA T-Mobile Sidekick 3 T-Mobile Sidekick iD T-Mobile Sidekick II T-Mobile Sonic 2.0 Mobile Hotspot T-Mobile Sonic 4G T-Mobile Sparq T-Mobile Sparq T-Mobile Wing Telson TDC-8100 Toshiba CDM-9950 / VM4050 Toshiba Excite 10 LE Toshiba Excite Pro Toshiba Excite Pure Toshiba Excite Write Toshiba TG01 Toshiba Thrive 16GB Toshiba VM-4050 Turing Phone UNIMAX MAXBravo UNIMAX MAXPatriot Unimax MXE-675 Unimax U671C Black UT Starcom PC-5740 UTStarcom 5740-PC-Card UTStarcom Arc-CDM-8074 UTStarcom Blitz UTStarcom Casio-G'zOne-Type-S UTStarcom CDM-220 UTStarcom CDM-7025 UTStarcom CDM-7026 UTStarcom CDM-7075 UTStarcom CDM-7126 UTStarcom CDM-8945 UTStarcom Coupe UTStarcom G'zOne UTStarcom Knick UTStarcom PC5750 PCMCIA PC Broadband Card UTStarcom PC5750-PC-Card UTStarcom PCS-1450 / CDM-1450 UTStarcom Quickfire Gray UTStarcom Shuttle UTStarcom Slice-PCS-1400 UTStarcom UM150-USB-Modem UTStarcom UM175 USB Velocity Micro Cruz 10 inch 4GB Black Velocity Micro Cruz 7 inch 4GB Black Velocity Micro Cruz T510 10 inch Verizon 4G LTE Broadband Router with Voice Verizon 4G LTE MiFi 4510L Verizon 4G LTE USB Modem 551L Verizon 4G LTE USB Modem UML295 Verizon Adamant Verizon Ellipsis 8 Verizon Ellipsis Jetpack MHS800L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot - MiFi MHS291L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot MHS291L Verizon Jetpack MiFi 4620LE 4G LTE Verizon Jetpack MiFi 5510L 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot Verizon Jetpack MiFi 6620L Verizon Wireless 4G LTE USB Modem 551L Verizon Wireless Ellipsis Black 7 Inch Verizon Wireless Fivespot Global Ready 3G Mobile Hotspot Verizon Wireless Home Phone Connect Verizon Wireless Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot MiFi 5510L Verizon Wireless Turbine 7.0 Verizon Wireless USB551L Virgin Mobile Awe Visual Land Prestige 7Q Black Vizio VIA Phone Vizio VIA Tablet VK Mobile Kickflip vtech A700 Wikipad 7 inch tablet Windows Phone 8S Windows Phone 8X Xiaomi Mi 3 Xiaomi Mi 4i Xiaomi Redmi 2 Xperia ion by Sony YotaPhone 2 Zenum International Mobile Hotspot ZTE 4G LTE Router with Voice ZTE Agent ZTE Allstar ZTE Anthem 4G ZTE Anthem 4G ZTE Aspect ZTE AT&T Home Phone Connect ZTE Atrium ZTE Avail ZTE Avail 2 ZTE Avid 4G ZTE Avid 4G ZTE Avid Plus ZTE Avid Trio ZTE AWE ZTE Axon 7 ZTE Axon Pro ZTE Boost Max+ ZTE C78 ZTE C79 ZTE Chorus ZTE Citrine ZTE Compel ZTE Compel Black ZTE Concord II ZTE Cymbal-T ZTE Director ZTE Engage ZTE Engage LT ZTE Flash ZTE Force ZTE Fury ZTE Grand S ZTE Grand S II ZTE Grand S Pro ZTE Grand S3 ZTE Grand X 3 ZTE Grand X Max+ ZTE Groove Black ZTE Illustra ZTE Imperial ZTE Jetpack ZTE Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot EuFi890 ZTE Lever ZTE LivePro ZTE Majesty ZTE Maven ZTE Maven 2 ZTE Max Duo ZTE Memo ZTE Merit ZTE Midnight ZTE MSGM8 II ZTE Mustang ZTE Mustang ZTE Nubia 5S Mini ZTE Nubia Z11 ZTE Nubia Z5 ZTE Obsidian ZTE Optik ZTE Optik ZTE Overture ZTE Overture 2 ZTE Paragon ZTE Prelude ZTE Prestige ZTE Quartz ZTE Rapido LTE ZTE Reef ZTE Salute ZTE Savvy ZTE Scend ZTE Score ZTE Score M ZTE Solar ZTE Sonata 4G White ZTE Source Black ZTE Speed ZTE Stratos ZTE Supreme ZTE Supreme ZTE Tempo ZTE Unico LTE ZTE Unite ZTE Valet ZTE Velocity ZTE Vital ZTE Warp ZTE Warp 7 ZTE Warp Elite ZTE Warp Sequent ZTE Warp Sync ZTE Warp Sync ZTE Whirl ZTE Whirl 2 ZTE Whirl 2 Black ZTE Z221 Black ZTE Z222 ZTE Z331 Black ZTE Z431 Black ZTE Z432 ZTE Z432 Black ZTE Z667 ZTE Z768 Midnight Blue ZTE Z990 ZTE Z992 Black ZTE Zephyr ZTE Zinger ZTE ZMAX ZTE ZMAX 2 ZTE ZMax Pro ALLTEL U Prepaid Pay-per-day cell phone plan details ALLTEL U Prepaid Pay-per-minute cell phone plan details ALLTEL U Prepaid pay-per-month 200 cell phone plan details ALLTEL U Prepaid pay-per-month 400 cell phone plan details ALLTEL U Prepaid Pay-per-month 700 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Family Choice Plan cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 1000 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 1200 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 1600 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 2200 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 4500 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 6500 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 700 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless My Circle Family Choice Plus 1000 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless My Circle Family Choice Plus 2000 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless MyCircle Family Choice Premier 2200 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless MyCircle Smart Choice 500 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 1400 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 2100 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 4000 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 500 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 6000 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 750 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 900 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom Unlimited cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Smart Choice Pack 1200 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Smart Choice Pack 2000 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Smart Choice Pack 500 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Smart Choice Pack 5500 cell phone plan details amp'd $100 National 3000 cell phone plan details amp'd $150 National Unlimited cell phone plan details amp'd $30 National 500 cell phone plan details amp'd $70 National 1500 cell phone plan details amp'd End The Boredom cell phone plan details amp'd Unlimited Forever Overdose cell phone plan details amp'd Unlimited Forever Overload cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 200 MB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 250MB 2YR cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 250MB for 4G LTE Tablets cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 3GB 2YR cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 3GB for 4G LTE Tablets cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 3GB for Tablets cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 5GB 2YR cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 5GB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 5GB for 4G cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 5GB for 4G LTE cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 5GB for 4G LTE Tablets cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for 3GB for Tablets cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for iPad 250MB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for iPad 3GB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for iPad 5GB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for Tablets 250MB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for Tablets 3GB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for Tablets 5GB cell phone plan details AT&T DataPlus 300MB for BlackBerry cell phone plan details AT&T DataPlus 300MB for BlackBerry for 4G cell phone plan details AT&T DataPlus 300MB for iPhone 4S cell phone plan details AT&T DataPlus 300MB for iPhone cell phone plan details AT&T DataPlus 300MB for Smartphones 4G cell phone plan details AT&T DataPlus 300MB for Smartphones cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 3GB for BlackBerry cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 3GB for BlackBerry for 4G cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 3GB for iPhone 4S cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 3GB for iPhone cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 3GB for Smartphones 4G cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 3GB for Smartphones cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 5GB for BlackBerry for 4G Tethering cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 5GB for BlackBerry Tethering cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 5GB for iPhone 4S Personal Hotspot cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 5GB for iPhone Personal Hotspot cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 5GB for Smartphones 4G Tethering cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 5GB for Smartphones Tethering cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone $2 Daily Unlimited cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone $25 Monthly cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone $30 Monthly Plan for Smartphones AT&T GoPhone $35 Monthly cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone $40 Monthly Plan for Smartphones AT&T GoPhone $45 Monthly cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone $45 Smartphone Monthly Plan with Data AT&T GoPhone $60 Smartphone Monthly Plan with Data AT&T GoPhone 10¢ per Minute cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone 250MB of data for tablets cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone 3GB of data for tablets cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone 5GB of data for tablets cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone Smartphone $2 day Unlimited Talk and Text cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone Smartphone 10¢ per minute cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share 10GB AT&T Mobile Share 15GB AT&T Mobile Share 2GB AT&T Mobile Share 300MB AT&T Mobile Share 50GB AT&T Mobile Share 6GB AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (10GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (15GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (1GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (20GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (2GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (300MB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (30GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (40GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (4GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (50GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (6GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 100GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 10GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 16GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 1GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 25GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 30GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 3GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 40GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 50GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 60GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 6GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 80GB AT&T Mobile Share Data 20GB cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Data 40GB cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Data 4GB cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value 10GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 15GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 1GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 20GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 25GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 2GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 300MB AT&T Mobile Share Value 30GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 3GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 40GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 50GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 5GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 60GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 6GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 7GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 8GB AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Basic or Messaging 10GB-50GB plans cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Basic or Messaging 300MB-6GB plans cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Broadband cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Smartphone No annual service contract 10GB-50GB plans cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Smartphone No annual service contract 300MB-6GB plans cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Smartphone Two-year agreement 10GB-50GB plans cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Smartphone Two-year agreement 300MB-6GB plans cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Tablet cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Wireless Home Phone cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share with Unlimited Talk & Text 1GB cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share with Unlimited Talk & Text 8GB cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 1350 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 2000 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 4000 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 450 w/ Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 450 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 6000 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 900 w/ Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 900 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family 1400 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family 2100 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family 3000 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family 4000 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family 6000 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family 700 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family Talk Additional Line $49.99 cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family Talk Additional Line $9.99 cell phone plan details AT&T Nation FamilyTalk 1400 w/ Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation FamilyTalk 2100 w/ Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation FamilyTalk 550 w/ Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation FamilyTalk 700 w/ Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation FamilyTalk Unlimited cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Unlimited cell phone plan details AT&T Nation with Canada FamilyTalk 1400 - NWCFT1400 - Additional Line cell phone plan details AT&T Nation with Canada FamilyTalk 2100 - NWCFT2100 - Additional Line cell phone plan details AT&T Nation with Canada FamilyTalk 3000 - NWCFT3000 - Additional Line cell phone plan details AT&T Nation with Canada FamilyTalk 4000 - NWCFT4000 - Additional Line cell phone plan details AT&T Nation with Canada FamilyTalk 6000 - NWCFT6000 - Additional Line cell phone plan details AT&T Nation with Canada FamilyTalk 700 - NWCFT700 - Additional Line cell phone plan details AT&T Senior Nation 200 cell phone plan details AT&T Unlimited Data with DIRECTV AT&T Unlimited Home Phone Calling cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico 1350 and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico 1400 FamilyTalk cell phone plan details | PhoneDog AT&T Viva Mexico 2000 and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico 2100 FamilyTalk cell phone plan details | PhoneDog AT&T Viva Mexico 3000 FamilyTalk cell phone plan details | PhoneDog AT&T Viva Mexico 4000 and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico 4000 FamilyTalk cell phone plan details | PhoneDog AT&T Viva Mexico 450 and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico 6000 and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico 6000 FamilyTalk cell phone plan details | PhoneDog AT&T Viva Mexico 700 FamilyTalk cell phone plan details | PhoneDog AT&T Viva Mexico 900 and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico Additional Line cell phone plan details | PhoneDog BOOM! Mobile Unlimited Talk & Text 250MB BOOM! Mobile Unlimited Talk & Text 2GB BOOM! Mobile Unlimited Talk & Text 5GB Boost Mobile $35 Data Boost Plan cell phone plan details Boost Mobile $45 Data Boost Plan cell phone plan details Boost Mobile $50 Monthly Unlimited cell phone plan details Boost Mobile $55 Data Boost Plan cell phone plan details Boost Mobile $55 Monthly Unlimited cell phone plan details Boost Mobile BlackBerry Daily Unlimited $3 cell phone plan details Boost Mobile BlackBerry Monthly Unlimited cell phone plan details Boost Mobile Daily Unlimited $2 cell phone plan details Boost Mobile Daily Unlimited $3 cell phone plan details Boost Mobile Data Boost Boost Mobile Family Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited Plan with Shrinking Payments Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited Select Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited with Growing Data Boost Mobile Pay As You Go Phone 20¢ per minute cell phone plan details Boost Mobile Unlimited Starter Boost Mobile Unlimited Unhook'd Cellular One Local 3000 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 1000 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 1500 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 1600 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 2200 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 4000 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 500 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 6000 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 9000 cell phone plan details Cellular One National Workday cell phone plan details Cellular One Regional 2600 cell phone plan details Cellular One Statewide 400 cell phone plan details Cellular One Stop Counting Minutes - National Anytime cell phone plan details Cellular One Stop Counting Minutes - Statewide cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Nation 1400 cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Nation 1800 cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Nation 400 cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Nation 800 cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Region 1000 cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Region 1500 cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Region 600 cell phone plan details CREDO Mobile 10GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 15GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 1GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 2GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 3GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 4GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 6GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 8GB Shared Data Plan Cricket $25 Talk & Text cell phone plan details Cricket $40 Basic Plan or $35 after Auto Pay credit cell phone plan details Cricket $50 Smart plan or $45 after Auto Pay credit cell phone plan details Cricket $60 Pro plan or $55 after Auto Pay credit cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Alpha $30 monthly cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Battalion $160 4 member family plan cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Bravo $35 monthly cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Brigade $240 6 member family plan cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Charlie $45 monthly cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Delta $60 monthly cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Platoon $145 3 member family plan cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Regiment $195 5 member family plan cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Squad $110 2 member family plan cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Xray $80 monthly cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Yankee $100 monthly cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Zulu $110 monthly cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalCarryover 1000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalCarryover 1200 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalCarryover 1500 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalCarryover 800 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 10000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 1100 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 1500 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 2000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 3000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 3500 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 6000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 800 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalCarryover 1000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalCarryover 1250 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalCarryover 600 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalCarryover 800 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalEdge 1300 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalEdge 2000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalEdge 3000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalEdge 450 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalEdge 750 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalEdge 900 cell phone plan details Einstein Basic cell phone plan details Einstein Extreme cell phone plan details Einstein Plus cell phone plan details Einstein Value cell phone plan details Einstein Wisconsin 1000 cell phone plan details Einstein Wisconsin 500 cell phone plan details FreedomPop Unlimited Talk & Text 1GB FreedomPop Unlimited Talk & Text 500MB GIV Mobile The 20 Plan GIV Mobile The 25 Plan GIV Mobile The 30 Plan GIV Mobile The 40 Plan GIV Mobile The 60 Plan Liberty Wireless 10 Cents A Minute Flat Rate cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless Anytime 2000 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless Anytime 800 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless My TopTwo Anytime 800 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless My TopTwo Unlimited N&W 350 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless Nights & Weekends 200 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless Nights & Weekends 350 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless Nights & Weekends 650 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless True Liberty cell phone plan details MetroPCS $40 Unlimited Data, Talk and Text cell phone plan details MetroPCS $45 Unlimited cell phone plan details MetroPCS $50 Unlimited Data, Talk and Text cell phone plan details MetroPCS $60 Unlimited Talk, Text and Data MetroPCS Additional Lines 3-5 for the $40 plan cell phone plan details MetroPCS Additional Lines 3-5 for the $50 plan cell phone plan details MetroPCS Additional Lines 3-5 for the $60 plan cell phone plan details Net10 $35 Unlimited Talk and Text cell phone plan details Net10 $40 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data cell phone plan details Net10 $60 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data cell phone plan details Net10 $65 Unlimited International Talk, Text, Data cell phone plan details Net10 $75 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data cell phone plan details Net10 1000 Minutes 30 Day Monthly Plan cell phone plan details Net10 200 Minutes 30 Day Monthly Plan cell phone plan details Net10 500 Minutes 30 Day Monthly Plan cell phone plan details Net10 Family Plan Four People cell phone plan details Net10 Family Plan Three People cell phone plan details Net10 Family Plan Two People cell phone plan details Net10 Unlimited International Talk, Text, Data 30 Day Monthly Plan cell phone plan details Net10 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data Net10 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data Family (2+ Lines) Net10 Wireless Home Phone Unlimited Nationwide calling cell phone plan details Net10 Wireless Home Phone Unlimited Nationwide plus International calling cell phone plan details NTelos $39.99 Unlimited Regional cell phone plan details NTelos $49.99 Unlimited Regional cell phone plan details NTelos $59.99 Unlimited Regional cell phone plan details NTelos $69.99 Unlimited Regional cell phone plan details NTelos $99.99 Unlimited Regional cell phone plan details NTelos Nation - $29.99 cell phone plan details NTelos Nation - $39.99 cell phone plan details NTelos Nation - $49.99 cell phone plan details NTelos Nation - $59.99 cell phone plan details NTelos Nation - $79.99 cell phone plan details NTelos Nation - $99.99 cell phone plan details NTelos NTELOS HomeFree Region - $55.99 cell phone plan details NTelos NTELOS HomeFree Region - $75.99 cell phone plan details Opex Wireless Nationwide 100 cell phone plan details Opex Wireless On-The-Fly cell phone plan details Pix Wireless $10 CDMA Pay GO Pix Wireless $10 GSM Pay GO Pix Wireless $12 CDMA Weekly Pix Wireless $12 GSM Weekly Pix Wireless $15 CDMA Weekly Pix Wireless $15 GSM Weekly Pix Wireless $20 CDMA Monthly Pix Wireless $20 CDMA Pay GO Pix Wireless $20 GSM Blue Pix Wireless $20 GSM Pay GO Pix Wireless $25 CDMA Monthly Pix Wireless $25 GSM Blue Pix Wireless $30 CDMA Monthly Pix Wireless $30 CDMA Pay GO Pix Wireless $30 GSM Blue Pix Wireless $30 GSM Pay GO Pix Wireless $35 GSM Blue Pix Wireless $40 CDMA Monthly Pix Wireless $40 GSM Blue Pix Wireless $50 CDMA Pay GO Pix Wireless $50 GSM Blue Pix Wireless $50 GSM Pay GO Pix Wireless $55 CDMA Monthly Pix Wireless $65 CDMA Monthly Pix Wireless $75 CDMA Pay GO Pix Wireless $75 GSM Pay GO Pix Wireless $9 CDMA Weekly Pix Wireless $9 GSM Weekly Qwest Wireless Cross Country 1000 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 1500 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 200 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 2000 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 2500 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 3000 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 500 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 750 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 1000 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 1500 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 200 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 2000 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 2500 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 3000 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 500 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 750 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Unlimited cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract $55 Mexico Plan cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract $55 Smartphone Plan cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract $65 Global Plan cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract Feature Plan $25 cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract Feature Plan $35 cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract Muve Music Plan $50 cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract Muve Music Plan $60 cell phone plan details Republic Refund Plan with 0.5 GB Republic Refund Plan with 1 GB Republic Refund Plan with 2 GB Republic Refund Plan with 3 GB Republic Refund Plan with 4 GB Republic Refund Plan with 5 GB Republic Wireless $10 Plan Republic Wireless $25 Plan Republic Wireless $40 Plan Republic Wireless $5 Plan (WiFi Only) Republic Wireless Base Plan Republic Wireless Clear Choice Republic Wireless Unlimited Talk & Text 10GB Data Republic Wireless Unlimited Talk & Text 1GB Data Republic Wireless Unlimited Talk & Text 2GB Data Republic Wireless Unlimited Talk & Text 4GB Data Republic Wireless Unlimited Talk & Text 6GB Data ROK Mobile Ultimate Unlimited Scratch Wireless Free Plan Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $1.99 Voice Pass Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $14.99 Voice Pass Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $6.99 Voice Pass Solavei Prepaid Unlimited SpeedTalk Mobile PayGo $10 SpeedTalk Mobile PayGo $100 SpeedTalk Mobile PayGo $25 SpeedTalk Mobile PayGo $5 SpeedTalk Mobile PayGo $50 SpeedTalk Mobile Special $15 SpeedTalk Mobile Special $18 SpeedTalk Mobile Special $5 SpeedTalk Mobile Special $80 SpeedTalk Mobile Special $9 Sprint 100MB Tablet plan cell phone plan details Sprint 12GB Tablet plan cell phone plan details Sprint 1GB Tablet plan cell phone plan details Sprint 3G or 4G Mobile Broadband Connection 12GB cell phone plan details Sprint 3G or 4G Mobile Broadband Connection 6GB cell phone plan details Sprint 3G or 4G Mobile Hotspot Connection 3GB cell phone plan details Sprint 3GB Tablet plan cell phone plan details Sprint 6GB Tablet plan cell phone plan details Sprint All-In Wireless Smartphone + Unlimited Sprint Basic Plan cell phone plan details Sprint Better Choice L Sprint Better Choice M Sprint Better Choice S Sprint Better Choice XL Sprint Better Choice XS Sprint Better Choice XXL Sprint Family Share Pack 10GB Sprint Family Share Pack 12GB Sprint Family Share Pack 16GB Sprint Family Share Pack 1GB Sprint Family Share Pack 20GB Sprint Family Share Pack 2GB Sprint Family Share Pack 32GB Sprint Family Share Pack 40GB Sprint Family Share Pack 4GB Sprint Family Share Pack 60GB Sprint Family Share Pack 8GB Sprint Family Share Pack Additional Line $15 per non-discounted phone 20BB-60GB options cell phone plan details Sprint Family Share Pack Additional Line $25 per non-discounted phone 600MB-16GB options cell phone plan details Sprint Family Share Pack Additional Line $40 per discounted phone all data options cell phone plan details Sprint Family Share Pack Mobile Broadband $20 per non-discounted all data options cell phone plan details Sprint Family Share Pack Tablet $10 per non-discounted all data options cell phone plan details Sprint My All-in cell phone plan details Sprint Phone Connect cell phone plan details Sprint Premium Data add-on cell phone plan details Sprint PrePaid $35 unlimited talk & text with 1GB data cell phone plan details Sprint PrePaid $45 unlimited talk & text with 3GB data cell phone plan details Sprint PrePaid $55 unlimited talk & text with 6GB data cell phone plan details Sprint Prepaid $60 Unlimited Talk, Text & Data Sprint Prepaid Unlimited Data, Talk & Text Sprint Simply Unlimited Plan for iPhone 6 & iPhone 6 Plus Sprint Unlimited Freedom Sprint Unlimited Freedom Premium Sprint Unlimited My Way cell phone plan details Sprint Unlimited My Way Family cell phone plan details Sprint Unlimited Single Line Sprint Unlimited Talk, Text & High Speed Data Straight Talk All You Need Straight Talk Unlimited Straight Talk Unlimited Plus International SunCom now T-Mobile America 1200 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile America 1800 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile America 2300 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile America 300 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile America 800 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile America Unlimited cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile Regional 1250 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile Regional 2500 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile Regional 500 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile Regional UnPlan cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile SunCom NEW cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile UnPlan Tri-Cities 2000 cell phone plan details SureWest Local Value - 2yr. - $29.00 cell phone plan details SureWest Unlimited - 2yr. - $33.00 cell phone plan details SureWest Unlimited California - 1yr. - $45.00 cell phone plan details SureWest Unlimited California - 2yr. - $39.00 cell phone plan details SureWest Unlimited USA - 1yr. - $49.00 cell phone plan details SureWest Unlimited USA - 2yr. - $44.00 cell phone plan details T-Mobile Additional Line Simple Choice 2.5GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Additional Line Simple Choice 500MB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Additional Line Simple Choice Unlimited cell phone plan details T-Mobile Old Family plan cell phone plan details T-Mobile ONE T-Mobile ONE No Credit Check T-Mobile ONE Plus T-Mobile ONE Plus International T-Mobile ONE Plus International No Credit Check T-Mobile ONE Plus No Credit Check T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 10.5GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 12GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 2.5GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 4.5GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 500MB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 6.5GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 8.5GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Pay As You Go T-Mobile PrePaid 1000 Whenever minutes $100 cell phone plan details T-Mobile PrePaid 1500 Talk & Text (with 30MB of data) cell phone plan details T-Mobile PrePaid Unlimited Talk, Text and High Speed Internet (first 5GB at up to 4G speeds) cell phone plan details T-Mobile PrePaid Unlimited Talk, Text and Web (first 100 MB up to 4G speeds) cell phone plan details T-Mobile PrePaid Unlimited Text and 10¢/minute cell phone plan details T-Mobile PrePaid Unlimited Text and 10¢/minute cell phone plan details T-Mobile Simple Choice T-Mobile Simple Choice 1GB 4G LTE Data plan cell phone plan details T-Mobile Simple Choice 2.5GB Family cell phone plan details T-Mobile Simple Choice 500MB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Simple Choice 500MB Family cell phone plan details T-Mobile Simple Choice No Credit Check T-Mobile Simple Choice Prepaid T-Mobile Simple Choice Unlimited Family cell phone plan details T-Mobile Simple Starter Plan T-Mobile Simply Prepaid T-Mobile Unlimited Family T-Mobile Unlimited Family T-Mobile Unlimited Talk and Text T-Mobile Unlimited Web and Text Telcel America 30 Days Basic International $29 cell phone plan details Telcel America 30 Days Plus Plan Unlimited $60 cell phone plan details Telcel America 30 Days Unlimited International Service $40 cell phone plan details Telcel America 30 Days Unlimited International Service $50 cell phone plan details Telcel America 7 Days Unlimited Plus Plan $20 cell phone plan details Tello $10 Pay As You Go Tello $10 Talk & Text Tello $10 Talk Only Tello $10 Talk-Text-Data Tello $11 Data Only Tello $12 Talk-Text-Data Tello $13 Talk-Text-Data Tello $14 Talk-Text-Data Tello $16 Talk-Text-500MB Tello $16 Talk-Text-Data Tello $17 Talk-Text-Data Tello $18 Talk-Text-1GB Tello $18 Talk-Text-Data Tello $19 Talk-Text-Data Tello $20 Pay As You Go Tello $20 Talk-Text-Data Tello $21 Data Only Tello $21 Talk-Text-1GB Tello $21 Talk-Text-Data Tello $24 Talk-Text-Data Tello $27 Talk-Text-Data Tello $45 Data Only Tello $5 Pay As You Go Tello $5 Talk & Text Tello $5 Talk Only Tello $50 Pay As You Go Tello $6 Talk & Text Tello $7 Talk Only Tello $8 Talk & Text Tello $9 Talk-Text-Data Tello Unlimited Talk & Text Tello Unlimited Talk & Text 1GB Tello Unlimited Talk & Text 200MB Tello Unlimited Talk & Text 2GB Tello Unlimited Talk Only TextNow Wireless Grande Plan TextNow Wireless Quattro Plan TextNow Wireless Tall Plan TextNow Wireless Venti Plan The Verizon Plan - 100GB The Verizon Plan - 12GB The Verizon Plan - 20GB The Verizon Plan - 25GB The Verizon Plan - 30GB The Verizon Plan - 40GB The Verizon Plan - 50GB The Verizon Plan - 60GB The Verizon Plan - 80GB The Verizon Plan - L The Verizon Plan - M The Verizon Plan - S The Verizon Plan - XL The Verizon Plan - XXL Ting L Plan Ting M Plan Ting S Plan Ting XL Plan TPO Goodness to Go Big TPO Goodness to Go Low TPO Goodness to Go Mega TPO Goodness to Go More TPO Goodness to Go Plus TPO Goodness to Go Pro TPO Infinity TPO Unlimited Goodness Caring TPO Unlimited Goodness Global TPO Unlimited Goodness Gracious TPO Unlimited Goodness Hero TPO Unlimited Goodness Kind TPO Unlimited Goodness Noble TPO Unlimited Goodness North America TPO Unlimited Goodness People's TPO Unlimited Monthly Goodness 30 TPO Unlimited Monthly Goodness 40 TPO Unlimited Monthly Goodness 50 TPO Unlimited Monthly Goodness 65 Tracfone $19.99 plan - 60 units cell phone plan details Tracfone $29.99 plan - 120 units cell phone plan details TracFone 120 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan Tracfone 125 Value Plan cell phone plan details TracFone 200 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan Tracfone 200 Value Plan cell phone plan details TracFone 450 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan Tracfone 50 Family Value Plan cell phone plan details Tracfone 50 Value Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 10GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 10GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 12GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 12GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 14GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 14GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 16GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 16GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 18GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 18GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 1GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 1GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 20GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 20GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 2GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 2GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 300MB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 300MB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 30GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 30GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 3GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 40GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 40GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 4GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 4GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 50GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 50GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 6GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 6GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 75GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 8GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 8GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Family Talk & Text Additional Line cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Family Talk 1000 & Unlimited Text Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Prepaid Simple Connect 2GB Data, Unlimited Talk & Text cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Prepaid Simple Connect 500MB Data, Unlimited Talk & Text cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Prepaid Simple Connect Unlimited Data for Basic Phones cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Prepaid Talk Only Pay-As-You-Go-Minutes cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Prepaid Unlimited Data, Talk & Text cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Basic Phone cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Home Phone cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Mobile Hotspot cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Smartphone cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Tablet cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Vehicle Monitoring cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Wireless Modem cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Talk 450 & Unlimited Text Plan cell phone plan details US Mobile 100 Mins Talk US Mobile 1500 Mins Talk US Mobile 250 Mins Talk US Mobile 5000 Mins Talk US Mobile 750 Mins Talk Verizon 100GB More Everything Verizon 10GB More Everything Verizon 14GB More Everything Verizon 15GB More Everything Verizon 16GB More Everything Verizon 20GB More Everything Verizon 2GB More Everything Verizon 30GB More Everything Verizon 40GB More Everything Verizon 4GB More Everything Verizon 500MB More Everything Verizon 50GB More Everything Verizon 60GB More Everything Verizon 80GB More Everything Verizon 8GB More Everything Verizon Prepaid Smartphone Plan Verizon Wireless $60 Single Line Plan cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless 150 MB Email & Web for BlackBerry cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless 150 MB Email & Web for Smartphones cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless 25 MB Data & Web with Mobile Email cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Basic 700 Minutes cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Basic cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Broadband cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Camera cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line plus Canada Family cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Smartphone cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Tablets cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Talk and Text Family cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Talk and Text Unlimited Family cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Talk Family cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Talk Unlimited Family cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Data Only 10GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Data Only 8GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Home Phone Connect cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband 10 GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband 5 GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband for iPad 2 10GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband for iPad 2 2GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband for iPad 2 5GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband for Tablets 10GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband for Tablets 2GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband for Tablets 5GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless More Everything Basic 700 Minutes cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless More Everything Basic Unlimited cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless More Everything Tablet Plan cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless More Everything USB Modem or Jetpack Plan cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide 65 Plus cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide 65 Plus Two-Line SharePlan cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Messaging Unlimited cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada 1350 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada 2000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada 4000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada 450 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada 6000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada 900 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada Family SharePlan 1400 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada Family SharePlan 2000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada Family SharePlan 3000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada Family SharePlan 4000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada Family SharePlan 6000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada Family SharePlan 700 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Premium Family SharePlan 6000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk 900 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text 450 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text 900 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text Family SharePlan 1400 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text Family SharePlan 2000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text Family SharePlan 700 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text Family SharePlan Unlimited cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text Unlimited cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk Family SharePlan 1400 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk Family SharePlan 2000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk Family SharePlan 700 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk Family SharePlan Unlimited cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk Unlimited cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Unlimited Push-To-Talk cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $0.00 Daily cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $0.99 Daily cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $1.99 Daily cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $15 for 250 MB of data weekly cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $35 ALLSET Plan (Basic Phones) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $45 ALLSET Plan (Basic Phones) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $60 for 3 GB of data monthly cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $60 Monthly Unlimited Talk, Text, and 2GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $70 Monthly Unlimited Talk, Text, and 4GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $90 for 10 GB of data monthly cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid 3G Monthly 450 (Smartphones and BlackBerrys) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid 3G Monthly 900 (Smartphones and BlackBerrys) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid 3G Monthly Talk and Text 450 (Smartphones and BlackBerrys) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid 3G Monthly Talk and Text 900 (Smartphones and BlackBerrys) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid 3G Monthly Talk and Text Unlimited (Smartphones and BlackBerrys) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid 3G Monthly Unlimited (Smartphones and BlackBerrys) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid Verizon Prepaid cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid Verizon PrePaid cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Smartphone Single Line Plan Verizon Wireless Smartphone Unlimited Corporate Email & Web cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Unlimited Corporate Email & Web for BlackBerry cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Unlimited Corporate Email & Web for Smartphones cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Unlimited Data & Web with Mobile Email cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Unlimited Email & Web for BlackBerry cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Unlimited Email & Web for Smartphones cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Beyond Talk BlackBerry $50 cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Beyond Talk for BlackBerry $35 cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Beyond Talk for BlackBerry $70 cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Broadband2Go $25 cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Broadband2Go $55 cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Broadband2Go 100 MB for 10 days cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Data Love Virgin Mobile payLo 1500 Talk & Text Virgin Mobile payLo 400 Minutes Virgin Mobile payLo Basic Rate cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile payLo Unlimited Talk & Text Virgin Mobile Unlimited + International + Extra Virgin Mobile Unlimited + More Data Virgin Mobile Unlimited Data & Text Plus 300 minutes cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Unlimited Data, Talk, & Text cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Unlimited Everything + International Virgin Mobile Unlimited Everything plus International cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Unlimited plus International plus Extra cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Virgin mobile #5 cell phone plan details Number of Lines: - Any - 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 Minutes 500 Messages Data Select the amount of total data you need for the entire plan. For example, if you need 2 lines with 1 GB of data each, you would select 2 GB of data with the data slider below. - Any -05KB50MB30MB100MB125MB150MB200MB250MB300MB375MB400MB500MB600MB625MB700MB800MB900MB938MB1GB1.5GB2GB2.5GB3GB4GB5GB6GB7GB8GB10GB12GB14GB15GB16GB18GB20GB24GB25GB30GB32GB35GB40GB50GB60GB80GB100GB120GBUnlimited - Plans Featured Huawei Mate 9 Impressions! Marco Hanna 5 days 23 hours ago 6 shares 1 3 0 1 0 0 0 0 1 Honor 6X Impressions! Marco Hanna 1 week 2 days ago 9 shares 8 1 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 Meet the new BlackBerry Marco Hanna 1 week 4 days ago 67 shares 65 1 0 1 0 0 0 0 0 Cell Phone Deals January 2017 Digest Christine Torralba 2 weeks 7 hours ago 3 shares 2 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 1 More Featured Articles Official Smartphone Rankings People's Choice Expert's Choice HTC 10 9 Votes Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote × Samsung Galaxy S7 edge 7 Votes Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote × Apple iPhone 7 5 Votes Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote × Google Pixel 4 Votes Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote × Samsung Galaxy Note 5 4 Votes Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote × More People's Choice Latest Videos LG G5 Review: Two Months Later 13 shares 2 3 0 1 0 0 4 1 2 Battle of the Flagships: Design 27 shares 18 7 0 0 0 0 1 0 1 HTC 10 Challenge: The Best Built Smartphone? 18 shares 6 2 0 7 0 0 1 0 2 More Videos This Week's "People's Choice Rankings" Best Smartphone   HTC 10 Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote ×   Samsung Galaxy S7 edge Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote ×   Apple iPhone 7 Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote ×   Google Pixel Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote ×   Samsung Galaxy Note 5 Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote × Recent news from our top carriers: AT&T News AT&T raising price of DirecTV Now introductory offer of AT&T Call Protect will help AT&T launches buy one, get one T-Mobile will give AT&T Do you carry multiple phones? FCC sends letters to AT&T and Sprint News Sprint will give you $200 when you Cell Phone Deals January 2017 Sprint LG V20 sale cuts price in Sprint offering up to $325 in bill Samsung Galaxy J3 Emerge leaks out Sprint announces HPUE network Sprint promo offering unlimited T-Mobile News T-Mobile is right; postpaid T-Mobile "Un-carrier Next T-Mobile Galaxy Note 7 begins T-Mobile now offering Samsung T-Mobile splits One Plus plan into T-Mobile Un-carrier Next event T-Mobile will give AT&T Verizon Wireless Verizon MiFi 7730L Jetpack is a Verizon telling unlimited Verizon increases upgrade fee to $ Verizon Galaxy Note 7 now Kyocera DuraForce Pro now Verizon now says it will release Verizon once again offering free PHONEDOG PhoneDog Media is home to PhoneDog, Android & Me, TmoNews, and TodaysiPhone. The network receives 2.5 million unique visitors and 10 million pageviews each month, along with a combined three million video views on YouTube. While the name is jovial, the PhoneDog Media network offers up a wealth of written and video content to help readers make important decisions about mobile technology. Established in 2001, PhoneDog Media is a privately owned and operated company. PHONEDOG MEDIA FAMILY Phonedog - Cell Phone News TmoNews - The Unofficial T-Mobile Blog AndroidAndMe - Everything Android TodaysiPhone - iPhone News & Rumors Company Home Privacy Policy Term of Use Contact About Us Sitemap In-Depth Reviews Phone vs Phone Video Unboxings Apps & Games New Phones Phone Finder Compare Plans Phone Specials Long Distance © 2001-2017 PhoneDog, LLC. Reproduction without explicit permission is prohibited. All Rights Reserved.
Please click here if you are not redirected within a few seconds. Google’s internet delivering drone project is dead Home News Reviews Previews Community Compare Prices Channel Cebit CES Computex Event General Tech Science Component APU Bundles Cases Cooling CPU Graphics Hard Drives Memory Motherboard Optical Drive Power Supplies Printers Soundcard SSD Drives Virtual Reality Lifestyle Apple iPad iPhone iPod Mac Laptop / Mobile Accessories Netbook Notebook Tablet PC Mobile Android Blackberry Media Phone Smartphone PC Base Unit Gaming PC General Purpose PC Peripheral Camera Drive Caddy Graphic Tablet Headphones Keyboards Monitors Mouse Pen Drives Routers Speakers Toys Site News A Day In The Life Of Carl – Cartoon Strip Announcements Annual Awards Competitions Competitions 2 Competitions 3 Highlights Highlights 2 Highlights V Highlights-new Interviews Interviews 2 Site Debate Software & Gaming Apps Computer Speakers Console Drivers Gaming Seat Online Operating Systems Security Wireless Wireless Card Google’s internet delivering drone project is dead January 12th, 2017 at 7:33 pm - Author Matthew Wilson Back in 2014, Google acquired the team behind Project Titan, which ended up becoming part of the company’s experimental Google X division. At the start of 2016, the company unveiled plans to develop drones that could deliver 5G internet connections to developing countries and rural areas in an effort to compete with a similar service coming from Facebook. Unfortunately, it doesn’t look like the project will be getting off the ground as Alphabet (Google’s parent company) confirmed today that it has cancelled the project. Alphabet confirmed the cancellation today, though the project is said to have ceased just a few months after its initial announcements in January last year. Around 50 employees were involved with the project before it was shut down. We don’t know exactly what the Project Titan team are working on now. It turns out that the cancellation came down to the “economics and technical feasibility” of solar powered drones. Instead, Google will be focussing on one of its other projects- Project Loon. This particular project uses balloons to provide network connectivity to developing countries and hard to reach areas. Google has also previously worked on a satellite focussed project for delivering internet to other countries. KitGuru Says: Google might be out of the internet drone game, but Facebook is still working on a similar project of its own, so it looks like something similar may still come to fruition in the long run. Similar Posts Categories Tags Related Related Tags: GooglenewsProject Titan Categorized Under: General Tech Polls Your next gaming screen should be? Curved: Wrap around action Flat: Preserve the tradition I only game on laptops View Results  Loading ... Polls Archive KitGuru Facebook Latest News Netgear’s Lionel discusses Arlo Baby Complete Monitoring System... Filed under: CES Nintendo Switch hands-on: what we learned... Filed under: Console, Event, Highlights 2 MSI’s Joran showcases new Kaby Lake motherboard features... Filed under: CES Some Intel Skylake and Kaby Lake CPUs are open to a USB debug exploit... Filed under: CPU, Security Halo Wars 2 beta coming to PC next week... Filed under: Software & Gaming Archives Archives Select Month January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 Channel Component Lifestyle PC Peripheral Professional Reviews Site News Software & Gaming Home News Reviews Previews Buying Advice Games Sitemap Community Privacy Terms of use Contact Copyright © 2010-2016 KitGuru Limited. All rights reserved. A Korona Solutions Concept.
Droid Life Menu Skip to content Home Topics Accessories Apps Beginners’ Guide Contests Deals News Polls Reviews Root Videos Podcast Deals Contact Search Post navigation Previous StoryGoogle’s Toontastic 3D Helps Kids Create Cartoon Movies Next StorySo Ummm, the HTC U Ultra, Eh? by Tim-o-tato on Jan 12, 2017 @timotato Apps News Home Share this Story Google Maps Streamlines Uber, Lyft Ordering Through App Back in March of last year, Google introduced a ridesharing tab into Google Maps, allowing anyone to see potential pricing and timing for ordering an Uber or Lyft ride. Today, Google is introducing a streamlined experience, bringing the ability to book those rides directly from Google Maps.  Instead of seeing a line of text that stated how far away your Uber or Lyft is, plus the pricing quote, users will now get an overview of where the cars are, just as if you were using the dedicated Uber application. Not only that, but the old experience used to direct you to the 3rd-party applications. With the change, finding a ride and ordering it all takes place in Google Maps. Old Experience vs. New Experience   The changes are rolling out right now to the Google Maps app for Android, so be sure to go grab it if Uber or Lyft is your thing. Play Link Via: Google Post navigation Previous StoryGoogle’s Toontastic 3D Helps Kids Create Cartoon Movies Next StorySo Ummm, the HTC U Ultra, Eh? Tom Z Does Google really need to bloat up the Maps app with this junk. Last I checked uber and lift have apps for their service. Grr… JRomeo Google likes to give its maps users transportation options, that’s why you see the time estimate to arrive there with your personal vehicle, a public transit ETA option, a walking, option, a bicycle time ETA Option, and now we also get a uber/lyft option……….. The more options the better. especially if those options don’t clutter up the user interface of Maps, then its a win-win-win. Ryan What’s a lyft line? Is that an uber pool equivalent? Mike yes brian. This is a cool feature, but I’m sort of concerned about how much data google maps will be giving to Uber, Lyft, etc. Uber, specifically, hasn’t really been forthcoming with the way they manage data. Does anyone know? Murphy’s Magnet I’m sure they will keep your trips to strip clubs and brothels a secret. brian. Well, that’s a relief. I hope you’re a google executive that just told me that. Nah really. I use Uber, but I don’t want to opt into something that allows me to be tracked every time I open Google Maps. It’s convenient to have in Maps, but if that happens, I guess I’ll just stick with the regular Uber app for now. Not a big deal. Murphy’s Magnet In all seriousness, the current method shows Uber and Lyft as an option, but selecting either opens the actual Uber or Lyft app. Shane Redman Use uber at least 3 times a week…this is a nice enhancement for me. Murphy’s Magnet I used Uber for the first time on a Christmas trip to Vegas. I was really impressed and I know that I’ll use it again. Good_Ole_Pinocchio I’ll check it out. I have a car so I don’t use Uber much (never tried Lyft) but this set up seems pretty smooth. About Droid Life We consider ourselves to have the greatest Android community in the world, here at Droid Life. We talk general news, feature apps, review phones, and even teach you how to hack a little. But most importantly, there is no place on the internet that has the reader participation that we do and consider ourselves to be completely community driven. If you were looking for the best place to learn about Android and talk with like-minded folks about all things tech, then Droid Life is for you. Follow Us Facebook Google+ YouTube Twitter Subscribe © DRD Life Inc. About Contact Advertise Privacy Policy Handcrafted by Coulee Creative.
printed January 15, 2017 See this page online at: http://www.phonescoop.com/articles/article.php?a=18617 ≡ Reviews Phones Phone Finder News Carriers OSes Glossary Forums Register Log In Advertising Licensing About Contact Privacy Terms of Use Home  ›  News  › Google Lets Maps Users Book, Pay for Uber without Leaving Maps Article Comments   Thursday, 12:41 PM   by Eric M. Zeman   @phonescooper Google today made it easier to hail rides from more car services within Google Maps. The new ride services mode now shows a map with a carousel of car providers that are nearby. Users can select their preferred service (Uber, Lyft) and see what options and promotions are available. Moreover, Maps will let people book, complete, and pay for an Uber ride without ever leaving the Google Maps app thanks to new integration with Uber's API. Uber users can sign into their account or create a new one within Google Maps and then book rides, track drivers, and connect via message — even if Uber is not installed on the device in question. The app also allows people to examine menus, hours, and other details about destinations while en route. Google says the new ride tools will be available over the next few days via Google Maps for Android and iOS. from Google Related Google news Android news iOS news AD Comments Start a new discussion You must log in to post. No messages yet     Page  1  of 1 Tweet this Follow @phonescoop on Twitter Email this Subscribe to news & reviews with RSS     Subscribe to Phone Scoop News with RSS Follow @phonescoop on Twitter Phone Scoop on Facebook Subscribe to Phone Scoop on YouTube Follow on Instagram   About Contact Terms of Use All content Copyright 2001-2017 Phone Factor, LLC. All Rights Reserved. Content on this site may not be copied or republished without formal permission. 1 OK Log In  or  Register Forgot password By registering, you agree to our Terms of Use. We value your privacy and will never share your email address. (full privacy policy)
Tech CES 2017 Apple Science Cars Celebrity Movies Business Super Bowl Ads     Android 2.0 Will Be Launched In Early February Posted: Jan 12 2017, 11:22am CST | by Ahmed Humayun, in News | Technology News     The Android Wear 2.0 was announced by Google in May. After the announcement it showed developer previews of the new operating system. The initial ‘fall’ release time went by without any thing happening and the release was then shifted to early 2017. Don't Miss: Exclusive Video Reports from the CES 2017 Show Floor However we have a better idea of the release date thanks to an email that has been sent by Google to developers for the wearable platform. The email states that the Android 2.0 will be launched in February 2017. Google has encouraged the developers to make full use of the new features. The new OS will be featuring on-watch Play Store, Google Assistant and many more new ideas. Google has already announced to launch two of its own branded smartwatches this year. These devices are said to be the first that will run the Android 2.0 . Therefore it is pretty much expected that they will be released in the next few weeks in early February. Comments The Author Ahmed Humayun Ahmed Humayun is a technology journalist bringing you the hottest tech stories of the day.     Advertisement Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Share this Story Follow Us Read the Latest from I4U News Is This Our First Glimpse Of The Samsung Galaxy S8? 8 hours ago, 10:04am CST Andy Rubin Is Working On A High-end Bezel Less Modular Smartphone 9 hours ago, 9:43am CST WhatsApp Denies Encrypted Messages can be Intercepted 1 day ago, 2:11pm CST $299.99 Nintendo Switch On Sale March 3, Pre-order Now 2 days ago, 1:22pm CST The 3D Renders of the Samsung Galaxy S8 Have Been Released 2 days ago, 11:31am CST Concussions may Accelerate Alzheimer’s Disease 5 hours ago, 1:03pm CST 2015 Middle East Dust Storm was Triggered by Changing Climate, Study Reveals 7 hours ago, 11:14am CST iPhone 8 Will Exhibit a More Effective IP68 Water Resistance 8 hours ago, 10:10am CST 64GB Apple TV: It Might Be Useful After All 9 hours ago, 9:51am CST Wearable Sensors can Tell When you’re Getting Sick 10 hours ago, 8:14am CST New Technology can Diagnose Diseases using Cell Phone Photos 12 hours ago, 6:48am CST Sulphuric Acid Clouds caused Darkness, cold, killing Dinosaurs 15 hours ago, 3:51am CST Why Uber is bullish on Carpooling, Ride-sharing in India 15 hours ago, 3:41am CST Top Science Stories This Week 16 hours ago, 2:50am CST Instagram Maybe Promoting Hookah Use: Study 20 hours ago, 10:14pm CST Featured News $299.99 Nintendo Switch On Sale March 3, Pre-order Now Pre-order of Nintendo Switch Starts Friday at Nintendo Store   The Best Super Bowl TV Deals 2017 New Gibbon Species is Named after Star Wars’ Luke Skywalker Technology News Is This Our First Glimpse Of The Samsung Galaxy S8? 8 hours ago, 10:04am CST Andy Rubin Is Working On A High-end Bezel Less Modular Smartphone 9 hours ago, 9:43am CST WhatsApp Denies Encrypted Messages can be Intercepted 1 day ago, 2:11pm CST $299.99 Nintendo Switch On Sale March 3, Pre-order Now 2 days ago, 1:22pm CST More Technology News Stories Latest News Concussions may Accelerate Alzheimer’s Disease 5 hours ago, 1:03pm CST 2015 Middle East Dust Storm was Triggered by Changing Climate, Study Reveals 7 hours ago, 11:14am CST iPhone 8 Will Exhibit a More Effective IP68 Water Resistance 8 hours ago, 10:10am CST Is This Our First Glimpse Of The Samsung Galaxy S8? 8 hours ago, 10:04am CST More Latest News Your Deals on Amazon The Latest ... Cyber Monday 2016 Holiday Gifts 2016 CES 2017 Super Bowl 2017 Ads Technology News Apple News Science News Celebrity News Movie News Advertising News Car News Business News Political News Sport News TV Show News Also on the Geek Mind Black Friday 2017 Hot Tech Deals About I4U News I4U News is daily News site for the Geek Mind. Expect the latest technology news including the juiciest rumors. Stay up to date with the biggest discoveries in science. Other featured news topics include cars, celebrities, movies and more. Read more. CES 2017 The CES 2017 Consumer electronics show takes place again in Las Vegas. Find out what will new products will be dominating 2017. Virtual Reality, 8K TVs, electric cars will be making CES 2017 headlines in our CES 2017 Coverage. About Us | Privacy Policy | Submit News Tips © Copyright by I4U LLC 2017
TrustedReviews Facebook Twitter Googleplus TVs & Audio Cameras Computing Mobile Home appliances Gaming MWC 2017 GPS & Sat Nav Mobile Apps Mobile Phone Accessories Mobile Phones Tablets Wearables & Fitness Trending: CES 2017 Apple Watch 2 iPhone 7 Galaxy S7 vs iPhone 6S Google Pixel Galaxy S7 Home / News / Mobile App News / Google Maps makes it easier than ever to say 'screw it, let's Uber' Google Maps makes it easier than ever to say 'screw it, let's Uber' by Chris Smith 12 January 2017 0 shares Read Comments Google Maps is often the last step before we decide to book a ride with Uber. If the directions tell us its too far to walk or drive, or the transit information informs us it’s half an hour before the next bus, Uber is the next logical step. For a while now you’ve been able to see an Uber ETA and price estimate within Google Maps. Now you you can book it without leaving the navigation app. Assuming you’ve logged in with your Uber account details, once booked, Google Maps will show inform you when the car has arrived and will even show the driver on a live map. You don’t even need to have the Uber app installed on your smartphone. Related: Android Wear 2.0 Here’s how it works: Google points out that one the way to your establishment you can use search to look up things like reviews and menus. The new Google Maps app is available on both iOS and Android from today offering a new look and new options for ride sharing. This applies to Lyft too, but unfortunately you can’t complete the booking with Lyft right now. Google Pixel Phone Overpriced? Head-to-Head Is Google Maps and Lyft too much of a privacy storm for you to handle? Share your thoughts below. 0 shares Read Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Free Newsletter Get TrustedReviews' award-winning reviews, opinions and advice delivered to your inbox for free! By submitting your details, you'll also receive emails from Time Inc. UK, publisher of Trusted Reviews and other iconic brands about its goods and services, and those of its carefully selected third parties. Please tick here if you'd prefer not to hear about: Time Inc.'s goods & services, including all the latest news, great deals and offers Third party goods & services ⩔ Show More Terms & Conditions | Privacy & Cookies Policy More on Trusted Reviews More information - Sitemap| About us| Contact us| Advertise with us Facebook Twitter Googleplus Trusted Reviews is part of the Time Inc. (UK) Ltd Technology Network © Time Inc. (UK) Ltd 2003-2017, All rights reserved| Terms of use| Privacy Policy| Cookie Information Free Newsletter Get TrustedReviews' award-winning reviews and advice delivered to your inbox for free! By submitting your details, you'll also receive emails from Time Inc. UK, publisher of Trusted Reviews and other iconic brands about its goods and services, and those of its carefully selected third parties. Please tick here if you'd prefer not to hear about: Time Inc.'s goods & services, including all the latest news, great deals and offers Third party goods & services ⩔ Show More Terms & Conditions | Privacy & Cookies Policy
Skip to main content area Sign up for our daily newsletter Newsletter CloseSign me up Toggle menus Toggle search Main menu Technology Business VR for Business Science Cars & Bikes Life & Culture The Future Reviews Hacks Search Search Facebook Twitter Newsletter Linkedin Sections Secondary menu Trending Apple Watch Kodi Oculus Rift Samsung Galaxy S7 Sky Q iPad Pro iPhone 7 Android Marshmallow is HERE: 14 new features that'll make you update your phone Google Here's why you really need to upgrade to Android Marshmallow Curtis Moldrich @khurtizz 12 Jan 2017 whatsapp facebook twitter google+ linkedin reddit email Page 1 of 2 Android Marshmallow is HERE: 14 new features that'll make you update your phone 1. Android Marshmallow is HERE: 14 new features that'll make you update your phone 2. Android Marshmallow Killer features: 9 -14 Android Marshmallow is here, and it’s one of the best versions of Android you can get right now. Sure, Google releases a slightly updated version of its mobile operating system every year, but Android Marshmallow represents a significant step up when compared to its predecessor. Whether it’s the battery-saving Doze feature or the Siri-beating Google Now on Tap, Marshmallow represents a step forward – but why exactly should you upgrade? Here we’ve collected the 14 most compelling reasons for you to get Google’s Marshmallow OS. If you’re looking to buy a smartphone that shows off all of the best new Android M features, why not check out our Best Android Smartphones group test. 1. Android Pay Much like Apple Pay, Android Pay allows users to store credit and debit card information on their smartphones, and then wirelessly pay for goods and services quickly and securely. To make it more secure, Android Pay uses a virtual account number instead of your own, and also keeps a detailed history of purchases made using the app. To use Android Pay you’ll need to have an Android device with NFC capability running Android KitKat or above, and you’ll also need to make sure you’re with one of the eight banks supported. Then you just need to download the Android Pay app from here. After that, you’ll need to connect your Visa or MasterCard to your phone. You can find out more about Android Pay here. 2. Now on Tap One of the biggest changes to Android Marshmallow comes in the form of Google Now. Although it may look the same as before, Google Now is now pre-baked into every area of the OS, and it’s cleverer than ever. Google Now’s focus is now on “context”, and that means the digital assistant will be better at understanding where you are, and what you’ll need to know as a result. 3. Adopted Storage Most Android phones allow you to insert some form of memory card, but previous versions of Android always treated it as a separate entity. While that’s great if you want to swap memory cards around – it can be annoying if you want to use the memory card as a permanent storage solution. That’s where Adopted Storage comes in. Rather than treating the memory card as a separate storage space, Marshmallow can treat it like the rest of the memory on your phone. The result? You can use your memory card space without any fuss. 4. USB Type-C USB Type-C represents the holy grail of connections. It’s silly-fast, can be used any way up – and it’s going to be the most commonly used connection in the next few years. What’s more, it also allows for much faster charging than conventional cables: it can fully charge a Nexus 6P in around two hours. As you’d expect, Android Marshmallow is future proofed with built-in USB Type-C support, so as long as your smartphone has the connection, Marshmallow can take advantage of it. 5. System UI Tuner Marshmallow fixes one of our biggest pet peeves with the Android operating system. Google’s mobile OS uses the status bar at the top of your screen for key information about reception, battery life and more – but it can get crowded and scruffy at times. With the System UI Tuner, users can now add their battery percentage to the system tray, and choose which other things they want to be displayed there. The result? Your Android phone will only show the information you want to see. 6. Improved Copy and Pasting See related  iPhone 6s vs Samsung Galaxy S6: fight of the flagships Best upcoming smartphones 2017: The phones yet to come Although it seems like a relatively simple task, previous versions of Android made cutting and pasting text a fiddly, frustrating affair. Before, Google’s OS forced you to go to the top of the screen to cut, copy and paste – but Marshmallow lets you hover just above the selected text. If that sounds familiar, that’s because it’s exactly what iOS already does – but we’ll forgive Google as it’s a vast improvement over its original solution. 7. Custom Google tabs Google Chrome is one of the best mobile browsers around, and Marshmallow makes it easier for developers to integrate into their own, third-party apps. That means you don’t have to switch applications when you need to browse the web, and it also means that when you are let loose on Google's browsers, all of your passwords and logins are stored and ready to go. The result? The whole browsing experience is much more seamless. 8. Clear permissions system Although not one of the most glitzy features, Marshmallow’s app permissions overhaul will have an immediate effect on how you use your phone. Previous versions of Android forced the user to configure app settings at the point of install, making downloading apps an overly complex, drawn-out process. Instead, Marshmallow only asks for your permission when it needs to. So, rather than configuring something such as Snapchat when you first download it, Android will ask to use your phone’s camera once, and only the first time you use it. If you want to go back on your original decisions, Marshmallow has you covered. The new OS presents things by permissions rather than apps, so you can quickly see what apps are using your camera, accessing your photos, location data and much more. 2. Android Marshmallow Killer features: 9 -14 Page 1 of 2 Android Marshmallow is HERE: 14 new features that'll make you update your phone 1. Android Marshmallow is HERE: 14 new features that'll make you update your phone 2. Android Marshmallow Killer features: 9 -14 Read more about: Operating systems Mobile phones You are here: Home Google Android Marshmallow is HERE: 14 new features that'll make you update your phone Most Popular 53 tweets where Donald Trump questioned climate change 21 Nov 2016 News Twitter reminds us how bad 2016 was 6 Dec 2016 News Make your Game of Thrones dreams come true with a VR dragon 7 Nov 2016 News Hedy Lamarr: The Hollywood star who pioneered Wi-Fi 9 Nov 2016 News This Kickstarter fixes everything wrong with the MacBook Pro 6 Dec 2016 News How to install the Nemesis build on Kodi 3 Jan 2017 Tutorials How to install the Apollo build on Kodi 3 Jan 2017 Tutorials 5 of the best boxes for streaming with Kodi 3 Jan 2017 In-depth 63 Android apps you need: Supercharge your phone 4 Jan 2017 Best How to install the Specto addon for Kodi 3 Jan 2017 In-depth Technology Devices, software, wearables and more AI takes on humans in poker rematch Carnegie Mellon University’s artificial intelligence is back for more high stakes bluffing 13 Jan 2017 Technology Bitdefender Internet Security 2017: Zero-hassle security 4 Silent protection remains a strong selling point, but we preferred the cleaner interface of last year’s suite 13 Jan 2017 Software Kaspersky Internet Security 2017 review: The one to beat 5 Little has changed since last year, but that’s no bad thing — and a built-in VPN only sweetens the deal 13 Jan 2017 Kaspersky WhatsApp backdoor: “A huge threat to freedom of speech” A reported flaw in WhatsApp could undermine the security of private messages 13 Jan 2017 Facebook Business How technology is changing your work Brexit hits tech firms hardest, but ¾ hopeful for growth After bearing the Brexit brunt, a new survey reveals that the tech industry is the least optimistic about the year ahead 13 Jan 2017 Business Global PC shipments decline for fifth year running Hardware market continues inexorable decline as consumers rely increasingly on smartphones 13 Jan 2017 Business Microsoft faces lawsuit from mods dealing with child porn Two men are seeking damages from the company after suffering PTSD from “inhumane and disgusting content” 12 Jan 2017 Microsoft Snapchat picks post-Brexit London for international HQ Snap Incorporated has said it believes in the “UK creative industries” and will base its international operations in London 10 Jan 2017 Business VR for Business How to bring the excitement of a holiday to the high-street? How Thomas Cook used VR to give holidaymakers a glimpse of their dream destination 14 Dec 2016 Advertisement Feature How VR is changing the face of retail The latest wave of change to hit retail is virtual reality 14 Dec 2016 Sponsored VR: The next big shift in advertising Virtual reality advertising is still in its infancy, but already it is achieving real results for companies willing to invest 2 Dec 2016 Sponsored VR in sales and marketing: The next two years How sales and marketing are already being radically changed by virtual reality 14 Nov 2016 Sponsored Science Developments from the frontiers of science Mice turn into predatory killers at the flash of a laser Scientists use optogenetics to turn on and off rodents’ killer instincts 13 Jan 2017 Science Salmonella weaponised to attack brain tumours Biomedical engineers at Duke University have managed to modify bacterium to target glioblastoma with more accuracy than surgery 12 Jan 2017 Science Revenge really does make you feel better, study finds We really do use revenge to pick ourselves up, and it works 11 Jan 2017 Science Repeating radio signals pinpointed to distant dwarf galaxy Fast radio burst is coming from a dwarf galaxy over three billion light years from Earth 5 Jan 2017 Space Cars The cutting edge of automotive technology Nissan is testing driverless cars in London next month Nissan is starting its driverless tech program in the UK capital 13 Jan 2017 Cars The 2018 Jaguar F-Type will replay your BEST drifts The 2018 Jaguar F-Type uses GoPro tech to record your best driving moments 12 Jan 2017 Cars Formula E is blurring the line between eSports and reality 10 sim racers just went up against 20 Formula E drivers for $1 million. Here’s why 12 Jan 2017 Cars Uber opens up its traffic data for city planners Movement provides inside data to show how cities are navigated in the 21st century 9 Jan 2017 Cars Life & Culture How technology is changing our everyday lives Hands on with the must-have Nintendo Switch launch titles Hands-on with the best Nintendo Switch titles you can buy in 2017 13 Jan 2017 Nintendo Switch Website of new cybersecurity chief vulnerable to hackers Rudy Giuliani is appointed as new cybersecurity advisor to Trump administration, but his own website is vulnerable to hackers 13 Jan 2017 Politics Virtual and wet: An interview with artist Adham Faramawy From vertigo to 3D-printed sculptures, we talk to Adham Faramawy about making art in virtual reality 13 Jan 2017 Art Nintendo Switch release date is finally confirmed Nintendo Switch release date finally confirmed with Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild landing on launch 13 Jan 2017 Games The Future The world of 20 years from now Why 2017 will be the year of AI AI is more than machine learning, and 2017 could be the year it goes mainstream 19 Dec 2016 The Future Microsoft opens fund to invest in the future of AI Element AI is the company's incubator and platform that will help companies adopt an AI-first strategy 14 Dec 2016 Microsoft Amazon Go is a brick-and-mortar shop without any checkouts There will be no unexpected items in the bagging area in Jeff Bezos’ lineless future 6 Dec 2016 Amazon DeepMind founder on importance of control over AI systems Google DeepMind’s Mustafa Suleyman says it is vital that humans know what artificial-intelligence systems are doing 5 Dec 2016 The Future Latest Reviews Bitdefender Internet Security 2017: Zero-hassle security 13 Jan 2017 Software Kaspersky Internet Security 2017 review: The one to beat 13 Jan 2017 Kaspersky Nvidia's Shield TV (2017) is gunning for the Amazon Echo 12 Jan 2017 Technology Freewrite review: A thought experiment made reality 12 Jan 2017 Life & Culture HTC’s U Ultra and Play look AMAZING but are they any good? 12 Jan 2017 Mobile phones TomTom Adventurer: A top fitness watch for skiing and hiking 9 Jan 2017 Smartwatches Hands on with the Brydge Keyboard for Surface Pro 6 Jan 2017 Tablets Dell XPS 13 2-in-1: Hands on with a beautiful convertible 6 Jan 2017 Dell BOOM: Hands, and ears, on with Dell’s XPS 27 6 Jan 2017 Dell Better battery life and VR for Qualcomm Snapdragon 835 3 Jan 2017 Mobile phones New Audi Q5 (2017) review: A small but perfectly formed SUV 25 Dec 2016 Cars Huawei Fit review: A very likeable fitness tracker 21 Dec 2016 Huawei Back to top Technology Business VR for Business Science Cars & Bikes Life & Culture The Future Reviews Hacks Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Newsletter About us Contact us Advertise with us Feeds Authors IT Pro Cloud Pro Expert Reviews More of our brands Affiliate Link Policy Privacy Notice © Copyright Dennis Publishing Limited. Under licence from Felix Dennis. Jobs Media Information Subscription Enquires Books Apps Your Online Choices
Menu Topics Biomedicine Business Computing Energy Mobile Robotics 10 Breakthrough Technologies 35 Innovators Under 35 50 Smartest Companies Views Views from the Marketplace Top Stories Magazine Events More Events Special Publications MIT News Magazine Help/Support Log in / Register Subscribe Log in / Register Search Click search or press enter Robotics Robot Cars Can Learn to Drive without Leaving the Garage Playing video games and surfing Google Street View can teach software a lot about driving. by Will Knight January 12, 2017 The computers that control self-driving cars are gaining valuable knowledge about the real world in some surprising ways—including browsing online maps and playing video games. Researchers at Princeton University recently developed a computer vision and mapping system that gathered useful information about the physical properties of roads by studying Google Street View and comparing the scenes to the information provided in open-source mapping data. This allowed it to, for example, learn where the edges of an intersection should be based on images captured by Google’s mapping cars. In separate work revealed Wednesday, researchers at OpenAI, a nonprofit focused on fundamental AI research, created a way to have software agents learn driving strategy by experimenting in the video game Grand Theft Auto V, through a platform known as Universe. Some video games are now so visually realistic that they can let a computer vision learn about the real world (see “Self-Driving Cars Can Learn a Lot by Playing Grand Theft Auto”). New approaches to training self-driving cars may help democratize the technology, and make it more reliable. Self-driving cars were everywhere at this year’s Consumer Electronics Show in Las Vegas, and the technology is front at center at the North American Auto Show in Detroit, which started this week. But not everyone has the resources of Ford, Google, or Uber, and automated vehicles still struggle in many situations (see “What to Know Before You Get in a Self-Driving Car”). So some researchers are coming up with creative ways to gather the data and train driving systems. There are even efforts to open source the technology required for automated driving. The Princeton researchers mined Google Street View and OpenStreetMap for their data. Road features in Google Street View images are sometimes occluded by a vehicle, someone crossing the road, or something else, so the system had to learn to recognize, and then discard, such artifacts. The researchers tested their system on new images and found that it could discern road features fairly accurately. They say it could offer a way to bootstrap a self-driving system with some of the basic knowledge required to navigate ordinary roads. The researchers trained their system using 150,000 Street View panoramas. Its accuracy should improve as the training data set grows, says Ari Seff, a graduate student at Princeton who developed the system with Jianxiong Xiao, a professor who recently left the university to found an automotive startup called AutoX.ai. “The manual creation of high-definition 3-D maps for autonomous driving is tedious and expensive,” says John Leonard, a professor at MIT’s CSAIL, who specializes in mapping and automated driving. “If this process can be automated using deep networks that operate on large public databases, this would be a big win for self-driving technology.” The approach also offers a way to train a system to recognize situations that a real self-driving car may only encounter rarely, like a very complex intersection. “These models could potentially be used as part of a backup system in autonomous vehicles, corroborating the information provided by pre-scanned 3-D maps. However, we have not yet tested this in a real vehicle,” Seff says. The researchers also suggest that their system could provide a warning about road infrastructure—for example, if the system concludes that a street looks as if it is one-way when it isn’t, then the signage may need to be updated. The limitations are that the system cannot identify objects that aren’t identified in a map, like pedestrians or other vehicles, and it isn’t accurate enough to localize a car very precisely. “Learning this from Google Street View is a good idea,” says Craig Quiter, an engineer at Otto, a company that makes self-driving trucks and which was acquired by Uber last year. “The outputs don't contain enough to drive a car with, but definitely are helpful along with other perception as input to a planner.” Quiter developed the Grand Theft Auto V while working as a contractor for OpenAI last year. The game can train software to recognize elements of the real world. “GTA V gives researchers access to a rich, diverse world for testing and developing AI,” Quiter writes in a blog post published by OpenAI. “Its island setting is almost one-fifth the size of Los Angeles, giving access to a broad range of scenarios to test systems. Add to that the 257 different vehicles, seven types of bicycles, and 14 weather types, and it’s possible to explore a huge number of permutations using a single simulator.” Through Universe, an agent can also develop a driving strategy by experimenting within the game and refining its own behavior as it achieves certain goals, an approach known as reinforcement learning (see “A New Tool Lets AI Learn to Do Almost Anything on a Computer”). Quiter added in an e-mail that by releasing the technology required for automated driving, researchers and companies can democratize it. “I think it just got way easier to test self-driving car AI,” he says. Gain the insight you need on digital technologies at EmTech Digital. Register now Tagged Princeton, Google, EmTech Digital 2017, MIT Technology Review Events, Google Street View, Open-air Credit Illustration by Jordan Speer Will Knight Senior Editor, AI I am the senior editor for AI at MIT Technology Review. I mainly cover machine intelligence, robots, and automation, but I’m interested in most aspects of computing. I grew up in south London, and I wrote my first line of code (a spell-binding… More infinite loop) on a mighty Sinclair ZX Spectrum. Before joining this publication, I worked as the online editor at New Scientist magazine. If you’d like to get in touch, please send an e-mail to will.knight@technologyreview.com. READ COMMENTS Please read our commenting guidelines. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Subscribe to Continue Reading Uh oh–you've read all five of your free articles for this month. Become an Insider for unlimited access to online stories for less than $15 per month. Insider Premium $179.95/yr US PRICE Subscribe See international, alumni and other pricing options Already an Insider? Log in. Have a magazine subscription? Activate your Insider account. More from Robotics Smart machines are beginning to speak to us and act on their own. The Best of the Physics arXiv (week ending January 14, 2017) This week’s most thought-provoking papers from the Physics arXiv. by Emerging Technology from the arXiv Poker Is the Latest Game to Fold Against Artificial Intelligence Two research groups have developed poker-playing AI programs that show how computers can out-hustle the best humans. by Will Knight How Much Force Do Bacteria Produce? It’s Now Been Measured The results suggest that bacteria could one day be harnessed as micrometer-sized machines. by Emerging Technology from the arXiv More from Robotics From Our Advertisers Presented by IEEE Collabratec The Connected City: Trends and Developments Driving Smart City Innovation Sponsored by Lenovo Trend Roundup: Data Storage and the Cloud In partnership with Dynatrace Emerging Trend Analysis: What is Digital Performance Management? Want more award-winning journalism? Subscribe to Insider Plus. Insider Plus {! insider.prices.plus !}* {! insider.display.menuOptionsLabel !} Everything included in Insider Basic, plus ad-free web experience, select discounts to partner offerings and MIT Technology Review events {! insider.buttons.plus.buttonText !} See details+ What's Included Bimonthly home delivery and unlimited 24/7 access to MIT Technology Review’s website. The Download. Our daily newsletter of what's important in technology and innovation. Access to the Magazine archive. Over 24,000 articles going back to 1899 at your fingertips. Special Discounts to select partner offerings Discount to MIT Technology Review events Ad-free web experience * {! insider.display.footerLabel !} See international prices See U.S. prices Revert to MIT Enterprise Forum pricing Revert to standard pricing The Download What's important in technology and innovation, delivered to you every day. Follow us Twitter Facebook RSS   The mission of MIT Technology Review is to equip its audiences with the intelligence to understand a world shaped by technology. Browse International Editions Company About Us Careers Advertise with Us Reprints and Permissions Press Room Your Account Log In / Create Account Newsletters Manage Account Manage Subscription Customer Support Help/FAQs Contact Us Feedback Sitemap More Events MIT Enterprise Forum MIT News Policies Ethics Statement Terms of Service Privacy Commenting Guidelines MIT Technology Review © 2016 v.|eiπ| You've read of free articles this month. Subscribe Become an Insider or Sign in for unlimited access  to online articles .
Vanity Fair hive business technology politics vf summit hwd movies television awards reviews vanities celebrity fashion beauty royals NEWSLETTER Video VF Store Magazine Search Business Politics Technology VF Summit Moonshots Google Kills Another Mysterious “Moonshot” Email Facebook Twitter SIGN UP FOR NEWSLETTER Moonshots Google Kills Another Mysterious “Moonshot” Titan, which aimed to beam Internet from drones, is the latest project to become a casualty of Google’s new fiscal discipline. by Maya KosoffJanuary 12, 2017 2:15 pm Email Facebook Twitter By Simon Dawson/Bloomberg/Getty Images. In the Mountain View offices of X, Google’s factory for creating its “moonshot” projects, there’s a picture of a burning $100 bill on a poster board. “Investors think we do this,” it reads. At some point, however, the joke stopped being so funny. In 2015, Google split itself in two, in a move intended to draw a clearer line between the tech behemoth’s lucrative core businesses and its more experimental, money-losing bets—a distinction that has increased pressure on the latter to turn a profit. There have been a number of casualties as a result of this new era of fiscal discipline, and Google announced the most recent this week. As first reported by tech news Web site Google9to5, Google has cut its Titan drone program and has reassigned those employees—many of whom came into Google after the tech giant bought drone-maker Titan Aerospace in 2014—to other projects, including Project Loon, Google’s endeavor to provide Internet access to the world via balloon, and Project Wing, a drone delivery service. Titan was later shuffled into X, the moonshot lab run by Astro Teller as part of Alphabet, in 2015. “We ended our exploration of high altitude U.A.V.s for Internet access shortly after,” a Google X spokesman said in a statement. “. . . at this stage the economics and technical feasibility of Project Loon present a much more promising way to connect rural and remote parts of the world.” For Google, scaling back and merging some of its more ambitious projects may be a matter not of thinking smaller, but smarter. That’s its stated plan for Internet drones now, and seems to be its short-term goal for Fiber, its high-speed Internet project, which it downsized and revamped last year to focus on less capital-intensive technologies. The company has tried to sell its experimental robotics division, Boston Dynamics, and recently changed up the management atop its smart-home division, Nest, as the the financial squeeze from the C-suite continues. Full ScreenPhotos: 1/7Photos: Tech C.E.O.s Who Have The Most to Lose in a Trump Presidency Jeff Bezos: The C.E.O. of e-commerce and delivery giant Amazon and the owner of The Washington Post has already sparred with Trump. But Trump could come after Bezos for anti-trust issues, too: Trump is on the record as saying Amazon “is controlling so much of what they are doing.” The fact that The Washington Post has been reporting on Trump, often critically, probably does not endear Bezos to Trump, either.Photo: From Rex/Shutterstock. Tim Cook: Trump has repeatedly criticized Apple for making its products overseas, and has called on the company to “start building their damn computers and things” in America. Cook must also contend with tariffs that will inevitably arise if Trump gets the U.S. into a trade war with China. And then there’s the fact that Trump denounced Apple in 2016 for refusing a court order to cooperate with an F.B.I. request to unlock an iPhone belonging to one of the shooters in the San Bernardino terrorist attack last year.Photo: By Drew Angerer/Getty Images. Jack Dorsey: Twitter, already a tech company struggling with employee retention and a falling stock price, has been forced to contend with its role in handing Trump a megaphone to spout his opinions, whether those include attacking a union leader or merely suggesting the U.S. stock up on nuclear arms. Dorsey was also excluded by Trump from the tech summit at Trump Tower in December, reportedly as retribution for not allowing the Trump team to use an emoji-fied version of the #CrookedHillary hashtag. Sad!Photo: By Drew Angerer/Getty Images. Mark Zuckerberg: Trump’s favorite golden boy in Silicon Valley, Peter Thiel, is both an early Facebook investor and serves on Facebook’s board, which bodes well for the company’s ties to the president-elect. But Trump could also change immigration laws in a way that affects Facebook’s ability to hire highly skilled employees. Earlier this year, Zuckerberg and others in the tech community signed onto a brief submitted to the Supreme Court in favor of Obama’s executive actions, arguing that more immigration benefits the tech industry and the country. Trump appears to disagree.Photo: From Bloomberg/Getty Images. Marc Lore (Jet.com): E-commerce companies like Jet.com could become victims of a Chinese trade war. Trump has threatened to add tariffs of 45 percent of Chinese exports. “We can’t continue to allow China to rape our country, and that’s what they're doing,” he told supporters earlier in 2016. Trump’s proposed solution could make foreign-made goods—which comprises the bulk of e-commerce products—vastly more expensive.Photo: From Rex/Shutterstock. Josh Kushner: Jared Kushner’s brother, Josh, runs a healthcare start-up in New York called Oscar Health—which just so happens to be built on the back of the Obamacare exchanges that Trump, Jared’s father-in-law, has threatened to destroy. The company, which is reportedly bleeding money, is now pivoting its business model to focus on narrow networks and roll-out plans to small and large businesses, moving away from plans connected to the Affordable Care Act.Photo: By Patrick McMullan/Getty Images. Elon Musk: Though Musk and Trump ally Peter Thiel are close—they helped co-found PayPal together, and made their respective first millions of dollars off of it—two of Musk’s companies may be in a precarious situation under a Trump administration. Shareholders in both SolarCity and Tesla Motors now must consider what Trump could do to federal clean-energy tax credits and subsidies, which both companies currently receive. Current electric-car and solar-energy subsidies will expire under Trump’s tenure, and aren’t likely to be renewed.Photo: From Rex/Shutterstock. PreviousNext Jeff Bezos: The C.E.O. of e-commerce and delivery giant Amazon and the owner of The Washington Post has already sparred with Trump. But Trump could come after Bezos for anti-trust issues, too: Trump is on the record as saying Amazon “is controlling so much of what they are doing.” The fact that The Washington Post has been reporting on Trump, often critically, probably does not endear Bezos to Trump, either. From Rex/Shutterstock. Tim Cook: Trump has repeatedly criticized Apple for making its products overseas, and has called on the company to “start building their damn computers and things” in America. Cook must also contend with tariffs that will inevitably arise if Trump gets the U.S. into a trade war with China. And then there’s the fact that Trump denounced Apple in 2016 for refusing a court order to cooperate with an F.B.I. request to unlock an iPhone belonging to one of the shooters in the San Bernardino terrorist attack last year. By Drew Angerer/Getty Images. Jack Dorsey: Twitter, already a tech company struggling with employee retention and a falling stock price, has been forced to contend with its role in handing Trump a megaphone to spout his opinions, whether those include attacking a union leader or merely suggesting the U.S. stock up on nuclear arms. Dorsey was also excluded by Trump from the tech summit at Trump Tower in December, reportedly as retribution for not allowing the Trump team to use an emoji-fied version of the #CrookedHillary hashtag. Sad! By Drew Angerer/Getty Images. Mark Zuckerberg: Trump’s favorite golden boy in Silicon Valley, Peter Thiel, is both an early Facebook investor and serves on Facebook’s board, which bodes well for the company’s ties to the president-elect. But Trump could also change immigration laws in a way that affects Facebook’s ability to hire highly skilled employees. Earlier this year, Zuckerberg and others in the tech community signed onto a brief submitted to the Supreme Court in favor of Obama’s executive actions, arguing that more immigration benefits the tech industry and the country. Trump appears to disagree. From Bloomberg/Getty Images. Marc Lore (Jet.com): E-commerce companies like Jet.com could become victims of a Chinese trade war. Trump has threatened to add tariffs of 45 percent of Chinese exports. “We can’t continue to allow China to rape our country, and that’s what they're doing,” he told supporters earlier in 2016. Trump’s proposed solution could make foreign-made goods—which comprises the bulk of e-commerce products—vastly more expensive. From Rex/Shutterstock. Josh Kushner: Jared Kushner’s brother, Josh, runs a healthcare start-up in New York called Oscar Health—which just so happens to be built on the back of the Obamacare exchanges that Trump, Jared’s father-in-law, has threatened to destroy. The company, which is reportedly bleeding money, is now pivoting its business model to focus on narrow networks and roll-out plans to small and large businesses, moving away from plans connected to the Affordable Care Act. By Patrick McMullan/Getty Images. Elon Musk: Though Musk and Trump ally Peter Thiel are close—they helped co-found PayPal together, and made their respective first millions of dollars off of it—two of Musk’s companies may be in a precarious situation under a Trump administration. Shareholders in both SolarCity and Tesla Motors now must consider what Trump could do to federal clean-energy tax credits and subsidies, which both companies currently receive. Current electric-car and solar-energy subsidies will expire under Trump’s tenure, and aren’t likely to be renewed. From Rex/Shutterstock. Share Email Facebook Twitter Maya KosoffMaya Kosoff writes about tech for VF.com, with a focus on start-ups and venture capital. Around the Web Powered by Zergnet RELATED SEEK Huge Shake-Up at Google Fiber as Larry Page Halts Expansion PlanBY MAYA KOSOFF SEEK NEWSLETTER SIGN UP subscribe Follow VF Vanity Fair Worldwide: United Kingdom Italy Mexico Spain France Visit our sister sites Condé Nast Store Reprint/Permissions VF Media Kit Promotions Contact VF Customer Service Advertising Inside The Issue Careers Digital Edition Sitemap Condé Nast © Condé Nast. Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement (effective January 2, 2014) and Privacy Policy (effective January 2, 2014). Your CA Privacy Rights. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast. Ad Choices
clock menu more-arrow Log In or Sign Up Log In Sign Up Trending Topics Handbook Cities more Trending Topics Architecture Interior Design Tiny Homes Prefab Home Tech House Calls For Sale Longform Maps Handbook Cities Atlanta Austin Boston Chicago Detroit Hamptons Los Angeles Miami New Orleans New York Philadelphia San Francisco Seattle Washington DC ✕ First Person 5 smart home trends to watch in 2017 From Alexa to robots to a bunch of buttons by Jenny Xie@canonind Jan 12, 2017, 1:36pm EST tweet share pin Rec The new Kuri robot Kuri This year marks the 50th anniversary of CES, née Consumer Electronics Show, a tech industry spectacle that swarms Las Vegas every January. It’s where the VCR debuted in 1970, the CD player in 1981, the Nintendo gaming console in 1985, and so on. Fast forward to 2017 and the buzz is, perhaps unsurprisingly, all about artificial intelligence. Self-driving cars. Voice-activated robots. All things smart home. Seeing how these topics have everything to do with where and how we live, I was sent to scope out CES for Curbed, with eyes especially peeled for smart home tech, a nebulous space—or cloud, as one might say—filled with gadgets of ever-ballooning variety. Taking up 2.6 million square feet spread across the Strip, with some 170,000 people in attendance, CES was like a small city in itself. And this year, huge smart home booths were everywhere to be found, from brand showcases by the likes of LG and Samsung, to a dedicated Smart Home Marketplace with more options than the average consumer—me—knew what to do with. But I went, I saw, and I tried to understand the state of the smart home. Here’s what I’ve gathered from walking the show floor and listening in on panels of experts. Hey Alexa! (Your new best friend?) Anybody who showed up at CES noticed that Alexa, Amazon’s AI voice assistant, has broken free from the company’s own wireless voice command device, Echo, into a million other products. Our sister site the Verge compiled a list of those integrations, from Whirlpool fridges and ovens to Ford and Volkswagen cars. This wasn’t exactly a new development as much as the amplification of what we saw last year. Alexa’s apparent dominance aside, voice command in general is something industry experts seem to be bullish on. At a CNET panel on smart homes, Rishi Chandra, VP of Product Management at Google Home, said that, to him, voice control is a breakthrough. In the context of a home, using voice commands is a much better experience than tapping an app on a phone. Also, Carly Chaikin, the Mr. Robot actress and a guest on the panel, literally called Alexa her “best friend.” We’re still trying to make robots happen ... The Jetsons’ humanoid robotic maid Rosie has captured our hearts since the ‘60s, but we’ve yet to see robots (besides maybe the vacuuming kind) play a huge role in our real life homes. But the tech world will die trying, it seems. The Verge This year’s CES saw the unveiling of a bunch of new robots: the adorable Kuri, LG’s Hub bot (a larger commercial version, shown above, is expected to debut at Incheon International Airport in South Korea later this year), the “Little Fish” from Baidu (China’s version of Google), to name a few. These voice-activated helpers are essentially smart assistant devices—e.g. Echo, Google Home—that can move. And they will probably be very expensive. ... And laundry tech, for some reason Leading appliance makers seem to think laundry needs some “disrupting.” Indeed, laundry is usually a chore. Simplifying or automating laundry would also make a good narrative: Spend less time doing laundry, so you can spend more time with your loved ones. Samsung debuted the mammoth four-in-one FlexWash + FlexDry system (shown on the left below), which lets you do two loads at once. LG had the same idea with the older Twin Wash system. The brand also presented a fridge-like clothing “refresher,” which comes at $2,000 a pop. And Whirlpool is adding limited Alexa capability to its new washers, letting you check on the time left for a load using an Alexa-enabled device nearby. Perhaps the most provocative laundry tech comes in the form of Foldimate (shown above on the right), a hulking machine that promises to fold your clothes for you. At CES, the company, which is planning on a final reveal towards the end of this year, showed a video of a working prototype, plopped on top of a non-working model. You tell us, “smarter” laundry: yea or nay? The “smart home” is becoming easier to understand and use—kind of Going back to the smart home panel, another consensus was that huge progress has been made in the last year in terms of devices being able to talk to one another. As an example, products from each panelist’s affiliated company can all work together—that includes Amazon, Google, August Locks, and Samsung SmartThings. During CES, CNET also launched a helpful new tool showing which devices—locks, light switches, thermostats, smoke and CO alarms, and more—are compatible with smart home hubs like Google Home, Apple HomeKit, and Wink. According to the panelists, getting these devices to work together is also a prerequisite of sorts to tackling bigger challenges, like security. Security isn’t a new problem for big tech companies, but they need to make sure that smaller companies—which are making all sorts of smart home devices but don’t necessarily have the software expertise—are on the same page. It might even be as simple as the press of a button While the big guys have their smart home hubs and robots, a walk through Eureka Park (a special section of CES dedicated to scrappy startups) revealed a trend among the new, smaller players: one-button solutions, which let you control multiple smart devices in your home with one itty-bitty gadget. (These products also tend to have snappy one- or two-syllable names, perhaps to drive home their simplicity?) There’s Senic, a palm-size button for controlling music and lighting; Flic, a candy-size device that works with over 40 apps; Knocki, a small device that turns any surface into a touch surface for moderating lighting, temperature, and more; Bond, which offers smart home integration for RF (radio frequency) and infrared remote-controlled appliances, instantly turning “dumb,” existing appliances like ceiling fans and humidifiers into “smart” ones; and Puck, another small button that attaches to any infrared remote-controlled device and makes it operable via an app. Now, one of those might sound like the simple solution we’ve all been waiting for, but presented all together? That just makes everything confusing again. It seems that some things about smart homes haven’t changed: The technology behind all these devices may be getting better and more seamless, but for you, the consumer, there’s still a whole lot of research to be done to identify the best solution for your needs. In this Storystream CES 2017: All news and updates 5 smart home trends to watch in 2017 CES 2017: Lego announces robot-making toolkit for kids View all 5 stories Next Up In Home Tech CES 2017: Lego announces robot-making toolkit for kids CES 2017: Polaroid unveils compact new instant camera CES 2017: Kuri, a new AI assistant, wants to be your cute new robot butler CES 2017: Home tech trends to watch Architect designs smart nursing home controlled by the blink of an eye Facebook founder’s home assistant uses Morgan Freeman's voice Trending 7 ugly urban underpasses now functioning as public parks Incredible Frank Lloyd Wright house with 15 acres and waterfall asks $8M 16 U.S. museums with outstanding architecture My Color Story Here are Curbed readers' 9 favorite U.S. neighborhoods More Trending Newsletter By signing up you agree to our terms of use. Send Curbed a tip This Article has a component height of 41. The sidebar size is long. Loading comments... The Latest Homes For Sale Midcentury Modern Charming midcentury time capsule with glorious views is up for auction in Australia by Lauren Ro@blauring Another midcentury time capsule this way comes—by way of Brisbane, Australia. Built in the 1960s and impeccably preserved, the five-bedroom is on the market for the first time ever. New, 0 comments 0 recs Transportation Traffic deaths increased for the second year in a row by Alissa Walker Fatalities on U.S. streets last year were higher than previously estimated, and experts say they don’t know why New, 1 comment 0 recs Architecture Homes 'Floating' timber modern house in the woods offers mod take on rustic by Asad Syrkett@AsadSyrkett The dwelling made of a series of stacked black-stained and unvarnished cedar volumes that appear to float on a hefty base. New, 0 comments 0 recs Homes For Sale Frank Lloyd Wright Incredible Frank Lloyd Wright house with 15 acres and waterfall asks $8M by Lauren Ro@blauring The horseshoe-shaped house measures nearly 7,000 square feet and includes seven bedrooms and eight baths. New, 0 comments 0 recs Design These cool midcentury home and design ads are everything you'd expect by Asad Syrkett@AsadSyrkett The searchable database has it all: from hilarious 1950s and ‘60s advertisements for dishwashers, irons, and ovens, to ‘70s magazine ads for the latest in telephone technology. New, 0 comments 0 recs Architecture China Tadao Ando-designed theater in Shanghai features large circular cutouts by Lauren Ro@blauring The Shanghai Poly Grand Theater is a massive glass-and-concrete rectilinear building that features circular cutouts and recesses—like holes on a block of Swiss cheese—that are open to the public and exposed to the air. New, 0 comments 0 recs Chorus Terms of Use Privacy Policy Communications Preferences Contact Send Us a Tip Community Guidelines Masthead About Curbed All Systems Operational Check out our status page for more details. Vox Media Advertise with us Jobs @ Vox Media © 2017 Vox Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved tweet share
Gadgets Software Hardware Mobile Phones Internet Apple Features Everything Else Search ADVERTISE SPONSORED POSTS ABOUT US PRIVACY CONTACT US Sign in Welcome! Log into your account your username your password Forgot your password? Get help Password recovery Recover your password your email A password will be e-mailed to you. TechShout Gadgets Software Hardware Mobile Phones Internet Apple Features Everything Else Home Software Android Wear 2.0 set to arrive in early February Software Android Wear 2.0 set to arrive in early February By Bindu Nair - Jan 12, 2017 Android Wear 2.0 was supposed to come out sometime in fall last year but was delayed to early 2017 because of negative feedback for the developer preview. Google hasn’t specified to the public when exactly the OS will be rolled out. However, that’s not the case with developers who are actually dealing with Android Wear. Google’s sent out a missive telling them that the platform will be coming out in early February. The smartwatch OS includes a new Play Store which users can scroll through in search of apps. It also incorporates standalone applications so that people won’t be completely dependent on their handset. Google is sending the notice to specific developers who have an app that still uses the legacy embedded APK mechanism that is not optimized for the latest version of Android Wear. It’s warning them that failing to take action will result in individuals not being able to search for their application in the on-watch Play Store. Also Read: Google’s self-driving cars to hit the streets in late January Google then proceeds to list out the steps needed to bring the developer’s app up-to-date, including specifying whether it’s an independent app which can pair with iPhones. The tech behemoth had previously confirmed its plans to unveil two new flagship wearables alongside the announcement of Android Wear 2.0, though neither of them will be Google-branded like the Pixel smartphones are. Instead, the devices are apparently going to carry the brand name of the manufacturer that produced them. Google hasn’t revealed which firm is behind the duo. SOURCEAndroid Police TAGS Android Wear 2.0 Google SHARE Facebook Twitter tweet Previous articleiPhone 7 Review: Worth an upgrade? Next articleSamsung’s foldable phones to come out in Q3 2017 Bindu Nair RELATED ARTICLESMORE FROM AUTHOR WhatsApp denies it has a backdoor that makes your messages vulnerable Instagram to be invaded by more ads, this time in Stories WhatsApp adds GIF search, raises media sharing limit to 30 245,604FansLike 13,661FollowersFollow 13,481SubscribersSubscribe TRENDING All Alternatives Apple Cameras Download Features Gaming General Guide Hardware Home Entertainment Interesting Internet iPod News Laptops Mobile Phones Science Security Software Tablet Tech Reviews Telecom Wireless More Samsung Galaxy J2 Ace unveiled in India Bertila Helena - Jan 14, 2017 0 Moto X Play to get Nougat by January-end Bindu Nair - Jan 14, 2017 0 Motorola announces MWC event on February 26 Bertila Helena - Jan 14, 2017 0 Load more ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT © TechShout.com 2016
more_vert androidAndroid App facebookFacebook gplusGoogle + twitterTwitter youtubeYouTube rssRSS Feed search close android facebook gplus twitter youtube rss whatshotNews starsReviews phone_androidPhones tabletTablets appsApps gamesGames network_cellCarriers forumForums attach_moneyDeals Download the App Our Team Tip Us First 16 Things Every Honor 6X owner Should Do +8,501 Chris Chavez Jan 12th, 2017 publishUpdated   Jan 13th, 2017, 2:18 pm The Honor 6X could be the best value in mobile right now. To help early adopters get up to speed with the phone, we’ve put together a quick list highlighting the first 16 things you should do upon booting up the Honor 6X for the first time. Whether you already have the phone or you’re still waiting for the phone to arrive in the mail, check out our list to make sure you don’t miss anything. Let’s get started! Buy a case Huawei was nice enough to outfit the Honor 6X with a screen protector (plastic film) out of the box, but that’s only going to protect the display from light scratches. We know, the phone isn’t that expensive to begin with, but you’ll probably want a case if you’re looking to protect your investment from small bumps and drops. Don’t worry, we’ve got a great list of cases — in various form factors and protection ratings — to help get your started. Check ’em out: Minimal protection, but thin and grippy: Nillkin Frosted Shield ($12) Moderate protection: Clear TPU case ($7.90) Rugged protection: CoverON Shadow Armor Series ($10) Be careful when buying glass screen protectors If you’re looking to equip the phone with a glass screen protector we should warn you: the Honor 6X’s 2.5D glass display makes it extremely difficult for glass screen protectors to provide full coverage. When they do, more than often the glass screen protector won’t adhere properly to the edges, creating an unsightly “halo effect.” There are some glass screen protectors that prevent this (they always feature colored bezels), but because they don’t have adhesive all over the glass, it can create rainbowing in the middle of the display. It’s this reason you’ll find nearly every glass screen protector on Amazon carrying low ratings, it’s just the nature of dealing with 2.5D displays. Lock down your phone using your fingerprint This one is pretty much a given since the Honor 6X comes equipped with a fingerprint scanner — you might as well take advantage of it, right? You’ll first be asked during the initial setup wizard to protect your phone with a password or PIN, something that’s required if you want to use the fingerprint scanner to secure your device (it’s an all or nothing sort of deal). For whatever reason, pattern lock isn’t an available option. Why is PIN/password required to lock your phone with a fingerprint? Well, in the event your finger prints fall off, no longer work, or just can’t be used, you need something to fall back on. If you didn’t set it up during the initial setup process, you can also find it here: Open the Settings app Tap on Fingerprint ID Tap on Fingerprint management Setup a PIN/password Tap on Unlock screen Follow directions to record your fingerprint Note: If doing this from the initial setup wizard, you may get stuck in a never ending loop when attempting to select “Set screen lock style.” Just tap on Skip then confirm by selecting “Skip anyway” and finally, “Restore all default settings.” From there, you’ll be able to finish the initial “Protect your phone” setup, allowing you to enroll your fingerprints after creating a PIN or password. Speed up animations The Honor 6X doesn’t exactly scream speed and performance. It’s not that it’s slow by any means, but it’s possible to further kick things up by tweaking the app transition (open/close) and menu popup animations. It’s not hard and your new phone will be more responsive as a result. You’ll first need to unlock the hidden Developer options inside of the Settings app. Here’s how you do it: Open the Settings app Scroll down and select About phone Scroll down and tap Build Number 7 times “You are now a developer” message will appear Press back and you’ll see a new setting: Developer options Then… Open Developer options Scroll down select Window animation and choose .5x Select Transition animation and choose .5x Select Animator duration scale and choose .5x Turn off your screen and back on again Change your home screen to get your app drawer back Huawei Home isn’t the worst, but it’s far from the best home screen option you have. With thousands of apps in the Play Store, it’s pretty easy to find something else that you’ll love. Our recommendation? The Google Now Launcher. It’s simple, easy to use, has direct access to Google Now, and yes, it even has an app drawer. Crazy, right? Open the Settings app Tap on Apps Tap on Advanced (gear icon) Tap on Default app settings Tap on Launcher Choose desired launcher replacement (Nova Launcher, Google Launcher, etc.) The Honor 6X’s software will try to scare you into sticking with Huawei Home by warning you that other apps may use more battery. While this is true of any app you install on your phone, we haven’t had any problems with Nova Launcher or Google Launcher having any impact on battery life (this can be confirmed by visiting your battery stats). Download on Google Play Back up your photos/videos for free One of the most important things you can do on your phone is backup your data. Whether it’s contacts, emails, or Hangouts messages, these are all synced automatically to your Google account where they’re stored safely in “the cloud.” But what about your photos and videos? To do that, you’re going to download the Google Photos app. This will allow you backup unlimited high-quality photos and full HD 1080p videos for free. Here’s how you do it: Open Google Photos Open the slide out menu by swiping from the left Tap on Settings Select Back up & sync Tap on the On switch Under the Backup Settings section, you can fine tune and customize your backups: Choose between High quality photo/video backups (unlimited), or original quality (will use up your Google/Gmail/Drive storage) Back up photos Over Cellular (unlimited data plan recommended) or only when connected to WiFi. If you choose to back up photos over cellular, you can also choose whether to back up videos separately over cellular or WiFi. While charging only is a nice option so that backups wont use up precious battery (it also give you time to delete photos/videos before you plug in for the night). Select Choose folders to backup… to pick specific folders you want to also back up (by default, all your camera photos are backed up). Once backed up to Google Photos, all your photos will be stored in the cloud and immediately accessible from all your devices, computers, or other web connected devices. Google Photos also makes it easy to share and collaborate with others. It’s a win-win. Delete useless bloatware apps Huawei did a pretty good job of not including too many 3rd party applications on the Honor 6X. Sometimes referred to as bloatware, the Honor 6X features six pre-installed applications from their partners, but the good news is you aren’t stuck with them. These apps — which can be found on the default Huawei Home launcher inside the folder “Top Apps” — can all be uninstalled, so you don’t have to worry about them taking up space or giving you unwarranted notifications. List of pre-installed 3rd party apps on the Honor 6X: Booking.com Hotels CNN Lyft News Republic Trip Advisor Twitter There are a few different ways you can go about uninstalling them. If you’re using the default Huawei Home launcher, you can simply drag the icon to the top of the screen, over the trash can icon, then confirm that you’d like to uninstall. You can also simply search the app name on the Google Play Store, and uninstall it directly from its listing. The last way is by opening up the Settings app > Apps > tapping desired app > then selecting Uninstall. That’s it. Turn on popup and/or lock screen notifications Upon booting up and signing into your apps, you may have noticed that not all your notifications are being displayed the same way. Some appear in the status bar like usual, while some will show a popup at the top of your screen (banners). Even worse, none of these notifications are being displayed on the lock screen. It’s a weird move by Huawei, but you can change all that. Open the Settings app Select Notification panel & status bar Select on Notification center Tap on desired app Choose which notifications to show (status bar is set to on by default) It’s also worth knowing exactly where these settings are located should you install a game or app that you don’t want showing notifications at all. Bonus: you can also long press an app’s notification to be quickly taken to its notification settings. Turn off that annoying Power-intensive prompt While the software on the Honor 6X (officially known as EMUI) has plenty of features to take advantage of, it goes a little overboard in its effort to warn users about apps that may be consuming too much battery. EMUI calls them “power intensive” applications and we found that often times it’s simply referring to apps we’re frequently using. So, yeah. Of course they’re consuming battery. Thanks. Although we appreciate the warning, it begins to pester you and closing these apps out can do more harm than good. Our advice? Stop being paranoid about all you apps, and just turn off those darn “power intensive” warnings altogether. Here’s how: Open the Settings app Select Advanced settings Select Battery manager Tap on the gear icon (upper right) Turn off Power-intensive prompt Should ever feel like your battery life has suddenly taken a hit (or perhaps you just want to keep a close eye on things), Android already has a tool built-in to see how much battery your apps are using. You can find it by going into Settings > Consumption level and tapping on the Software drop down to reveal which apps are using the most battery on your phone. You should only freak out if you see an app you don’t use very often (or at all) near the top of the list. But if it’s something you’re using all the time (Twitter, Facebook, etc.), it makes sense that it will be at the top. Ya dig? Protect all (or some) apps to keep them open in the background EMUI — the Honor 6X’s custom Android software — is pretty aggressive about clearing the RAM on your phone. The good news is (unlike devices like the Galaxy S7 and OnePlus 3) this only happens when you turn off the display. It’s definitely possible to protect specific apps from being auto-closed whenever you turn off the display. Huawei recommends email, messaging, and social networking apps, but if you actually like the convenience of returning to all your apps without losing your place or waiting for it to reload all over again, then we strongly urge you to turn this entire “feature” off. You’ll thank us later. Here’s how: Open the Settings app Tap on Advanced settings Tap on Battery manager Tap on Protected apps Tap on Protect all Oh, and never mind the highlighted apps showing as “power-intensive.” Chances are, these are apps you either use the most, or apps that actually need to work in the background in order to function (the Clock app for instance). It’s just the Honor 6X’s way of being extremely overly cautious. Despite Huawei’s scare tactics, you really don’t worry about your apps using more battery just because they’re “running” in the background. Technically, they’re paused and allow you to quickly resume where you left off once you open them back up. You know, the way a normal Android device behaves and how Google intended the OS to function. NEVER use the Phone Manager app / Optimize tool Like on other devices, the Honor 6X also includes Huawei’s special Optimize tool as a part of EMUI 4.1. It can be found in a few places, both in the Battery manager settings and the Phone Manager app. We recommend staying far away from this “feature” as it will only recommend you turn off core features of your phone — things like WiFi, mobile data, auto-sync, and even auto-rotate — in order to “optimize” the device for battery savings. Might as well just shut the entire phone down, right? Because nobody likes having a handicapped phone, avoid this feature like the plague. That is unless you want your shiny new smartphone to act more like a dumbphone. Show the battery percentage inside the battery icon It’s no secret that the Honor 6X delivers some pretty great battery life, but sometimes you want to see exactly how much juice you have left throughout the day. You know, more than just a vague, slowly depleting battery icon. The good news is with the flip of a switch, you can embed a battery percentage right into the battery icon on your status bar. Here’s how: Open the Settings app Select Notification panel & status bar Toggle on Remaining battery percentage Optional: Battery percentage > Next to battery icon or In battery icon While you’re there, you may want to turn off Display carrier name as well. Chances are, you already know which carrier you’re with and don’t need it spelled it 24/7 on your status bar where it just clutters things up. Add automatic “Do not disturb” times Nobody likes being waken up in the middle of the night because they forgot to silence their phone before bed. Thankfully, your Honor 6X is smarter than that. One of the bigger advancements we’ve seen in Android was when they introduced automatic Do not disturb times. This gives the user the ability to set specific times when your phone will go into DnD mode, allowing only priority notifications like alarms of specific people/situations you’ve set. Here’s where you’ll find it: Open the Settings app Scroll down to Do not disturb Select Define priority interruptions – This allows you to choose they types of notifications you still want to hear during DnD. We recommend setting Repeated callers in the event of an emergency and someone is calling you from a different phone number. Under Automatic rules, turn on either weekends, weeknights, events, or your own custom rule/time. Use stock charger/cable for the fastest possible charging speeds It’s not really the fast charging tech we’ve seen implemented on other devices, but I guess you can say it’s close enough. With the Honor 6X being able to charge at 5V/2A, it’s faster than standard charging, but wont blow you away with its charging speeds (despite Huawei’s claims of the phone coming equipped with “fast charging” technology). Although we’re sure you have plenty of USB charger laying around the house, the Honor 6X is designed to recognize when it’s connected to its own charger/cable for optimal charging speeds. That means if you’re using a different charger/cable, it may not juice up quite as quickly. It probably wont be too dramatic, but for those times when you’re in a pinch and need to juice up as quickly as possible, just make sure to use the stock cable and charger to take advantage of the phone’s faster charging speeds. Learn how to find a lost or stolen Android phone It’s something nobody thinks about until it happens, but one of the worst things that could happen to you is losing your smartphone or having it stolen. In the event that your device does go missing, you need to know exactly how to recover your device or erase any personal information stored therein. Android’s built-in feature called “Android Device Manager” is the perfect way to track down a lost device, you just need to know where to find it. Go to google.com/android/devicemanager Select your phone from the drop-down menu You’ll see the device on a map and a few options for finding it (ring), locking it (if it wasn’t locked already), or erasing all of its contents Read More: How to find a lost or stolen phone Visit AndroidForums to learn more about the Honor 6X We covered a lot of ground here, but we’re only getting started. Although tutorials like this can be nice, sometimes to the best place to learn more about your brand new smartphone is by talking with others at AndroidForums. It’s there you’ll find brand new users like yourself, or even prospective buyers sharing their thoughts, experiences, or concerns they have with the Honor 6X It could be the best place to gain some knowledge and although there isn’t much chatter right now, feel free to start your own conversation to get things started: Honor 6X Forum. Here are some popular threads to help get you started: Is the Honor 6X really considered lower end? Full Honor 6X specs Moving from Note 4 or Incredible 2 to the Honor 6X Flash sale, save 50 off the already low $249! local_offer    Honor   honor 6x   Huawei   Auto-load comments: Off On View comments (4) stars Further Reading Ladies' Huawei Watch will be restocked soon says Huawei Mobile Roar 159: Best of CES Huawei unveils the P8 Lite (2017) Honor 6X sells out in 25 minutes Reminder: Honor 6X Giveaway Ends Today stars Popular this Weeklaunch 1 more_vertLatest OxygenOS update comes to the OnePlus 3T closeOnePlus pushes the latest OxygenOS Nougat update to the OnePlus 3 and 3T After users were discovered to be unable to download apps from the Play Store, OnePlus released a bug fix update for the OnePlus 3 and OnePlus 3T. 2 more_vertGalaxy S8 to have IP68 rating closeSamsung Galaxy S8 is expected to feature IP68 water resistance The Samsung Galaxy S8 is rumored to have IP68 water resistance. Are you surprised? 3 more_vertGoogle wants users to try "the new Google Voice" closeGoogle prematurely asks users to try the ‘the new Google Voice’ before it’s live Voice users logging into their inbox, are being greeted by a mysterious banner at the top of the site asking them to try “the new Google Voice.” Is Google Voice about to make a comeback? 4 more_vertFacebook suffers battery issues again closeFacebook draining your battery again? There’s a really quick solution this time Yet another issue is causing battery drain in Facebook and Facebook Messenger. Thankfully, there’s one simple thing you can do to solve your problems. 5 more_vertHands-on: Samsung Chromebook Pro closeHands-on: The Samsung Chromebook Pro is built to compete with the iPad Pro [VIDEO] Where this Chromebook really shines is the display and stylus. The display can be rotated 360-degrees, which allows you to take advantage of the touchscreen in tablet mode. A laptop with a touchscreen isn’t exactly unique these days, but Samsung has also included a stylus. 6 more_vertHTC U Ultra vs Competition closeHTC U Ultra vs LG V20 vs Pixel XL vs iPhone 7 Plus [CHART] If HTC wants to play the phablet game they have to compete with the other phablets on the market. We’ve compiled a few of the top big phones on the market for comparison. 7 more_vertSamsung's newest AMOLED displays are near bezel-less closeSamsung’s newest AMOLED displays are near bezel-less Samsung Display’s new video showcases just how thin bezels can be with its new AMOLED panels. Is this the display that will appear in the Galaxy S8? 8 more_vertNokia 6 doesn't run CyanogenMod closeNo, the Nokia 6 is not running CyanogenMod 14 If you happen to hear that the Nokia 6 will be running CyanogenMod this week, remember what you read here: it most likely won’t. 9 more_vertLG G6 to have 18:9 5.7-inch QHD display closeLG announces new 18:9 QHD LCD panel for the LG G6 The unveiling of the LG G6 is still more than a month away, but it looks like LG isn’t interested in waiting until Mobile World Congress to share important details about its 2017 flagship smartphone. After revealing that the LG G6 would not be a modular device, LG has now announced the new “QHD+” display … 10 more_vertGalaxy S8 case renders closeRenders of the Samsung Galaxy S8 seem to confirm the removal of the home button The Samsung Galaxy S8 is the topic of much discussion lately. A lot of rumors are flying around. New renders seem to confirm some of the rumors we’ve heard. Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Phandroid.com, 2007-2017
Close Biz & IT Tech Science Policy Cars Gaming & Culture Forums Navigate Videos Features Reviews Ars Approved RSS Feeds Mobile Site About Ars Staff Directory Contact Us Advertise with Ars Reprints Filter by topic Biz & IT Tech Science Policy Cars Gaming & Culture Forums Settings Front page layout Grid List Unified Wide Site theme Black on white White on black Sign in Comment activity Sign up or login to join the discussions! Stay logged in | Having trouble? Sign up to comment and more Sign up Ars Technica UK Easy — Uber has been built directly into Google Maps Enter your destination, browse rates, request a ride, and pay—all through Google Maps. Ron Amadeo - Jan 12, 2017 6:37 pm UTC reader comments 87 Share this story Go ahead, enlarge it and marvel. GoogleGoogle Maps is providing a big update for ride sharers: direct booking integration. In a post on the official blog today, Google announced you'll now be able to search, browse, request, and pay for an Uber directly from Google Maps. You don't even need the Uber app installed; Google says you merely need to sign into your Uber account for it to work. Booking a ride is easy. After picking a destination in Google Maps, next to the "car" and "mass transit" tabs is a ride sharing tab. Tap on it, and you'll see the fees and arrival times from Uber. From there, pick a credit card through your Uber account and hit "request." All the usual Uber features seem to be here, including arrival times, driver ratings, and a driver call button. Oddly, there is a "Lyft" tab in the video along with screenshots, but Google doesn't mention anything about direct Lyft booking in its post. This is most likely just the old Google Maps interface, which let you browse rides and see the cost without the ability to book a ride directly. The Google Maps update is coming to iOS and Android "starting today," but like many Google releases, it's slowly rolling out to users. If you don't have it yet, just keep waiting. Listing image by Eric Bangeman Ron Amadeo Ron is the Reviews Editor at Ars Technica, where he specializes in Android OS and Google products. He is always on the hunt for a new gadget and loves to rip things apart to see how they work. Email ron.amadeo@arstechnica.com // Twitter @RonAmadeo reader comments 87 Share this story You must login or create an account to comment. ← Previous story Next story → Related Stories Sponsored Stories Powered by Today on Ars RSS Feeds View Mobile Site Visit Ars Technica UK About Us Contact Us Staff Advertise with us Reprints WIRED Media Group Use of this Site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement (effective 1/2/14) and Privacy Policy (effective 1/2/14), and Ars Technica Addendum (effective 5/17/2012). Your California Privacy Rights. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast.
Search Reviews iPhone Android How To Reviews iPhone How To Auto About Best 11 Best Weight Loss Apps for 2017 Best iPhone 7 Cases Things Apple Watch Can Do Android Galaxy S7 20 Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Cases Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Deals 5 Best Galaxy S7 Battery Cases 8 Best Galaxy S7 Screen Protectors 8 Best Galaxy S7 Edge Screen Protectors 18 Best Galaxy S7 Edge Cases Deals 5 Best Android Smartphones Under $200 [2016] Best Cheap Android Smartphones [2017] Nexus Android 7.1.1 Nougat Update: What You Need to Know Cory Gunther01/05/2017 Following the global release of Android 7.0 Nougat back in August, Google confirmed multiple other updates were coming soon. Then on December 5th the company officially released Android 7.1.1 Nougat for the Nexus 5X, Nexus 6P and Pixel C tablet. Additionally, it’s available for the Google Pixel and Pixel XL. Below is everything you need to know about Nexus Android Nougat updates. Advertisement Many of the features users love on the Google Pixel and Pixel XL are exclusive to that phone. However, with Android 7.1.1 Nougat some are available for all Android devices, starting with Nexus phones. To kick-off January Google’s already released their latest Android 7.1.1 update and security bulletin. Read: Google Pixel Review: A New Generation of Android As promised, in December the final Android 7.1.1 Nexus update arrived for Nexus smartphones and tablets. Including the new Pixel. At this point all owners should have it, and can expect another update to arrive in January. Other manufacturers are working hard to deliver the same. Like Samsung and Motorola. Advertisement Advertisement Android 7.1.1 Nougat includes a few new features and additional tweaks over the original release, and more could be coming soon. The developer preview is over, Google released factory images and OTA files. At this point all Nexus devices should be on the new software. The first release had some new software features first shown off on the Pixel. Some of those included round icons, app shortcuts on the homescreen and launcher icons, image and GIF support in the keyboard, Night Light and more. The second developer preview looks to mostly be bug fixes, and added a slew of new emoji characters. Which Devices Are Getting Android 7.1.1 Nougat? Of course Google’s new Pixel and Pixel XL run the latest software, and they already received the newest version. Build NMF26O. Furthermore, the Nexus 5X, Nexus 6P, Pixel C tablet, Nexus 9 and Nexus Player are getting it too. Google claimed the Nexus 6 would be added on the 2nd preview, but that never happened. Android 7.1 is still missing for the Nexus 5 and Nexus 6. That said, the Nexus 6 Android 7.1.1 update is finally available as of January 5th. Advertisement In closing, those who were running the beta were oddly last to receive over the air updates to the official release. My Pixel C tablet didn’t get it until December 26th, and others could be experiencing the same problem. How to Get Android 7.1.1 Nougat There are multiple ways to install Android 7.1.1 Nougat today. The easiest of them all however, is to just wait for the over-the-air notification on your device. If you haven’t received it yet, follow any of the steps below. Join the Android 7.1 Nougat Beta (click here) and Enroll your device Download and Install the Factory Image (Instructions) Download and flash the OTA update files manually (click here) Read: Android 7.0 vs Android 6.0 Marshmallow: What’s New Alternatively users can manually install the factory image like many have been doing for years. This is more intensive, requires a full wipe and erase of the device, and is more involved. Then the third method is similar to the beta and over the air update, just done manually. Basically side-loading the update files. This takes some know-how, and will not erase your device. Those on the beta cannot side-load from it to the official build without a full wipe. Android 7.1.1 Nougat Release Date As of right now 7.1.1 Nougat is only available for the devices mentioned above, and running on Pixel phones. It was released on December 5th and now in 2017 everyone should have it. Advertisement If you own the Nexus 6 by Motorola, we have good news. After a short wait Google released factory images and all files of Android 7.1.1 on January 5th. Enjoy it. In closing, those with a Nexus or Pixel are getting the January security patch starting on the 3rd. Expect OTAs to rollout for the first 7-10 days of January. Those with devices from Samsung and others will need to wait a little while longer for Nougat. Motorola and OnePlus are the few to already release Nougat for their devices. At this point there is no information to suggest Google is working on a version of Android 7.1.2 Nougat, but other maintenance releases could be on the way as 2017 continues. That all said for those who aren’t enjoying Nougat, here are fixes for any potential problems you may be facing. 14 Responses 10/20/2016 liviaemily_6 Reply Android 7.1 Developer Preview now available for Nexus 5X, 6P and Pixel C 11/28/2016 John Mitton Reply Google released final Android 7.1.1 Developer sample 2 for Nexus devices earlier this week. Google will release Android 7.1.1 update to Nexus 6P on December 6. 12/17/2016 Paul Reply is 7.1.1 OTA for 6P yet? I still can’t get it via standard Setting, Phone, check for System update though. thanks. 12/06/2016 John Mitton Reply Google adds new emoji and GIF keyboards to Android. latest android keyboard update 12/18/2016 Mircho Mirchev Reply Nexus 6p here, tired of checking still on last beta version. As if Google forgotten about my phone. 12/19/2016 Eric Reply I have not received the 7.1.1 update on My Nexus 9. 12/21/2016 Tia Winbush Reply I have a Samsung Galaxy S7, and have not received an update. 12/27/2016 Dawn Evans Reply Knew there were issues with Android 7.0 so waited until December 27th when I read that 7.1 was out with fixes before installing but the 7.1 is still not available from system update. 12/27/2016 Dale Sundstrom Reply The author is far to optimistic about Nexus updates. My Nexus 5X has yet to receive 7.1.1 OTA on December 27. Update rollouts clearly take much longer than the 7-10 days the author suggests. 12/28/2016 Gohar Reply Awesome Nexus 6 Update Coming 12/29/2016 Jane Reply Nexus 6p no update as of 12/28. Husband’s 5x updated 2 weeks ago. 01/07/2017 Greg Stovall Reply It is now January 7, 2017, and my Nexus 5X, purchased from the Google store, still has not been offered the December 7.1.1 update. I also feel frustrated that my phone has been left out of the roll-out (despite being a Project Fi customer). I’ve done all the steps suggested by support folks (including factory data reset), but none of them have shaken loose an offer of 7.1.1. 01/12/2017 Goel Reply Finally received 3 OTAs yesterday for Nexus 5X. December security update, 7.1.1 and January fix 01/12/2017 Missmelony Reply Got my update this morning 5x Leave a Reply Cancel Reply Your email address will not be published. Comment Name* Email* Website 27 Best iPhone 7 Cases 01/12/2017 Samsung Galaxy Marshmallow Update Info (2017) 01/11/2017
EDITION US عربي (Arabi) Australia Brasil Canada Deutschland España France Ελλάδα (Greece) India Italia 日本 (Japan) 한국 (Korea) Maghreb México Québec (En Francais) South Africa United Kingdom United States NEWS WorldPost Highline Science Education Weird News Business TestKitchen Tech College Media POLITICS Pollster Election Results Eat the Press HuffPost Hill Candidate Confessional So That Happened ENTERTAINMENT Sports Comedy Celebrity Books Entertainment TV Arts + Culture WELLNESS Healthy Living Travel Style Taste Home Weddings Divorce Sleep WHAT'S WORKING Impact Green Good News Global Health VOICES Black Voices Latino Voices Women Fifty Religion Queer Voices Parents Teen College VIDEO ALL SECTIONS Arts + Culture Black Voices Books Business Candidate Confessional Celebrity College Comedy Crime Divorce Dolce Vita Eat the Press Education Election Results Entertainment Fifty Good News Green Healthy Living Highline Home Horoscopes HuffPost Data HuffPost Hill Impact Latino Voices Media Outspeak Parents Politics Pollster Queer Voices Religion Science Small Business So That Happened Sports Style Taste Tech Teen TestKitchen Travel TV Weddings Weird News Women WorldPost FEATURED Hawaii OWN Quiet Revolution Don't Stress the Mess Endeavor Fearless Dreamers Generation Now Inspiration Generation Paving the Way The Power Of Humanity Sleep + Wellness What's Working: Purpose + Profit What's Working: Small Businesses THE BLOG How Quitting My Job at Google to Start My Own Business Was Inspirational 01/12/2017 01:35 pm ET | Updated 3 days ago Quora The best answer to any question What was it like to leave Google to start ThirdLove? originally appeared on Quora - the knowledge sharing network where compelling questions are answered by people with unique insights. Answer by Heidi Zak, Co-Founder of ThirdLove, on Quora. What was it like to leave Google to start ThirdLove? The scariest part: The scariest thing about leaving Google was the fact that I gave up a good gig, and a salary. I was reporting to the VP of Americas marketing, working on some really interesting projects and I loved my co-workers (one of my closest friends still today is someone I met in my first week of Google). Leaving a well-paying job to bootstrap a company, with no income coming in, is scary. It took me months of discussion and contemplation before actually taking the plunge to start ThirdLove. The most exciting part: When you're about to start a company, the world is rosy. We had a clear idea of what we were going to do and how fun starting a company would be. Then, reality hit... very quickly. Working out of a small apartment with my husband and no employees, no real product and just an idea was going to be much harder than we thought. The excitement dissipates a bit when you realize what you really have gotten into. No more Google, no more organic lunches, chair massages to break up the day, cheery co-workers to grab a drink with after work. Just you, your co-founder and a big idea. The most inspirational part: One thing that Google taught me that I will always be thankful for is to embrace change. Prior to Google I had worked for bigger, more traditional companies where day to day things just kind of moved along (Bank of America, McKinsey, Aeropostale). Within just a few months at Google, there was a re-org and my role completely changed. That change gave me the opportunity to work with new people across the company and take on more responsibility. I learned at Google to look forward to change, and to recognize that it creates opportunity. And that, at the core, allowed me to have the confidence to make the jump to starting a company. This question originally appeared on Quora. - the knowledge sharing network where compelling questions are answered by people with unique insights. You can follow Quora on Twitter, Facebook, and Google+. More questions:​ Entrepreneurship: What is it like to live with, be married to, and then co-found with your partner? Parenting: What are some of the challenges entrepreneurial parents face? Clothing and Apparel: Considering the lack of knowledge among women regarding the right bra size, what are some innovative ways the lingerie industry can tackle this issue? Follow Quora on Twitter: www.twitter.com/Quora More: Google Jobs Careers Career Advice Third Love Comments From Our Partners Presented by LendingTree Close SUBSCRIBE TO & FOLLOW THE MORNING EMAIL The Morning Email helps you start your workday with everything you need to know: breaking news, entertainment and a dash of fun. Learn more Newsletter 95.6 K 464 K Podcast Add us on Snapchat How Quitting My Job at Google to Start My Own Business Was Inspirational NEW! HIGHLIGHT AND SHARE Highlight text to share via Facebook and Twitter CONVERSATIONS Advertise RSS Careers FAQ User Agreement Privacy Comment Policy About Us About Our Ads Contact Us Archive Copyright © 2017 TheHuffingtonPost.com, Inc.    "The Huffington Post" is a registered trademark of TheHuffingtonPost.com, Inc. All rights reserved. Part of HuffPost Impact
iDownloadBlog Home Jailbreak How to Jailbreak Jailbreak News Jailbreak Tweaks Cydia Unlock How to Unlock Unlock News iPhone iPhone News iPhone 6s iPhone 6 Plus iPhone 6 iPhone Photography iPad iPad News iPad Air iPad mini Watch Apple Watch Guide Mac Mac Mac Apps Mac Tips TV Apple TV guide Apps iOS Apps Mac Apps Widgets Best Apps App Finder Tips Tips How to Tutorial iPhone Photography Download Deals Wallpapers of the week: geometry pack The top stories of the week on iDB Daily Deals: Beats Solo3 headphones $220, Sony PS4 $220, and more Let’s Talk iOS 169: 10-year iPhone anniversary special   skip to main content skip to main menu     Google rolling out overhauled ride services experience in Maps for iOS By Christian Zibreg, Jan 12, 2017 Tweet Leave a Comment Google today announced that expanded ride options and more actionable information are now available to users of the mobile Google Maps application on iOS and Android. You can now book, complete and pay for an Uber ride without ever leaving Google Maps, as well as browse useful information related to your destination during the ride with menus, hours and other helpful details only a swipe away. As you can see on the Android screenshots below, Google Maps will soon display more types of ride options and more actionable information. Rather than put up a long list of ride service providers and ride options like before (left), the refreshed app will display a new carousel of ride service providers in your vicinity (right). Simply tap on a preferred provider to see a complete list of ride options along with any special offers or promos. As mentioned, Google Maps for iOS now supports booking, completing and paying for an Uber ride without ever leaving the app, even if you don’t have the Uber app installed on your device. You only need to sign into your existing Uber account to book a ride, track your driver on the map and connect with them from within the Google Maps app. The video embedded further below depicts browsing information about your destination while en route with menus, hours and other helpful details available to you with a swipe. The overhauled ride services experience began rolling out this morning. It’s a staggered release so not everyone will get these new features at the same time. Apple’s own mapping application includes extension points on iOS 10 to support integration with ride hailing and restaurant booking apps, permitting users to order their ride or food and pay for it via Apple Pay without leaving the app. Grab Google Maps for iOS at no charge from App Store. Source: Google Share: Tweet Follow: Follow @iDownloadBlog We Recommend Google Maps for iOS gains food delivery support, plus codes & more Google Maps for iOS refreshed with cleaner look, now highlights local areas of interest Google Maps for iOS gains Travel Times widget, Night mode and other new features in latest update Google Maps for iOS now integrates with popular ride services, Spotlight Search and more Related Topics App Store Apps, App Updates, Apple, Google, Google Maps, iPad, iPhone, iPod Touch, Mapping, Maps, News   Search Connect with iDownloadBlog Facebook Become a fan RSS Get the latest news YouTube Watch Us Twitter Stay up to date Newsletter News delivered to you Google+ Add us to your circle   The most recent headlines Wallpapers of the week: geometry pack Jailbreak tweaks of the week: OnceMore, Photicon, & more… The top stories of the week on iDB Photicon replaces your Photos app icon with a preview of your most recent picture AdaptiveColorAlerts colorizes all your alert messages to match anything behind them   The latest jailbreak news Jailbreak tweaks of the week: OnceMore, Photicon, & more… Photicon replaces your Photos app icon with a preview of your most recent picture AdaptiveColorAlerts colorizes all your alert messages to match anything behind them Why to avoid third-party Cydia Substrate “patches” for the iOS 10 beta jailbreak OnceMore lets you repeat iPhone timers right from the Lock screen iDownloadBlog           iDownloadblog.com About About Advertise Contact Keep in Touch Twitter Facebook RSS Feed Newsletter Push Notifications Podcasts Let's Talk iOS Let's Talk Jailbreak Site Stuff Disclosure Privacy Policy   Copyright iDownloadBlog 2017. This website is not affiliated with Apple.
Menu Search Follow Us Facebook Instagram Twitter Youtube Flipboard LinkedIn Google+ RSS More Youtube Flipboard LinkedIn Google+ RSS Got a tip? Let us know. News Channels Startups Mobile Gadgets Enterprise Social Europe Asia Crunch Network Unicorn Leaderboard Gift Guides All Topics All Galleries All Timelines Video Shows Apps News CES 2017 Crunch Report Gadgets Reviews Interviews TC Features All Shows All Videos Events TechCrunch Events Disrupt Startup Battlefield Crunchies Meetups International City Events Hackathon Include NFL’s 1ST and Future TechCrunch Store News About Mobile World Congress CES All Events Crunchbase Trending Tesla Google Facebook News Startups Mobile Gadgets Enterprise Social Europe Message Us Search TechCrunch Search TechCrunch Search Search × Hi! You are about to activate our Facebook Messenger news bot. Once subscribed, the bot will send you a digest of trending stories once a day. You can also customize the types of stories it sends you. Click on the button below to subscribe and wait for a new Facebook message from the TC Messenger news bot. Thanks, TC Team 10th Annual CrunchiesWin A Trip To The Crunchies In San Francisco Enter To Win Today Apps Timehop founder Jon Wegener replaced as CEO by design lead Matt Raoul Sony Entertainment CEO Michael Lynton is now Snapchat’s chairman Salesforce’s Quip acquires ex-Facebook designer studio Unity&Variety Browse more... Google Maps Google Maps’ Foursquare-like lists feature is getting closer to launch Google Maps now notes if a location is wheelchair accessible Google to shut down Map Maker, its crowdsourced map editing tool Browse more... Uber U.S. Department of Transportation announces a new committee focused on automation Uber now suggests destinations based on your calendar Uber’s David Plouffe will run politics for the Chan Zuckerberg Initiative Browse more... ridesharing app India Proposes Legal Guidelines For Ridesharing Apps Like Uber And Ola Browse more... Google Maps’ redesigned ridesharing feature lets you hail an Uber without ever leaving the app Posted Jan 12, 2017 by Frederic Lardinois (@fredericl) 0 SHARES Next Story Eric Schmidt-backed HouseCanary raises $33 million Google today announced a small update to Google Maps that makes it easier to hail a ridesharing service like Uber, Lyft, Gett or Hailo from the app. With this update, Google Maps now feels a bit more like the native apps those services already offer. Instead of showing you a list with only a few ride options, the app now shows a map with the location of nearby cars and a larger list of options for each service (no word on whether the UberChopper will ever make an appearance in this menu, though). With this update, Google now also lets you book an Uber and pay for it directly from Google Maps without ever leaving the app. You do need an Uber account, of course (or sign up for one), but that’s about it. As Google notes, you don’t need to have the Uber app installed for this to work. It’s worth noting that Apple Maps, too, has had the capability to order rides with both Uber and Lyft since last September. Uber makes it relatively easy for developers to build this kind of integration into their apps. The company also offers its API partners a rewards program for signing up new riders. It’s unclear whether Google is participating in this or if it has worked out another deal with the company. Google Ventures (which is now simply called GV) made a large and relatively early investment into Uber in 2013, though, so Google does have a vested interest in Uber’s success. Google says these updates are starting to roll out today. They will be available globally for Google Maps users on Android and iOS. Featured Image: NurPhoto/Getty Images 0 SHARES Advertisement Advertisement Crunchbase Google Maps Description Google Maps is a location-based service by Google that enables users to find local businesses, view maps, and get driving directions. Website http://maps.google.com Full profile for Google Maps Uber Founded 2009 Overview Uber, a [San Francisco](/location/san-francisco/528f5e3c90d111115d1c2e4ff979d58e)-based technology startup, is innovating at the intersection of lifestyle and logistics. Uber connects riders with safe, reliable, convenient transportation providers at a variety of price-points in cities around the world. Location San Francisco, CA Categories Public Transportation, Mobile Apps, Transportation Website http://www.uber.com Full profile for Uber Newsletter Subscriptions The Daily Crunch Get the top tech stories of the day delivered to your inbox TC Weekly Roundup Get a weekly recap of the biggest tech stories Crunchbase Daily The latest startup funding announcements Enter Address Subscribe SEE ALL NEWSLETTERS » Latest Crunch Report Nintendo Switch Hits the Market on March 3 | Crunch Report Watch More Episodes Uber ridesharing app Google Maps Apps Popular Posts Featured Stories Sarah Michelle Gellar on starting Foodstirs VIDEO | 4:58 | Interviews Start thinking like a startup 3 hours ago | Mona Bijoor Dronerise: gradually, then suddenly 11 hours ago | Jon Evans, Columnist SpaceX successfully lands its first-stage Falcon 9 rocket on drone ship yesterday | Darrell Etherington SpaceX successfully returns to launch with Iridium-1 NEXT Falcon 9 mission yesterday | Darrell Etherington Latest From TechCrunch Start thinking like a startup 3 hours ago | Mona Bijoor Lessons from Dharamsala on business and life 5 hours ago | Karl Mehta Puerto Rico turns to tech and entrepreneurialism to revitalize the economy 7 hours ago | Jim Glade Innovation under the hood will rev the engines of a fintech revolution 11 hours ago | Matt Heiman Up Next Eric Schmidt-backed HouseCanary raises $33 million Posted Jan 12, 2017 CrunchBoard Job Listings Digital Marketing Specialist at IBISWorld (Los Angeles, CA, United States) Head of Marketing at Concord (San Francisco, CA, United States) DevOps Engineer @ Qadium at The Sourcery (San Francisco, CA, United States) Sales Director at Shopkick (New York, NY, United States) System Administrator at Shopkick (Redwood City, CA, United States) More from CrunchBoard Advertisement TechCrunch News Video Events Crunchbase TechCrunch Store About Staff Contact Us Advertise With Us Event & Editorial Calendar Send Us A Tip International China Europe Japan Follow TechCrunch Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Youtube Pinterest Tumblr Instagram StumbleUpon Feed TechCrunch Apps iOS Android Windows 8 Subscribe to The Daily Crunch Latest headlines delivered to you daily Subscribe to <span class="no-mobile">Subscribe to </span>The Daily Crunch Enter Email Address Subscribe © 2013-2017 AOL Inc. All rights reserved. Aol Tech Privacy Policy About Our Ads Anti Harassment Policy Terms of Service Powered by WordPress.com VIP Fonts by News Startups Mobile Gadgets Enterprise Social Europe Asia Crunch Network Unicorn Leaderboard Gift Guides All Galleries All Timelines Videos Apps News CES 2017 Crunch Report All Shows All Videos Events Disrupt Startup Battlefield Crunchies Meetups International City Events Hackathon Include NFL’s 1ST and Future TechCrunch Store All Events Crunchbase Message Us Most Popular WTF is machine learning? Oct 23, 2016 by John Mannes Start thinking like a startup 3 hours ago by Mona Bijoor Puerto Rico turns to tech and entrepreneurialism to revitalize the economy 7 hours ago by Jim Glade Innovation under the hood will rev the engines of a fintech revolution 11 hours ago by Matt Heiman Facebook encourages text statuses with new colored backgrounds Dec 19, 2016 by Josh Constine Technology can’t replace the human touch 11 hours ago by Ron Miller Dronerise: gradually, then suddenly 11 hours ago by Jon Evans SpaceX successfully lands its first-stage Falcon 9 rocket on drone ship yesterday by Darrell Etherington Apple’s first AirPods ad reminds me of the iPod ads yesterday by Romain Dillet
About Contacts Visit Us Discussion Guidelines Write for us Invest in your business with an ad Resources What is OpenSim? How to hypergrid Hypergrid FAQ Getting Started Where to get content for OpenSim Scripts Metaverse communities Virtual reality headsets 10 best VR headsets under $100 How to set up your new mobile VR viewer VR Headset QR Codes Statistics Active OpenSim Grids Popular Hypergrid Worlds Historic Statistics Vendors Editor’s Picks Bargain Hosting Independent Hosting Grids Renting Land Consultants & Developers Designers & Builders Hyperica Directory Home VR & AR Metaverse How To What is OpenSim? VR Headsets VR QR Codes Columns / VR & AR 0  Print This Post   •    Email This Post   •   How I use CoSpaces to help students create their dreams by Michael Drezek · January 12, 2017 My role in my school district, involves working directly with classroom teachers in kindergarten through 12th grade to help them create effective learning experiences with technology. Recently, I’ve become a fan of what virtual reality brings to the classroom. I came across CoSpaces through Twitter at the start of this school year and it has quickly become a favorite classroom tool due to the creation platform. No software to install and no subscription fees are a huge plus. I also appreciate that they value educator input and actively seek feedback to improve the product. In most of what I’ve done with virtual reality prior to using CoSpaces, students have consumed the content to connect to a learning objective — mainly Google Expeditions and Nearpod VR. We’ve also had a demo day with zSpace and are looking to add a virtual reality lab in the coming school year. As I venture into classrooms to work with teachers and students, I like to keep the new ISTE student standards a focus. (Image courtesy Michael Drezek.) CoSpaces allows for the integration of each of these standards. Since I’ve started using CoSpaces, they’ve added several more features that are beneficial to the classroom, mainly the scripting aspect. From a teaching and learning point of view, CoSpaces provides a sandbox to become whatever is needed. This leads to great creativity since it isn’t scripted out for students. I can see art classes creating digital art galleries in a space, foreign language classes creating cultural scenes with audio narration to help students develop speaking skills, computer programming classes developing programming concepts through Java Script and Blockly, history classes recreating scenes from a unit or historical figure of study, technology classes prototyping a design they may want to 3D print, and English Language Acquisition classes creating a virtual reality poem, short story or book. When teachers contact me for lesson ideas, I always think of CoSpaces since kids can create and really demonstrate understanding. “What I Cannot Create, I Do Not Understand” was written on Nobel-Prize winning physicist Richard Feynman’s blackboard when he died. If students are creating, they are understanding. This is what I want for my students. This is what I want out of ed tech. So far I’ve used CoSpaces in grades seven, eight and nine. Since our school uses Google Apps for Education, students are quickly able to create accounts with Google Single Sign-On. One less username and password to remember is always a plus for them and the teacher! From a teacher perspective, I did not need to spend a great deal of time teaching the students how to use CoSpaces. I give a five to ten minute overview, post the link to the CoSpaces YouTube channel in Google Classroom and let them explore. It didn’t take long for me to learn new things from the students. They were empowered and there was not a single student bored. (Image courtesy Michael Drezek.) Many amazed me by their creativity and how quickly they picked up the program. STEM Challenge (Image courtesy CoSpaces.) In grade seven, one student used CoSpaces to create an animal habitat they were trying to improve as part of a Global STEM Hub we have between our school and two schools in Ontario, Canada. Ours is local between Lake Shore Central (Angola, NY, USA), Vista Hills School (Waterloo, Ontario, Canada) and Lincoln Heights School (Waterloo, Ontario, Canada). There isn’t a website link for it to maintain student privacy of shared blogs. Students have a bi-monthly STEM Challenge to collaborate on through a blog and can solve or create using any means necessary. Since CoSpaces has sharing abilities, this student was able to quickly create a share link and post it to his blog for his STEM Hub team members to view. A virtual reality viewer is a plus but not needed. Global Maker’s Day (Image courtesy CoSpaces.) In grade eight, I gathered a group of students to participate in Global Maker Day that took place on October 25. One task for this day was to have students design the school of their dreams using CoSpaces. This was the only directive. We also asked students to narrate their design. Students had the choice to use Audacity or Vocaroo and then add the MP3 audio to the CoSpaces stage. This added another element of power to the activity. Students also had to work on presentation and communication skills. They also learned some technology skills such as how to save an audio file and import it into CoSpaces. You can see grade eight student Samantha’s project below. (Image courtesy CoSpaces.) I also linked a Tweet with a few students creating and viewing their work. The hashtag #GlobalMakerDay on October 25 gives a great glimpse into the day in schools across the globe. It was great for our students to get creative, talk about their dreams and what they would like to see in a school. While some ideas are far from becoming reality, it helped to hear from them and see how important it is to break away from the traditional model of schooling. CoSpaces was a nice vehicle for this task! See the blog post here on the day. Christmas Around the World (Image courtesy Michael Drezek.) In grade three, students contributed to a Christmas Around the World project started by Bronwyn Joyce, a classroom teacher in Australia. Schools from Australia, Indonesia, Russia, Canada, New Zealand, Kentucky, Delaware, and our school all participated. One of the ISTE student standards is global collaborator. Opening up students to various cultures and flattening classroom walls has become a passion of mine. I have learned that classroom projects of this type quickly build empathy. This project was no different. Students really enjoyed learning of traditions from other classrooms around the world. It really opened up their eyes to understanding similarities and differences across the globe. Our third grade students contributed Buncee e-cards and Adobe Spark multimedia videos that I helped facilitate. Then I took CoSpaces to ninth grade students to create holiday traditions in virtual reality to share with the schools around the globe. You can see their work and our traditions here. (Image courtesy Deann Poleon.) The above image is from Deann Poleon’s project from the above link. I also Tweeted about her new tree farm tradition here and some general student work here. Students also either added holiday music to their scenes or narrated a tradition. Most chose music to make it festive. Poleon, an English teacher, played music in the background as she narrated the scene to add both elements. A few students got into it and added multiple scenes. It was a really fun way to share their traditions with schools around the world. One female student discovered the Java Script function and spent the entire time teaching herself to code her CoSpaces characters to sing Silent Night, a Christmas Carol. She mentioned that she wants to get into computer programming as a career but had no experience. It was neat to see her explore the functions and experience the ups and downs of coding. Her reaction when her script worked for the first time was priceless. I think it ignited a spark for her to further pursue her career interests. I wish I had video of student reactions as they used Google Cardboard to visit their creations in full virtual reality. There were a lot of “whoa,” “this is awesome,” “no way,” “check this out,” and “this is crazy!” While this is our first day back in session since the holiday break, I would guess that many students installed the CoSpaces app and shared their creations with family over the holiday recess. (Image courtesy Michael Drezek.) Mrs. Joyce’s class in Australia mailed artwork from students and a book to our class in New York. Over the break we mailed some New York themed items back to Australia. It is the start to a new collaboration that will continue with additional global education projects! My next plan for CoSpaces is to do more with the programming end of it. We have an intro to computer programming class at the high school and this is a perfect match. I have experienced the power of Scratch with students and see CoSpaces scripting offering something similar yet deeper in that students can experience what they design and program in full virtual reality. We are excited about the possibility of a classroom subscription with additional features and virtual reality objects available that will become available later this year. Also the app for creating content on tablets coming down the road will open up even more possibilities for schools using iPads. Related Posts 10 super-cheap viewers for trying out VR vTime social network now on Daydream CES 2017 to feature more than 70 VR exhibitors Check out best VRFest video, game nominees—3 days left to vote So many people got VR headsets as presents Tags: BlocklyChristmas Around the WorldCoSpacesGlobal Marker's DayGoogle Apps for EducationGoogle CardboardGoogle ClassroomGoogle ExpeditionsIslands of EnlightenmentISTENearpod VRSTEM ChallengeSTEM HubzSpaces Michael Drezek Michael Drezek is a technology integrator at New York State's Lake Shore Central School District. He was recently was recently named 2016 NYSCATE Outstanding Teacher. Follow Michael Drezek on Twitter. MORE Ad Spotlight 10 super-cheap viewers for trying out VR Best VR headsets for iPhones VR games that work with iPhone controllers 18 open-sided VR headsets Recent Comments RESOURCES How to set up your new mobile VR viewer 4 Jun, 2016 How to watch YouTube on Cardboard viewers 4 Jun, 2016 Free gates on Hyperica 19 Oct, 2014 Hypergate script with region restart fix 18 Oct, 2014 How to make quick metal and silk textures in GIMP 11 Oct, 2014 Promote Your Business Buy an Ad On Hypergrid Business Get a Free Ad on Hyperica How to Get a Free Vendor Listing How to Write a Press Release 10 Ideas For a Press Release Contributing Write For Us Submission Guidelines How to Pitch A Guest Post Hypergrid Business Stylebook About Hypergrid Business Contact Us Discussion Guidelines RSS Feed About Contacts Visit Us Discussion Guidelines Write for us Invest in your business with an ad Resources What is OpenSim? How to hypergrid Hypergrid FAQ Getting Started Where to get content for OpenSim Scripts Metaverse communities Virtual reality headsets 10 best VR headsets under $100 How to set up your new mobile VR viewer VR Headset QR Codes Statistics Active OpenSim Grids Popular Hypergrid Worlds Historic Statistics Vendors Editor’s Picks Bargain Hosting Independent Hosting Grids Renting Land Consultants & Developers Designers & Builders Hyperica Directory Copyright 2014 Trombly International This website uses cookies to improve your experience and to help us and our advertisers understand our audience so that we can grow the OpenSim ecosystem. Accept Read More Privacy & Cookies Policy Tweet
Homepage Features Press Releases Interviews Events 2016 Events E3 2016 TGS 2016 2015 Events E3 2015 EB Expo 2015 TGS 2015 2014 Events E3 2014 EB Expo 2014 PAX Aus 2014 SMASH 2014 Slash Only 4 2014 Slash Only 5 2014 Supanova 2014 TGS 2014 2013 Events E3 2013 EB Expo 2013 Jiong Jiong 2013 PAX Aus 2013 SMASH 2013 Slash Only 2 2013 Slash Only 3 2013 Star Trek Convention Supanova 2013 TGS 2013 2012 Events 16th Japanese Film Festival Animania 2012 Armageddon 2012 ComicDive 7 2012 E3 2012 EB Expo 2012 Fan Expo Canada 2012 Fate Only 2012 Jiong Jiong 2012 LinJie V 2012 M.Y. Comic 3 2012 Oz Comic Con PAX East SMASH 2012 Supanova 2012 TGS 2012 2011 Events E3 2011 EB Expo 2011 GAME On! Festival 2011 Gamescom 2011 Manifest 2011 PAX 2011 SMASH Supanova 2011 TGS 2011 3DS Conference 2011 Anime Expo Armageddon 2011 Comic Con 2011 ComicDive 6 2011 2010 Events E3 2010 NYC Comic Con 2010 TGS 2010 Gaming Publishers 2K 505 Games ATLUS Activision Aksys Games Atari Bandai Namco Bethesda Blizzard Bulkypix Capcom CD Projekt RED Chillingo Codemasters Com2Us D3 Publisher Deep Silver Disney EA Epic Focus Home Interactive Gameloft Gamevil Hudson Koei Tecmo Konami Level-5 Majesco Microsoft Mindscape Mistwalker Natsume Netherealm studios NIS America Nintendo POPCAP Rockstar Sega SNK Sony Square Enix THQ Nordic Taito Take Two Team 17 Telltale Games Ubisoft Wargaming Warner Bros WayForward Wizards of the Coast XSEED Games Xbox One PlayStation 4 PC Switch Wii U 3DS PS Vita Mobile Anime Publishers ATLUS Aniplex Crunchyroll Discotek Funimation Hanabee MADMAN Magna Pacific Media Blasters NIS America Ponycan Sentai Filmworks Pop Culture Podcasts CC Podcast CC Powerslam Japanese Pop Culture News Pop Culture News Movies Publishers Beyond Entertainment Disney Icon Home Entertainment Paramount Pictures Shout! Factory Sony TV Technology Logitech ROCCAT Razer SteelSeries Reviews PC Reviews PlayStation 4 Reviews Xbox One Reviews Wii U Reviews 3DS Reviews PS Vita Reviews Anime, Movie, & TV Episode Reviews Technology Reviews Manga Reviews Android Reviews Collector Edition Reviews Comic & Noves Reviews DS Reviews Gamecube Reviews iPad Reviews iPhone Reviews Mac Reviews PlayStation 2 Reviews PlayStation 3 Reviews Pop Culture Product Reviews PSP Reviews Xbox 360 Reviews Wii Reviews Windows Phone 7 Reviews Wrestling Reviews     Homepage Features Press Releases Interviews Events 2016 Events E3 2016 TGS 2016 2015 Events E3 2015 EB Expo 2015 TGS 2015 2014 Events E3 2014 EB Expo 2014 PAX Aus 2014 SMASH 2014 Slash Only 4 2014 Slash Only 5 2014 Supanova 2014 TGS 2014 2013 Events E3 2013 EB Expo 2013 Jiong Jiong 2013 PAX Aus 2013 SMASH 2013 Slash Only 2 2013 Slash Only 3 2013 Star Trek Convention Supanova 2013 TGS 2013 2012 Events 16th Japanese Film Festival Animania 2012 Armageddon 2012 ComicDive 7 2012 E3 2012 EB Expo 2012 Fan Expo Canada 2012 Fate Only 2012 Jiong Jiong 2012 LinJie V 2012 M.Y. Comic 3 2012 Oz Comic Con PAX East SMASH 2012 Supanova 2012 TGS 2012 2011 Events E3 2011 EB Expo 2011 GAME On! Festival 2011 Gamescom 2011 Manifest 2011 PAX 2011 SMASH Supanova 2011 TGS 2011 3DS Conference 2011 Anime Expo Armageddon 2011 Comic Con 2011 ComicDive 6 2011 2010 Events E3 2010 NYC Comic Con 2010 TGS 2010 Gaming Publishers 2K 505 Games ATLUS Activision Aksys Games Atari Bandai Namco Bethesda Blizzard Bulkypix Capcom CD Projekt RED Chillingo Codemasters Com2Us D3 Publisher Deep Silver Disney EA Epic Focus Home Interactive Gameloft Gamevil Hudson Koei Tecmo Konami Level-5 Majesco Microsoft Mindscape Mistwalker Natsume Netherealm studios NIS America Nintendo POPCAP Rockstar Sega SNK Sony Square Enix THQ Nordic Taito Take Two Team 17 Telltale Games Ubisoft Wargaming Warner Bros WayForward Wizards of the Coast XSEED Games Xbox One PlayStation 4 PC Switch Wii U 3DS PS Vita Mobile Anime Publishers ATLUS Aniplex Crunchyroll Discotek Funimation Hanabee MADMAN Magna Pacific Media Blasters NIS America Ponycan Sentai Filmworks Pop Culture Podcasts CC Podcast CC Powerslam Japanese Pop Culture News Pop Culture News Movies Publishers Beyond Entertainment Disney Icon Home Entertainment Paramount Pictures Shout! Factory Sony TV Technology Logitech ROCCAT Razer SteelSeries Reviews PC Reviews PlayStation 4 Reviews Xbox One Reviews Wii U Reviews 3DS Reviews PS Vita Reviews Anime, Movie, & TV Episode Reviews Technology Reviews Manga Reviews Android Reviews Collector Edition Reviews Comic & Noves Reviews DS Reviews Gamecube Reviews iPad Reviews iPhone Reviews Mac Reviews PlayStation 2 Reviews PlayStation 3 Reviews Pop Culture Product Reviews PSP Reviews Xbox 360 Reviews Wii Reviews Windows Phone 7 Reviews Wrestling Reviews STAR WARS™: FORCE ARENA BRINGS THE BATTLE FOR THE GALAXY TO MOBILE DEVICES TODAY Press Releases Philip Federico January 13, 2017 No Comments STAR WARS™: FORCE ARENA BRINGS THE BATTLE FOR THE GALAXY TO MOBILE DEVICES TODAY Netmarble and Lucasfilm Ltd. collaborate to create the ultimate Star Wars arena game, featuring real-time player-vs-player battles, available now on the App Store and Google Play SEOUL, Korea – Jan. 12, 2017 – Netmarble Games Corp., the fastest-growing mobile game company in Asia, in collaboration with Lucasfilm Ltd., today launched Star Wars™: Force Arena in 154 countries around the globe. Now available on the App Store for iPhone and iPad and on Google Play for Android devices, Star Wars: Force Arena allows players to build a powerful team of iconic Star Wars™ characters to lead into real-time battles against other players, fighting with or against friends around the world. Star Wars: Force Arena boasts more than 80 playable in-game cards, 60 of which are beloved Star Wars characters that match with their own unique units to create powerful duo combinations. This roster also includes new faces from the recent movie release, Rogue One™: A Star Wars™ Story. “We are thrilled to introduce Star Wars: Force Arena to Star Wars fans and mobile gamers alike, whether they defend the Empire or take up the Rebel cause,” said Seungwon Lee, Chief Marketing Officer of Netmarble Games. “Players can collect their favorite Star Wars characters including Darth Vader, Han Solo and Jyn Erso to create their ideal battle squad and face off in real time within the Star Wars universe.” A global Leaderboard system separates players into seven tiers based on ranking points gained through battles. High scores reward users with powerful card packs on a bi-weekly basis: the higher the rank, the more legendary the cards! A Guild system, which allows up to 50 players to form powerful teams and chat with friends in-game, becomes available at level 3. Users can engage in Quick or Practice Matches with fellow Guild members to share rewards from their victories. To celebrate the global launch of the game, Netmarble will host a global check-in event from launch on Jan. 12 until Jan. 20, 2017. Players checking-in daily during the event will receive crystals (in-game currency), leader cards, and gold card packs to strengthen their decks. Premium booster packs, which shorten the time limit on opening reward card packs, will also be given out during this exciting launch event. Returning users can expect regular live updates with new content, characters and units. Key Features: BATTLE and join forces with other players from around the globe in real-time 1v1 or 2v2 synchronous arena matches. LEAD a team of over 80 iconic Star Wars characters and units upon global launch including Darth Vader, Han Solo and favorites from Rogue One: A Star Wars Story such as Jyn Erso. COLLECT and upgrade both leader and support cards to create the ideal Rebel or Imperial squad while leveraging powerful character duos that boost effectiveness in battle. COMPETE to earn rewards, special characters and bonus items by participating in events.   Star Wars™: Force Arena is now available on the iTunes App Store and Google Play! Players in China can expect a launch date coming soon. For more information on the game, visit the official website at www.StarWarsForceArena.com. Download Star Wars: Force Arena for your iOS device here: http://apple.co/2ilzL4U Check out Star Wars: Force Arena on Android here: http://bit.ly/2f13v8H # # # About Netmarble Games Corporation Netmarble Games Corp. strives to entertain audiences of all ages, and around the world, by providing great mobile gaming experiences. Established in Korea in 2000, Netmarble is the fastest-growing mobile game company in Asia and consistently ranks as a top mobile developer and publisher worldwide. With more than 3,000 employees, Netmarble has been producing and servicing some of the most successful mobile games, including MARVEL Future Fight, Seven Knights, EvilBane (RAVEN in Korea and Japan), and Everybody’s Marble. The largest shareholder to Jam City, a leading casual game developer, Netmarble has a strategic partnership with CJ E&M Corporation, Asia’s largest entertainment company, Tencent Holdings, Asia’s largest internet company, and NCsoft, a prominent MMO company. More information can be found at www.netmarble.com. About Lucasfilm Ltd. Lucasfilm Ltd., a wholly owned subsidiary of The Walt Disney Company, is a global leader in film, television and digital entertainment production. In addition to its motion-picture and television production, the company’s activities include visual effects and audio post-production, cutting-edge digital animation, interactive entertainment software, and the management of the global merchandising activities for its entertainment properties including the legendary STAR WARS and INDIANA JONES franchises. Lucasfilm Ltd. is headquartered in northern California. Discover more online at www.lucasfilm.com.   Philip Federico Play Hard Or Don't Play At All Buy from Play-Asia Archives Archives Select Month January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 © Copyright Capsule Computer Pty Ltd About Us Advertise on CC Careers CC Review Guideline Copyright Policy Staff Contact Us RSS Feed Sign In Login via your site account Remember Me Or login via a social network account OR Connect with: Register Lost Password Lost Password Please enter your username or email address. You will receive a link to create a new password via email. Register Sign In Sign In Connect with: Register Lost Password Sign Up Sign In
Home Entertainment BellaNaija Ladun Liadi Linda Ikeji Nigerian Newspapers Daily Times Guardian Newspaper National Mirror Punch Newspaper The Nation Newspaper Nigerian Pilot Newspaper Vanguard Newspaper Nigeria News PM News Premium Times TV Stations Channels TV Lagos Television TVC News TV Continental Videos Music Videos Notjustok Tooxclusive News Videos YOHAIG Think YOruba HAusa IGbo 5 things you need to know about artificial intelligence Posted January 12, 2017 5:51 pm by admin Comments The next big thing in the technology world is artificial intelligence (AI). Big tech organisations like Apple and Google are aggressively investing in AI. Google has been partnering Oxford University to expand Artificial Intelligence. Some examples of everyday AI include iPhone Siri and Microsoft Windows 10 Cortana. Before going further, it will not be out of place to define AI. Wikipedia simply describes AI as ‘intelligence exhibited by machine”. It further explained that the term AI is applied when a machine mimics cognitive functions that humans associate with other human minds such as learning and problem solving. Now AI is trending. Therefore, Jumia Travel shares five things you should know about AI as it would soon become an important part of our daily life just like social media. AI was coined in 1956 The first ever mention of AI was in 1956. John McCarthy was famously quoted at a conference at Dartmouth College, in Hanover, New Hampshire as saying: ‘As soon as it works, no one calls it Artificial Intelligence.” Since its mention, AI has pretty much been evolving to become a popular phenomenon today. Robots will do your job Perhaps the time is here when human presence will not be required to provide services. It will be the job of Robots to provide the service. A good example of this is the Henn-na hotel in Japan which is the first ever robot-staffed hotel in the world whereby the reception desk is staffed by Robotic Dinosaur. So, be prepared. Autonomous vehicles will be the poster tech of AI The overall functions of autonomous vehicles are premised on Artificial Intelligence. If Google and car companies eventually perfect their driverless car’s technology, it will be a huge boost thus making AI commercially viable. This may even encourage more companies to embrace AI. In fact, driverless cars are already being tested in the United States. There will no more error in saving lives This is important in the area of medicine. There are reported cases in which fatal mistakes by doctors have led to the death of patients. For example, in Vietnam recently, a man had a pair of surgical scissors removed from his stomach left during an operation 18 years ago. With machine performing surgery, there will be nothing like error or mistakes in saving lives. So the fear of world famous astrophysicist, Prof Stephen Hawking that the development of AI means the end of humanity is unfounded. Computer will be as smart as humans If you think computers are smart now, you have to reconsider your stance. It is projected that by 2040, computers will be as smart as humans. Thanks largely to Artificial Intelligence.   The post 5 things you need to know about artificial intelligence appeared first on Vanguard News. What do you think? Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Related posts: UPS unveils Chatbot, fast-tracks path toward use of artificial intelligence UPS has unveiled a beta version of a chatbot, an artificial-intelligence-enabled platform that mimics human conversation to help users easily... Artificial intelligence to takeover smartphone screens –Report The latest edition of Ericsson ConsumerLab annual trend report has shown that most consumers expect artificial intelligence (AI) interfaces to... Chinese scientists develop artificial liver An artist impression of the liver. Credit: Sciencedaily.com Chinese scientists have developed a new bio-artificial liver that can help liver... SQL Server 2016: The database for mission critical intelligence The world around us, every business and nearly every industry, is being transformed by technology. This disruption is driven, in... Beware of ‘killer robots’, tech leaders warns A group of leading tech leaders, including British scientist Stephen Hawking and Apple co-founder Steve Wozniak, on Tuesday issued a... Photos Of Actors Holding Artificial Heads Of Segun Arinze & Moses Armstrong On Set The artificial heads are that of Segun Arinze and Moses Armstrong, and the movie is titled THE BROKEN SCEPTRE.See more... Provide intelligence on how to stop Boko Haram Killings, Buhari to DSS President Muhammadu Buhari has given ordered to the Department of State Services to strengthen it’s intelligence gathering capability in order... Imo State Government Intervenes To End Artificial Fuel Scarcity The artificial fuel scarcity experienced on Friday in all parts of Imo state seems to have been resolved following the... Cyber intelligence can end terrorism —Deloitte By Prince Okafor Chief Strategy Officer and Cyber Risk Services Leader of Deloitte West Africa, Mr. Tope Aladenusi, has said... US and intelligence aid to fight against Boko Haram The imminent deployment of 300 US soldiers in Cameroon is intended to provide nations around Lake Chad with what they... < YOHAIG home CategoriesSelect CategoryEntertainment   BellaNaija   Ladun Liadi   Linda Ikeji   Stella Dimoko KorkusLatest News   PoliticsMobile Phones   Tecno PhonesNigeria Forum   NairalandNigeria News   PM News   Premium Times   Sahara ReportersNigerian Newspapers   Daily Independent   Daily Post   Daily Times   Guardian Newspaper   National Mirror   Nigerian Pilot Newspaper   Punch Newspaper   Sun Newspaper   The Nation Newspaper   Vanguard NewspaperSports Betting   1960bet   Bet9jaTV Stations   Channels TV   Lagos Television   Ogun State Television   TV Continental   TVC NewsVideos   Music Videos      Notjustok      Tooxclusive   News Videos Search for: Sports Betting Merrybet.com Bet9ja.com 1960bet.com Contact Us | Copyright | Disclaimer | Privacy | T&C Office Address: YOHAIG - 7 Morenike Carrena Close, Off Old Otta Road, Orile Agege, Lagos State, Nigeria. Telephone:+2348085257512
M³ BIoT CLL Events Whitepapers The Next Platform Data Center Software Security Transformation DevOps Business Personal Tech Science Emergent Tech Bootnotes Alerts Newsletters Columnists Video Apple vs. Samsung goes back to court, again, to re-assess the value of a rounded corner Home Einsteins help turn up 13 new pulsars Flight 666 went to HEL on Friday the 13th Putting the 'Port' in Portal: Old-school fan brings game to Apple II Servers HPC Cloud Storage Networks Virtualization BOFH Do containers stack up as data storage building blocks? Quantum: Well, would you look at that. We've made some money! A deduping backup target startup going public – who'd a thought it? Brexit contributes to backup appliance sales fall Aaarrgh, zombie! Dead Apple iOS monopoly lawsuit is reanimated Hadoop hurler Hortonworks votes Tibco veteran for president Opera scolds stale browsers with shocking Neon experiment D-Wave goes public with open-source quantum-classical hybrid software Promising compsci student sold key-logger, infects 16,000 machines, pleads guilty, faces jail US Marines seek more than a few good men (3,000 men and women, actually) for cyber-war Playpen child sex abuse archive admin gets 20 years in the Big House UK's largest hospital trust battles Friday 13th malware outbreak Tech committee slams UK.gov for dithering over digital strategy Outage-hit Lloyds Bank in talks to outsource data centres to IBM IT spending to soar a whopping 2.7 per cent, says ball-rubber Gartner IT ops doesn't matter. Really? Continuous Lifecycle London: First speakers announced Trello, hello, hello: Todo list biz gobbled by Atlassian for $425m Splunk: Why we dumped Perforce for Atlassian's Bitbucket of Gits CloudByte chews on Elastistor, sinks teeth into OpenEBS Policy The Channel Apple vs. Samsung goes back to court, again, to re-assess the value of a rounded corner Canada fines Amazon seven hours of profit for false advertising FCC's Wheeler gives passionate defense of net neutrality rules Strike day struck off as Fujitsu and Unite negotiate job cuts Putting the 'Port' in Portal: Old-school fan brings game to Apple II Nintendo pulls the Switch, fires Joy-con at Microsoft and Sony Smart fingerprint padlock startup to $320k backers: Sorry for the radio silence Embrace the world of pr0nified IT with wide open, er, arms SPB Geek's Guide Home Einsteins help turn up 13 new pulsars Boffins turn timid mice into psycho killers – by firing lasers into brains You know what, maybe Tabby's star ate a planet, ponder space eggheads MIT brainiacs wrangle 2D graphene into super-strong 3D art homework Artificial Intelligence Internet of Things AI shoves all in: DeepStack, Libratus poker bots battle Texas Hold 'em pros heads up Microsoft swallows up AI language biz Maluuba Uber, Apple, Amazon and Sully Sullenberger walk into a bar – er, self-driving car committee Drone biz Lily Robotics takes $34m in pre-orders, ships nothing, shuts down, gets sued by San Francisco DA Verity Stob Flight 666 went to HEL on Friday the 13th Mr Angry pays taxman with five wheelbarrows worth of loose change Now that's a Blue Screen of Death: Windows 10 told me to jump off a cliff Clone wars: Wrestler sues Microsoft over Gears of War character More like this Mobile Security Pixel Android Security Security hardened, pah! Expert doubts Kaymera's mighty Google's Pixel Kaymera: building on shoulders of a giant, claim 12 Jan 2017 at 17:30, John Leyden The arrival of a security hardened version of Google’s supposed "iPhone killer" Pixel phone from Kaymera has received a sceptical reception from one expert. Kaymera Secured Pixel is outfitted with Kaymera’s own hardened version of the Android operating system and its security architecture. This architecture is made up of four layers: encryption, protection from malicious downloads, a prevention layer that monitors for unauthorised attempts to access OS functions (such as microphone, camera or GPS), and a detection and enforcement layer that monitors, detects and blocks malicious code or misbehaving apps. Independent mobile security experts have questioned whether the technology offers much by way of benefits over that offered by native Pixel smartphones. But professor David Rogers, chief executive of Copper Horse and a Lecturer in mobile systems security at the University of Oxford, questioned what exactly is new. “Many of the proposed functions are already in-built into Pixel (examples below), so what are the extra benefits Kaymera offers?” For example, Pixel has full device encryption and file-based encryption, backed by TrustZone. Plus, as it's Google’s own phone, Pixel is first in line for patching - an important security defence in itself. “Pixel has many other functions and capabilities built over many years including Position Independent Execution (PIE), Address Space Randomisation Layout (ASLR), SE Linux and so on,” Rogers added. Kaymera responded that its kit offered benefits on this front by enforcing security controls built into Pixel but not actually enforced. Oded Zehavi, Kaymera chief operating offficer, told El Reg: “In places where Google has good enough security, we leverage the existing functionality (in many of the examples given here, the functionality is not actually enforced. In these cases we enforce and prevent disabling of the security functionality by negligent users or malicious hackers).” Third-parties building on Google security do not have a good track record in this space (including Blackphone) in terms of getting their own code secure and tested properly, including updates.  Rogers is unconvinced that Kaymera will do any better with hardening Pixel than others have done with hardening Android. Zehavi responded that Kaymera devices have been tested to the most rigorous standards by governments around the world. “As a philosophy we always have more than one security layer against any attack vector hence we don’t trust any single security measure including Google security measures. For example, our prevention layer feeds with fake resources any payload that may overcome the OS hardening and get loaded onto the device,” Zehavi said. Rogers remains unconvinced about the security proposition of the Kaymera Secured Pixel, especially in the absence of NCSC certification or US security certification. It’s more like “some kind of Chimera rather than a Kaymera,” he cuttingly concluded. “If Kaymera really want to protect against comms interception, low-level malware attacks and so on, they would have to build some kind of firewall and introspection capability,” Rogers said. “To do that they would need access inside the Radio Interface Layer and also to processes and app data.” “Google’s security architecture does not allow this unless you ‘roll your own’ in a big way, creating your own device and modifying the AOSP [Android Open Source Project] code to deliver a bespoke device,” he added. Creating a bespoke device risks undoing Google’s security controls, Rogers warned. “Application sandboxing and isolation [are] there for a reason, including enforcing the Principle of Least Privilege,” he said. The Israeli manufacturer said it had been careful to add extra security without breaking Google’s existing controls. Zehavi explained: “Even though we embed our code deep into the AOSP code in layers that are beyond what regular applications can reach, we do not break any existing Google security measures including the sandboxing etc. Instead, we add extra measures across the board that, as mentioned, leverage the existing mechanism but bring the device to a total different level of security which cannot be achieved via the application layer alone.” Rogers responded: “They admit to using AOSP which I guess means they self-sign the build of the device themselves. That then comes down to a question of trust in who is digitally signing the product (that gives that signer access to absolutely everything, the radio path, the private data, the lot).“ The Kaymera Secured Pixel is aimed at business and government customers prepared to pay for extra to avoid the security weaknesses associated with the ‘off the shelf’ Android operating system. The device retains the original Google device’s purpose-built hardware, features and ergonomics. Users can, for example, still use the fingerprint scanner. Kaymera devices are centrally managed via the company’s management dashboard, enabling easy enforcement of security policies on the smartphone. Kaymera’s secured Pixel phone is available immediately. Kaymera was started in late 2013 by the founders of NSO, the surveillance tech provider whose legitimate iPhone spyware malware was used to target the phone of UAE human rights activist Ahmed Mansoor in August 2016.  The spyware caused Apple to rush out emergency software patches, to plug vulnerabiliies in its iOS mobile operating system. The Israeli firm is open about its roots. If NSO is a ‘poacher’, selling surveillance tools to governments, then Kaymera is the gamekeeper, its pitch runs. “I’m not sure I can buy in to the poacher turned gamekeeper thing here and I would rather trust Google in this case,” Rogers concluded. ® Sponsored: DevOps and continuous delivery Tips and corrections 8 Comments More from The Register Curb your enthusiasm, 'India's smartphones are changing the world' fans First 30-million smartmobe quarter ever just happened, but feature phones still sell more 2 Comments 'DNC hackers' used mobile malware to track Ukrainian artillery – researchers Frontline battlefield operatives are Fandoids? 26 Comments Happy days for second-hand smartphone sales Hold it, hold it, hold it – now sell it! 39 Comments Bad news, fandroids: Mobile banking malware now encrypts files First Faketoken stole credentials, now it holds data to ransom 15 Comments Android-rooting Gooligan malware infects 1 million devices At an estimated rate of 13,000 smartphones a day 22 Comments New Android-infecting malware brew hijacks devices. Why, you ask? Your router 1,280 Wi-Fi networks have fallen victim to the Switcher 20 Comments Whitepapers Hunting insider threats Insider threats are a real risk to business because they threaten both customer and employee trust. 5 Steps to Good Governance Why it should be done efficiently and seamlessly, so that employees can focus on more exciting goals—innovative, business-growing goals 4 ways to build better apps with secure content services Four powerful digital content services that can help your company transform the way people interact with your content from within your web and mobile apps. Mapping the Demands of Real-World Apps - One IO at a Time Averaging doesn't provide an accurate picture of true application performance based on data gathered using InfoSight and analyzed. Most read Trump's cyber-guru Giuliani runs ancient 'easily hackable website' New Windows 10 privacy controls: Just a little snooping – or the max Now that's a Blue Screen of Death: Windows 10 told me to jump off a cliff US Navy runs into snags with aircraft carrier's electric plane-slingshot Dell EMC lifts the post-acquisition axe, swings Spotlight Security hardened, pah! Expert doubts Kaymera's mighty Google's Pixel How to secure MongoDB – because it isn't by default and thousands of DBs are being hacked Because I'm bad, I'm bad, Shamoon: PC wiper tried to shut down Saudi snapshot defences Top cop: Strap Wi-Fi jammers to teen web crims as punishment A year in infosec: Bears, botnets, breaches ... and elections Security! experts! slam! Yahoo! management! for! using! old! crypto! Stealing, scamming, bluffing: El Reg rides along with pen-testing 'red team hackers' In the three years since IETF said pervasive monitoring is an attack, what's changed? Sponsored links New from Avere - Cloud-Enabled Data Center for Dummies. Download now Sign up to The Register to receive newsletters and alerts Follow us More content Subscribe to newsletter Top 20 stories Week’s headlines Archive Webcasts About us Privacy Company info Advertise with us Syndication Send us news tips The Register Biting the hand that feeds IT © 1998–2017 Independent news, views, opinions and reviews on the latest in the IT industry. Offices in London, San Francisco and Sydney.
Montag, 16. Januar | 01:41 Uhr Home | Newsletter | Twitter | Kontakt     AKTIEN DAX MDAX SDAX TecDAX GEX Entry Standard Nasdaq NEWS TopStories Wirtschaftsnachrichten Agenturmeldungen Deutsche Aktien Emerging Markets Unternehmensnews Experten ROHSTOFFE Top-Stories Rohstoffe Rohstoff-News Rohstoff-News International Rohstoffübersicht Rohstoffdatenbank Basiswissen ENERGIE Energie-News UNTERNEHMEN Unternehmenscenter Management Interview Research Research International Termine KOLUMNEN Autoren SERVICE Börsenlexikon Social Media Twitter Währungsrechner   Newsticker: ROHSTOFF INTERNATIONAL 18:15 | 12.01.2017 EDF Renewable Energy Announces Commercial Operation at Great Western Wind Project EDF Renewable Energy (EDF RE) announced today that the 225 megawatt (MW) Great Western Wind Project (Project) began commercial operation on December 21, 2016. The project’s output is provided to Google under a long-term Power Purchase Agreement (PPA). Located in Woodward and Ellis counties near the base of the Oklahoma panhandle, the Project is comprised of 30 V117 (unit capacity of 3.3 MW) and 63 V100 (unit capacity of 2.0 MW) wind turbines supplied by Vestas. The facility generates enough electricity to power 70,000 average Oklahoma homes, according to US Energy Information Administration. “The success of the wind industry in 2016 can be attributed in part to corporate purchasers, like Google, who demonstrate their commitment to affordable renewable energy,” commented Tristan Grimbert. “Their participation to directly procure wind power, along with the Production Tax Credit, benefits Americans through manufacturing job creation, energy independence and support to American farmers.” The agreement with Google to purchase the power from Great Western was first announced in Paris, France in December 2015 as part of Google’s presence at the 21st Conference of the Parties to the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change (COP21). “Google has already committed to purchase more renewable energy than any other company and now, through a series of new wind and solar projects around the world, we are on track to reach 100% clean energy for our global operations this year,” said Gary Demasi, Google’s Director of Operations for Data Center Energy and Location Strategy. EDF RE and Google forged a relationship in December 2012, when Google made an approximately $200 million equity investment in EDF RE’s Spinning Spur Wind Project, located in Oldham County, Texas. With the addition of Great Western, Google’s renewable energy long-term contracts reach 2.6 gigawatts, making them not only one of the first corporations to procure renewables, but also the largest corporate buyer of renewable power in the world to date. EDF’s North America portfolio of corporate purchasers also includes Procter & Gamble, Salesforce, Microsoft, Yahoo!, Groupo Modelo, and Walmart. EDF Renewable Services, the leading provider of renewable operations and maintenance services in North America, will provide balance-of-plant operations and maintenance for the facility including 24/7 remote monitoring from its NERC compliant Operations Control Center (OCC). The OCC provides an efficient, reliable, and secure operating platform, while benefiting from the centralization of SCADA (Supervisory Control and Data Acquisition) functions and consolidation of multiple vendor SCADA environments to provide a common operating view. EDF Renewable Services has 10 GW under contract in North America. EDF Renewable Energy is one of the largest renewable energy developers in North America with 8 gigawatts of wind, solar, storage, biomass, and biogas projects developed throughout the U.S., Canada, and Mexico. About EDF Renewable Energy: EDF Renewable Energy is a leading US independent power producer with 30 years of expertise in the renewable industry, covering all range of services from project origination, development, sales and marketing, to long-term asset management. EDF Renewable Energy specializes in wind and solar photovoltaic with presence in other segments of the renewable energy market: storage, biogas, biomass, hydro, and marine energy. EDF Renewable Energy’s North American portfolio consists of 8 gigawatts of developed projects with 4.1 gigawatts of installed capacity throughout the US, Canada, and Mexico. The operations and maintenance subsidiary, EDF Renewable Services, operates 10 GW throughout North America. EDF Renewable Energy is a subsidiary of EDF Energies Nouvelles. EDF Energies Nouvelles is the renewable energy arm of the EDF group, the leading electricity company in the world. For more information visit: www.edf-re.com View source version on businesswire.com: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20170112005796/en/ Bookmarken   NEWSLETTER Abonnieren Sie jetzt unseren aktuellen Newsletter WIRTSCHAFTSNACHRICHTEN 20:35 Uhr | 15.01.2017 dpa-AFX-Überblick: UNTERNEHMEN - ... 19:42 Uhr | 15.01.2017 Klimaabkommen: Französischer ... 18:52 Uhr | 15.01.2017 Allianz-Chef: Wir können keinen ... 18:46 Uhr | 15.01.2017 Guter Start der Messe CMT - mehr ... 18:23 Uhr | 15.01.2017 Söder: Bürger mit ... Kursverzögerung mind. +15 min   Partner Nutzung Quellen & Copyright ARIVA.DE AG Goldinvest.de AGB Werbung Kurse: ARIVA.DE AG Deutsche Börse AG iwr.de Impressum © 1998-2017 EQS Financial Markets & Media GmbH eResearch MIDAS Research Datenschutz Die EQS Financial Markets & Media GmbH übernimmt keine Haftung für die Richtigkeit der Angaben! finanznachrichten.de Performaxx Disclaimer
WSJ WSJ LIVE WSJ Live on Facebook WSJ Live on Twitter MARKETWATCH MarketWatch on Facebook MarketWatch on Twitter BARRON'S <h4>Barrons on Facebook</h4><div style="border: none; padding: 2px 3px;" class="fb-like" data-href="http://www.facebook.com/barronsonline" data-send="false" data-layout="button_count" data-width="250" data-show-faces="false" data-action="recommend"></div> <h4>Barrons on Twitter</h4><a href="https://twitter.com/barronsonline" class="twitter-follow-button" data-show-count="true">Follow @barronsonline</a> DJX Product X on Facebook Product X on Twitter RT F R&C PE&VC WSJ B MORE Mansion Global WSJ Secure BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Realtor.com Student Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classrooms WSJ Wine Search Asia Edition U.S. Edition   Subscribe Log In Home Magazine This Week's Edition Past Editions New: Cartoons Daily All Coverage Barron's Take Weekday Trader Up & Down Wall St. Daily Getting Technical Striking Price Daily Wall Street's Best Minds Read This, Spike That Stocks to Watch Today Asia Stocks to Watch Income Investing Tech Trader Daily Focus on Funds Emerging Markets Q&A Video Center Investing Ideas Overview Barron's Picks & Pans Mutual Funds / ETFs Hedge Funds Stocks Center Commodities Center Bonds Center Options Center Barron's Take Weekday Trader Stock Alert Inside Scoop Ahead of the Crowd Focus on Funds Stocks to Watch Today Barron's Roundtable Advisor Center Overview Top 100 Advisors Top 100 Women Advisors Top 100 Independent Advisors Top 1,200 Advisors Advisor Profiles Market Data Market Data Center Market Lab Economic Calendar Watchlist Stock Grader Stock & Fund Tables Barron's 400 PENTA Penta Magazine Penta Daily Penta Archives Barron's NEXT Investors' Soapbox AM Internet Stock Picks With 30% Upside Alphabet, Facebook and Amazon are three large-cap favorites for 2017 with catalysts. Jan. 12, 2017 10:56 a.m. ET Credit Suisse As we have noted in prior years’ outlooks, we believe stock performance throughout 2017 will continue hinged more on individual company and product-specific catalysts, as opposed to a broader sector-wide theme given the disparate nature of some of these businesses. Our intent is to update our relative rankings among the... Get The Full Story Subscribe   or   Log In Want to participate in the discussion? Already a subscriber? Log in for complete access. Powered by Livefyre Most Popular 1. Stocks Could Post Single-Digit Gains in 2017 Subscriber Content Read Preview 2. Our 2016 Stock Picks Beat the Market Subscriber Content Read Preview 3. Dividend-Hike Heroes Subscriber Content Read Preview 4. At Last, Hope Triumphs Subscriber Content Read Preview See Full List Latest Market Videos 1 Felix Zulauf: Geopolitical Tension Impacts Markets 2 Bill Priest: Stocks With Solid Earnings Potential 3 How to Get Free Travel With New Credit Cards Barron's Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn YouTube RSS Feed AppStore Google Play Return to Top« Customer Service Customer Center Contact Us Live Help Refer Your Friends to Barron's and Get Rewarded. Learn More Create an Account Subscribe to Barron's Magazine Subscribers: Activate Your Digital Access About Barrons.com Advertising Masthead Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Data Policy Copyright Policy Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Your Ad Choices Community Guidelines Also From Barron's Conferences Reprints Classifieds College Program Find a Broker Barron's in Japanese Tools & Services Mobile Site Email Newsletters Barron's on iPad/iPhone Barron's on Android Watchlist Video Annual Reports StockGrader Barron's 400 Economic Calendar Stock & Mutual Fund Listings Commodities, Options & Annuities Listings Fund Prospectuses ACAP Enabled Copyright ©2017 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy have changed. By continuing to use this site, you are agreeing to the new Privacy Policy and Terms of Service. To CNNMoney business culture gadgets future startups To CNNMoney Innovate Google halts drone project to beam internet to rural areas by Matt McFarland   @mattmcfarland January 12, 2017: 11:35 AM ET Amazon's Prime Air makes first drone delivery Google has shuttered its plan to use massive solar-powered drones to deliver internet to rural and remote parts of the world. Alphabet, as Google (GOOG) is formally known, disbanded the project -- called Titan -- a year ago. But news of the decision first surfaced Wednesday. Project Titan is now integrated with a group of robotics projects at Google's research and development factory, X. But this doesn't mean Google has given up on novel ways of beaming internet to areas without access. It's still investing in Project Loon, which sends balloons to the edge of space to beam internet to the land below. X said in a statement Project Loon was seen as a more promising way to connect parts of the world with internet. The division has not ruled out revisiting high-altitude unmanned aerial vehicles in the future, but concluded Loon was more economically and technically feasible. Google isn't the only company to face similar challenges. The federal government is currently investigating a 2016 crash of Facebook's solar drone, Aquila. Many previous Titan employees continue to work in Google's "moonshot" factory on other aviation projects intended to change the way we live. This includes both Loon and Project Wing, which builds small drones that will eventually make deliveries. Related: Google brings its moonshots back to earth The demise of Titan came as Google underwent its Alphabet reorganization in 2015 and marked a new focus on managing costs. Google has long been a golden child of the digital age, offering a search engine and other online services that have generally enjoyed instant success. But the company's forays into hardware have proven to be a tougher go, including failures such as Google Glass. X's leaders have stress this is the nature of innovation. Without trial and error, the factory won't be able to successfully launch mind-blowing "moonshot" technologies. Most recently, X spun out its self-driving car program as a standalone Alphabet company in December. Despite some hiccups, like high-profile executive departures, it's seen as a global leader in autonomous vehicles software. CNNMoney (Washington) First published January 12, 2017: 11:35 AM ET Social Surge - What's Trending Lexus unveils 885 horsepower yacht BuzzFeed editor: We're 'proud' to publish Trump memos It costs $233,610 to raise a child Mortgage & Savings Powered by LendingTree Terms & Conditions apply NMLS #1136 CNNMoney Sponsors Partner Offers Paid Partner NextAdvisor Paid Partner Transferring your balance to an 18-month 0% APR is ingenious 7 outrageous credit cards if you have excellent credit The best credit cards for 2017 Jaw-dropping cards charging 0% interest until 2018 The highest paying cash back card has arrived Most stock quote data provided by BATS. Market indices are shown in real time, except for the DJIA, which is delayed by two minutes. All times are ET. Disclaimer. Morningstar: © 2016 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Factset: FactSet Research Systems Inc. 2016. All rights reserved. Chicago Mercantile Association: Certain market data is the property of Chicago Mercantile Exchange Inc. and its licensors. All rights reserved. Dow Jones: The Dow Jones branded indices are proprietary to and are calculated, distributed and marketed by DJI Opco, a subsidiary of S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC and have been licensed for use to S&P Opco, LLC and CNN. Standard & Poor's and S&P are registered trademarks of Standard & Poor's Financial Services LLC and Dow Jones is a registered trademark of Dow Jones Trademark Holdings LLC. All content of the Dow Jones branded indices © S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC 2016 and/or its affiliates. © 2016 Cable News Network. A Time Warner Company. All Rights Reserved. Terms under which this service is provided to you. Privacy Policy. AdChoices.
News Corp is a network of leading companies in the worlds of diversified media, news, education, and information services. Follow The Sun Your Sun Sign in Editions Scottish Sun Irish Sun The Sun The Scottish Sun The Irish Sun Dream Team Sun Bets Fabulous Sun Favourite Sun Motors Sun Bingo Sun Gifts News Corp WSJ.com New York Post The Australian News.com.au Storyful Harper Collins Realtor.com Services Sign Up To The Sun Terms and Conditions Editorial Complaints Clarifications and Corrections Syndication Advertising Contact Us Commissioning Terms Help Hub The Sun, A News UK Company TOP London Set your weather Now 0°C 9pm 0°C Sign in UK Edition Scottish Sun Irish Sun Search Home Football Sport TV & Showbiz Living News Videos Sun Bingo Sun Bets All News All News UK News World News Politics Tech and science Opinion COMMONS CONFUSION John Bercow left speechless as MPs joke about ‘Kiss a Ginger Day’ in Parliament The Speaker was left puzzled after Chris Bryant mentioned it – and he had to ask an MP to Google it for him By ALAIN TOLHURST 12th January 2017, 4:54 pm HAVING gone down a storm on social media ‘Kiss A Ginger Day’ has now even been discussed in Parliament – leaving John Bercow speechless. The House of Commons Speaker was left puzzled after Chris Bryant mentioned it, resorting to asking an MP to Google it for him. PA 3 Chris Byrant had MPs in stitches when he brought up “Kiss a Ginger Day” in the Commons The strawberry-blond Labour former minister sparked laughter among his fellow politicians today, wishing Mr Bercow “a happy Kiss A Ginger Day” during business questions. Yet while most MPs chuckled, Mr Bercow, whose wife Sally is blonde, was left looking puzzled, prompting Mr Bryant to add: “I’m sure you can look it up.” Tory whip Steve Brine was on the frontbench to offer a hand and Googled Kiss A Ginger Day before handing his iPad up to the Speaker to take a look. PA 3 The Speaker was so puzzled he had to ask an MP to Google it for him Mr Bercow remarked: “This Kiss A Ginger activity is probably perfectly lawful, but I’ve got no plans to partake in it myself.” He added: “As you can probably tell I had not the slightest idea about what the honourable gentleman was prating (about) so the matter had to be Googled for me.” RELATED STORIES: FALLING FOR FREEBIES Commons Speaker John Bercow accepted £1,750 of free sports tickets in ONE WEEK HARD-COR FAN? Arsenal supporter Jeremy Corbyn looks forward to North London derby - but doesn't even know when it's on commons 'cover-up' fury MP told Speaker about Keith Vaz sex claims a year ago but Bercow 'wanted to protect his pal' RHONDDA Y-FRONTS Welsh Labour MP Chris Bryant reveals he was abused AND propositioned in gay website email SEEING RED Ed Sheeran pictured with ginger-haired doppelganger on the set of his new music video in Suffolk DON'T get rid rid of US! Theresa May urged by House of Lords not to abolish it so she can get Brexit plans through The Speaker declared it “rum business” and  insisted he would not be taking part in the celebration of redheads, drawing cries that he should resign from ginger MPs. Labour’s Louise Haigh, who has red hair, jokingly took exception to being one of the last MPs to be chosen to speak during business questions. PA 3 The Speaker declared it “rum business” and insisted he would not be taking part She told Mr Bercow: “I’m very sorry to be picked so late on Kiss A Ginger Day as we only do get one day a year after all. “I’m wondering whether you might be colour blind actually.” The silliness then continued, as after Sir Desmond Swayne made an intervention to praise the Speaker, Mr Bryant claimed the Tory MP was being “anti-ginger” for praising Mr Bercow over his carrot-topped deputy Eleanor Laing. The Sun Topics House of Commons Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) Comments Comments Most Read in News RED-HANDED Stepdad 'catches his 15-year-old stepdaughter's dance teacher 'in bed having sex with her'’ News Exclusive MEGHAN MEETS MIDDLETON Prince Harry introduces Meghan Markle to Kate Middleton at Kensington Palace News PAEDO CAGED Teacher who became pregnant after sex with 13-year-old pupil 'nearly every day' jailed for ten years News Graphic Warning FEET AND SOUR Chinese restaurant accused of serving human FEET to diners as waiter posts horrific image of rotting flesh News 'THEY'RE JUST DIRTY BIG PERVERTS' Mum-of-eight mechanic who complained over cuts to her £31,000 benefits says she is… News supermarket sleep 'Lazy' woman spotted wearing her dressing gown while visiting Morrisons is shamed by onlooker News FEELING LUCKY? National Lottery results live: Winning Lotto numbers for Saturday 14 January 2017 £10.4million jackpot News SOHAM SEX CHANGE Child killer Ian Huntley 'wants SEX CHANGE paid for by the NHS so he can serve life in woman's prison News Exclusive MARKS AND STENCHER Gran's fury as M&S drivers refuse to deliver bed to her house because they say it's 'too SMELLY' News Don our side Donald Trump says he 'loves' the UK and reveals he wants a quick and fair trade deal to help make Brexit 'a… News SUICIDE STREAMED ONLINE Girl, 12, streams her own suicide online for 20 minutes after being 'sexually abused by a relative' News IN A SPIN Watch incredible moment a gambler puts £35,000 on number 32 in roulette... and wins £3.5MILLION on a… News MAULED TO DEATH Vet and his assistant are savaged to death by three bloodthirsty LIONS at wildlife reserve News Exclusive TAKING THE P! Shoppers mock Sainsbury's after customer finds 'bargain' Heinz tomato soup is reduced by just ONE PENNY News FROZEN FOOD ALERT Food watchdog urgently recalls ELEVEN 'unsafe' frozen chicken and fish products News Most Popular Revealed rash choices Ever get those little red bumps on your legs when you shave? The reason why will gross you out Living 'KILL HIM' Emmerdale fans demand rapist Pierce Harris is KILLED OFF after his treatment of Rhona Goskirk darkens TV & Showbiz Revealed 'it BROKE MY HEART' Olly Murs' mum left seriously ill and on the verge of a breakdown after his twin Ben disowned the family TV & Showbiz Exclusive Posh spite Victoria Beckham scuppers £10million Spice Girls reunion after calling in lawyers to block group from… TV & Showbiz Video NOW THAT'S AN ENTRANCE! Chloe Ferry puts on an x-rated display as she goes topless, gyrates on a plastic dog and flashes her… TV & Showbiz SHE MUST'VE BEEN BRICKING IT Single mum can’t afford a house... so she builds one HERSELF using YouTube tutorials Living THAT'S KARMA! Homeless man's life transformed after he offers couple who missed their last train his duvet News 'HE EXISTS!' Corrie viewers left raging as Michelle Connor is denied a birth and death certificate for her miscarried baby TV & Showbiz WTF MARCH OF THE MOON MAN These two pictures were snapped in quick succession... so what is the spooky figure that's suddenly… Living Pictured BYE BYE BABY Liam Payne leaves pregnant Cheryl behind as he jets back to LA amid rumours she's about to give birth TV & Showbiz Drink stink Mum horrified to find green MOULD lurking in her toddler son's juice bottle from Greggs Living Revealed CORRIE ON SOAPING Katie Redford lands new soap gig after being axed from Corrie Street role for lying about her age TV & Showbiz RED-HANDED Stepdad 'catches his 15-year-old stepdaughter's dance teacher 'in bed having sex with her'’ News Graphic Warning 'Call me daddy' Sex survey reveals the very kinky things women like men to say during a romp Living Exclusive BAD DAD Dad of wannabe star on Gary Barlow's new talent show Let It Shine is ex-IRA terrorist who was jailed for 25 years TV & Showbiz Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) By continuing to use the site, you agree to the use of cookies. You can change this and find out more by following this link Close Follow The Sun Services Sign Up To The Sun Terms and Conditions Editorial Complaints Clarifications and Corrections Syndication Advertising Contact Us Commissioning Terms Help Hub ©News Group Newspapers Limited in England No. 679215 Registered office: 1 London Bridge Street, London, SE1 9GF. "The Sun", "Sun", "Sun Online" are registered trademarks or trade names of News Group Newspapers Limited. This service is provided on News Group Newspapers' Limited's Standard Terms and Conditions in accordance with our Privacy & Cookie Policy. To inquire about a licence to reproduce material, visit our Syndication site. View our online Press Pack. For other inquiries, Contact Us. To see all content on The Sun, please use the Site Map. The Sun website is regulated by the Independent Press Standards Organisation (IPSO) Our journalists strive for accuracy but on occasion we make mistakes. For further details of our complaints policy and to make a complaint please click here.
International Business Times UK UK LATEST NEWS Crime Property Culture Royalty World Latest News USA Europe Asia Africa Middle East The Americas Business LATEST NEWS Economy Companies Markets Finance Regulation Politics LATEST NEWS Fintech Latest news Blockchain Cryptocurrency Technology LATEST NEWS Smartphones Cybersecurity Innovation Social Media Games Motoring Science LATEST NEWS Space Environment Health Nature Archaeology Sport LATEST NEWS Football Tennis Golf Cricket F1 UFC Entertainment LATEST NEWS Movies Celebrity TV Music WWE Opinion LATEST NEWS Interview Analysis Reviews Video LATEST NEWS Business Technology Science Sport Entertainment Pictures LATEST NEWS Conflict Travel Arts Science Animal & Wildlife Photography Competition Log out Newsletter Signup Search Technology Wearables Google to release Android Wear 2.0 upgrade in February after months of delays The company is also expected to release two Android Wear smartwatches very soon. By Agamoni Ghosh January 12, 2017 11:24 GMT  Android Wear 2.0 update will start rolling out from FebruaryGoogle The long-awaited Android Wear 2.0 update for smartwatches running Google's software will arrive in early February after several delays, the company has revealed in a note to developers. The update, which was supposed to arrive in late 2016, faced a delay as the Mountain View company, owned by Alphabet, worked to fix various issues which arose during production of the developer preview builds. Although the exact date of the rollout is not known, it will be sometime in February. It could well arrive during Mobile World Congress, which takes place in Barcelona from the 27th of the month and is where a range of new smartwatches and wearables are expected to be revealed. Google has warned developers that the Play Store won't show apps that are not optimised for the platform. In order for them to work, the applications will need to be tweaked between now and the February release. Wear 2.0 is also expected to support standalone apps that don't need phones connected over Bluetooth to smartwatches to also be connected to Wi-Fi. Around the same time as the Android Wear 2.0 release, Google is expected to announce two own-branded smartwatches running the new software. It is understood that they will not use the Nexus or Pixel names, favoured by Google for its smartphones, but something new. The company confirmed in December 2016 that despite the absence of the branding, they will be considered flagship devices. These will be the first products to launch with Android Wear 2.0 pre-installed. To find out if your Android Wear-powered smartwatch will get the upcoming update or not click here. More from IBTimes UK Samsung may roll out Android Nougat OTA update for Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge in Europe from 17 January Russia demands Apple and Google remove LinkedIn from iOS and Android app stores Google Assistant expands from Pixel smartphones to Android TV, cars and smartwatches Share More Stay up to date with our daily newsletter YOU MIGHT LIKE THISSponsored Content by Taboola IBT Video Close Nintendo Switch preview: Hands-on with 1-2 Switch’s cow-milking and samurai training Columnists Ed Vaizey MP “The PM is being coy about what Brexit means because she knows that words move markets READ MORE IBT Media to host AI and Data Science in Capital Markets event AI and Data Science in Capital Markets takes place 1-2 March 2017 at... Android 7.0 Nougat tips and tricks for OnePlus 3 Check out the tips and tricks for your handset running the latest... Samsung's foldable smartphone's render shows three screens being folded into one The render indicates that users will no longer have to opt for a... 1-2 Switch preview: Cow-milking and gunslingin' in Nintendo's Joy-Con mini-game fest Our hands-on first impressions of the bizarre mini-game collection. Android creator Andy Rubin plans comeback with high-end smartphone to challenge Google and Apple The phone will be produced under a new company called Essential,... Keeper Security reveals the most common passwords of 2016 and they're embarrassingly terrible The most common password of 2016 hasn't changed from that of 2015. Nokia may join Samsung and LG in foldable smartphone race latest patent filing shows The company had earlier filed for a flexible ribbon-like battery... How businesses can learn from the first wave of AI Businesses that do not have a robust data-centric culture to drive AI... Sony Entertainment CEO Michael Lynton is leaving for Snapchat Lynton was an early investor in Snapchat and has been on the... Fintech Focus weekly Keep up with the latest in blockchain, cryptocurrency and other fintech news. Straight to your inbox every Friday. Sign up now Win an iPhone 7 About IBT Leadership Meet the team Advertise Brand Terms of service Privacy Permission Syndication Contact Editions: Australia China India Italy Japan U.K. U.S. © Copyright 2017 IBTimes Co., Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Facebook Twitter Linkedin Google Plus RSS
Indiana, PA - Indiana County Sunday, January 15, 2017 Home Subscribers New Subscriptions Read ePaper PastFinder Archives Customer Service FAQs News IUP News Indiana County News Police, Emergency, and Courts Family News Indiana County 911 Dispatch Log Regional, National, World Obituaries Opinion Columns Letters & Editorials Student News Dollars & Sense Off Beat Weather Columnists Multimedia Submit News News Photos Business Add My Business Manage My Business Business Directory Attorney Guide Physicians Guide Apartments Auto Guide Classifieds Dining Guide Real Estate Jobs / Employment Tourism Hotels Motels Bed & Breakfast Extended Stays Online Reservations Maps & Directions Entertainment Bar Tour Movies Home & Lifestyle Entertainment News TV Listings Horoscopes Lottery Community Calendar Announcements School Closings Community Pages Community News Apollo-Ridge News Blairsville News Elderton-Dayton Homer-Center Indiana News Indiana County News Ligonier Valley News Marion Center News Northern Cambria News Penns Manor News Punxsutawney News Purchase Line News Saltsburg News United Area News Sports Indiana County Sports Regional Teams IUP Sports National/Pro Collegiate End Zone Extra Shop Order Food Order Delivery Order Take Out Coupons Shop Businesses Online Mall Login Register Indiana, PA :: News :: Indiana County News :: Senior High Students To Teach Tech Works Senior high students to teach tech workshops on January 12, 2017 10:48 AM Follow @IndianaGazette Print Comments() Email Registration is underway for a series of online application workshops being conducted at Indiana Area Senior High School by senior technology students. The workshop series is designed for parents but open to all district residents, and introduces participants to several online productivity programs developed by Google. The series begins today. Most topics are offered in either lunchtime or evening sessions. Google’s programs are collectively promoted as G Suite, and many are the equivalents of popular Microsoft or open-source applications that computer users have installed on their computer or laptop hard drives. Instead, the G Suite programs operate online through Google’s servers where the software and files created with G Suite are stored. That makes them readily available to users on any computer with internet access. The workshop schedule and topics include: • Today, 6 to 7 p.m.: Google Read&Write, a series of writing tools available through the Google Chrome internet browser • Today, 7 to 7:30 p.m.: Google Docs, similar to Microsoft Word, and Google Drive, the online file management system commonly called “the cloud.” • Jan. 31, noon to 1 p.m. or 6 to 7 p.m.: Google Slides, also a Chrome extension, which allows users to make presentations. • Feb. 22, noon to 1 p.m. or 6 to 7 p.m.: Google Sheets, a Chrome extension similar to Microsoft Excel, the spreadsheet program used for keeping lists, creating graphs or managing data. • March 23, noon to 1 p.m. or 6 to 7 p.m.: Google Forms, an app that allows users to create surveys, quizzes or forms and to share them with others. The series is a pioneering effort by career seminar students to demonstrate the technology tools that they learn to use in their classes at IASHS. District residents and parents may register online here, or by telephone at (724) 463-8713, ext. 114. Print Comments() Email Next Article Louisville tops Pitt January 12, 2017 10:44 AM LOUISVILLE, Ky. — Cruising along with what seemed to be a comfortable lead in the second half against Pittsburgh, No. 14 Louisville ended up needing every point it could get to prevent hot-shooting Jamel Artis from leading the Panthers back. That led to some tense moments at the free throw line, where the Cardinals made just enough shots to hold on. Quentin Snider scored 22 points, includi ... Continue Reading → Comments () Disclaimer: Copyright © 2017 Indiana Gazette. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Apartment Guide (125) Auto Guide (1843) Bar Tour Classifieds (44) Community Calendar (1) Delays & Cancellations Dining / Restaurant Guide Jobs / Employment Movies Online Reservations Real Estate Guide IUP Home | News | Business | Community | Entertainment | Tourism | Shop | Advertising Information | Contact | Masthead Indiana Gazette Address: 899 Water Street, Indiana, PA 15701 Email: webmaster@indianagazette.net Phone: (724) 465-5555 © Copyright 2017 Indiana Printing & Publishing Company DBA The Indiana Gazette, Indiana, PA Newspaper CMS by CityPortals Redistribution Prohibited. Site Map Search this Site Privacy Statement Terms of Service Switch to New Look
Toggle search box Toggle navigation Home News Amazon Microsoft Startups Space Science Sports Tech Cloud Tech – presented by Salesforce Geek Life Podcast Apple Google Impact Series Real Estate App of the Week Geek of the Week Startup Spotlight Geek Home of the Week by Realogics Sotheby’s Working Geek – presented by Smartsheet Tech Moves Launch Pads Jobs Events GeekWire Events Community Calendar Resources Memberships Health Benefits Startup Resources Startup List GeekWire 200 Seattle Engineering Centers Startup Spaces GeekWire Store Community Calendar Deals About About GeekWire Email Newsletters Contact Us Advertise Sponsors Reprints & Permissions Search for: LATEST POPULAR T-Mobile CEO scolds Sprint CEO for laughing at Chelsea Handler’s Twitter joke about car crashing into T-Mobile store GeekWire Deals: Giveaway! Enter for a chance to win a Sonos PLAY:5 and a year of Spotify or Apple Music How this reluctant Fitbit investor almost missed a $1.6 billion windfall Week in Review: Most popular stories on GeekWire for the week of Jan. 8, 2017 SpaceX returns to flight with Iridium satellite launch – and rocket landing! Amazon wants FCC approval to test mysterious wireless communications system Life-size LEGO Batmobile uses 344,000 bricks — and needs one superhero behind the wheel Moon Express reportedly has the money for moonshot – but launch is up in the air Seattle is shutting down its bike-share program, will reallocate funding to other projects Reality check: Lucasfilm won’t put virtual Carrie Fisher in future Star Wars films Here’s a twist: UW biochemists find clever ways to pick a protein’s pockets profitably Vicis raises another $4M as it prepares to equip teams with high-tech football helmet Digital advertising company AudienceScience cuts jobs amid shift in business GeekWire Calendar Picks: How tech is disrupting politics and economics; SciFi and fantasy short film festival; and more Obama’s edict to help immigrant entrepreneurs start companies in the U.S. takes effect GeekWork Picks: Allen Institute for Artificial Intelligence seeks DevOps Lead to drive technical operations Spacewalkers finish swapping batteries Geek of the Week: Life Science Washington CEO Leslie Alexandre gets elbow-deep in health policy The Week in Geek: Envelop VR closes its doors; drone crashes into the Space Needle; and more GeekWire Deals: Become a data analytics pro with 89% off this Big Data Hadoop bundle Amazon to add 100,000 full-time U.S. jobs in next 18 months, growing domestic workforce 55 percent Dramatic video footage shows drone circling and then crashing into Seattle’s Space Needle Guest Post: U.S. Immigration Services issues new standards to make it easer for foreign entrepreneurs to get green cards Facebook grabs another Seattle office building, flexing its muscles again in the heart of Amazonia Amazon and Jeff Bezos get the spotlight (and a punch line) at the Golden Globes Study: Microsoft Teams set to pass Slack, Google Hangouts as second most-used business chat app in next 2 years Portland makes the best viral snow videos: Watch zoo animals play after this week’s storm Amazon wants FCC approval to test mysterious wireless communications system Obama’s edict to help immigrant entrepreneurs start companies in the U.S. takes effect SpaceX returns to flight with Iridium satellite launch – and rocket landing! Inside the F Bomb Breakfast Club, a space for Seattle’s badass female founders Creepy new T-Mobile commercials make me say ‘gross’ every time they air on TV Inside an avalanche: Watch snowboarder’s inflatable backpack save his life during disaster Amazon removes Indian flag doormat from site after official threatens to rescind employee visas Bill Gates and Intellectual Ventures attempt to patent a high-tech football helmet How this reluctant Fitbit investor almost missed a $1.6 billion windfall This video of monkeys mourning their adopted robot baby will hit you right in the feels After a rocky year, enterprise virtual reality startup Envelop VR is shutting down AT&T to customers complaining about DirecTV Now problems: We’re working on it Jeff Bezos is the reported buyer of the largest house in Washington, D.C., for $23M in cash Trending: Amazon wants FCC approval to test mysterious wireless communications system Working Geek: How Google Maps product manager Liz Hunt unplugs by Monica Nickelsburg on January 11, 2017 at 3:14 pmJanuary 11, 2017 at 3:40 pm Comments  1 Share  11 Tweet Share  90 Reddit Email Buy a GeekWire membership today! Sponsored by Working Geek is a regular feature on GeekWire that profiles technology and business leaders, offering tips, tricks and insights into how busy professionals get work done. Google product manager Liz Hunt. Details about Liz Hunt’s work as a product manager for Google are kept tightly under wraps. That’s because she’s working on new products for Google Maps that the Bay Area tech giant isn’t ready to share with the public yet. “At a high level, I collaborate closely with my business, design, and engineering colleagues to create products that our customers love,” she said. Hunt works out of Google’s big Seattle campus in the Fremont neighborhood. She’s been working in tech roles for nearly 20 years, including some high-profile gigs, like CTO of Farmstr and mobile engineering manager for Starbucks. When she’s not working, Hunt likes to unwind underwater. She’s an avid scuba diver and also enjoys other outdoor activities, like sailing and skiing. We caught up with Hunt for this installment of Working Geek, a regular GeekWire feature. Continue reading for her answers to our questionnaire. Current Location: “I’m thrilled to work in our Seattle office. It’s close to home, so I can walk to/from work!” Computer types: “I chose a Chromebook for work to have the full Google experience and learn a new platform. At home, I use a MacBook — it’s robust enough for my current computing needs and ideal for traveling. For the most part, switching between the two has been easy (sometimes, though, usually early in the morning before my chai has kicked in, I use the wrong keyboard shortcut on one or the other).” Mobile devices: “I’ve been an iPhone user since the very beginning, my current personal mobile is a 6s. I’ve also recently started using a Pixel (which is far and away my favorite Android device).” Favorite apps, cloud services and software tools: “I’ve used and loved a wide variety of different apps and services during my career. Over the years, I’ve found it’s best to be flexible and embrace whatever’s used by my colleagues, so now, of course, it’s G Suite all the way! Since our team is distributed across a few offices, we use Gmail/Hangouts for communication and Drive for collaboration.” Describe your workspace. Why does it work for you? “I’m often in meetings, so have a fairly minimal workspace — an adjustable desk (at which I usually sit), a large external monitor (which I’m usually too lazy to plug in), a laptop stand (propped even higher by an ever-so-classy ream of paper), a wireless keyboard/mouse, and a notebook. I’m a big fan of working from one of our office’s many comfy couch/chair spots, even if it’s bad for my posture. No matter where I am, I’ll almost certainly have a sparkling water nearby.” Your best advice for managing everyday work and life? “Prioritization, being nimble, and an awareness of my energy sources/sinks. I never know exactly what my day or week will bring, so have found that what works best for me is to begin with my top life/work priorities then adapt to events and reprioritize as needed. I also now make a conscious effort each day to invest time in activities and people that inspire and energize me in order to better balance out the more draining must-do tasks and chores.” Your preferred social network? How do you use it for business/work? “I’m not super active on any social network but have profiles on all the usual suspects. LinkedIn has been the most useful network for me professionally.” Current number of unanswered emails in your inbox? “Unanswered or unread? 9.” Number of appointments/meetings on your calendar this week? 26. This is a light post-holiday week, so it’s about half of the usual amount. How do you run meetings? “Time is precious, so I try to make meetings as efficient and productive as I can (shortening or canceling them whenever possible). Ideally, they’re a time for my colleagues and I to collaborate and/or make decisions. The best meetings start with a clear purpose and agenda, are inclusive so everyone feels comfortable participating, and end with succinct notes and action items.” Everyday work uniform? “I’m most often in jeans, a sweater or shirt, and a pair of Fluevogs (though I enjoy surprising people occasionally by wearing a skirt or dress).” How do you make time for family? “I love spending time with my friends, boyfriend, and family so it’s easy to make them a priority in my life. We keep in touch through messaging apps, audio/video calls, and as many in-person gatherings as we can.” Best stress reliever? How do you unplug? “Laughing. Going offline and outdoors. I’m particularly drawn to water in its various forms, so do a lot of sailing, skiing, and scuba diving. I also relax by sprawling on the couch with a good book or TV show.” What are you listening to? “I don’t often listen to music at the office since I’m usually in meetings, but when I do, I stream KEXP. When I’m working from home, I love listening to a lot of different stuff and tend to sing and/or chair dance along to whatever’s playing. Some of my favorite artists in my personal library are alt-J, Andrew Bird, Bruno Mars, Cat Power, Fleet Foxes, Iron & Wine, and Yeasayer.” Daily reads? Favorite sites and newsletters? “It depends on my mood and what kind of information/entertainment I’m interested in, but The Atlantic, Boing Boing, Digg, New York Times, NPR, and WIRED are usually in the mix. Book on your nightstand (or e-reader)? “I’m an avid reader, so am constantly downloading a new novel to my Kindle. Lately, I’ve been reading a lot of science fiction. I just finished Babylon’s Ashes, the most recent book in the Expanse series. Other favorite authors include Margaret Atwood, Michael Gruber, David Mitchell, and Haruki Murakami. I find new books by asking people… ‘Which book do you wish you hadn’t read so you could have the pleasure of reading it again for the first time?'” Night owl or early riser? What are your sleep patterns? “Left to my own devices, I’m totally a night owl. However, paradoxically, I find that I have a better life/work balance when I morning shift. Regardless, I function best when I get eight to nine hours of sleep a night.” Where do you get your best ideas? “Walking outside and brainstorming with colleagues.” Whose work style would you want to learn more about or emulate? “Nobody specific comes to mind at the moment, but I enjoy learning about other people’s work styles and tips-n-tricks.” Sponsor Post Calling All Innovators – Seattle’s Next Tech Titan is Hiring At Smartsheet, we’re on a mission to help businesses Work Better™. Our work management and automation platform, trusted by the world’s most productive companies, was just named by Forbes as one of the best cloud businesses in the world. There’s never been a better time to join our team! We could go on about how amazing and brilliant we are, but why not see for yourself? More Working Geek Working Geek: From elephants to Seahawks, Vulcan’s Keith Rosema has a hand in it all 14 busy tech leaders share their tips for managing everyday work and life Working Geek: How these 13 tech execs run their meetings Monica Nickelsburg handles a variety of editorial roles, including social media, site production, and the Geek Life beat. Originally from Southern California, she studied journalism and history at NYU before landing in Seattle. She loves arts, pop-culture, and her adopted city. Follow her @mnickelsburg Comments 1 Share  11 Tweet Share  90 Reddit Email Previous StoryGuest Post: U.S. Immigration Services issues new standards to make it easer for foreign entrepreneurs to get green cards Next StorySeahawks fans can have a hand in raising 12 flag thanks to augmented experience via team’s app Filed Under: Working Geek  Tagged With: Google • Google Maps • liz hunt • product manager • Tech • working geek GeekWire Newsletters Subscribe to GeekWire's free newsletters to catch every headline Email address Subscribe GeekWire Daily - Top headlines daily GeekWire Weekly - Most-read stories of the week, delivered Sunday GeekWire Sports Tech - The intersection of sports & technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Space & Science - Weekly headlines from Alan Boyle, award-winning aerospace and science editor GeekWire Podcasts — Weekly update with our latest audio episodes GeekWire Cloud Tech Weekly — Cloud and developer technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Mid-week Update — Most-read stories so far this week, delivered Wednesday GeekWire Local Deals — Special offers for Pacific Northwest area readers Send Us a Tip Have a scoop that you'd like GeekWire to cover? Let us know. Send Us a Tip See MoreGeekWire Events Related Stories Geek of the Week: Ada Academy grad Liz Rush is passionate about developer evangelism Working Geek: Andreessen Horowitz board partner Steven Sinofsky is a productivity machine Lyft will hire up to 60 at new engineering center in Seattle Working Geek: The surprising daily ritual that helps Koru tech guru Justin Beals de-stress Previous StoryGuest Post: U.S. Immigration Services issues new standards to make it easer for foreign entrepreneurs to get green cards Next StorySeahawks fans can have a hand in raising 12 flag thanks to augmented experience via team’s app Like what you're reading? Subscribe to GeekWire's free newsletters to catch every headline Email address Subscribe GeekWire Daily - Top headlines daily GeekWire Weekly - Most-read stories of the week, delivered Sunday GeekWire Sports Tech - The intersection of sports & technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Space & Science - Weekly headlines from Alan Boyle, award-winning aerospace and science editor GeekWire Podcasts — Weekly update with our latest audio episodes GeekWire Cloud Tech Weekly — Cloud and developer technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Mid-week Update — Most-read stories so far this week, delivered Wednesday GeekWire Local Deals — Special offers for Pacific Northwest area readers Comments See MoreGeekWire Picks More product reviews and recommendations GeekWire Deals: Giveaway! Enter for a chance to win a Sonos PLAY:5 and a year of Spotify or Apple Music GeekWire Deals: Become a data analytics pro with 89% off this Big Data Hadoop bundle Most Popular on GeekWire Amazon to add 100,000 full-time U.S. jobs in next 18 months, growing domestic workforce 55 percent Dramatic video footage shows drone circling and then crashing into Seattle’s Space Needle Guest Post: U.S. Immigration Services issues new standards to make it easer for foreign entrepreneurs to get green cards Facebook grabs another Seattle office building, flexing its muscles again in the heart of Amazonia Job Listings on GeekWork Find more jobs on GeekWork. Employers, post a job here. Senior Site Reliability EngineerOfferUp DevOps LeadAllen Institute for Artificial Intelligence Front-End Development LeadDelta Dental of Washington A Word From Our Sponsors Don’t miss a moment in 2017. Become a GeekWire member today! Purchase a membership here today. Nutreco Feed Tech Challenge registers over 340 participants on online platform in six weeks. Read More Growth Spurt: The Year in Review of Paul Allen’s Living Computers: Museum + Labs Read More Adforprize: Shake up the ad industry and win prizes Read More Tune in Geeks: GeekWire Radio Click here for the latest GeekWire Podcasts Don’t miss a moment in 2017. Become a GeekWire member today! Purchase a membership here today. Nutreco Feed Tech Challenge registers over 340 participants on online platform in six weeks. Read More Growth Spurt: The Year in Review of Paul Allen’s Living Computers: Museum + Labs Read More Adforprize: Shake up the ad industry and win prizes Read More Tune in Geeks: GeekWire Radio Click here for the latest GeekWire Podcasts Galactic Sponsors Platinum Sponsors Gold Sponsors Silver Sponsors About About GeekWire Contact Us Ask About Advertising Send Us a Tip Apply for Startup Spotlight Apply for Geek of the Week Become a GeekWire Member Join Our Startup List Reprints and Permissions Follow GeekWire Newsletters Catch every headline in your inbox Email address Subscribe GeekWire Daily - Top headlines daily GeekWire Weekly - Most-read stories of the week, delivered Sunday GeekWire Sports Tech - The intersection of sports & technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Space & Science - Weekly headlines from Alan Boyle, award-winning aerospace and science editor GeekWire Podcasts — Weekly update with our latest audio episodes GeekWire Cloud Tech Weekly — Cloud and developer technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Mid-week Update — Most-read stories so far this week, delivered Wednesday GeekWire Local Deals — Special offers for Pacific Northwest area readers GeekWire Apps iOS Android Apple News Windows Phone Windows 8 Google Play Newsstand GeekWire Developer Blog Return to Top of Page Privacy Policy | Terms of Use © 2011-2017 GeekWire, LLC
This site uses cookies. By continuing to browse the site you are agreeing to our use of cookies. Find out more here.   Archive Budgets Resources Partners Site Map Links Contact RSS Feeds Front Page 5 Days News by Topic International Tax International Law Politics & Economics Offshore Business E-Commerce Investment Aviation Marine Jurisdictions Andorra Anguilla Aruba Australia Bahamas Barbados Belize Bermuda British Virgin Islands Canada Cayman Islands Cook Islands Costa Rica Cyprus Dubai Gibraltar Grenada Guernsey Hong Kong Ireland Isle of Man Jersey Labuan Liechtenstein Luxembourg Madeira Malta Mauritius Monaco Netherlands Antilles Nevis Panama Saint Vincent and the Grenadines Seychelles South Africa Switzerland Turks and Caicos Islands United Kingdom United States Vanuatu MORE Features Contributed Articles Comments Search Tax-News.com Advanced Search You Are Here » Front Page » News » Google To Pay EUR280m In Back Taxes To Italy: Reports Close Password Reminder Please enter your email address to receive a password reminder.   Log into Tax-News+ Not registered yet? Find out about our daily news alert service » Email Address:  Password:  Login » Forgotten your password? Today’s Top Headlines » US Congress Receives Bill To Cancel CEO Tax Breaks » Dijsselbloem U-Turns On Dutch Corporate Tax » US Progresses Trade Disputes With China » Hong Kong Consults On Beneficial Ownership Plans » New Zealand-S Korea FTA Enters Second Phase Google To Pay EUR280m In Back Taxes To Italy: Reports By Ulrika Lomas, Tax-News.com,Brussels 12 January 2017 Google has agreed to pay up to EUR280m (USD296m) to settle corporate income tax said to be due to the Italian Revenue Agency, according to Italian media reports. One year ago, the Revenue Agency disclosed that the Guardia di Finanza, Italy's financial police, had served notice on Google with regard to its past tax payments in the country. It was then reported that the Guardia was alleging that Google had a permanent establishment in Italy in the years between 2009 and 2013, and Italian taxes were therefore payable, for example, on the income received from clients in Italy. The launching of the case against Google followed the agreement made by the Revenue Agency with Apple Italia at the end of December 2015, wherein Apple Italia agreed to pay EUR318m to fully settle Italian corporate income tax said to be due since 2008. TAGS: compliance | tax | business | tax compliance | commerce | corporation tax | tax authority | internet | e-commerce | multinationals | Italy | BEPS To see today's news, click here. Leave a comment ↺ Post Read our Posting Guidelines   Recommended Tweets by @TaxNews1 Stay Updated Please enter your email address to join the Tax-News.com mailing list. View previous newsletters. To manage your mailing list preferences, please click here » Tax-News+ Daily Updates Receive FREE daily updates from Tax-News.com, straight to your inbox. Register Now! For a tailored solution, choose to receive selected news updates for your preferred jurisdictions and topics, with our enhanced Tax-News+ subscriber service. Read more... Network Blogs and Features Best Place To Get A Classic Car » Take good steps to find the best online eTV facility to India » Hiring Company Secretary Services for the Singapore Startups » School Lockers Making Way For 'Cleanliness'! » Singapore Company Incorporation: No Shortcuts for Entrepreneurs » Make your right choice for best e-Tourist Visa facility » Mauritius International Focus » Brunei unexpectedly receives significant back-up from China » Attracting Taiwanese investors is an important goal for this Malaysian State » political and legislative changes cannot be ruled out » How to Make an Appointment with a Hong Kong Bank » Guernsey - A Hidden Gem » all sorts of absurdities can ensue » A Sneak Peek into the Singapore Company Registration Options for Foreigners » Tax-News Jurisdictions Aaland Islands Afghanistan African Union Albania Alderney Algeria American Samoa Andorra Angola Anguilla Antarctica Antigua and Barbuda Argentina Armenia Aruba Australia Austria Azerbaijan Bahamas Bahrain Bangladesh Barbados Belarus Belgium Belize Benin Bermuda BES Islands Bhutan Bolivia Bosnia and Herzegovina Botswana Brazil British Indian Ocean Territory British Virgin Islands Brunei Bulgaria Burkina Faso Burma Burundi Cambodia Cameroon Canada Cape Verde Caribbean Community (CARICOM) Cayman Islands Central African Republic Chad Chile China Christmas Island Cocos (Keeling) Islands Colombia Comoros Congo, Democratic Republic of the Congo, Republic of the Cook Islands Coral Sea Islands Costa Rica Cote d'Ivoire Croatia Cuba Curaçao Cyprus Czech Republic Denmark Dhekelia Djibouti Dominica Dominican Republic Dubai East African Community (EAC) Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Estonia Ethiopia Europa Island European Union Falkland Islands Faroe Islands Fiji Finland France French Guiana French Polynesia Gabon Gambia Gaza Strip Georgia Germany Ghana Gibraltar Greece Greenland Grenada Guadeloupe Guam Guatemala Guernsey Guinea Guinea-Bissau Guyana Haiti Heard Island and McDonald Islands Holy See (Vatican City) Honduras Hong Kong Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Iran Iraq Ireland Isle of Man Israel Italy Jamaica Japan Jersey Jordan Kazakhstan Kenya Kiribati Korea, North Korea, South Kosovo Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Labuan Laos Latvia Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Libya Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Macau Macedonia Madagascar Madeira Malawi Malaysia Maldives Mali Malta Marshall Islands Martinique Mauritania Mauritius Mayotte Mexico Micronesia, Federated States of Moldova Monaco Mongolia Montenegro Montserrat Morocco Mozambique Myanmar Namibia Nauru Nepal Netherlands Netherlands Antilles Nevis New Caledonia New Zealand Nicaragua Niger Nigeria Niue Norfolk Island Northern Mariana Islands Norway OECD Oman Pakistan Palau Panama Papua New Guinea Paraguay Peru Philippines Pitcairn Islands Poland Portugal Puerto Rico Qatar Reunion Romania Russia Rwanda Saint Helena Saint Kitts and Nevis Saint Lucia Saint Pierre and Miquelon Saint Vincent and the Grenadines Samoa San Marino Sao Tome and Principe Saudi Arabia Senegal Serbia Seychelles Sharjah Sierra Leone Singapore Sint Maarten Slovakia Slovenia Solomon Islands Somalia South Africa South Georgia and the South Sandwich Islands Spain Spratly Islands Sri Lanka Sudan Suriname Svalbard Swaziland Sweden Switzerland Syria Taiwan Tajikistan Tanzania Thailand Timor-Leste Togo Tonga Trinidad and Tobago Tunisia Turkey Turkmenistan Turks and Caicos Islands Tuvalu Uganda Ukraine United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United States Uruguay Uzbekistan Vanuatu Venezuela Vietnam Virgin Islands Wake Island Wallis and Futuna West Bank Western Sahara Yemen Zambia Zimbabwe Lowtax Global tax and business portal.   Andorra Anguilla Aruba Asia/Pacific Australia Austria Bahamas Barbados Belgium Belize Bermuda Botswana British Virgin Islands Brunei Bulgaria Canada Cayman Islands China Comoros Islands Cook Islands Costa Rica Curacao Cyprus Czech Republic Denmark Dubai Estonia France Germany Gibraltar Greece Grenada Guernsey Hong Kong Hungary India Ireland Isle of Man Jersey Labuan Latvia Liberia Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Madeira Malaysia Malta Marshall Islands Mauritius Monaco The Netherlands The Netherlands Antilles Nevis New Zealand Panama Poland Portugal Qatar Ras Al Khaimah Romania Russia Seychelles Singapore Slovakia Slovenia South Africa Spain St. Kitts St. Vincent & The Grenadines Switzerland Turks & Caicos Islands United Kingdom United States United States - Delaware Vanuatu Global Incorporation Guide (GIG) An intuitive international business, tax and investment smart tool that searches and compares global jurisdictions for the most effective corporate vehicles and structures based on intended use and ownership preferences.   Algeria Andorra Anguilla Argentina Armenia Aruba Australia Austria Azerbaijan Bahamas Bahrain Bangladesh Barbados Belgium Belize Bermuda Bolivia Bosnia Botswana Brazil British Virgin Islands Brunei Bulgaria Canada Cayman Islands Chile China Colombia Cook Islands Costa Rica Croatia Curacao Cyprus Czech Republic Denmark Dominica Dubai Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Equatorial Guinea Estonia Ethiopia Faroe Islands Finland France Georgia Germany Gibraltar Greece Grenada Guam Guatemala Guernsey Hong Kong Hungary India Indonesia Iraq Ireland Isle of Man Israel Italy Japan Jersey Kazakhstan Kuwait Labuan Latvia Liberia Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Madeira Malaysia Malta Marshall Islands Mauritius Mexico Monaco Montenegro Morocco Netherlands New Zealand Nigeria Panama Poland Portugal Puerto Rico Qatar Ras Al Khaimah Romania Russia Saint Kitts and Nevis Saint Vincent and the Grenadines Seychelles Singapore Slovakia Slovenia South Africa Spain Sweden Switzerland Turks and Caicos Islands United Kingdom United States - Delaware United States - Nevada Vanuatu Virgin Islands Expat Briefing A free online publication serving international expatriates and featuring world news, forums, events, in-depth country information and reliable investment and personal taxation guides.   Australia Brazil Canada China France Germany Hong Kong Indonesia India Ireland Italy Japan Malta Netherlands New Zealand Portugal Russia Saudi Arabia Singapore South Africa Spain Thailand UAE United Kingdom United States Archive | Resources | Partners | Site Map | Links | Newsletter Archive | Contact | RSS Feeds | About | Syndication | Advertising & Marketing | Recruitment | Terms & Conditions | Privacy & Cookies IMPORTANT NOTICE: Wolters Kluwer TAA Limited has taken reasonable care in sourcing and presenting the information contained on this site, but accepts no responsibility for any financial or other loss or damage that may result from its use. In particular, users of the site are advised to take appropriate professional advice before committing themselves to involvement in offshore jurisdictions, offshore trusts or offshore investments. All rights reserved. © 2017 Wolters Kluwer TAA Limited  
Time.com MY ACCOUNT SIGN IN SIGN OUT SUBSCRIBE SUBSCRIBE Home U.S. Politics World Business Tech Health Motto Entertainment Science Newsfeed Living Sports History The TIME Vault Magazine Ideas Parents TIME Labs Money LIFE The Daily Cut Photography Videos TIME Shop Press Room The 100 Most Influential People Next Generation Leaders American Voices The Ensemble Effect Finding Home Person of the Year 2016 Top of the World Subscribe Newsletters Feedback Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Use Ad Choices RSS TIME Apps TIME for Kids Advertising Reprints and Permissions Site Map Help Customer Service © 2017 Time Inc. All rights reserved. Tech MY ACCOUNT SIGN IN SIGN OUT SUBSCRIBE SUBSCRIBE MORE U.S. Edition U.S. Edition Europe, Middle East and Africa Edition Asia Edition South Pacific Edition Former Pro Wrestler Jimmy ‘Superfly’ Snuka Dies at Age 73 Racial Discrimination Still Exists With With Ride-Sharing Apps Nintendo America Boss: Switch Online Platform Will Have ‘Nintendo Flair’ Watch Alec Baldwin Mock Donald Trump’s Latest Press Conference on Saturday Night Live 10 Books to Put On Your Reading List This Month Tips to Teach Kindness to Your Kids, According to Doctors Here’s Why Game of Thrones Has Not Yet Been Renewed for Season 8 Nicole Kidman Clarifies Her Comments About Donald Trump: ‘I Believe in Democracy’ SpaceX Launches First Rocket Since Explosion Jennifer Holliday Pulls Out of Donald Trump Inauguration Performance TIME Tech Smartphones This Is HTC’s Latest Attempt To Take On Apple and Samsung Lisa Eadicicco @lisaeadicicco Jan. 12, 2017 SHARE HTC It's called the HTC U Ultra, and it has a new AI assistant and 2 screens HTC is launching a new smartphone with a virtual assistant that it says can make suggestions without being prompted, the company announced on Jan. 12. The phone costs $749, about the same as most premium smartphones, and will begin shipping in mid-March. The phone, called the U Ultra phone, will include a new virtual aide called the HTC Sense Companion. That new feature comes after both Apple and Google have made significant improvements to their own respective digital helpers over the past year. HTC is touting its AI aide as a proactive assistant that can show relevant reminders and alerts throughout the day, similar to what Google Now has been doing for years. It can, for example, use weather data to suggest to dress warmly or to leave earlier than usual for work if snow is forecasted. But based on HTC’s claims, it sounds like Sense Companion goes a step further than just making suggestions based on a user’s calendar or preferences. The company says that its AI can make a restaurant recommendation and reserve a table on the owner’s behalf, for instance. It’s unclear if the phone will have this functionality at launch or if it will be available later in 2017, as HTC’s website notes that it “may not be installed” on the phone. (Facebook is working on a digital assistant known as M that is said to offer similar functionality, but it’s unclear when or even if M will ever be widely available.) The Sense Companion also supports voice recognition and can answer requests even when the phone is asleep, like Apple’s Siri and Google’s Assistant. The HTC Ultra’s other distinguishing characteristic is its second screen, which sits just above the main display and runs along the top of the phone. With this additional screen, HTC is hoping to give phone owners a way to set aside extra real estate for quickly accessing favorite contacts and apps without distracting users from what’s on the primary screen. Samsung offers a similar feature on its lineup of Edge smartphones, which include a curved side screen displaying similar shortcuts. HTC is also playing up the camera on its new smartphone, which has a 12-megapixel sensor and a DxOMark rating of 88. That’s higher than the iPhone 7’s score of 86, but lower than the Google Pixel’s 89. (DxOMark measures the performance of a camera’s lens and sensor; higher scores indicate better overall camera quality.) The phone also comes with a 16-megapixel front-facing camera for snapping selfies, which is a notably high resolution compared to competing phones. HTC has improved on its design as well, introducing a new sleeker, glossy look compared to the HTC 10’s brushed aluminum. The phone also has a 5.7-inch screen, making it slightly larger than the 5.5-inch iPhone 7 Plus and Google Pixel and the same size as Samsung’s discontinued Note 7. It lacks a headphone jack, like several newer smartphones (including Apple’s iPhone 7), and instead features a USB Type-C port. Headphones are also included in the box. The U Ultra is the struggling electronics maker’s latest attempt to grab a slice of the smartphone market from Apple and Samsung, after recently revealing that its total revenue had fallen by more than a third during 2016. HTC has an opportunity to rebound and capture the phablet market with its U Ultra, catering to those who may have otherwise opted for Samsung’s problem-plagued and discontinued Note 7. Tap to read full story Read Next Your browser is out of date. Please update your browser at http://update.microsoft.com Home U.S. Politics World Business Tech Health Science Entertainment Newsfeed Living Ideas Parents Sports History The TIME Vault Magazine Subscribe Give a Gift TIME Shop Press Room Newsletters Customer Service Site Map Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Use Advertising Ad Choices Careers All products and services featured are based solely on editorial selection. TIME may receive compensation for some links to products and services on this website. © 2017 Time Inc. All rights reserved. Powered by WordPress.com VIP YOU BROKE TIME.COM! Dear TIME Reader, As a regular visitor to TIME.com, we are sure you enjoy all the great journalism created by our editors and reporters. Great journalism has great value, and it costs money to make it. One of the main ways we cover our costs is through advertising. The use of software that blocks ads limits our ability to provide you with the journalism you enjoy. Consider turning your Ad Blocker off so that we can continue to provide the world class journalism you have become accustomed to. The TIME Team
Sections SEO SEM Mobile Local Retail Google Bing Social Home Submit Follow Us Follow SEO SEM Mobile Local Retail Google Bing Social More Submit Follow SUBSCRIBE Subscribe Search Engine Land Pop-up Problems? Google has rolled out the mobile intrusive interstitials penalty Mobile ads Google to launch automated call extensions on Feb. 6 Subscribe to SearchCap SUBSCRIBE SEO SEM Mobile Local Retail Google Bing Social Home SEO Everything you need to know about SEO, delivered every Thursday. SUBSCRIBE A simple checklist to prep for the Google mobile-first index Columnist Bryson Meunier believes that for savvy marketers, the rollout of Google's mobile-first index will represent an opportunity -- not a threat. Bryson Meunier on January 12, 2017 at 10:15 am More Hopefully, all of you learned from “Mobilegeddon” in 2015 and “Mobilegeddon 2” in 2016 that the updates Google makes to improve the smartphone user experience for the majority of Google searchers are not the end of the world. Not even close, in fact. Still, I have seen a lot of articles focused on this topic in relation to Google’s new mobile-first index, which will be launching finally this year — almost two years after Google’s Gary Illyes referenced it at SMX West. Here’s what you need to remember in order to fully take advantage of the opportunity that is the mobile index in 2017: 1. Don’t panic You may be wondering if you need to change your canonical tags, or if rankings will change, since mobile pages typically have fewer links and content is more sparse, or if expandable mobile content will count toward ranking in a new mobile index. All of these are fair questions, and you can find the answers here on Search Engine Land or at any of these fine sites. The important thing to remember is not to panic. Google’s Paul Haahr and Gary Illyes have both gone on record as saying they expect minimal changes in search results as a result of the mobile-first index, so it’s highly unlikely that this event will be anything close to a Mobilegeddon 3. If you have a separate mobile site or use adaptive or responsive design and you follow Google’s guidelines, you’ll be fine. And if you follow the second (and last) point on this checklist, you have the potential to be even better than before. 2. Understand the mobile context and build awesome content that speaks to it Long-time readers know that I’ve been writing for years about creating content that addresses the mobile context. Over the years, I’ve shown readers how companies are using the unique capabilities of mobile to provide a better user experience for searchers on mobile devices. I discussed State Farm and eSurance recognizing that mobile searchers are more likely than desktop searchers to want information on accident help and roadsides assistance — and choosing to highlight this information on their mobile sites as a result. I mentioned Walgreens and Arby’s foregrounding the ability to find a location on their mobile home page and not on their desktop site. Most recently, I profiled Turbotax, Hotwire and Walgreens, who are all doing a phenomenal job with their content in the present, foregrounding content that matters most to mobile users. If you got a head start back in 2010 when I told you about this, that’s great; unfortunately, prior to the mobile-first index, Google was ranking websites based on desktop content and not on the mobile content, and so none of this affected mobile SEO. [Cue Sad Trombone] Fortunately, that’s changing. A few months ago, in preparation for the mobile-first index, we looked at our mobile content at Vivid Seats. We use dynamic serving to provide content based on user agent and can serve different content if we think the searcher has different needs on one platform from what they have on the other. Consider geolocation and how it is changing search behavior. In 2015, Google noted that “near me” searches had increased 34x since 2011 and had nearly doubled from 2014 to 2015. We noticed that people who go to concerts are looking for “concerts near me” about 3x more on smartphones than they are on desktops, so we made that phrase more prominent on the concert tickets page for mobile than desktop: We communicated specifically to mobile users in the text, letting them know that the results displayed are geolocated to ensure they are only concerts near their location. Because Google is only looking at desktop content currently, they don’t see this text, which is intended for mobile searchers. But when the mobile-first index arrives, this is mostly what they will see, and they will be able to understand the relevance of the page when searchers are looking for it. What content on your site can you make more relevant or attractive to mobile searchers? Don’t think just about queries, but also about content that people will share and link to. Progressive Web Apps for example, can do a lot of things on the web that were previously only available in apps. Not every brand needs a branded mobile air horn or guitar tuner, but it is an opportunity for brands to put the kind of content many of them are currently putting in native apps and placing it on the web as well. With the mobile index, this could affect SEO and site traffic in the long term. Final thoughts The mobile-first index that Google is rolling out should be more of an opportunity for marketers than a threat. Use progressive web apps to invite links to your mobile content and overindexing mobile queries to make content more relevant to truly take advantage of this upcoming mobile sea change. Some opinions expressed in this article may be those of a guest author and not necessarily Search Engine Land. Staff authors are listed here. About The Author Bryson Meunier Bryson Meunier is the SEO Director at Vivid Seats, is an SEO veteran with more than 14 years experience both agency and in-house, and is a thought leader in permission marketing as a columnist and a frequent speaker on SEO and mobile marketing. Sponsored We're listening. Have something to say about this article? Share it with us on Facebook, Twitter or our LinkedIn Group. Attend Our Conferences March 21-23, 2017: SMX West June 2017: SMX Advanced October 24-26, 2017: SMX East × Attend SMX - Click Here Learn More About Our SMX Events Gain new strategies and insights at the intersection of marketing, technology, and management. Our next conference will be held: May 9-11, 2017: MarTech San Francisco October 2-4, 2017: MarTech Boston × Attend MarTech - Click Here Learn More About Our MarTech Events Take the MarTech Quiz Think you know martech? Find out by taking this 3-minute quiz. See how you score and share it with friends! Let's Get Started White Papers Benchmark Report: 2017 State of Customer Marketing How SEO + UX Can Thrive Together Social Media ROI Template How an Insight Community Creates More Effective Brand Marketing How to Keep Your Customers From Cheating on You See More Whitepapers Webcasts 5 Disruptions Reshaping Marketing As We Know It Integrated Marketing Analytics: Creating a single source of data truth Video Marketing 2017: What You Need to Know See More Webcasts Research Reports Content Marketing Tools B2B Predictive Marketing Analytics Platforms Social Media Management Software Call Analytics Platforms Paid Media Campaign Management Platforms B2B Marketing Automation Platforms See More Research The Periodic Table of Seo Success Sign up for our daily newsletter. SUBSCRIBE Follow Us © 2017 Third Door Media, Inc. All rights reserved.
Close Biz & IT Tech Science Policy Cars Gaming & Culture Forums Navigate Videos Features Reviews Ars Approved RSS Feeds Mobile Site About Ars Staff Directory Contact Us Advertise with Ars Reprints Filter by topic Biz & IT Tech Science Policy Cars Gaming & Culture Forums Settings Front page layout Grid List Unified Wide Site theme Black on white White on black Sign in Comment activity Sign up or login to join the discussions! Stay logged in | Having trouble? Sign up to comment and more Sign up Ars Technica UK Titan grounded — Alphabet ended drone Internet project, saying economics didn’t work out Google bought Titan Aerospace in 2014, but employees were moved to Project Loon. Jon Brodkin - Jan 12, 2017 4:36 pm UTC A Google Titan drone. reader comments 50 Share this story Alphabet's airborne broadband plans no longer include drones, as the company says balloons are a more promising delivery mechanism for bringing Internet access to remote and rural areas. Google bought drone maker Titan Aerospace in 2014 and began testing drones that could eventually be used to bring Internet connections to remote places. But the company quietly scrapped those plans nearly a year ago, 9to5Google reported yesterday. More than 50 employees were moved to other Alphabet projects. "The team from Titan was brought into X in early 2016," Alphabet told 9to5Google. "We ended our exploration of high-altitude UAVs [unmanned aerial vehicles] for Internet access shortly after. By comparison, at this stage, the economics and technical feasibility of Project Loon present a much more promising way to connect rural and remote parts of the world. Many people from the Titan team are now using their expertise as part of other high-flying projects at X, including Loon and Project Wing." When contacted by Ars today, Alphabet provided the same statement it gave 9to5Google but no further information. Project Loon is the balloon initiative that Google began working on a few years ago. The idea is to create a network of balloons that can carry Internet signals from cell towers to users that otherwise wouldn't be within range. "High-speed Internet is transmitted up to the nearest balloon from our telecommunications partner on the ground, relayed across the balloon network, and then back down to users on the ground," Alphabet says. "We have demonstrated data transmission between balloons over 100km apart in the stratosphere and back down to people on the ground with connection speeds of up to 10Mbps, directly to their LTE phones." Alphabet has "autolaunchers" that can launch new balloons every 30 minutes. In test flights, balloons have stayed in the stratosphere for as long as 187 days. Project Wing, meanwhile, uses drones, but not for delivering Internet access. Instead, the Wing team aims to create "a new commerce system" using drones to deliver consumer products as well as emergency medicine. Google has also invested in SpaceX, which is building low-Earth orbit satellites for broadband. The idea of drone-based broadband networks may not be dead just because Alphabet gave up on it. Facebook, for example, is working on solar-powered drones that might be able to deliver Internet service to remote areas. Although the Facebook drone's first test flight in June 2016 resulted in a landing accident in the face of heavy winds, Facebook said the test was still a success overall. Jon Brodkin Jon is Ars Technica's senior IT reporter, covering the FCC and broadband, telecommunications, wireless technology, and more. Email jon.brodkin@arstechnica.com // Twitter @JBrodkin reader comments 50 Share this story You must login or create an account to comment. ← Previous story Next story → Related Stories Sponsored Stories Powered by Today on Ars RSS Feeds View Mobile Site Visit Ars Technica UK About Us Contact Us Staff Advertise with us Reprints WIRED Media Group Use of this Site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement (effective 1/2/14) and Privacy Policy (effective 1/2/14), and Ars Technica Addendum (effective 5/17/2012). Your California Privacy Rights. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast.
﻿ Having backed the losing candidate, Google now tries to align with Trump - Watchdog.org The Government Watchdog Home About Us About Watchdog.org FAQs Watchdog.org Staff Staff Openings Steal our Stuff! Subscribe to our Emails States Colorado Florida Mississippi Ohio Pennsylvania Texas Vermont Wisconsin National News Series Deadly Delays at the SSA The Google Administration Educating America Mississippi’s $6 billion boondoggle Nanny State of the Week Pennsylvania’s Ghost Teachers Tomah, WI VA Scandal Trouble in Texas Watchdog Podcast Wisconsin’s Secret War Authors John Bicknell Michael Bielawski Jon Cassidy Kathy Hoekstra Johnny Kampis M.D. Kittle Emma Lamberton Bruce Parker William Patrick Lou Varricchio Kenric Ward James Wigderson Steve Wilson Issues Accountability Budget and Spending Campus Culture Education Energy and Environment Federal Government First Amendment Health Care Immigration Judiciary Labor Pensions Regulations State Government Taxes Technology Subscribe Donate Education Energy First Amendment Health Care Nanny State Regulations State Government Technology Home  >  National  >  Having backed the losing candidate, Google now tries to align with Trump Having backed the losing candidate, Google now tries to align with Trump By Johnny Kampis  /   January 12, 2017  /   News  /   No Comments Part 6 of 6 in the series The Google Administration A NEW HORSE: Google bet on Clinton and she lost. Now the tech giant is trying to imbed itself in the incoming Trump administration.   As President-elect Trump prepares to take office, tech behemoth Google has changed course, now trying to align itself with the incoming Republican administration after backing Democrat Hillary Clinton in the presidential election. Watchdog.org reported extensively last year on Google’s cozy relationship with the Obama administration, from a lobbyist’s frequent visits to the White House to the number of employees who have transitioned from Google to the Obama administration and vice versa. RELATED: Visitor logs show Google’s unrivaled White House access    The company also has amped up its influence of Congress, becoming one of the most influential tech lobbyists and provider of campaign contributions in the United States. RELATED: Google, telecom rivals spend big on lobbying and lawmakers Shortly after Trump’s win, the Mountain View, California-based company posted a listing for a conservative outreach manager, Bloomberg noted. Google sought a D.C. veteran to “act as liaison to conservative, libertarian and free market groups.” No matter the ideological disposition of a company’s leadership, it’s not at all unusual for big lobbying shops to include advocates of both political parties — just in case. Bloomberg pointed out that Trump’s position on several issues important to Google, including autonomous vehicles, telecommunications rules and antitrust concerns, is uncertain. Watchdog has reported on the favorable one-touch, make-ready policies for utility poles that city leaders in Louisville and Nashville have created for Google’s broadband division, Google Fiber. As the nation looks to overhaul its broadband infrastructure, such issues are likely to come into play on the national stage. Eric Schmidt, chairman of Alphabet Inc., Google’s parent company, was strongly in the Clinton camp, and was photographed wearing a staff badge at a Clinton rally in New York during the evening of the election. WikiLeaks obtained emails showing Schmidt’s eagerness to help get the former secretary of state elected, and it’s no surprise, given Google’s ties to Clinton. Campaign for Accountability, which has compiled the Google Transparency Project exposing many of the ties between Google and the Obama administration, showed the reasons Google expected to curry similar favor with Clinton if she were elected: Alphabet Inc. gave $1.56 million to the Clinton campaign, nearly double that donated by Microsoft, the next highest corporate sponsor. Google has provided $9.6 million in grants to the Clinton Global Initiative, a project of the Clinton Foundation. Google has hired at least 19 officials who worked in the State Department under Clinton, including Jared Cohen, who served on Clinton’s policy planning staff. Schmidt admitted days after the election at the New York Times’ annual Dealbook conference that he supported the Clinton side and was “surprised” by the presidential election result. WRIGHT: The potential future Federal Trade Commission chairman is a strong Google ally. “I completely congratulate the next president of the United States,” he said. “Most people did not expect this outcome. And it is a pretty amazing story.” At the conference, Schmidt talked about how Trump could work with Silicon Valley. “The top five most valuable companies in America today are Apple, Google, Amazon, Facebook and Microsoft,” he said. “What do each and every one of those companies need? High value, highly educated, high quality levels of immigration.” Joshua Wright, long an ally of Google, is in charge of the transition team at the Federal Trade Commission. The Intercept noted Wright is “pulling off the rare revolving-door quadruple-play,” having moved from academic work supported by Google to FTC commissioner, back to Google-supported work and now back to the federal government. As a George Mason University law professor, Wright wrote at least four academic papers while being funded by Google that argued the company hadn’t violated antitrust laws by favoring its own sites in search engine results. After Wright became a FTC commissioner in 2013, he recused himself from any cases involving Google for two years. He returned to George Mason in August 2015, but also began working with the law firm Wilson Sonsini Goodrich & Rosati, Google’s primary outside law firm. Now Wright could very well be named chairman of the FTC in the coming months. AMEY: Google’s efforts to woo the new administration is Washington, D.C. politics as usual. Scott Amey, general counsel for the Project on Government Oversight, an independent watchdog championing good government reforms, told Watchdog.org that Google’s efforts are standard with a new president being inaugurated. “Welcome to Washington,” he said. “It’s customary to try to curry favor with whoever is in power. It’s no surprise that Google is making an effort to have good relationships with people in the Trump administration.” Despite Google’s support of Clinton, and Trump’s tendency to hold grudges, the tech behemoth may very well succeed in its efforts to imbed itself in the new power structure. Given the amount of power that is delegated, the key is developing those cozy relationships with administration members, Amey noted, and he said there are plenty of consulting firms in D.C. with strong relationships with the GOP that would be eager to work with Google. That could include groups like the R Street Institute, a free-market oriented public policy think tank whose financial systems study director, Alex Pollock, is serving on the Trump transition team. “They’ll do their best to influence policy,” Amey said of Google, “and we’ll see how that goes.” Part of 6 in the series The Google Administration Visitor logs show Google’s unrivaled White House access Google could face record antitrust fine in Europe after skating by in U.S. Google employees have enjoyed revolving door during Obama administration Did Google employees-turned White House appointees violate Obama’s ethics pledge? Google, telecom rivals spend big on lobbying and lawmakers Having backed the losing candidate, Google now tries to align with Trump Click here to LEARN HOW TO STEAL OUR STUFF! Johnny Kampis Johnny Kampis is a content editor and staff writer at Watchdog.org. Johnny previously worked in the newspaper industry and as a freelance writer, and has been published in The New York Times, Time.com, FoxNews.com and the Atlanta Journal-Constitution. A former semi-professional poker player, Kampis is writing a book documenting the poker scene at the 2016 World Series of Poker, a decade after the peak of the poker boom. You can follow him on Twitter @TuscaloosaJohn or reach him via email at [email protected] [email protected] Sign-up for our Watchdog.org email list to receive the latest news and in-depth coverage. ﻿ Don’t miss our news Get the latest on government waste, fraud, and abuse - directly in your inbox. Commentary Minnesota fumbles firing of football coach who stood up for players’ due process rights Ashe Schow  |  Education Obama undermines Trump on civil rights with last-minute appointments Ashe Schow  |  Education John Doe probe will never be over for furious Democrats M.D. Kittle  |  Wisconsin Tribune spreads myth of underfunded Texas schools Jon Cassidy  |  Texas University of Minnesota football players reverse course, end boycott Ashe Schow  |  Minnesota Watchdog In Your State Colorado Florida Ohio Pennsylvania Kansas Tennessee Minnesota Texas Mississippi Vermont Montana Virginia Nebraska Wisconsin New Jersey More States… North Dakota News Education Energy and Environment First Amendment Health Care Labor Pensions State Budgets Technology Connect Like us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Join us on Google+ Watch us on YouTube About Watchdog.org Contact Privacy Policy Copyright & Legal © 2017 Franklin Center for Government & Public Integrity
CONTENT Reviews Columns Buyer's Guide POPULAR TOPICS Android Apple Cars Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Photography Apps Software Wearable Entertainment Science Reviews Columns Buyer's Guide Popular Topics  Android Apple Cars Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Photography Apps Software Wearable Entertainment Science Twitter Google+ Facebook Youtube RSS Search SlashGear Search Google Pixel 2 : How Pixel XL’s success could shape the next release Chris Burns - Jan 12, 2017 23 Facebook Twitter Google Reddit The release of the Google Pixel 2 (and Pixel XL 2) will refine an already-shining example of how good, and simply good, an Android device can be. Google seems to have reached a point at which they’re ready to handle consumers directly, instead of relying on big brands to do all the heavy lifting. As the HTC-manufactured, Google-designed Pixel and Pixel XL had sparkling reviews upon release in 2016, the next generation won’t likely change in any drastic way. The war of smartphone hardware is all but over – take a peek at the stack of the devices above and you’ll see. We’re no longer seeing massive design differences between smartphones made by major brands. There’s no reason to risk the time and effort necessary to design and ship a smartphone that’s odd just to appeal to a niche market. Google is taking Apple’s approach to smartphone manufacturing and marketing. Just like the iPhone-selling company, Google designs and ships their own smartphone. Just like Apple, Google designs its own phone, but has an ODM (Original Design Manufacturer) do its hardware manufacturing. A lot of Google’s methodology can be found in Nate Swanner’s article “Reasons why Google’s Pixel 2 could be the best phone ever.” There, Nate explains how Google and HTC set only a 9-month period to design and manufacture the Pixel. Now imagine how much better a second iteration could be, building on the first instead of starting from scratch, working for 12 months instead of just 9. Above you’ll see our first Unboxing of the Google Pixel XL. You’ll notice that the combined might of both Google and HTC’s past in packaging makes for a professional presentation already here in the first wave. We look forward to inspecting and judging every aspect of the second-wave release. With the second Google Pixel we’ll expect that the newest in Qualcomm Snapdragon processor technology will be used. That means – quite likely – a Snapdragon 835 and many of the key features that are made possible by it. This means more battery life through power optimizations, more capacity for power-hungry processing tasks, and the ability to handle a two-camera array at once (at the chip level). The display sizes of both the Pixel 2 and the Pixel XL 2 won’t likely change. There’s no good reason why Google should change the size of the panels – especially since we’re already at a point where our eyes can’t discern anything sharper. The extra-long battery life of the devices as they stand now will be enhanced with Qualcomm’s first 10nm silicon – keeping the display sizes as they are now will only push that battery life further. Expect that Google will reveal both the Pixel 2 and the Pixel XL 2 sometime around October of 2017. At this point there’s no good reason why Google would do anything different. Story Timeline The best Google Pixel XL cases Google Pixel XL Review: Android embodied, for better or worse Google Pixel XL teardown tells its secrets (with HTC) Google Pixel XL VS LG V20 blind camera battle: Test the Best I took Google’s Pixel XL on a photo tour down the Enchanted Highway Pixel XL 32GB back in stock at Google Store Tags AndroidgoogleGoogle PixelhardwarepixelPixel XLQualcommsmartphoneSnapdragon Must Read Bits & Bytes SpaceX launches first rocket since explosion, deploying satellites & landing successfully Nintendo Switch online service: monthly games not really ‘free,’ smartphone-based multiplayer chat Here’s every Nintendo Switch game trailer released so far Andy Rubin created Android: now he’s making the “Essential” smartphone Nintendo Switch: Everything you really need to know Search © 2005-2016 SlashGear, All Rights Reserved. Site Information About Advertise Tip Us Contact Ethics Statement Privacy Policy Terms of Use Archives Social and Media Google+ Facebook Twitter YouTube RSS Feed Popular Topics Android Apple Cars Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Apps Software Wearable Entertainment Science
9to5Mac 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Android Chrome/OS Guides Android Android Wear Android Auto Nexus Chromebook Google Apps Android TV YouTube Trending in Google Corporate Samsung Gear S3 Review: This is the smartwatch of the future we’ve been waiting for… [Video] Trending in Google Corporate NOOK Tablet 7″ Review: Easily the best $50 tablet you can buy this year Trending in Google Corporate Lenovo Phab2 Pro Review: Tango is impressive and awesome, but this device isn’t for everyone [Video] Trending in Google Corporate Opinion: Google’s ‘Magic Minute’ marketing campaign simply highlights that Android Wear is practically useless Trending in Google Corporate Google Wifi Review: A great user-friendly router for your home, even if you buy just one Trending in Google Corporate 9to5Google Gift Guide: These are five affordable Android phone deals to grab this holiday season January 12 GOOG: 806.36 -1.55 Google has cut down its speech recognition error rate by over 30% in the last five years Edoardo Maggio - Jan. 12th 2017 8:29 am PT @northead Google View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit Google, much like most other players in the industry, has made AI one of its absolute priorities. One of the areas where it has been applied is speech recognition, where Google has made significant progress over the past few years… Since 2012, the neural nets Google adopted to help improve its speech recognition system have made its word error rate drop by more than 30 percent. This claim comes from Google’s Jeff Dean, first tweeted out by Mashable’s Karissa Bell, who attended the firm’s AI Frontiers Conference in Santa Clara on Thursday (also confirmed to VentureBeat by a Google spokesperson). The “addition of neural nets” helped profusely, of course, although the percentage drop has not been accompanied by a precise word error rate — the last time the company publicly gave a figure was in 2015, when CEO Sundar Pichai claimed that it was 8%. Back in September, Microsoft announced that its researcher had scored a 6.3 percent mark, while a month earlier Apple told Backchannel’s Steven Levy that Siri’s “error rate has been cut by a factor of two in all the languages, more than a factor of two in many cases”. Guides Google View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options. Post to Cancel
Engadget Login Home Gear Gaming Culture Entertainment Science Video Reviews Public Access Buyer's Guide Log in Sign up Show More Results Engadget 3 related articles Login Jets and mannequin heads: Just another day at Dyson's campus FTC vs D-Link: All bark, no bite The Wirecutter's best deals: The latest 13-inch MacBook Pro drops to $1,300 CES 2017 Everything you need to know from the biggest tech show on Earth See all articles Latest in Gear China tells app stores to register with the government 3h ago View Volkswagen's modern Microbus remake, and more in the week that was 6h ago View Ben Heck's Xbox One S laptop 8h ago View 7 A visual history of gadgets that have burst into flames 10h ago View Image credit: save Save share Amazon's Alexa ecosystem is exploding, for better and worse It's going to be a huge year for Alexa and voice computing in general. Devindra Hardawar, @devindra 01.12.17 in Home Comments 1004 Shares Share Tweet Share Save The Internet of Things still mostly feels like the Internet of Crap, but there's one ray of hope in the connected home on which plenty of companies are jumping aboard: Amazon's Alexa. In particular, I'm talking about the voice-powered ecosystem that's quickly grown around the company's virtual assistant. At CES, we saw Alexa integration in Dish's upcoming Hopper, washing machines and, much to our delight, a dancing robot. It's even heading outside the home: Both Ford and Volkswagen are bringing Alexa to their cars for hands-free commands. In a little over two years, Alexa has gone from being a baffling product (a connected speaker from Amazon, really?!) to an essential feature for any connected device. It's no wonder why. With more than 7,000 Alexa Skills -- what Amazon calls third-party integrations -- it's the most robust voice platform around. And as we move into 2017, you can expect Alexa's capabilities to grow even further. Tech companies are thirsty for a ubiquitous and reliable voice platform, although based on what we've seen at CES, there are signs they may be getting a bit too thirsty. Take LG's new smart refrigerator, for example. It has a giant screen on one of its doors, it can show you what's inside the fridge without opening the door, and, most importantly, it's a full-fledged Alexa device. Like the Echo, it can tell you the weather, add things to your shopping list or tap into any Alexa Skill. It sounds cool on paper, but considering that LG's previous smart fridge launched at a whopping $4,600 last year, we don't have much faith in this one being affordable. And seriously, doesn't it make more sense to shell out $50 for an Echo Dot or $180 for an Echo and put it in your kitchen? What's notable this year is that developers no longer seem afraid to jump on the Alexa bandwagon. Even Mattel is joining in with Aristotle, a $300 device that starts out as a connected baby monitor but grows with your kids as a learning device as well. While Mattel has put together its own voice-powered service to make Aristotle easy to use for kids, it also functions as an Alexa device for adults. It's hard not to notice that the winds have changed for voice-powered computing when you see a major toy company trying to get kids into it. I've written plenty about my love for Alexa. The Echo is still something I rely on daily, especially as its capabilities continue to evolve. At first I started out by asking it the weather and playing NPR; now it can control the lighting in my living room. The smaller Echo Dot has also been a useful addition to my bedroom, where it's connected to an aging Logitech speaker. And now that the Echo Dot is only $50, I'm tempted to get another one for my office. With the Alexa ecosystem growing at a rapid clip, it's worth looking back and considering how Amazon managed to outpace Apple, Google and Microsoft in the voice arena. One reason: It released a device that's primarily controlled with your voice. The Echo doesn't have a screen; you're forced to start talking to it as soon as you set it up. While you can control some aspects of the Echo with your phone (it also works as a Bluetooth speaker), that all feels secondary. Amazon solved a lot of problems with voice commands that have plagued the computing world for years. The Echo uses far-field microphones with built-in noise cancellation to pick up your commands in loud rooms. It's circular, so it works equally well from any angle, and Amazon wasn't afraid to work with third parties to make its Alexa virtual assistant more useful. Also, Amazon was able to focus and improve its voice-recognition capabilities by limiting the Echo to English speakers in the US for its first two years (it only recently made its way to the UK). While Siri, Google Now and Cortana were all available on phones before the Echo, they also rely on less-capable microphones. And it's often easier to simply swipe and tap over to whatever you want on your phone rather than hope and pray your voice command gets picked up. In this respect, Amazon's choice to limit the Echo's input mostly to voice seems even wiser in retrospect. The competition, on the other hand, is still trying to make sense of voice computing. Siri has been notoriously finicky since its release, and Apple also dragged its heels on third-party integration. Google Now long seemed like an experimental feature in Android, only recently evolving into something as consumer friendly as Google's Assistant. Together with the Google Home stand-alone speaker, Assistant might actually give Amazon a run for its money. Microsoft's Cortana has actually been a pretty useful addition to Windows 10, and we're also seeing plenty of companies adopting it as well. But the failure of the Xbox One's Kinect, which was the gateway to Cortana voice commands on that console, and Windows Mobile left Cortana mostly relegated to the desktop. Still, you can expect to see Microsoft's assistant on roads as part of its new connected car platform, which Volvo, Toyota and BMW are looking into. Given that hands-free commands aren't at all new for cars, it only makes sense to see virtual assistants headed there. "We know that voice interfaces have been a part of cars for a long time, primarily to support safe operations," Amazon's Automotive Lead, CJ Frost, told Engadget at CES. "When you look at how easily you can engage -- order a pizza in five to six seconds, check the weather -- it's a very easy, safe and consistent interaction and it adds functionality to the car. You can bring your phone to the car, but depending on how the consumer uses it, it can add a level of risk as well. But finding a way to converse without being distracted, with your hands still on the steering wheel, becomes a positive experience." Both Ford and Volkswagen plan to use Alexa in their cars for the voice commands you already know -- asking for the weather or what's on your calendar -- along with things that are actually useful for driving, such as dealing with navigation. But Frost eventually sees Alexa going even further. "What's big this year is vehicle-to-vehicle communication and data-sharing between cars," he said. "Not an active data sharing or interaction between consumers but cars talking to each other. What happens in the near future when a car can detect snow on the road and tell 15 cars behind it, 'Hey, there's snow on the road'?" Here's one thing we know for sure about voice computing this year: The competition will only heat up. And hopefully, that will make all the offerings even better. Amazon wants to eventually turn Alexa into something like the ubiquitous ship-wide computer in Star Trek, that can answer any question and take care of your every need. There's no guarantee it will be the company to accomplish that, but so far, it's the closest.Click here to catch up on the latest news from CES 2017. In this article: Alexa, amazon, CES, ces2017, culture, Echo, EchoDot, editorial, gadgetry, gadgets, gear, home, internet, virtualassistants, voicecomputing By Devindra Hardawar @devindra Devindra has been obsessed with technology for as long as he can remember -- starting with the first time he ever glimpsed an NES. He spent several years fixing other people's computers before he started down the treacherous path of writing about technology. Mission accomplished? 1004 Shares Share Tweet Share Save Comments Sign In 51m 51m ago in Space Japan's experimental mini rocket launch ends in failure It was supposed to break new ground, but only highlighted problems with the space program. By J. Fingas,  51m ago save Save share View 2h 2h ago in Internet PBS' new kids' channel lets you flip between streams and games Children can take a hands-on approach when passive viewing isn't enough. By J. Fingas,  2h ago save Save share View 3h 3h ago in Mobile China tells app stores to register with the government It's a security measure, but it also enables stricter censorship. By J. Fingas,  3h ago save Save share View 5h 5h ago in Internet Facebook tests fake news filtering outside of the US A trial run in Germany could influence an election and keep Facebook out of trouble. By J. Fingas,  5h ago save Save share View 6h 6h ago in Transportation Volkswagen's modern Microbus remake, and more in the week that was Also, Tesla's Gigafactory is on track to run entirely on solar energy. By Inhabitat,  6h ago save Save share View More Stories From around the web About About Engadget About Our Ads Advertise Brand Kit Contact Us RSS Feed Sections Reviews Gear Culture Entertainment Gaming Science Public Access Video Podcasts Deals Contribute Public Access Send us a tip! Support International Español 繁體中文 简体中文 日本版 Deutschland UK Apps Android iPhone iPad Join Our Newsletter Subscribe Follow Us © 2017 AOL Inc. All rights reserved. Reprints and Permissions Privacy Policy Terms of Use Trademarks Advertise ear icon eye icon text file
skip to main content Site Menu Donate Menu Home News Arts & Culture Bioscience-Medicine Border & Immigration Business Education Environment Government & Politics Technology & Entrepreneurship Texas Classical KPAC Blog Classics a la Carte Performance Saturday San Antonio Symphony World of Opera Programs The Source Texas Matters Texas Standard Fronteras World Music with Deirdre Saravia StoryCorps South Texas HearSA Worth Repeating All Programs Schedules KSTX 89.1 FM KPAC 88.3 FM KTXI 90.1 FM KVHL 91.7 FM KTPR 89.9 FM Events/Initiatives Upcoming And Recent TPR Events Cinema Tuesdays Silver Solutions Think Science Community Calendar Submit a Calendar Event Support Individual Membership Business & Professional Membership Nonprofit Community Partnership Underwriting: Nonprofits Underwriting: For-profits Day Sponsorship Leave A Legacy Vehicle Donation Volunteer Connect Facebook Twitter Instagram Meet Our Staff Contact TPR Sign Up For Our Newsletter Search Menu Home News Arts & Culture Bioscience-Medicine Border & Immigration Business Education Environment Government & Politics Technology & Entrepreneurship Texas Classical KPAC Blog Classics a la Carte Performance Saturday San Antonio Symphony World of Opera Programs The Source Texas Matters Texas Standard Fronteras World Music with Deirdre Saravia StoryCorps South Texas HearSA Worth Repeating All Programs Schedules KSTX 89.1 FM KPAC 88.3 FM KTXI 90.1 FM KVHL 91.7 FM KTPR 89.9 FM Events/Initiatives Upcoming And Recent TPR Events Cinema Tuesdays Silver Solutions Think Science Community Calendar Submit a Calendar Event Support Individual Membership Business & Professional Membership Nonprofit Community Partnership Underwriting: Nonprofits Underwriting: For-profits Day Sponsorship Leave A Legacy Vehicle Donation Volunteer Connect Facebook Twitter Instagram Meet Our Staff Contact TPR Sign Up For Our Newsletter Search San Antonio Pushes Pause on Google Fiber Deployment By Paul Flahive • Jan 12, 2017 TweetShareGoogle+Email Google San Antonio pushed pause on Google Fiber construction Wednesday.  In an email between Sheryl Sculley and San Antonio Mayor Ivy Taylor, the city manager outlined how city staff, council and Google had all agreed on the placement of 17 Google fiber huts. But after completing just two - and receiving neighborhood opposition to their placement - the locations of the remaining 15 are under review and all hut construction has halted. You can read the email exchange here:  Complaints about the the structures size - which are 50-feet by 30-feet - and how it looms large in Haskin Park on the city's Northeast Side coalesced with concerns from neighbors of the proposed residential hut locations.  The Google pause comes after an email from Mayor Ivy Taylor on Monday opposing building in proposed residential areas, calling one placement an "impossible situation." No word yet on how the work stoppage will affect the roll out of the high-speed Internet service. Tags:  technology Google Fiber TweetShareGoogle+Email View the discussion thread. Related Content Where Will Google Fiber's Backbone Be? Here's A Map. By Paul Flahive • Jan 4, 2017 Google Fiber In November, TPR reported on the future of Google's high-speed Internet network in San Antonio. In an update to the City Council, city staff presented a map of the fiber-optic cable route the tech giant was installing. Light on detail, the map left many neighborhood members wondering where the cable would be laid, and how it would impact them. "It's uh...It's a good map, but it's not as detailed as I was looking for," says Douglas Boom. Trump's NAFTA Stance Could Cut Access To High-Skill Labor By Paul Flahive • Dec 28, 2016 Joey Palacios / Texas Public Radio President-elect Donald Trump doesn't like NAFTA. "If they don't agree to a renegotiation, and they might not, then I will submit that America intends to withdraw from the deal," he said at a campaign stop. Listen Listening... / 4:47 © 2017 Texas Public Radio About TPR Support TPR Financial Reports Public Events Calendar Employment/EEO Community Advisory Board Nominations Privacy Policy Contact TPR
menu Login SEARCH facebook twitter linkedin RSS twitter facebook linkedin RSS Login SEARCH Starting Advice Funding Ideas & planning Investing in a franchise Sole trader Work life balance Financing Accounts & tax Alternative finance Banking Government Grants Loans Running Business management Buying and selling Employing & managing staff Export & Logistics Finding and selling to customers Insurance Legal advice Marketing Office & home working Technology News Law Management Opportunities Outlook Blog Q & A Search for: Home » Uncategorized How to get more from your digital strategy in 2017 Guide 12 Jan 2017 Ben Garry explains how you can make 2017 your most effective marketing year yet and how technological changes will affect your business in the months to come. COMMENT A successful digital marketing strategy will look different in 2017 to how it looked in 2016 Ben Lobel Digital marketing in 2017 is a broad field, encompassing an ever-growing list of techniques and practices that can increase your online exposure and turn your target audience into paying customers. Search engine optimisation (SEO) and paid advertising are two well-known aspects of digital marketing, but they are not alone. Content marketing has risen in prominence in recent years, and considerations of PR, conversion rate optimisation (CRO), and a whole lot more should come into consideration for your 2017 strategy. These ideas don’t exist in a vacuum. A successful digital marketing strategy will look different in 2017 to how it looked in 2016. Crafting an effective digital strategy for the new year is not just about knowing which areas to focus on, it’s about knowing why those areas are important now. The dominance of mobile You should be considering mobile presentation and performance in everything you do, from the appearance of your blog to the construction of the checkout page for your new e-commerce site. If your site doesn’t function well on mobile in 2017, you’ll lose out on visibility and the potential for conversions. The dominance of mobile hopefully isn’t news to anyone involved in digital, but that doesn’t mean we’re all great at adapting to our present reality. Make sure your websites work as well on mobile as they do on desktop, and that they are intuitive and easy for mobile users to get around. Even if customers are not converting on mobile, a good mobile experience may lead them to make a purchase on desktop later. Most importantly, you need to consider what your target audience is using their devices for. If you are targeting a younger audience that is spending a lot of time reading quick articles and watching videos on their smart phones, then plan how you’re going optimise your site and your social media channels for that kind of content. If you know your clients are generally using mobile searches to find products in your industry, then make sure then your goal for 2017 should be to perform as well in mobile searches as possible. The paid advertising opportunity While there is a deserved focus on organic (non-paid) channels in the marketing industry, the value and importance of paid channels cannot be ignored as we move into 2017. The organic results for many Google searches are now topped by search features such as paid ads and Google Shopping results that catch a searcher’s eye before anything else. Investing in SEO is important, but you’re missing out if you don’t plan to get your business into those featured spots via PPC investment. Another huge avenue for paid ads that only looks like getting more important in 2017 is social media advertising. Anyone with Facebook or Twitter will have noticed the increase in ads in recent months and years, and businesses are paying good money to increase the exposure that they get. Social ads allow very granular targeting, helping you to pinpoint sections of your target audience with highly specialised ads, thereby increasing your chances of turning them into customers. But don’t spend indiscriminately across all social media sites. Make sure you know where your target audience is most present, and what type of content they engage with the most. While sports fans might love the chance to have their say in a poll on Twitter, film fans might prefer to see a video whilst scrolling on Facebook. The golden trifecta: content marketing, SEO and digital PR Three of the most well-known aspects of digital marketing – SEO, digital PR and content marketing – will most likely retain their importance throughout 2017, even as the lines between them blur more and more. The goal of all three areas is to increase your online visibility, normally with a focus on organic search rankings. Recent developments such as the prominence of Google’s featured snippets (short answers to searchers’ questions pulled out of the organic results), show that Google is increasingly rewarding sites with high quality content. Even as you think about how content and PR might help your SEO efforts, don’t forget to factor in the social engagement potential of a well timed and executed content marketing campaign. If you are able to engage with your audience’s current concerns, or product content that they really like, there is great potential for exposure and traffic through your social channels. As Google becomes better at identifying natural sounding and informative content, and social media’s popularity continues, content marketing and SEO are a business’s way of entering the online conversation. If, however, you fail to engage the conversation’s other participants, you risk being ignored and forgotten. Underpinning your efforts with conversion rate optimisation (CRO) You should be planning paid campaigns and content campaigns to drive traffic for 2017, but don’t forget to pay close attention to the behaviour of visitors once they get to your site. CRO is not new, but its importance cannot be understated in 2017. We live in a digital world where people will leave a website in seconds if it doesn’t meet their expectations, and will abandon a cart moments before checkout if they find a better offer elsewhere. In this kind of environment, being methodical about testing your site in order to optimise it for conversion is critical. CRO involves testing different forms of your website to continuously improve your conversion rate. It is an iterative approach, in which you make regular adjustments and build on what you’ve done before. CRO can underpin all of the other marketing efforts that you’re making to make sure that the traffic you bring to your site turns into paying customers. Thinking creatively My advice for your 2017 digital strategy is simply a starting point covering some of the biggest areas of the digital marketing industry. But your business might not need anything that I’ve mentioned above. There are all sorts of areas that I haven’t had time to discuss, and techniques that will work well in your industry but not another. My final piece of advice for 2017 is that you should be constantly evaluating what your business and your competitors are doing. Don’t be afraid of trying new things, or of stopping new approaches if they’re not working. The most successful businesses this year will be those whose strategies allow them to innovate and adapt to whatever the next 12 months brings. Ben Garry is a digital marketing consultant at Impression. Further reading on digital strategy Top five digital marketing tips for SMEs Related Topics Digital strategy Comments (0) Leave a Reply Cancel replyLogin to comment Prev Next Read More Latest Popular The biggest concern for small businesses is rising costs How the Internet of Things is changing the face of retail Ten financial resolutions for a small business Managing social media in 2017: Moving beyond the static University degree or straight into entrepreneurship: Which is best? Judges announced: British Small Business Awards 2016 Seven great ways of investing as a small business owner Small companies back new prime minister Theresa May Small business grants: How multiple grants helped launch a company Should B2B brands be funny and personable on social media? Keep Informed by email Subscribe I am happy to receive updates and offers from I am happy to receive updates and offers from carefully selected 3rd parties We do not sell or distribute our subscriber details with other companies or individuals for any reason. If you are interested in the details you can read our privacy policy. Products See All How small and medium businesses can take on flexible working Some 57 per cent of employees say the availability of flexible working in their workplace is important to them, according to Sage data. This guide to Sage 200 Online shows why more and more businesses are turning to the cloud. Find Out More Controlling Cash Flow – Learn to master your money Find out how five small businesses met the challenges of raising finance, from drawing up a business plan to securing investment. Complete with expert guides and tips to help you through the process. Find Out More The Vitesse Network Small Business Growth Business Information Age What Investment Growth Company Investor Tax Guide Vitesse Events Vitesse Media Further Information Preference centre Contact Details Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Terms & Conditions About Vitesse Media About this Website Vitesse Media Plc, 14 Bonhill Street, London EC2A 4BX T. 0207 250 7010 © 2017 Vitesse Media Plc © 2017 Vitesse Media Plc Further Information [+]
Search Reviews iPhone Android How To Reviews iPhone How To Auto About Best 11 Best Weight Loss Apps for 2017 Best iPhone 7 Cases Things Apple Watch Can Do Android Galaxy S7 20 Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Cases Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Deals 5 Best Galaxy S7 Battery Cases 8 Best Galaxy S7 Screen Protectors 8 Best Galaxy S7 Edge Screen Protectors 18 Best Galaxy S7 Edge Cases Deals 5 Best Android Smartphones Under $200 [2016] Best Cheap Android Smartphones [2017] Nexus Android 7.1.1 Nougat Problems: 5 Things to Know Adam Mills01/11/2017 The Android 7.1.1 Nougat update fixes a number of lingering problems on Pixel and Nexus devices. It also brings trouble of its own and today we want to take a close look at the state of these new Pixel and Nexus Android 7.1.1 problems as we head into 2017. Advertisement Google’s Android 7.1.1 Nougat update, like the Android 7.0 Nougat update, went through a beta process to help Google wipe out problems ahead of its public release. While Google was able to eliminate bugs and problems, Android 7.1.1 Nougat problems have slipped through the cracks and Nexus/Pixel users are reporting issues with the new version of Google’s operating system. As we push away from the Android 7.1.1 release we’re starting to hear about the issues plaguing those who have downloaded or received the Android 7.1.1 Nougat update from Google. With that in mind, we want to run down the most important things to know about Pixel, Pixel XL, Pixel C, Nexus 6P, Nexus 6, Nexus 5X, Nexus Player, and Nexus 9 Android 7.1.1 problems. Advertisement This roundup takes a look at current state of Android 7.1.1 Nougat problems, offers potential fixes for Android 7.1.1 problems, runs down a list of solid resources, and looks ahead at future bug fix updates from Google. Prepare for Android Nougat Updates Each new Android 7.1.1 Nougat build will be a tempting install for Nexus and Pixel users, particularly those dealing with lingering Nougat problems. These updates have the potential to improve performance on your smartphone or tablet but there’s also a chance they will cause trouble. And that’s precisely why we recommend doing some prep work before you install new software on your device. It’s impossible to predict what you might encounter during the installation process and in the aftermath. Many of you will come out of it unscathed. Others will experience unpredictable problems. This is why it’s important to prepare. Advertisement We’ve put together a step-by-step guide that will take you through the things we do before we install an update from Google. You don’t need to follow every step but you’ll absolutely want to make a backup of your device’s important files before you make the move to the current version of Android 7.1.1. A little preparation will go a long way toward preventing problems and headaches so set aside some time before you make your move. Nexus Android 7.1.1 Nougat Problems Android 7.1.1 fixes lingering Nougat problems but it also brings its own collection of problems to Nexus and Pixel users. Google’s Nexus forums are already filling up with complaints about the new update. Nexus users are reporting download issues, problems with Bluetooth, freezes, lag, call forwarding issues, reception issues, problems with various apps, and a whole lot more. We’re also starting to see complaints about the Nexus 6 Android 7.1.1 update Google recently rolled out. Owners of the aging former flagship are noticing a variety of problems including issues with vibration, notifications, black screens on incoming calls, and issues with sound. Some Nexus 6P users are saying the Android 7.1.1 update bricked their device. These issues are similar to the ones that plagued the Nexus 5X after the Android 7.0 release. A number of Nexus 6 users are experiencing echo when using speakerphone. The issue is beginning to pickup steam on Google’s Nexus forums. Fortunately, Google is aware of the issue and a fix could emerge on the next version of Nougat. We expect complaints about Android 7.1.1 issues to pickup as Google’s OTA process picks up speed in the days ahead. I have seen the battery bug with 7.1.1 first hand. Died about 35% with my Nexus 6 @AndroidDev @android pic.twitter.com/O1sDTX0R58 — Silver Ice Thing (@coolsilver) January 9, 2017 Bluetooth issues I was having with my car are a known bug with Android 7.1.1 and are being tracked on bug #225774. — Marcus Wolfe (@hackerseraph) December 25, 2016 @Android I guess I shouldn't have done that update to 7.1.1 on my 6p. Now the Bluetooth is jacked up — Sean McDonald (@BigMac0608) December 20, 2016 Ugh… if having wifi proxy issues with Android Nougat 7.1.1, please star this! https://t.co/7isqUfhgr4 I searched but found no duplicates. — filipe fernandes (@filotek) December 21, 2016 @GooglePlay isn't letting me download app in @Android 7.1. Tried each solution.Phone is in roaming, but it works in WiFi OR non roaming SIM. — Sourav Das (@sd_016) December 21, 2016 @googlenexus after upgrading to Android 7.1.1 my battery is dying soon. Doze mode almost not working — sujendra nath (@sujendra_m) December 23, 2016 The company’s Pixel forums are also a source of complaints about various Android 7.1.1 problems plaguing both the regular model and the XL. Complaints from Pixel users are similar to the complaints from Nexus users. We’re hearing about Wi-Fi and Bluetooth problems, freezes, occasional lag, issues with reception, download problems, and issues with sound/speakers. We’re also seeing complaints about the camera, Photos app, issues with hotspot, touch screen problems, and more. There’s no guarantee you’ll encounter one of these issues on your device but the potential for problems should be the motivation you need to prepare your smartphone or tablet for the Android 7.1.1 Nougat update. Where to Find Android 7.1.1 Feedback As we push away from the Android 7.1.1 release you’ll want to keep an eye on feedback from fellow Pixel and Nexus Android 7.1.1 users. This feedback will alert you to potential bugs and it’ll help you gauge performance. We’re already starting to see Android 7.1.1 feedback emerge on social media sites like Twitter and Facebook. That’s a great place to look for potential issues and opinions about the Android 7.1.1 update’s performance on your device. @Android the battery life in my Nexus 6p is interesting, 89% – 0% 10mins, 0%-23% with no charging. Stayed at 19% for about an hour. 7.1.1 pic.twitter.com/A8m4va7TaD — John Penny (@Foldupdrjj) December 24, 2016 Google’s Pixel Help Forums, Google’s Nexus Help forums, XDA-Developers, YouTube, and Android-centric forums are also great places to look for feedback. If you’re already dealing with Android 7.1.1 Nougat problems or you’re worried about potential Android 7.1.1 problems, dig into short-term and long-term feedback. We’ll be digging into the Nexus and Pixel Android 7.1.1 updates and its performance so keep an eye out for our impressions. How to Fix Nexus Android 7.1.1 Problems If you’ve already encountered an Android 7.1.1 Nougat problem on your Nexus or Pixel device on your device you’re probably in the hunt for a fix. There are several key resources out there but our list of fixes for common Nexus Android Nougat issues is a great starting point. Our list includes potential fixes for Wi-Fi problems, Bluetooth issues, and other common bugs that typically popup after Google releases a new update. We’ve also put together another guide that will show you how to fix Nexus Android Nougat battery life problems. If you can’t find a fix there, take at Google’s Nexus Help Forums or Google’s Pixel Help forums. There are some very knowledgeable (and polite) people on there. If you’d rather go somewhere else, head over to XDA-Developers, or your favorite Android-centric forum for other potential remedies. What’s Next If you’re unable to find a manual fix you’re probably wondering when Google will roll out its next Nougat update. The company hasn’t confirmed anything but reliable sources indicate the company is planning at least one more bug fix update. That update? Android 7.1.2. The next three quarterly maintenance releases of Android Nougat will be Android 7.1 / 7.1.1 / 7.1.2 — Evan Blass (@evleaks) August 28, 2016 It’s unclear when Android 7.1.2 will roll out but we wouldn’t expect anything to emerge for a few more weeks. Google will also continue to roll out its monthly security updates to Nexus and Pixel devices but there’s no guarantee those will help your performance. The company’s January security update doesn’t have any known bug fixes on board. The company will eventually roll out new bug fixes for Nougat problems but you’ll likely be on your own for the next month or so. 9 Things to Do Before Installing Android 7.1.1 Nougat Get Familiar with Android 7.1.1 Nougat   1 / 9 One of the first things you'll want to do before installing Android 7.1.1 Nougat is to get familiar with the update. Blindly installing Android 7.1.1 Nougat on your device is a bad idea, particularly for novice Android users. If you haven't been following the Developer Preview, now would be a great time to get acquainted with Android 7.1.1 and its various changes. There are many. Some are big and obvious. Others are much smaller and harder to locate.  We've put together a guide that will walk you through Android 7.1.1 Nougat versus Android 7.0 Nougat and Android Marshmallow. If you're coming to 7.1.1 from Android 7.0 Nougat or Marshmallow, and we assume most of you are, this will come in handy.  Google's also outlined many of the update's key ingredients and you can take a look at those right here and right here.  It's in your benefit to dig into the update prior to installing it. This way, you won't be caught off guard by any of the changes.    1 / 9 2 Responses 12/17/2016 ammythomas04 Reply I found a great site that focuses on stay at home mom’s complete guide to gaining a serious amount of money in very little time. While being able to earn an passive income staying home with your kids. If you are someone who needs more money and has some spare time, this site is perfect for you. Take a look at… follow this link…..★★★◕◡◕◕◡◕◕◡◕ ❥❥❥❥❥❥❥ Spacial~Job AtHome. 01/12/2017 PokemonGO Reply Hmm reception issues, that’s actually a pretty tempting upgrade for someone that plays Pokemon GO because you can get an insane amount of walking distance overnight, which my Nexus has already been doing (over 10km in 6 hours). Leave a Reply Cancel Reply Your email address will not be published. Comment Name* Email* Website 27 Best iPhone 7 Cases 01/12/2017 Samsung Galaxy Marshmallow Update Info (2017) 01/11/2017
Breaking News Day at a glance Weather Horoscopes Ireland Download our app Business Download our app World Eight men own same wealth as half the world; one in 10 people live on less than $2 a day A new report has highlighted that the eight richest people in ... Download our app Showbiz U2's Joshua Tree concert tickets on sale today Tickets for U2's Joshua Tree 30 year Anniversary concert in Croke Park go on sale ... Horoscopes Lotto #Discover Odd stories in the news today… A whisky every evening is the key to a long life, according to Britain's oldest living ... Sea lion caught in fishing gear rescued in US A young sea lion was so happy to be rescued ... Watch Russian thrill-seekers 'horseboarding' - it's the latest extreme winter sport It involves snowboarders tethering themselves ... A zoo in Berlin is asking for Twitter's help to name a polar bear cub Got any ideas? Watch the moment a sick seaman is winched to safety in these stormy sea conditions There's been an almighty spillage of paint on a motorway in England These people took flight 666 to HEL on Friday the 13th Download our app Sport GAA Soccer Rugby Golf Racing Other Sports Tech Jobs Property Login Stormont crisis Trump presidency Hospital overcrowding Syria Syrian crisis Android Wear 2.0: Google's next-generation smartwatches are on their way PreviousNext 12/01/2017 - 15:56:44Back to Business Home Android Wear 2.0, the new version of Google’s smartwatch operating system software, will launch in early February. An email has been sent to app developers on the Google Play Store that confirms the upcoming release of the software, as well as encouraging them to ensure their apps are up-to-date for the launch. (Screenshot/Google) Google news site Android Police has published the email, which focuses on apps being able to work in standalone mode – that is, independent of a connection to a smartphone. This feature is one of the key components of Wear 2.0, which Google first announced during its developer conference last year. The update will also feature a dedicated Play Store for Android smartwatches, so users can download apps without needing to do it via a smartphone. The launch of Android Wear 2.0 was originally scheduled for the autumn, but it was pushed back as issues that arose within some preview builds were ironed out. (Screenshot/Google) Google also confirmed to The Verge late last year that the company is planning to introduce two new smartwatches alongside Wear 2.0 as the first devices to run the new software, though little is known about who is making the devices or indeed when they could make their debut. Google is looking to step-up its smartwatch presence following a high-profile end to the year for rival Apple, which introduced the second-generation Apple Watch to positive critical response. However, analysts reported a steep decline in Apple Watch sales at the end of 2016, potentially down to an apparent shrink in demand for wearable products – an issue Google will do well to navigate if and when it does announce new hardware of its own. KEYWORDS: Android Wear, Apple, Apple Watch, Google, Smartwatches, Wearables   send us stuff PreviousNext Want us to email you the top news stories each lunchtime? Join the conversation - comment here House Rules for comments - FAQ - Important message for commenters More in this section Facebook introduces measures to tackle fake news in Germany O’Brien Fine Foods to buy Faughan Foods Theresa May expected to announce UK's exit from single market this week Watch these lucky gamers get first dibs on Nintendo Switch Most Read in Business O’Brien Fine Foods to buy Faughan Foods O’Brien Fine Foods have announced they are to buy Faughan Foods, the cooked meats division of Hogan’s Farm. Theresa May expected to announce UK's exit from single market this week British Prime Minister Theresa May is expected to announce the UK will leave the single market, the customs union and European Court of Justice - unless the European Union agrees to end freedom of movement in a speech on Tuesday. Watch these lucky gamers get first dibs on Nintendo Switch But what do they think of the new console – and the Mario Kart game?! Facebook introduces measures to tackle fake news in Germany Facebook is introducing measures to tackle the spread of fake news in Germany, months before the country holds a national election. Pogba becomes the first Premier League player to get his own Twitter emoji The midfielder unveiled his personalised emoji ahead of the weekend’s big game. World Markets Download our app Landmark Digital Ltd, Company Number 523737, Linn Dubh, Assumption Road, Blackpool, Cork. T23 RCH6 +353 21 4802214 desk@breakingnews.ie News Ireland World Business Tech Weather News Archives Showbiz News Lotto Horoscopes #Discover Main Topics Authors Competitions RSS Sport News Soccer GAA Rugby Other Sports Other Contact Us Send us Stuff Using the Site Licence Our Content Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Cookie Policy © BreakingNews.ie 2017. Subscribe To News Alerts Subscribe Menu Show/Hide Left Push Menu Home Ireland #Discover Showbiz Sport World Weather Business Tech Horoscopes Lotto Other Contact Us Using the Site Licence Our Content Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Cookie Policy
Skip to Navigation Skip to Content IndustryWeek Search: Register Log In Display name or email address: * Password: * Remember me Forgot Your Password? close Subscribe: Magazine Newsletters Store Webinars White Papers Videos Apps Advertise Leadership Change Management Companies & Executives Corporate Culture Corporate Responsibility Growth Strategies Strategic Planning & Execution Global Economy Competitiveness Demographics Emerging Markets Environment Legislation Public Policy Regulations Trade Operations Energy Management Lean / Six Sigma Maintenance Quality Safety Finance Budgeting & Reporting Corporate Finance & Tax Cost Management & BPM Governance, Risk & Compliance Software & Systems Treasury & Cash Management Workforce Compensation Strategies Education / Training Engagement Labor / Employment Policy Recruiting / Retention Teamwork Innovation Intellectual Property Process Improvement Product Development Research & Development Supply Chain Customer Relationships Inventory Management Logistics Planning & Forecasting Procurement Supplier Relationships Transportation Warehousing and Distribution Technology Automation Digital Tools Emerging Technologies Energy Information Technology Machine Tools Robotics Systems Integration Expansion Management Industry Clusters Strategic Siting Resources IW 1000 IW US 500 IW 50 Best US Manufacturers IW Manufacturing Hall of Fame IW Salary Survey IW Best Plants IW Manufacturing & Technology Show IW Best Practices Reports IW Industry Reports Benchmarking Associations Glossary Advertisement Home > Technology > Alphabet Says It Shut Down Titan Drone Internet Project Alphabet Says It Shut Down Titan Drone Internet Project Jan 12, 2017 Bloomberg EMAIL Tweet Comments 0 Project Loon, another X project to beam internet from high-altitude balloons, is still going. Copyright Getty Images Advertisement In 2014, Google and Facebook Inc. vied to acquire Titan Aerospace, a maker of high-altitude, solar-powered drones. Google won the bidding, so Facebook purchased its own company, which was building a huge glider called Aquila. The idea was to beam internet access from the sky to get more people logging on from remote places to access information and probably use both companies’ web services. That soaring vision has come down to Earth with a bump. On Wednesday, a spokeswoman from Google parent Alphabet Inc.’s X research lab said it had shut down Titan. This happened in early 2016, she said, although confirmation didn’t come until earlier today, when technology blog 9to5Google reported the move. The team from Titan was brought into X in late 2015, and the research lab ended its exploration of high-altitude drones for internet access shortly after, the X spokeswoman said in a statement. Popular Now Millennial Retention Needs More Attention Steps Industry Can Take to Reduce Energy Consumption 10 Strategies for Managing Suppliers Facebook has also struggled. Its Aquila drone crashed during a test flight in June, sparking an investigation by the National Transportation Safety Board. That was the latest hiccup in Facebook’s plans to wirelessly connect the world, following an explosion earlier in 2016 that destroyed one of its satellites and political resistance to its free services in India. Alphabet canceled Titan because of economic and technical challenges. Project Loon, another X project to beam internet from high-altitude balloons, is still going. So is Project Wing, an effort to use drones for deliveries, rather than internet service. "By comparison, at this stage the economics and technical feasibility of Project Loon present a much more promising way to connect rural and remote parts of the world," the X spokeswoman said on Wednesday. "Many people from the Titan team are now using their expertise as part of other high flying projects at X, including Loon and Project Wing." Project Wing is facing its own challenges. In the fall of 2016, several Wing employees were asked to find other projects at Alphabet after X pulled back on some of its drone delivery plans. By Mark Bergen Print reprints Favorite EMAIL Tweet Please Log In or Register to post comments. Advertisement Advertisement Related Articles Alphabet's Waymo Cuts Cost of Key Self-Driving Sensor by 90% Alphabet Taps Brakes on Drone Project, Nixing Starbucks Partnership Alphabet Bets Big on Cloud, Shifts Away from Moonshots Google Buys Drone Manufacturer Titan Aerospace Alphabet Joins Drone Tests as US Considers New Rules THE LATEST Ball Corporation: Finding Innovation Everywhere Microsoft Buys Canadian AI Startup Maluuba Dyson Hire From Tesla Stokes Electric Car Expectations Lockheed Tells Trump It Will Lower F-35’s Costs, Create New Jobs Takata, Three Executives Charged in US on Faulty Air Bags China Investors Have Money, Want Biotech and Don’t Fear Trump More Advertisement Manufacturing Leader of the Week Jan 9, 2017 News IndustryWeek Manufacturing Super-Luxury Autos in the US, and Hoping for Karma Points 2 The chief revenue officer of Karma Automotive talks about bringing Fisker electric hybrid designs back from the brink of bankruptcy....More View All Trending on IndustryWeek Why Tax Reduction Will Not Create Jobs Tesla Unveils Pricing Structure for Supercharging Stations 15 Facts That Can't Be Ignored About US Manufacturing Mitsubishi on the Hot Seat as Japan Rethinks Culture of Long Work Hours Meet Leo: King of the 3D Scanners IW Webinars Manufacturing Trends: IndustryWeek/PwC Webinar Series Manufacturing Flash Forward: A Preview of 2017's Top 17 Issues, in 17 Minutes The Additive Cyber Risk of Additive Manufacturing: Six Steps Towards Greater Security in the Supply Chain The Benefits of 3D Printing for Your Business Shift your Labor Strategy to Attract and Engage Top Talent View All Hot Topics Trump and Manufacturing The Changing Automotive Landscape IoT and the Digitization of Manufacturing Skilled Worker Shortage Ask the Expert: Lean Leadership Cloud Computing -- Sponsored by Plex The Connected Enterprise -- Sponsored by Rockwell Automation Industry Intelligence Market Reports Advertisement IW White Papers The Path to Lowest Cost of Ownership with Industrial Automation Systems The Total Cost of Downtime in Industrial Automation The Components of Lowest Total Cost of Ownership with Automation Systems Cross-Sector Success Guide for SCADA Trends in Accelerating Performance Improvements More   Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Sponsored Links Sponsored Links IndustryWeek.com Leadership Global Economy Operations Finance Workforce Innovation Supply Chain Technology Expansion Management Resources Site Features Media Center RSS Sitemap Site Archive Newsletters View Mobile Site IndustryWeek Corporate Contact IndustryWeek Privacy Policy Terms of Service IndustryWeek Brand Guidelines Follow Us Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn RSS Search IndustryWeek.com Search: Industry Week Subscribe Current Issue Past Issues   Related IndustryWeek Sites IW Best Plants Conference New Equipment Digest Business Finance American Machinist Material Handling & Logistics Foundry Management & Technology EHS Today Forging Used Equipment Directory Welding Design & Fabrication Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Copyright © 2017 Penton
New Atlas Lifestyle Science Technology Transport Features Reviews Search Subscribe VR How to set up your Google Daydream View Emily Ferron 8 pictures How to get your Google Daydream View headset up and running in mobile VR(Credit: Will Shanklin/New Atlas)View gallery - 8 images You've just scored a Google Daydream View headset and you have a Daydream-ready phone. Now what? Follow these simple steps to set up your Daydream and get started in mobile VR. 1) Charge the controller The Daydream's wireless controller has decent battery life (up to 12 hours, according to Google) but it probably won't arrive full of juice. Google suggests charging it for two hours before its first use. You'll need a USB-C Type C charger, but unfortunately, the Daydream doesn't come with one. Use your phone's charging cable instead. At this point, all Daydream-ready phones have compatible USB-C chargers (that may change in the future, if any microUSB-sporting phones get Google's certification). The controller has white indicator light blinks while charging; the light stays on continuously once it's fully charged. While you wait, complete the next step. 2) Download the Daydream app The Daydream app powers the whole mobile VR experience. You'll sync the phone with the headset and adjust its settings through the app. It also acts as the Daydream-specific portion of the Google Play store. The Daydream app is available for free from Google Play. Download and launch it, and follow the prompts. When you first fire it up, the Daydream app may ask you to install the latest Android updates and/or set up a form of payment and PIN for your account. You can complete those tasks while the controller is still charging. 3) Adjust the headset straps If you need something else to do while you wait, try on the headset and adjust the straps accordingly. You want the goggles as flush against your face as possible, so it doesn't budge or let in light. For maximum comfort, don't cinch it tighter than it needs to be. If you wear glasses, you should be able to leave them on. According to Google, the Daydream is designed to fit over most frames. 4) Follow Daydream app instructions to pair controller and load your phone Once your controller is charged and your headset's ready to go, take off the headset and start up the Daydream app again. You'll be guided through pairing the controller. If your controller needs any software updates, it will download them now. Once that's done, you'll be given directions for putting the phone in the headset. For best results, wipe the phone display clean beforehand, because the headset amplifies the appearance of dust and fuzz. Next, you'll be guided through a short welcome tutorial. It's worth doing – it's only a few minutes long, and it will save time orienting yourself during gameplay. 5) Download content Danger Goat for Google Daydream Now that you know what you're getting into, download your desired content. It's possible to do this in VR, but we recommend taking off the headset. It's quicker and easier to download directly from your phone. Search the Daydream app for available apps and games and download whatever you'd like. If you need suggestions, New Atlas has rounded up the best Daydream apps and games. It's also possible to download Daydream content directly from the Google Play store. If you go that route, make sure you're downloading Daydream-specific content. Many Android, Cardboard and Daydream apps have similar names, so it's very easy to end up with some unintentional purchases. 6) Dive in Browsing the Daydream library in VR Once your downloads are complete, you'll be able to access them in VR through your Daydream library. To enter VR, launch the Daydream app, then press the blue goggles icon. It will ask you to place your phone in the headset. Once you do, you'll be given a prompt to center your controller. Follow the instructions, and a moment later, you can explore VR. You'll be greeted with a homescreen that shows your recent purchases. From there, just choose your own adventure. Use your controller to select a game, visit the Google Play Store, view the library, or change your settings. By the way – before your first VR excursion, it's a good idea to make sure your surrounding area is clear. You don't want to knock over a coffee or trip over something on the floor while trying to cast a virtual spell. Notes about care & keeping If you're worried about losing track of your controller, stash it in the headset. There's a built-in storage compartment in the lid area. After you've been using the headset for a while, you may wish to clean it. You can remove and wash the soft facepad, which is held in place with velcro. Handwash with warm water and a small amount of mild detergent. Pat it with paper towels, and allow it to air dry out of direct sunlight. Don't wring or compress it, or it will lose its shape. The rest of the headset can be spot-cleaned as necessary. Keep the headset away from materials like Velcro, which can snag and cause annoying loose threads. For more info on Google Daydream View: Google Daydream View review The best Google Daydream games and appsView gallery - 8 images How to set up your Google Daydream View 1 / 8 Tags #How to #Daydream View #Android Daydream #Mobile VR Share this article Post a comment   Over 255,000 people receive our email newsletter See the stories that matter in your inbox every morning Your Email Top stories High-speed video captures rapid viper strikes in the wild Luxury solar yacht is just as spectacular as we anticipated That's not a knot: Scientists tie tightest knot ever 12-inch MacBook case would add ports, power, protection Recommended for you Latest in VR Barack and Michelle Obama lead a VR tour of the White House How to set up your Samsung Gear VR How to set up your Google Daydream View Hands on: 3D audio with Ossic X headphones Taclim boots: Why haptic foot feedback should be a low VR priority Untethering the HTC Vive and Oculus Rift with KwikVR’s wireless adapter Taclim haptic boots were made for VR walkin' Hands-on with HTC Vive's barrier-breaking accessories Lenovo's VR headset is cheaper and more comfortable than Rift and Vive New HTC Vive accessory turns bats and hoses into VR controllers VR’s 2016 arrival party was a low-key gathering Why Google Daydream might beat Gear VR in 2017 Editors Choice The best of the 2017 Detroit Auto Show Compare the latest tech gear The story of the Star Trek fan film that is challenging copyright laws The best of CES 2017 Plaque-busting plants take on Alzheimer's and Parkinson's Used shipping container turned into tiny home for two The fastest cars in history: 1894 to 1914 10 exciting future-focused films coming in 2017 The 50 most valuable scientific documents of 2016 Turning junk into funk: Guitars made from things found around the home Volkswagen resurrects the Kombi as an AWD, autonomous electric minibus Sony's new Bravia OLED TV makes the screen the speaker Over 255,000 people receive our email newsletter See the stories that matter in your inbox every morning Email address Top Home About Contact Privacy Terms & Conditions Advertise Copyright © Gizmag Pty Ltd 2017 Twitter Facebook RSS Flipboard Gizmag is now New Atlas

  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health     Science Money Video Travel Columnists Latest Headlines Science Pictures Discounts My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Will the iPhone 8 be TRANSPARENT? Apple is granted a patent for a see-through display Apple has been granted a patent for a display with openings between pixels These would allow external objects to be viewed through the screen The technology could pave the way for Apple's step into augmented reality By Abigail Beall For Mailonline Published: 11:00 EST, 12 January 2017 | Updated: 11:00 EST, 12 January 2017 e-mail 171 shares 65 View comments Apple's next iPhone could come with a transparent screen, according to a patent granted to the company. The technology could pave the way for Apple's step into augmented reality. The patent also includes an OLED screen - something that has been rumoured from a number of sources to feature on the iPhone 8. Scroll down for video  Apple's next iPhone could come with a transparent screen, according to a patent granted to the company. Stock image of a futuristic transparent phone, pictured IPHONE 8 RUMOURS  Several rumours have been circulating about the iPhone 8, and suggest the next device may have: - Dual-lens 3D camera - Augmented reality to generate real-time views of surroundings - Curved glass casing - Plastic OLED screen - Wireless charging - A folding element - New 5 inch (12.7 centimetre) and 5.8 inch (14.7 centimetre) models - A new 'pure white' model - Aluminum back will be replaced with two reinforced glass panes and a metal frame in the middle  'One or more openings in the display may form a window through which a user of the device may view an external object,' the patent says.  'Display pixels in the window region may be used in forming a heads-up display.' Current features on the phone's face, like the camera, ear speaker and light sensors, could be hidden beneath the screen. This is not the first evidence that points towards the world of augmented reality, that was made popular last year with the rise of Pokemon Go. The iPhone maker is believed to be working with Carl Zeiss on an augmented reality project, which could go on sale this year. The wearable headset would connect wirelessly to iPhones and show information that is superimposed onto a user's view of the real world.  'A Zeiss employee confirmed the rumors that Apple and Carl Zeiss AG are working on a light pair of augmented reality/mixed reality glasses that may be announced this year,' blogger Roberty Scoble wrote earlier this week.  The firm has talked about the project with potential suppliers for Google Glass-style headsets.  RELATED ARTICLES Previous 1 Next iPhone 8 to have stainless steel frame, all glass front and... Get ready for Apple's iWear!  Firm is working with Carl... Apple's iPhone turns 10 today: Here's how the iconic handset... HTC reveals its flagship U Ultra smartphone with AI, two... Share this article Share 171 shares 'Openings in the display may form a window through which a user of the device may view an external object,' the patent says Earlier this week, another rumour surfaced saying the new phone will be designed with a stainless steel forging process that brings together two reinforced glass panels supported by a metal frame. The rumour was first reported by Chinese newspaper DigiTimes, which revealed the new components would be ordered from Foxconn electronics US-based Jabil – firms who worked with Apple in creating the iPhone 4, reports 9To5Mac. 'The metal bezel will be made of stainless steel using a forging process to enhance its sturdiness and reduce costs and manufacturing time,' reports DigiTimes.  THE END OF GOOGLE GLASS  Alphabet discontinued its own wearable glass headset, Google Glass, and closed the social media account linked to the device earlier this year. This ends its attempt to popularise the expensive devices with consumers. The device received plenty of attention when it was launched in 2012, but quickly ran into problems with its awkward appearance and privacy concerns over video recording. Other than giving the iPhone 8 a sleeker design, this move will ensure the glass panels in the front and back hold together. And it should decrease costs by 30 per cent to 50 per cent. Using stainless steel could send the iPhone 8 back in time, as this metal alloy was originally used on the iPhone 4 variants. However, it would also mean this will be one of Apple's strongest smartphones yet. This speculation is consistent with a major rumour – the iPhone could feature a curved OLED, which lets Apple include an edge-to-edge screen. Aside from the rumours regarding the iPhone 8's body design, Apple received a new patent that also points to an edge-to-edge screen. The patent, titled ‘Electronic devices having displays with openings’ describes a method that places electronic components – such as cameras and speakers – underneath the screen. The latest rumour to hit the web comes from an ‘upstream supply chain’ that says the Cupertino company is ditching the aluminium back cover. Instead, it will be designed with a stainless steel forging process .Pictured is an iPhone 8 concept render The patent, titled ‘Electronic devices having displays with openings’ describes a method that places electronic components – such as cameras and speakers – underneath the screen. The openings would be so small they would be ‘imperceptible to the human eye’ According to AppleInsider, the openings on the screen would be so small they would be ‘imperceptible to the human eye’ – resulting in a ‘true edge-to-edge screen’. This setup would also make it possible to add in various sensors inside of the phone that could transmit information across the display. ‘An electronic component may be mounted in alignment with the one or more openings in the display,’ reads the patent filed in February 2015. ‘Signals associated with the electronic component may pass through the openings.’ Apple could be moving forward with this design, as the firm is up against other smartphone makers to design the thinnest and compact smartphone. And the best way to do this is to remove all of the features from the outer areas and hide them underneath the screen ‘The signals may include acoustic signals, electromagnetic signals such as radio-frequency electromagnetic signals, and light.  ‘The electronic component may be a structure that uses light such as a camera, a light sensor, a light-based proximity sensor, a status indicator light, a light-based touch sensor array, or a secondary display that has display pixels that may be viewed through the openings.’ Apple could be moving forward with this design, as the firm is up against other smartphone makers to design the thinnest and compact smartphone. And the best way to do this is to remove all of the features from the outer areas and hide them underneath the screen. The new design will bring together two reinforced glass panels supported by a metal frame. This will allow for an edge-to-edge screen, which is another rumour that has been floating around the web (pictured are artists impressions of the iPhone 8) Just a month after the iPhone 7 hit the market, rumours began circulating about what to expect in 2017. One of these speculations was the handset could feature an all-glass casing. Experts say that the transition from metal to glass casing is key if Apple is to introduce a wireless charging feature in its next iPhone. The rumours were obtained by MacRumours, and come from Ming-Chi Kuo, an analyst at KGI Securities. Mr Kuo is uncertain whether a wireless charger will be bundled with all new iPhones, but is convinced that the feature will appear in the iPhone 8. A metal alloy phone casing could potentially cause wireless charging speeds to be reduced, which is why a glass chassis could be used instead. iOS users may have also heard that there could be three iPhone 8 smartphones to choose from this year – oppose to the traditional two Apple releases every year. IPHONE 7 IN JET WHITE?  When Apple unveiled the iPhone 7 in September, its brand new 'jet black' design sold out in a matter of hours. But it appears that a new 'jet white' version could soon be hitting stores. A video has emerged online which hints at what the white version could look like, if Apple does release such a device. Could this be the Jet White iPhone 7? pic.twitter.com/pHoDiZ63ON— Sonny Dickson (@SonnyDickson) December 27, 2016 Reports of a new white version first appeared in November, when Japanese site, Mac Otakara, suggested that Apple would add a sixth color option to its iPhone 7 line-up. Sources speaking to the website said: 'Apple seems to have a plan to add a pure white model to iPhone 7, iPhone 7 Plus.' The website cited the source as a 'supplier'. 'But this information may be unreliable,' the site added. While no official 'jet white' iPhone has emerged yet, a video has appeared on Twitter which hints at what the device may look like. The post, by Sonny Dickson, a technology leaking site, says: 'Could this be the Jet White iPhone 7?' alongside a video showing an iPhone 7 and an iPhone 7 Plus, both with white casings.  According to Nikkei, there will be one premium model with a curved edge-to-edge OLED display alongside two models that have standard LCD displays. Citing a supply chain source, Nikkei says Apple will release the three iPhones in the following sizes: 5.5 inches, 5 inches, and 4.7 inches. 'Apple has tentatively decided that all the 5.5-inch, 5-inch and 4.7-inch models will have glass backs, departing from metal casings adopted by current iPhones, and Biel and Lens are likely to be providing all the glass backs for the new iPhones next year,' the source said. All three iPhone 8 models will use glass supplied by Biel Crystal Manufactory and Lens Technology in China for both the front and back, However, these rumours say all three of them will be held together with an aluminium frame.  Read more: Apple new iPhone to use forging process for stainless steel frame; adding Jabil as supplier New report supports glass design for iPhone 8, with iPhone 4-style stainless steel frame | 9to5Mac Apple patent paves way for iPhone with full-face display, HUD windows United States Patent: 9543364 Share or comment on this article e-mail 171 shares Most watched News videos Gloria Williams waves extradition for kidnapping Kamiyah Mobley Kitesurfer unaware of great white shark swimming below Disgusting moment cyst puss eruption covers cell phone Enraged kick-boxer strikes husband's mistress NINE times 2017's luckiest man: Pedro Grendene Bartelle win's $3.5m Man takes his cat Weston Sledding in the snow Sheep attack shepherd after being frightened by a car in Germany She's falling for him? Girl gets 'pushed off ledge in prank' video NYPD searching for six teens who beat up a woman in Brooklyn Black PhD student is beaten and cuffed by police Female bullfighter is mounted by young bull Legal implications for Gloria Williams who kidnapped Kamiyah Mobley 'Liberal snowflake' Hollywood stars come under fire for... US Army soldier based at Fort Hood is found dead - making... Opera star Andrea Bocelli backs out of singing at Trump's... Did she know? Cops says teen suspected she was kidnapped as... Reunited at last! Teen meets her biological parents for... Meghan meets Kate: Prince Harry 'has introduced his... You're hired: Two soldiers do their best Donald Trump and... 'I was in a bathrobe NAKED underneath and they pushed me... Did D.B. Cooper work for BOEING? New analysis found on... Zoe Saldana says 'cocky and arrogant' Hollywood actors... 'I'm not talking about pee-pee': Alec Baldwin mercilessly... Full-time royal Prince William will do LESS than his father:... MOST READ NEWS Previous Next ● ● ● Comments (65) Share what you think Newest Oldest Best rated Worst rated  View all The comments below have not been moderated.  View all The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline. We are no longer accepting comments on this article. Who is this week's top commenter? Find out now More top stories Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail Download our iPhone app Download our Android app Today's headlines Most Read First came Fitbit exercise trackers for humans... now 'Fitbark' claims to be the way to get your FAT FIDO... The MEGASHARK died out because it was a picky eater: Researchers say megalodon was unable to change its diet... Our microbe ancestors revealed: Scientists may have finally found where complex life came from What Earth will look like in 250 million years: Simulations show new MEGACONTINENT called Amasia... Incredible images reveal how eruptions from Alaska's Bogoslof volcano have transformed the island in just... Is this how the dinosaurs REALLY died out? Researchers reconstruct the dark and frozen conditions on Earth... Screen time is GOOD for teen brains: Why 257 minutes is the 'sweet spot' before computers damage mental... What's REALLY in your sushi? Study finds almost half of fish are mislabeled in restaurants Can YOU recognise cities around the world just by sound? Fascinating interactive quiz may baffle even... Want to stick to your New Year resolutions? Move house, say scientists  Breakthrough in fixing a broken heart: Researchers use stem cells to regenerate the outer layer of organ in... SpaceX finances 'on a knife edge' following disastrous rocket explosion - and Elon Musk is relying on... Android inventor Andy Rubin to take on Apple and Google with new smartphone and 'home AI' products ISIS is increasingly modifying home drones to drop bombs - and US troops say they now see them in Mosul... Space mountain: Astronaut shares stunning out of this world shot of the Rockies from the ISS MORE HEADLINES The biggest storm in the universe: Stunning new NASA image reveals Jupiter's 'great red spot' megastorm in unprecedented detail Incredible images reveal how eruptions from Alaska's Bogoslof volcano have transformed the island in just two decades Is this how the dinosaurs REALLY died out? Researchers reconstruct the dark and frozen conditions on Earth after asteroid megastrike The MEGASHARK died out because it was a picky eater: Researchers say megalodon was unable to change its diet after its favourite whales died out Is it really worth paying £280 for the Switch? MailOnline gives its verdict on Nintendo's latest console ISIS is increasingly modifying home drones to drop bombs - and US troops say they now see them in Mosul every DAY Our microbe ancestors revealed: Scientists may have finally found where complex life came from You've been feeding your cat wrong: Scientists say you should give it food 5 TIMES a day to stop it getting fat The terrifying moment a rattlesnake attacks a rat is captured in slow-motion for the first time Breakthrough in fixing a broken heart: Researchers use stem cells to regenerate the outer layer of organ in groundbreaking research Did complex life come from BACTERIA? Researchers say virus infections could have sparked them being reprogrammed to become animal cells Want to stick to your New Year resolutions? Move house, say scientists  MOST READ IN DETAIL     Femail Today PICTURE EXCLUSIVE Kourtney Kardashian, 37, wears a sheer bra for late-night rendezvous with former flame Justin Bieber, 22 The May-December duo Bikini-clad Billie Lourd holds hands with Taylor Lautner on sunshine break after the death of mother Carrie Fisher In mourning for her mother and grandmother PICTURE EXCLUSIVE Kristin Cavallari relaxes in a bikini as she hires a yacht to celebrate Jay Cutler's 30th She has three young children Looking bootyful! Kim Kardashian shows off her shapely rear in a form fitting white dress in Dubai She's officially back at work Revealed: Kim Kardashian told police how masked thug grabbed her while she was NAKED under bathrobe during $10m Paris robbery  Church time! Gwen Stefani, 47,  is a model mom in plaid as she attends worship services with her three sons Quality family time One piece wonder! Kelly Bensimon, 49, flaunts her figure in sexy black one piece with hip side cutouts Proves you don't need a bikini to look sexy Getting pizza all over her frock, 'shooing away' a waitress and interrupting interviews: Nicole Kidman's 'bizarre behaviour' at the Golden Globes revealed Katie Holmes and daughter Suri don floral ensembles to shop for groceries The 38-year-old actress filled her shopping cart with essentials  'Mariah's filled with regret over James': Carey has 'reached out' to ex-fiance Packer to help her brand recover after New Year's Eve lip-syncing saga Katy Perry debuts dramatic blonde dye-job as she surprise Orlando Bloom with a secret 40th birthday bash in Palm Springs Surprising her beau  Prince George 'WON'T attend the same school as his father as Kate and William opt for smaller, more discreet pre-prep closer to Kensington Palace'  Elizabeth Hurley, 51, looks incredibly youthful in blue midi dress with cross-shoulder detail as she attends Milan Men's Fashion Week Wowed in Italy  'I don't want to be at the center of attention': Amanda Seyfried opens up about her upcoming wedding to Thomas Sadoski as she stuns on Vogue Australia cover Packing up! Anti-Trump protesters plan demonstration outside the New York City home of Ivanka Trump and Jared Kushner to 'Help Ivanka Move'  'I will be ok!' Priyanka Chopra updates fans on Twitter after dangerous fall on Quantico set left her with concussion Was hospitalized after nasty incident  Ariana Grande showcases her slender pins in sexy Instagram to promote her Dangerous Woman Tour Shared the sultry shots on social media  Ronnie Wood's twin girls, their mother and Emma Bunton join Geri Horner for her baby shower  Star-studded showing at the ex-Spice Girl's party 'I'm a human vacuum cleaner!' Jessica Biel jokes she survives on son Silas's leftovers by 'shoveling the last few bites off his plate' It's all she gets! Meghan meets Kate: Prince Harry 'has introduced his girlfriend to Duchess of Cambridge at Kensington Palace'  Also met Charlotte  Want some presidential neighbors? House just one block away from the Obamas and Ivanka's future homes in a DC suburb hits market for $5.75m Hello YELLOW! It lit up the red carpet at the Golden Globes and Emma Stone's dress in La La Land made quite a splash, now you can brighten your wardrobe Are Ellen DeGeneres and wife Portia de Rossi moving to Australia? Talk show host and actress request an inspection of a $5.8  mansion down under 'No greater blessing than family!' Ciara's boy supports stepdad Russell Wilson's team... while his birth father Future backs the other side Prince William will give up his career as a helicopter pilot to become a full-time royal - but still won't do as much as his 68-year-old father  Wet 'n' wild! Alessandra Ambrosio displays her flawless physique in very tiny black bikini as she enjoys a dip in the sea in Brazil The Queen and Prince Philip are joined by Lord Snowdon's son as they attend church at Sandringham - just two days after the royal photographer's death Moving Swift-ly on? Giggling Tom Hiddleston is spotted bidding farewell to a mystery brunette during evening stroll back in London Taylor Swift's ex My nerve-shredding odyssey to adopt my little girl: As Nicole Kidman's new movie highlights India's orphanages, one mother shares her story 'I'm not talking about pee-pee': Alec Baldwin mercilessly mocks Trump over Russian golden shower scandal with stream of bathroom humor jokes on SNL Zoe Saldana says 'cocky and arrogant' Hollywood actors 'bullied' Donald Trump during the election Words of support from the actress  Wrestling legend Jimmy 'Superfly' Snuka dies aged 73 days after murder charge was dropped over death of his ex-girlfriend  He had stomach cancer 'He wants to be emperor': How Mark Zuckerberg 'quotes Greek legend' to Facebook staff as friends say he is primed to run for president in 2024 'People need to see a new side to pregnancy': Pregnant lesbian hits out at online bullies who criticized her for looking 'masculine' and wearing 'boy clothes'  How to dress like a grown up: Dry January should apply to clothes shopping too!  Your wardrobe is a team - all items must work together to survive 'She is smitten': Amber Heard said to be besotted with billionaire Elon Musk... as she prepares for 'new chapter' following Johnny Depp divorce 'We are beautiful the way we are': Photographer captures images of 40 'real' women in their underwear in bid to change perceptions  Dressed down Kylie Jenner giggles as she enjoys a night out at a burger joint with boyfriend Tyga Kylie proves she's a cheap date PJ-clad Jessica Alba kisses husband Cash Warren at his birthday bash The 35-year-old Golden Globe nominee puckered up Making a stellar appearance! Nicole Richie snuggles up in star-spangled unicorn onesie at pyjama party Celebrating Cash Warren's 38th birthday  'Pajama jammy jam!' Kourtney Kardashian cuddles up to Kim's bestie Chrissy Teigen at Cash Warren's star-studded PJ party Best of friends Lawyer turned Instagram star Pia Muehlenbeck's hilarious shots reveal what REALLY happens when models try and get the perfect beach shot  How to look as good as the French in lingerie: The secret's a whole new way of thinking about your body shape  In Paris, lingerie is not just underwear  A royal faux pas? The Crown's Matt Smith spotted smoking 'suspicious looking cigarette' outside a London pub while on a night out with pals  Amanda Seyfried shows off her bump in a grey sweater on outing with fiancé Thomas Sadoski She confirmed her first pregnancy in November 'Back in action': Yolanda Hadid shares behind the scenes shot as she joins daughter Gigi on Tommy Hilfiger shoot Sneak peek 'Spray tan lyfe!' Ashley Graham strips down to her bikini as she flaunts her freshly tanned figure The plus-size stunner is a positive body image activist Celebs celebrate the closure of Ringling Bros. circus with PETA activist Pamela Anderson claiming victory that the 'saddest show on earth' is finishing after 146 years   Couples reveal what changed most after they moved in together (and their sometimes bizarre ways of making their relationships work)   She's back! Kim Kardashian is her old self again as she sits astride a buggy and poses with a falcon on Dubai modelling shoot Posing up a storm It's Kueen Kim! Kardashian is treated to a dance display as she gets the royal welcome in Dubai She is doing a make-up tutorial in the Middle East Lewis Hamilton turns heads in bright yellow hoodie while arriving at LAX... as Mercedes is set to clarify its position on Valterri Bottas' proposed switch  Always camera ready! Jennifer Lopez turns shopping trip into a modelling shoot as she poses against a wall  She's always camera-ready Tamara Ecclestone shares cute pictures of her daughter Sophia, 2, showing off her skiing skills before enjoying a pony ride in Gstaad F1 heiress Nip and tuck with Dr Tracy Mountford: Is there such a thing as a non-surgical eyelift?   Often, a surgical eyelift or a brow lift (or a gives the most long-lasting result Three generations of Beckham! David returns to Old Trafford with son Cruz and dad Ted as the trio watch Manchester United take on Liverpool Soccer game outing 'Disclaimer: I am not Deadpool!' Meet the OTHER Ryan Reynolds, a 29-year-old mayor of a tiny village in upstate New York He's not the actor Beefcake in Milan! Paris Hilton cosies up to muscle-bound models at Plein Sport runway show The reality TV icon turns 36 next month PJ-clad Jessica Alba plays beer pong at husband Cash Warren's birthday bash The 35-year-old Golden Globe nominee shared a clip Bare-faced beauty! Chloe Moretz keeps it casual in ripped sweatshirt and leggings The 19-year-old actress proved she doesn't need make-up or fancy clothes How YOU can shift your midlife middle! FEMAIL meets the trainer who says she has the secret, especially if you hate the gym, and promises results in SEVEN days Judy Garland slashed her own throat with a razor in the grip of chronic drug addiction, reveals her ex-husband  Sid Luft once found her semiconscious Anguish for George Michael's family as police hunt for more visitors to star's home before his death and former lover reveals addiction to COCA-COLA 'You just don't feel sexy!' The Hills star Audrina Patridge dishes on her love life after birth of baby daughter Kirra Motherhood secrets Brad Pitt looks relaxed as he hangs out with Sting and Chris Cornell at star-studded EB disease benefit in Malibu Saturday night in California 'Do you love her and do you know she wants to marry you?' How President Obama's advice for marital bliss brought together two grooms  Thrill seeker! Ariel Winter squeals with delight as she takes her niece to Disneyland on her sixth birthday She was treating her niece to a day out Wealthy Chinese and Russian couples snap up replicas of Princess Diana's sapphire and diamond engagement ring  Orders have soared Plaid to see you! Pregnant Natalie Portman covers her large baby bump in a stylish checked jacket as she goes for leisurely park stroll Hunky dory: Hollywood heartthrobs Chris Hemsworth and Matt Damon catch up over dinner in LA with Chris' wife Elsa Pataky Outside LA's Catch  He doesn't do things by halves! Rocco Ritchie can't contain his laughter as he breaks his skateboard in two while out and about in London Mariah Carey sports plunging LBD as she and toyboy Bryan Tanaka step out in London Has been enjoying time across the pond and a break from social media How Melania Trump dazzled her way to the (very) White House: Glamorous Slovenian has been rehearsing for years to become America's First Lady 'Thanks Uncle Snoop!' Miley Cyrus poses by a marijuana bar at weed-themed birthday party for boyfriend Liam Hemsworth Was a 'joint' shindig  Some helping hands! Blac Chyna heads to the mall with TWO nannies to help look after son King Cairo and baby Dream Family shopping trip  Kim Kardashian's former bodyguard breaks his silence on Paris robbery and says he's 'not avoiding anything' about the heist or WHY he was sacked Blac Chyna in the red? Star threatened with lawsuit for $3million in 'unpaid fees' as 'longtime managers' claim she 'cut them out' of lucrative deals Bottoms up! Kirsten Dunst flaunts her toned pins and perky derriere in skintight denims as she hides her jaw-dropping engagement ring in LA 'Observe the moment you feel truly happy': Chloe Lattanzi pens inspirational quote while flaunting cleavage after $415,000 Barbie doll transformation Heard what James said? Pierce Brosnan looks stern during press conference... after chatshow host Corden labels him 'rudest' celebrity Lindsay Lohan cuts a chic figure in a quirky dog print co-ord as she enjoys a night out with a male friend in Milan   With Italian reality star Tommaso Zorzi Spellbinding! Jessica Biel shows off her shapely legs in cut-out skirt as she attends premiere party for Just Add Magic Married to Justin Timberlake Love is in the air! Matthew McConaughey looks casually cool in a stylish camel coat as he and wife Camilla Alves jet over to New York City At the airport Christina Milian flaunts her ample cleavage in a saucy ensemble as she parties with BFF Karrueche Tran Heading out to Bootsy Bellows on the Sunset Strip Piers Morgan will interview former Ukip leader Nigel Farage on Life Stories... and declares that it will be the 'best TV' viewers have ever seen Fun for all the family! Vanessa Paradis and new boyfriend Samuel Benchetrit appear downcast as they take Lily Rose Depp for a day of shopping in Paris Run Daniel, run! James Bond star Craig makes a dash for it through the busy streets to make it to the New York Theater in time for his performance in Othello 'Happy birthday, Uncle!' Chris Hemsworth's four-year-old daughter makes a cute card for uncle Liam as the actor celebrates turning 27  Messages poured in  Lily James cuts a concerned figure as she talks on the phone...after boyfriend Matt Smith is spotted 'smoking suspicious cigarette'  Downton Abbey actress Suki Waterhouse flaunts her tanned and toned physique in a skimpy bikini as she jogs along the beach in Mexico Went for a run Young model admits Crohn's disease has 'torn apart' her life - as she says the debilitating illness has caused her to lose her social life, car and even her career Tina Fey pays tribute to Carrie Fisher as she appears in hologram form on Saturday Night Live Admits she was 'nervous' about the gig Lisa Rinna, 53, sizzles in skintight leather trousers alongside her model daughter Delilah, 18, as they dine in LA The former Days Of Our Lives actress  Victoria Beckham 'takes legal action to block Spice Girls reunion'... as Geri Horner announces she's leaving GEM to focus on her family Woman in white! Zoe Kravitz keeps it crisp at Elle's Women in Television event as she displays her svelte figure in an all-white ensemble from tip to toe Sylvester Stallone's daughters Sophia, 20, and Sistine, 18, sizzle in black ensembles alongside their mother Jennifer at star-studded Dolce & Gabbana party Candace Cameron Bure showcases new darker auburn locks in plunging gown at Hallmark party The actress showcased her stunning new hair  'Falcons got Future!' Ciara's ex pops up on the sidelines as her husband Russell Wilson plays losing NFL game A photo emerged on Twitter  'He's our little mascot': Dev Patel reveals the close bond he developed with eight-year-old Sunny Pawar on the set of Lion  Lot of love Orange you glad she came! Shailene Woodley sizzles in vibrant statement coat at star-studded Elle's Women in Television bash Make-up free Kate Hudson bundles up in all black with red cap as she steps out with Kurt Russell in Beverly Hills Almost Famous star opted for comfort  Progress report! Justin Bieber checks in on protégé Madison Beer over dinner at trendy Catch LA The Baby singer wore a Supreme sweatshirt 'It's an uphill struggle': Sienna Miller reveals she hasn't filmed a movie for a year claiming there 'aren't many great roles for women' White hot! Hailey Baldwin shows off her taut tummy wearing white mesh in stunning retro swimsuit shots Flaunted her fabulous physique  Julianne Hough puts her abs on display in red sports bra as she and brother Derek hit the gym Are a pair of very toned siblings  Classic colors! Reese Witherspoon and Nicole Kidman shine in black and white ensembles at Elle's Women in Television celebration Stunned in black  Pajama party! Chrissy Teigen and John Legend rock ridiculous chicken themed onesies in hilarious snaps Couple showed off their outlandish get-ups  'Good luck daddy' Tom Brady shares a sweet kiss with his daughter ahead of critical Patriots game His own little good luck charm  Smitten by the fantasy castle in Kate and Wills' Alpine playground: Why this gorgeous 'palace-rated' hotel in glitzy Courchevel is the stuff of dreams From Hollywood to Bollywood! Ruby Rose reveals she has ambitions to cut it in Asian market New film xXx: Return of Xander Cage is out 'My babies': Blac Chyna cuddles up to newborn daughter Dream and King Cairo in sweet Instagram video Shared the endearing clip with her fans Another baby on the way! Jeff Goldblum, 64, is expecting second child with wife Emilie Livingston, 33 Pair announced exciting news on Instagram  EXCLUSIVE: Shock for Harry's girl: Meghan Markle's BROTHER is arrested and charged with holding a gun to his girlfriend's head 'in violent, drunken row' Pink throws daughter Willow Sage celebratory 'big sister party' as she lovingly cradles newborn son Jameson Moon Opera star Andrea Bocelli backs out of singing at Trump's inauguration after receiving death threats Was rumored to be one of the acts performing  Spot the rock! Kate Mara flashes ring as it emerges she is engaged to Fantastic Four co-star Jamie Bell The band was glinting on her left hand  'I wish R.I.P. meant Return If Possible': Celine Dion unveils powerful new a cappella song in tribute to late husband Rene one year after his death 'HAPPY Z DAY'! Taylor Swift celebrates Zayn Malik's birthday by teasing their Fifty Shades Darker music video Sneak peak Khloe Kardashian's trainer spills the secrets to getting the reality star's enviable body - including countless squats, 'sled pushing' and intense boxing Fierce fashion instincts! Mandy Moore rocks chic animal print gown at Elle's Women in Television honors Joined ladies of the small screen Seeking comfort from her sister! Bella Hadid visits Gigi in snowy NYC after her ex The Weeknd is spotted kissing Selena Gomez Supportive family unit 'Grooming day!': Jenna Dewan Tatum shows off flawless make-up free face during futuristic-like skin session Has radiant skin 'Current mood': Naomi Watts shares flashack photo of herself as a bored schoolgirl in Brides of Christ as she complains about being on set past midnight  Back in a skintight minidress! Kim Kardashian is curvy in a cream number as she continues touring Dubai after $1,600 makeup masterclass Selena Gomez and The Weeknd's romance didn't break the friend code with Bella Hadid... because 'they're only acquaintances' Did she break the rules? Pretty in pink! Lindsay Lohan steps out in sexy silky ensemble in Milan The 30-year-old former wild-child was spotted looking pretty in pink as she left her hotel in Italy Girls' shopping trip! Katie Holmes takes daughter Suri Cruise to children's clothing store in LA Spent some quality time with her children  Channing Tatum and wife Jenna Dewan coordinate in baseball hats with jeans while running errands with daughter Everly, three Enjoyed family time  'Revenge Body? It's a no from me': Young woman who battled an eating disorder for six years says Khloe Kardashian's new show is 'a step backward'  Lamar Odom says the first he knew of his near fatal drugs overdose was waking up to find Khloé Kardashian at his side in hospital Scary realization  Fits like a glove! Viola Davis stuns in form-fitting teal dress during the London preview of Fences Golden Globe winner can command attention Back to where it all began! Megan Marx and Tiffany Scanlon confirm they are moving to Bali together as they reveal their unusual packing list PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Victoria Beckham wraps up in winter white polo neck as she enjoys girly day shopping with daughter Harper Returned from vacation 'She was her enemy': Elizabeth Taylor 'disliked' Sophia Loren as she feared the siren could steal love Richard Burton away, new book claims One Direction's Louis Tomlinson praises former bandmate Zayn Malik as he wins two nominations at 2017 BRIT Awards Richard Gere and longtime friend the Dalai Lama are spotted in deep conversation in India on the final day of religious event Kalachakra She's back! Mandy Moore returns as Rapunzel in new Tangled: Before Ever After trailer Sneak peak for the sequel released  'I don't apologize': Toby Keith defends his decision to perform at Donald Trump's  inauguration... as Jennifer Holliday backs out Mad about plaid! Melissa McCarthy, 46, shows off thinner frame in bright pantsuit as she reacts to Gilmore Girls' shocking conclusion Press tour  Susan Sarandon looks chic in all black as she attends panel for docu-series Killing Richard Glossip  Hit the stage as part of the panel  Blushing beauty! Karrueche Tran shows off feminine style in pleated dress as she joins Claws co-stars at the TNT TCAs Stunning shape  Getting ready for Washington DC! Caitlyn Jenner grabs a coffee as she prepares for her appearance at Donald Trump's inauguration Rocked a knitted top Celebrities come under fire from Trump supporters for 'pathetic' and 'uncool' video singing 'I Will Survive' before the Donald's inauguration Move over sisters! Kendall Jenner steals the Kardashian spotlight with racy HEADLESS bikini selfie that forces followers to check out her body Covered up for a change! Ariel Winter dresses down in casual white tee to take care of morning chores Took a step back from her provocative snaps  GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Harry and Meghan are set to slope off for a romantic break... but poor old William may miss his Alpine adventure with Kate  Knowles... Run The World!  Beyonce and Solange go will compete for Best International Female Solo Artist 2017 BRIT Award Sisters are slaying! Sofia Richie flaunts lace bra and washboard abs in coordinated tracksuit as she attends Moschino Milan fashion show with Paris Hilton Partying up a storm  Victoria's Secret supermodel Karlie Kloss is heading back to Australia as it's announced she will make her runway debut for David Jones So Royals do carry cash - and wear on-trend trainers! Duke of Kent, 81, withdraws wads of notes from an ATM near his Kensington home  Revealed, Lulu's guilty pleasure... HEAVY METAL: Scottish pop icon plans to unleash her inner rock goddess  She's even considered the different career path Kelly Rowland is relaxed in jeans and a sweater as she totes son Titan during lunch outing in Beverly Hills She is set to be a judge on The Voice Australia  How DID photographer Harry Benson get Donald Trump to look like a million dollars and make monkeys out of The Beatles? By being the original... Flash Harry LIZ JONES: Trust me Madonna, Cheryl and Wendi Deng, you'll NEVER find true love with a toy boy  Madonna's new toy boy, , is 32 years her junior. 'I did advise': Brian Blessed warned George Lucas about Jar Jar Binks when filming Phantom Menace... and insists Alec Guinness did not hate Star Wars Mark Hamill reads Donald Trump tweet using The Joker voice in hilarious audio clip after Meryl Streep Golden Globes speech Why so serious, Don? Date night! Ireland Baldwin holds hands with boyfriend Noah Schweizer in West Hollywood while showing off her long legs in mini skirt From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more GADGET REVIEWS Is it really worth paying £280 for the Switch? MailOnline gives its verdict on Nintendo's latest console While the design is impressive and easy to use, the game line up is disappointing. Google's Daydream: The $79 headset that could bring VR to the masses Google's $79 headset is superb in terms of hardware - but is currently let down by a lack of apps. However, it has absolutely huge potential to finally bring VR to the masses. Welcome Home: Google's $130 smart speaker Google's smart Home speaker still has a lot of learning to do, and loses out to Amazon's Echo in some areas - but has incredible potential 'Not quite an iPhone replacement': Google's Pixel phone Google's Pixel handset is good, and boasts an amazing camera and smart assistant. It's the king of the Android handsets - but still not great. Xbox One S review: Console that will make your 4K TV shine Microsoft's Xbox One S has shrunk the giant console by 40%, and is stunningly designed console with 4K HDR capabilities - but comes with some caveats. The $1,000 wireless speaker that really IS worth the price: Naim Mu-so Qb review Naim's incredible Mu-So Qb takes you back to the good old days - where the music captivates and enthralls, rather that simply being something in the background. The hi-tech $2,000 spin bike that really could change your life Peloton's hi-tech bike lets you stream live and on demand rides to your home - and it's one of the best examples of fitness technology out there - at a price. Apple's new 9.7inch iPad Pro is a powerhouse you can take anywhere Apple has added a few improvements to the smaller version, creating a tablet that is astonishingly powerful, but, unlike its big brother, is something you'll be able to carry everywhere. A familiar old friend that could be the perfect starter phone: Dailymail.com's verdict on the iPhone SE The new iPhone SE has a 4inch screen and familiar design - but has had a huge upgrade on the inside, making this a perfect first time iPhone. Speaker that looks as good as its sounds: B&W Zeppelin Wireless review It's not cheap, but the $699 (£500) Zeppelin Wireless is perfect for the design conscious music fan. The iPad grows up: Apple's iPad Pro The iPad Pro is, for many, a real laptop replacement - and a way to combine work and play in a gadget that will last all day and won't break your back to carry. 'A glimpse into the future of the living room': The new Apple TV Apple says apps are the future of TV, and while its new $149 box does have some issues, its combination of streaming services, games and other apps make it the best way to make your TV smart. The best all in one wireless speaker you'll ever hear: Naim Mu-so review It might not be a name familiar to the US market, but Naim is a legendary British brand hoping to make a splash with the American launch of its $1499 Mu:So speaker. From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more Download our iPhone app Download our Android app Next story Mice are transformed into aggressive 'zombie' hunters after scientists flick a killer switch in their brains 44 comments 1 video SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
9to5Google 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Mac iOS AAPL Guides iPhone iPad Apple Watch Apple TV Mac Apps Community Cashback/Fix Cash Back Fix Trending in Apple Opinion: Does Apple need to make an Amazon Echo/Google Home speaker, or just make Siri better? Trending in Apple 10 years on, how the iPhone changed our lives, reactions from the 9to5Mac team Trending in Apple Apple’s AirPods and the best cord-free competition compared Trending in Apple 2017 & Beyond: What’s next for Mac, and what of its longer-term future? Trending in Apple Comment: OWC’s ‘DEC’ attachment highlights the portability progress Apple has made with the MacBook Pro Trending in Apple Opinion: Why the LG 5K UltraFine isn’t the MacBook Pro display I’m looking for January 12 AAPL: 119.25 -0.50 Opinion: Does Apple need to make an Amazon Echo/Google Home speaker, or just make Siri better? Ben Lovejoy - Jan. 12th 2017 7:43 am PT @benlovejoy Feature Opinion Siri View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit There has been speculation that Apple may be planning to build its own home speaker device to compete with the Amazon Echo and Google Home, with some expressing the view that Apple is already late to the party. But does Apple need to compete in this space, when it arguably already has its own version of Echo or Home? The one that’s either on your wrist or in your pocket … Each approach has pros and cons, of course. A speaker provides more convenient access. If you want to switch on your lights or ask a question or play some music, you have only to speak and the always-listening speaker will respond. No buttons to press, nothing to pick up, just speak. And it can be used by anyone in your home. But unless you’re going to lay out the cash for one speaker per room (which isn’t cheap with either Amazon Echo or Google Home), a speaker only works in limited areas of the home. If you have an Apple Watch, you have convenient access to Siri anywhere in the home. Without a Watch, things are more finely balanced. If you keep your phone in one room at home, it’s not really any different to a speaker. If you carry it in your pocket, you can pull it out to use it in other rooms, but it’s less convenient in the living room. I suspect much of it may come down to the type of household makeup. For couples who both own a Watch, that’s going to win out almost every time; if you have a larger family, especially one where not everyone owns an Apple device, a speaker or two makes far more sense. However, there’s also the security issue of an always-listening device. While both Amazon and Google say that recognition of the trigger-word happens locally, and only then is speech passed to the cloud to decode the rest of the command, not everyone will be happy with a device that could potentially eavesdrop on everything said in the home. Some have suggested, for example, that a government agency could get a court order requiring Amazon to set your Echo to listen at all times and effectively use your own speaker as a wiretapping device. While the average consumer may have no concerns about criminal investigations, if that capability does indeed exist then there is the obvious risk that the functionality could be internally misused or externally hacked. While some describe Echo and Home as more capable than Siri, able to understand and act on a wider range of requests, that’s an argument for Apple to make Siri smarter, not one for the company to start building speakers. Indeed, it could be argued that an Apple speaker that can be used by anyone in the home would reduce demand for the Watch or additional iOS devices, as one device would serve multiple people. However, if Apple were to adopt the speaker approach, it seems to me that there could be a halfway-house solution which again employs existing Apple devices. Given that the majority of usage of smart speaker systems probably occurs in the living-room, perhaps microphones could be added to the Apple TV to allow it to perform this role? Since TV sets won’t be switched on all the time, it’s probably not practical to rely on the television speaker for responses, so the Apple TV box would need a speaker too, so we might be talking about an Apple TV Plus model, allowing people the choice of a smaller device without the added capabilities or a larger one with them. With a little intelligence, the box could use its own speaker when the TV is off and the existing TV speakers when it’s on. What’s your view? Would a smarter Siri on existing Apple devices be enough? Would you prefer an Apple TV Plus with smart speaker capabilities? Or should Apple follow Amazon and Google and make a standalone smart speaker? Please take our poll and share your thoughts in the comments. Take Our Poll Images: PR shots from Amazon and Google, with Apple TV image by Eric Blattberg/VentureBeat Guides Opinion pieces & commentary View THe Guide Siri View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options. Post to Cancel
ClickZ ClickZ Intelligence ClickZ Learn ClickZ Live header-ad-slot January 16, 2017 Search Engine Watch Home Industry SEO PPC Analytics Social Local Mobile Video Content Development Reports Toggle navigation Home Industry SEO PPC Analytics Social Local Mobile Video Content Development Reports Nine crazy predictions for SEO in 2017 PPC SEO 12 Jan 17 | Larry Kim Facebook0 Linkedin86 Google+43 Twitter 129 It’s January, which means you’ve probably read about 200 expert predictions on the future of SEO in 2017 by now. But if you stick with me, I promise this post won’t be like any of the other SEO predictions posts you’ve seen so far. When it comes to making SEO predictions, a lot of experts take the safe route. We all know mobile SEO is going to be increasingly important. Talking about the obvious is always safe. If you’re anything like me, the SEO predictions for 2017 have let you feeling underwhelmed. No one has been sticking their neck out this year. Mobile will be big? UX will matter? Really?! You don’t say! I think it’s time for a few more bold predictions – nine of them in fact. These SEO predictions will be a bit more out there – maybe you could even call them a little crazy. Just don’t blame me if/when these predictions become reality. I’m just the prognosticator, basing my predictions on the things I’ve seen lately – and where I believe Google is heading next. 1. We’ll Experience the Biggest Rankings Shift in the History of Google… Major algorithmic changes are always a big deal – from old school classics like Florida and Caffeine to more modern algorithmic updates like Panda, Penguin, Hummingbird, and RankBrain. So here’s my first SEO prediction for 2017: We’ll see the biggest shift in rankings in the history of Google. Machine learning and AI was an undeniable force in 2016. And I expect machine learning signals to become a bigger and bigger piece of the pie. In case you’re unfamiliar with RankBrain, here’s a simplified diagram that breaks it down: RankBrain helps Google select and prioritize the signals it uses for ranking. Engagement is one of the very important signals Google looks at for ranking. It’s been my theory that RankBrain (and/or other machine-learning elements within Google’s core algorithm) are increasingly rewarding pages that have high user engagement. In other words: Google has built its own ultimate unicorn detector to ensure that the pages people are clicking on and engaging with the most are rewarded with better search positions. 2. …But Nobody Will Notice Anything! Remember how, for a few months before RankBrain was officially announced in that Bloomberg article, everyone in the SEO industry knew a big algorithm update was brewing? Remember all the discussion on Twitter, Facebook, and the top search industry publications? Yeah, me neither because it absolutely didn’t happen! So here’s my second SEO prediction for 2017: Even though we’re about to see the biggest shift in the history of Google rankings, nobody will notice anything. RankBrain is more subtle than updates like Panda and Penguin, where up to 90 percent of your organic traffic disappeared instantly overnight. It was easy to see such a ridiculously huge traffic drop, that occurred on a specific date, in your analytics. But with RankBrain, the rankings shift is happening every day, bit by bit, rather than all at once in one big update. Google is shifting traffic away from your donkeys (pages with average or below average engagement) and toward your unicorns (pages that have 5-10x higher engagement metrics than normal). Whatever SEO rank-checking tools or weather reports you’re looking at aren’t set up to notice these small and gradual types of changes. They just get lost in the noise. 3. Google Will Unite Featured Snippets & Organic Listings Why is Google’s featured snippet so often different from its top-ranked organic listing? Basically, Google is currently saying to its users: “Our first listing isn’t really the correct answer, so use this other answer instead.” Huh? Why isn’t the first listing simply “the answer” instead? My third SEO prediction for 2017: Google’s featured snippets and organic listing will converge. Here’s my theory. Snippets were just a sandbox/testing environment where they could try out user engagement signals in search and the rest of the rankings didn’t use them. Now that they’ve bought into this idea, they can consolidate the two concepts. 4. Google Will Kill Organic Positions 6-10 As a result of new user-engagement signals being used in search rankings, fewer and fewer people are clicking on results in lower positions, while clicks on the top positions are trending higher. Check out this surprising click curve WordStream put together: (Note: This data was obtained from the Google Search Console, tracking the same set of keywords in the Internet marketing niche for three separate 30-day periods) This chart really illustrates the idea of a subtle change, as discussed in my second prediction. What’s it all mean? That it’s time for my next SEO prediction: Google will eliminate the bottom half of search results in 2017. (Bonus prediction: SEOs will freak out BIG TIME!) As a result of machine learning, I believe Google will decide that it no longer needs to show positions 6-10. The decluttered SERP will be populated with more ads (which will generate higher CTRs than the organic listings they replaced). Think it can’t happen? Let me remind you of that time waaaay back in early 2016 when Google killed right-side text ads on the desktop. But when you looked at the data, it made sense why Google did it: only 14.6 percent of desktop clicks came from the right ads. What happened after Google eliminated right-side ads? CTRs increased and traffic remained steady. I imagine the same will be true when Google eliminates the bottom half of search results. The actual impact for most websites should be minimal because most people aren’t clicking on those organic listings now anyway. 5. We’ll Say Goodbye to Local SEO Google Shopping (a.k.a. Product Search) used to be great. Then Google changed the game and Google Shopping became a 100 percent pay-to-play system. The local SEO train has gone on for way too long. These are 100 percent commercial queries and Google’s next big land grab. There’s no easy way to cushion the blow for my fifth SEO prediction for 2017, so I’ll just say it: local SEO as we’ve known it will die. Google plans to make $5 billion from local search. So that means one thing: goodbye local organic packs. Share this article Facebook0 Linkedin86 Google+43 Twitter 129 Related articles Five most interesting search marketing news stories of the week How to keep Q4 paying off in 2017 Question every part of your organic search strategy in 2017 10 online marketing strategies to make you a unicorn [infographic] 6. Black Hat SEOs Will Create Fake Engagement Google already has a pretty lengthy list of tactics that are against its Webmaster Guidelines. Well, expect that list to expand in (or after) 2017. One thing we’ve been talking a lot about so far in this post is the importance of engagement metrics and how this can impact your SEO success. This includes metrics from click-through rates, to dwell time, to task completion rates (a.k.a. conversion rates). Well, you know how it goes. Anytime somebody sees some success with an SEO tactic, then everyone starts doing it. But a select few who can’t make that tactic work legitimately will figure out a way to fake it. This is exactly how the whole link buying problem got started 10 years ago. People knew links increased rankings, so people went crazy buying links, not worrying about quality, only quantity. Which brings us to SEO prediction number six: CTR and engagement hacks will become the new black hat SEO. Look for huge spammer innovation once more SEOs finally start realizing that improving CTR and dwell time also can help improve rankings in today’s machine-learning world. The black hat revolution won’t be televised, but people in the know will know all about it. 7. Google Will Declare War on Tool Providers Why does Google have a TOS (terms of service) and not enforce it? Companies like Raven Tools have been bullied to not include rank checking. But Google allows it on some tools but not others? So, my seventh SEO prediction is that Google will declare war on tool providers that violate their TOS. Why should Google care more about this now? Probably because rank checkers screw up CTR and bounce calculations. A few Google people have tweeted about this actually. If Google wanted to be really mean about it, they could devise a kind of penalty where if they found that you were doing excessive rank checking of your domain, they could infer you were violating the TOS. 8. An SEO Company Will Die Following on the previous prediction, and other factors, here’s my next SEO prediction for 2017: one or more major SEO vendors or service companies will be sold off. Google sometimes “makes an example” of a small company they believe is behaving badly by publicly punishing them so badly that they close. 9. SEO Will Be More Valuable Than Ever Though much of this post may seem like doom and gloom, one thing’s for sure: SEO won’t die. (Though it’s an extremely safe bet the entire practice of SEO will be declared dead and/or dying at least a few times this year!) Despite all of its challenges (and the many more on the horizon), SEO will be an even more valuable marketing channel to the lucky winners in 2017 and beyond. My final SEO prediction: Fewer and fewer winners will win bigger and bigger SEO jackpots.  Want to stay on top of the latest search trends?Get top insights and news from our search experts. Subscribe Related reading How a new AI powered search engine is changing how neuroscientists do research A new, free search engine called Semantic Scholar is using AI technology to help these scientists find relevant information much more quickly. More News SEO 04 Jan 17 | Adam Stetzer Five quick tips to boost your SEO in 2017 It’s the right time of the year to evaluate your SEO strategy and examine the best ways to improve it during 2017. This doesn’t have to be a complicated process, though. SEO 03 Jan 17 | Tereza Litsa The 10 Best & Biggest New PPC Features of the Year Some new PPC features stuck out more than the rest this year. This article will separate the unicorns from the donkeys! PPC 20 Dec 16 | Larry Kim How to predict ROI for SEO fixes Understand how predict what ROI will be achieved as a result of implementing an SEO fix. Analytics SEO 16 Dec 16 | Richard Peterson Tags PPC | SEO | Trends Sign up for SEW Daily Daily news and insights about search engine marketing, SEO and paid search. Subscribe Visit us on: rhc-mpu-ad-slot1 Comments rhc-mpu-ad-slot2 Most Popular Say goodbye to Google: 14 alternative search engines Say goodbye to Google with these 14 alternative search engines, covering everything from information, images, videos, facts and stats. Oh and Gifs. How to write meta title tags for SEO (with good and bad examples) What is a title tag? How do you write one? Why are title tags important? Do they actually help with search engine optimisation? Going over to the duck side: a week using DuckDuckGo I’ve heard about DuckDuckGo a few times over the years, mostly as a name uttered in hushed whispers behind closed doors – “You don’t have to use Google. There is another way.” SEO basics: 22 essentials you need for optimizing your site Here we’ll take a look at the basic things you need to know in regards to search engine optimisation, a discipline that everyone in your organisation should at least be aware of, if not have a decent technical understanding. Want to stay on top of the latest search trends?Get top insights and news from our search experts. Subscribe Click here to advertise with us Powered By ClickZ Group Limited All rights reserved 1 Hammersmith Broadway London, W6 9DL editorial@clickz.com CATEGORIES Industry SEO PPC Analytics Social Local Mobile Video Content Development Home About SEW Contact SEW Advertise on SEW Site Map Website Terms of Use Copyright & Licensing Privacy policy Cookie & Privacy Policy Friend's email Message  https://searchenginewatch.com/2017/01/12/nine-crazy-predictions-for-seo-in-2017/ Send × Want to stay on top of PPC trends? Get top insights and news from our PPC experts.Delivered to you daily, straight to your inbox. Subscribe No thanks, I am not interested No thanks. Ask me later please Close
NEWS National Sports Lifestyle & Entertainment Business International Editor's Picks Snippets Lahore Karachi Islamabad OPINION Editorials Columns Mailbox Multimedia News In Pictures Cartoons Print Edition Today's Paper E-PAPER Blogs Read All Blogs Write For Us Nawaiwaqt Group Nawaiwaqt Newspaper Waqt News TV Family Magazine Phool Magazine Nidaimillat Magazine Sunday Magazine Weekend Young Nation Articles eMag October Reign Monday | January 16, 2017 NEWS National Sports Lifestyle & Entertainment Business International Editor's Picks Snippets Lahore Karachi Islamabad OPINION Editorials Columns Mailbox Multimedia News In Pictures Cartoons Videos Editor's Picks Featured Newspaper Picks Print Edition Today's Paper E-Paper Blogs Read All Blogs Write For Us Connect with us   Facebook Twitter Google Plus RSS Youtube     Follow @the_nation   Latest Jan 16, 01:42 am As much as it might shock you, I love my sister-in-law. It’s time we stopped demonising in-laws   Dar, Google director discuss collaboration for economic digitalisation SHARE : APP Tweet Finance Minister Senator Ishaq Dar and Google Director Ann Lavin on Wednesday discussed possibilities of collaboration in digitalisation of economic activities in Pakistan. Google Director for Public Policy and Government Relations, Southeast Asia and Greater China, Ann Lavin, who called on the minister here, acknowledged the economic progress of Pakistan in the last three years. She said her company could play a role in IT development, promotion of e-commerce and assist in attracting investment in Pakistan. The finance minister asked the Google director to submit a complete plan so it could be considered by the relevant stakeholders. He said the government was committed to provide a level-playing field to all the prospective local and foreign investors. The minister said Pakistan had been projected by renowned international institutions as the second choicest place for investment in the world. He said the turnaround of Pakistan's economy, macroeconomic stability, and improvement in energy and security situation had provided a conducive atmosphere for enhanced commercial activities and foreign direct investments. He said a number of new entrants had shown keen interest to invest in Pakistan's IT sector as well. The meeting was also attended by the senior officials of the Finance Division and Google. Tweet More by APP RELATED NEWS January 13, 2017 Dar discusses possibilities of Google’s collaboration January 12, 2017, 3:36 pm Ann, Dar discuss Google’s collaboration possibilities in digitalization of Pakistan’s economic ... November 28, 2016 Digitalisation:­ A gateway to revolutionise business March 28, 2016 Organisations to go for digitalisation or extinction MORE IN BUSINESS January 15, 2017, 7:47 pm Govt revises fuel prices for next fortnight January 15, 2017 Denmark offers tech to KP in fields of agriculture, power January 15, 2017 Dar commends CDNS on becoming member of Automated Clearing System January 15, 2017 Sugar export goes on despite price hike in local market Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus TODAY'S POPULAR Most Viewed | Most Commented Qatari prince escapes life attempt in Balochistan China tightens security along Pakistan border PM will represent Pakistan at WEF in Davos No terrorist safe havens in Pakistan, COAS tells Ghani PM will represent Pakistan at WEF in Davos Zardari, Madad discuss political situation Agencies break network of militants in Karachi LATEST COMMENTS neutral This ostrich thinks he is the only one who thinks positive and whatever he says is right. He calls ALL others negative thinkers and liars. What a stupid this blind, deaf and dumb who only sees the bri... neutral It is no time to discuss politics Mr 10%. Karachi needs to be cleaned of thousands of tons of garbage and help needed in Thar where children are dying daily of starvation and lack of medical facilitie... neutral Neither of the suggestions is a solution. The basic purpose of having courts is to provide justice to the citizens of the country irrespective of their standing which, unfortunately, is not the case. ... ADVERTISEMENT LATEST COMMENTS neutral This ostrich thinks he is the only one who thinks positive and whatever he says is right. He calls ALL others negative thinkers and liars. What a stupid this blind, deaf and dumb who only sees the bri... neutral It is no time to discuss politics Mr 10%. Karachi needs to be cleaned of thousands of tons of garbage and help needed in Thar where children are dying daily of starvation and lack of medical facilitie... neutral Neither of the suggestions is a solution. The basic purpose of having courts is to provide justice to the citizens of the country irrespective of their standing which, unfortunately, is not the case. ... OUR CONTACT DETAILS NIPCO House, 4 Shaarey Fatima Jinnah, LAHORE (Pakistan) Tel : 092-42-6367580 Fax : 092-42-6367005 About Us Advertise Contact Us Terms & Conditions © COPYRIGHT 2017, NAWAIWAQT GROUP OF NEWSPAPERS Powered by :
24/7 Wall St. - Insightful Analysis and Commentary for U.S. and Global Equity Investors Search this site Business Aerospace & Defense Autos Banking & Finance Commodities & Metals Consumer Products Energy Healthcare Industrials Infrastructure Media Retail Services Technology Apps & Software Consumer Electronics Telecom & Wireless Apple Inc. Facebook Google Investing Analyst Upgrades Bankruptcy Buffett Corporate Governance Corporate Performance Dividends and Buybacks Earnings ETFs and Mutual Funds International Markets IPOs and Secondaries Mergers and Acquisitions Personal Finance Rumors Value Investing Economy Energy Government Regulation Healthcare Housing Jobs Special Report Brands and Products Cities Countries States Large Cap Giants Dominate Baird Top Tech Ideas for 2017 By Lee Jackson January 12, 2017 8:50 am EST Print Email Tweet With 2016 and the holidays now in the rear-view mirror, many investors are focused on ideas for 2017 and making the changes they feel will help lend a hand toward continued gains. One thing is for sure, the market is a lot more expensive than it was this time last year, and the going could be a touch more difficult. While the Trump rally has been solid, and hopes are high for an improving economy, it still makes sense to stay with market leaders. In a recent research report, the analysts at Baird offered with their top ideas for 2017. It is an eclectic and solid group, many of which are small or mid-cap companies, as that is a research niche the company excels in. However, when it came to technology this year, the firm went large cap with five of their top picks, all of which make good sense for growth portfolios with more risk tolerance. Alphabet The search giant continues to expand and is even working on a driverless car now. Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ: GOOGL) provides online advertising services in the United States, the United Kingdom and rest of the world. It offers performance and brand advertising services, and it operates through Google and Other Bets segments. The Google segment includes principal internet products, such as Search, Ads, Commerce, Maps, YouTube, Apps, Cloud, Android, Chrome and Google Play, as well as technical infrastructure and newer efforts, such as virtual reality. The Google segment also sells hardware products, comprising Chromecast, Chromebooks and Nexus. The Other Bets segment includes businesses such as Access/Google Fiber, Calico, Nest, Verily, GV, Google Capital, X and other initiatives. The Baird team cite the company’s innovation in machine learning and artificial intelligence, which they feel can support the core search business and is now being applied across all the company’s growth initiatives. They also point to Google Cloud, which is the largest cloud infrastructure and engages in more technology, infrastructure research and development in headcount and dollars than any other company. This gives the company the strength and wherewithal to compete and differentiate itself from Amazon AWS and Microsoft’s Azure. The Baird price target for the stock is $930. The Wall Street consensus price objective is $968.75. Shares closed Wednesday at $829.86. Apple This technology giant had a wild 2016 and is still down over 10% from highs posted in the spring of 2015. Apple Inc. (NASDAQ: AAPL) revolutionized personal technology with the introduction of the Macintosh in 1984, and it is among the leaders in the world in innovation with the iPhone, iPad, Mac, Apple Watch and Apple TV. Apple’s four software platforms — iOS, OS X, watchOS and tvOS — provide seamless experiences across all Apple devices and empower people with breakthrough services, including the App Store, Apple Music, Apple Pay and iCloud. Apple shares have shown a nice move in the Trump rally but volatility has crept into the stock. Top analysts have noted that the iPhone 7 family performed much better than the prior model, and there is big consumer interest in iPhone 8. They also stress that the company remains committed to its capital allocation program, and Baird sees the possibility for not only an increase in the dividend but continued share buybacks. Baird also thinks the iPhone 8 opportunities are solid and, like others, feels the product will have significant upgrades. Toss in the easier comparisons and the strong average selling prices, and the new phone is a distinct positive going forward this year. Baird also stresses the benefit from lower taxes and more so the cash repatriation, given Apple’s $238 billion cash reserve, 91% of which is offshore. Both President-elect Trump and Congress have indicated they want to lower the tax rate on repatriating cash to the United States, with some seeing the rated dropped to as low as 8% to 10%. Apple investors receive a 1.9% dividend. Baird has a $133 price target. The consensus target is $132.96, and shares closed on Wednesday at $119.75. Pages: 1/2 « Short Sellers Get Selective in Solar, Alt Energy Stocks Falling Short Interest in 3D Printing Stocks Continues » Read more: Technology, Analyst Upgrades, featured, Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL), Cisco Systems, Inc. (NASDAQ:CSCO), GOOGL, Micron Technology, Inc. (NASDAQ:MU), Western Digital Corp. (NASDAQ:WDC) Free Daily Newsletter Subscribe Terms & Conditions Sponsors Popular The Largest Private Company in Every State Cities Where You Don't Want to Get Sick The Worst Companies to Work For The Largest Employer in Every State Best (and Worst) Paying Cities for Women Recent 5 Must-See Earnings Coming This Week Top 5 Dow Stocks Reporting Earnings This Week Huge Michael Dell Purchase Highlights Insider Buying: Dell Technologies, Accelerate Diagnostics, Loxo Oncology and More 10 Worst States to Grow Old Get Quote for: Symbol Lookup Search How a Roth IRA Can Help You Make the Most of Social Security 1 Company Pioneering the AI Revolution Simple Ways to Maximize Your Social Security Benefits Macy's fires chief growth officer Peter Sachse Nasdaq Composite Index closes up 26.63 points, or 0.5%, at 5,574.12 S&P 500 closes up 4.12 points, or 0.2%, at 2,274.59 Caterpillar (CAT) or Deere (DE): Which Is the Better Stock? Unum Group (UNM) Strengthens Portfolio with New Coverage Union Pacific (UNP) Q4 Earnings: What Awaits the Stock? Sterling skids on Brexit worry; investors await Trump clarity Davos elites struggle for answers as Trump era dawns Trump threatens BMW with border tax on cars built in Mexico 1 Company Pioneering the AI Revolution Simple Ways to Maximize Your Social Security Benefits Detroit Auto Show: Will Volkswagen Build This Electric Microbus? These 8 Men Have As Much Money As Half The World Trump Threatens BMW With Border Tax On Cars Built In Mexico Democrats Lead Nationwide Day Of Rallies In Defense Of Obamacare Home About Us Disclaimer and Terms of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Advertise AOL-HuffPost Money & Finance ©2017 24/7 Wall St. | Powered by WordPress.com VIP
Home Primetime Movies USA News UK News Latest News Most Read News (Today) Most Read (30days) Mobile Show Menu ~Home News General Top Stories Breaking News Crime/Legal Hausa Business Health Education Technology Travel Religion Romance Local Niger Delta News North South East West Showtime Music Videos Music Artists Celebrities AMAA Nollywood Politics Government Sports Soccer Odd World USA News Canada News UK News Africa Photos Video Movies Gossips Popular Links: Buhari Football EFCC Boko Haram Trending Nigerian Names Politics Home | News | General | Adeboye’s retirement dominates Google trend #OccupyCBN: FCT Police Command warns group against threat to shut down CBN headquarters Breaking: Nnamdi Kanu, co-defendants in court without hand-cuffs Adeboye’s retirement dominates Google trend Larry Nwabuoku 12/01/2017 07:26:00 8 0 View Comments Lagos – Septuagenarian General Overseer of the Redeemed Christian Church (RCCG) of God, Pastor Enoch Adeboye’s recent retirement announcement was top on Google search this week. Mr Taiwo Kola-Ogunlade, Google’s Communications and Public Affairs Manager for Anglophone West Africa, made the disclosure in Lagos on Thursday. Obayemi and Adeboye He said the search was from Jan. 4 to Jan. 11. The spokesman said that with the brand new year, came some brand new surprises. “Among the surprises were the retirement of Pastor Adeboye as the General Overseer of the RCCG and the spectacle of Pretty Mike, parading girls in chains at a wedding party and some others, including the first death in Nollywood. “Adeboye recently announced his retirement as the general overseer, with his former Special Assistant on Finance, Pastor Joseph Obayemi as his successor. “It is believed his stepping down is the result of the controversial corporate governance code of the Financial Reporting Council of Nigeria. “The code stipulates mandatory office tenure for general overseers of all registered churches in the country.” Kola-Ogunlade said that popular Lagos club owner Mike Eze-Nwalie Nwogu was in the news again with his not-too-pretty scene in a wedding. He said that Mike, who was rumoured in December last year as being in a relationship with Bobrisky, was recently seen attending a wedding with two ladies chained at the neck. He said that Mike was the co-owner of Club Uno, formerly Q Club on Allen Avenue, Ikeja. Kola-Ogunlade said that the first death recorded in the entertainment sector recently also got online attention. “Despite the excitement of the New Year, it was not enough to stop the death of Toyin Majekodunmi, Nollywood’s veteran Yoruba actress, popularly known as Iya Kike. “Before her death, the actress worked with the Lagos State Ministry of Information for many years. She was married to a fellow actor, Solomon Majekodunmi, popularly known as Baba Kekere.” The Google manager said the rumoured assassination of the Gambia’s President-elect, Adams Barrow, got people’s attention online. “Gambia’s President-elect, Adama Barrow has not been assassinated, contrary to rumours that went around on social media. “Barrow, whose election result was challenged in court by the sitting President Yahya Jammeh, awaits the resolve of leaders from the ECOWAS mediation initiative as they try to persuade Jammeh to step down from power. “ECOWAS has given Jammeh up till Jan. 19 to quit office to allow the swearing in of Barrow on Jan. 20,” the Google image maker said. Kola-Ogunlade asked if Nicki Minaj was ready to move back to her ex? “She is not Nigerian, but she has a wide following among many citizens of the country. “The big news now is that she is single again and, according to the representative of her ex-boyfriend, Safaree is open to ‘igniting’ things as he never stopped loving her. “The two, who dated for over a decade, broke up publicly, after insinuations that Meek snitched on Safaree cheating on Minaj,” he said. The secret trial of the leader of the Indigenous People of Biafra, Nnamdi Kanu, got people’s attention online, Kola-Ogunlade stated. “Kanu is being held for an 11-count charge as well as the operation of an illegal group and the operation of an unlicensed radio station. “He was arraigned at the Federal High Court which held a secret trial for him and three others. “There was heavy security presence within and around the court premises, and even relatives of the arraigned, could not gain access to the court,” Kola-Ogunlade said. Google Trends launched in May, 2006, allows one to see how popular, search terms and their demogr0aphies have been over time on Google. CLICK HERE TO READ MORE FROM: General view more articles About Article Author Webby View More Articles Related Articles 22 Countries Nigerians Can Visit Without Visa Tiwa Savage Set To Perform At Grammy’s Black Women In Music Mercedes Overtakes BMW As Biggest Luxury Car Brand 100 Most Popular News Just In: Army storms Boko Haram enclaves, kill 13 terrorists 0 Former House of Representative member collapses in police cell 0 Suicidal Man Throws Himself In Front Of Moving Train But Miraculously Cheats Death. Pics 0 New Mega Party: Buhari’s Ministers, Governors Named As Sponsors 0 Sophia Hatzis says Khloe Kardashian's Revenge Body is 'step backward' in body positivity 0 Churches now use bullion vans to carry offerings, they should pay tax – Muslim cleric, Ahmad 0 Obasanjo, Buhari join forces to defeat hunger in Nigeria by 2030 0 19 touching photos that tell what Nigerians went through during Biafra 0 MMM People Panicking, No Money... businessmen cring out 0 Meet the women travelling Australia to cover people with glitter at festivals 0 APC, Kogi stakeholders attack Buhari over ministerial slot 0 Chibok girls: FG invites BBOG for search in Sambisa 0 I’ll end my career in China – Mikel 0 N-Delta dialogue: How FG can find competent leaders — Pa Omadeli-Uvwo 0 ‘Why We Didn’t Capture Abubakar Shekau’ – Chief Of Army Staff... 0 Help! None of my four children belong to me - man cries out 0 Christians should do more than preaching and evangelism and start contributing practically to their communities - Bishop Mike Okonkwo 0 #OccupyCBN: Our Simple Demands to Save The Naira 0 Army kills 13 suspected Boko Haram members in clearance operation 0 Gambia’s incoming president, Barrow moves to Senegal 0 I don’t even know Gideon Okeke – Chiwetalu Agu‎ reacts to actor’s attack 0 How Trump made it to White House in less than 17 months 0 Armed Forces Remembrance Day: Mrs Buhari prays for families of fallen soldiers 0 Whither Yoruba agenda in APC government 0 When You Have PhD In Photography. Caption This Photo.... 0 Manchester United Players Arrive Their Hotel Ahead Of Epic Derby Against Liverpool. Photos 0 Photos Of Buhari, Osinbajo, Saraki At Armed Forces Remembrance Day Celebrations In Abuja 0 "My Husband Is Very Randy, Can Even Sleep With A Dog" -- Wife Tells Court.... 0 Internet Goes Crazy Over Picture Of Arsenal Star, Mesut Ozil's Sister. See Why 0 Niger Delta Crisis: VP Osinbajo begins serious engagements with oil-producing communities 0 'I'm sleeping with your wife!' Red-faced parents reveal the hilariously awkward things their children have blurted out 0 Amaechi’s aides planning massive defection to PDP – PDP chieftain, Ben Tamuno 0 12 feared dead as commercial bus plunges into river in Oyo 0 Biafra: Nzeogwu, Orkar will be honoured in a ‘new Nigeria’ – Fani-Kayode 0 Trump “doesn’t have the power to order anybody’s deportation” 0 Gambia crisis: West African leaders set four-day deadline 0 Nzeogwu, Orkar are martyrs, says Fani-Kayode 0 Ohanaeze and Igbo agitation: Nwodo’s daunting challenge 0 Frustrations persist as promoters urge MMM investors to be patient 24 hours after resumption 0 12 die in Oyo-Ogbomoso auto crash as bus plunges into river 0 MAJE AYIDA, ESTRANGED HUSBAND OF TOKE MAKINWA: ‘Returning to banking is like committing suicide’ 0 Mob Destroys Church Of Pastor Accused Of Sleeping With Another Man's Wife. Photos 0 Meet The Family Who Sold Their Luxury Home So They Can Feed Lions Lions And Tigers. Pics 0 Crowd Gather As Governor Wike Hosts Wrestling Tournament In Rivers.... Photos 0 Tupac's ticket stub to Mike Tyson's fight in 1996 auctions for $25k 0 Woman remanded in prison for burning teenager with hot iron 0 Connecticut couple's gender reveal goes wrong as announcement suffers TWO major fails 0 CBB's Chloe Ferry flirts with Calum Best and offers to flash her VAGINA to housemates 0 Kamiyah Mobley meets her biological parents for first time since she was snatched at birth from Florida hospital 18 years ago 0 Brazil’s hell-hole jails revealed in horrific images 0 Tom Brady shares a sweet kiss with his daughter ahead of critical Patriots game 0 The Young Mummy's Sophie Cachia shares intimate post-birth photos of her newborn 0 My deadly pet fish: How cleaning the aquarium left this retired bus driver with a killer infection  0 Army kills 13 Boko Haram suspects in clearance operations 0 SEE 12 fallen heroes and heroine honoured by Nigerian Air Force (LIST) 0 MMM tension: Nigerians react in diverse ways over GH, other issues 0 Peter Obi reacts to alleged hate statements from his camp targeted at Buhari 0 Buhari’s wife prays for families of fallen soldiers 0 Army kills 13 Boko Haram suspects, rescues 58 persons in clearance operations 0 Remembering the Polycarps and martyrs of Nigerian Air Force 0 Buhari, Osinbajo others honour Nigeria’s fallen soldiers 0 Buhari’s wife prays for families of fallen soldiers 0 Militant rail union fights new trains that might have saved girl, 16, who died after falling into gap between carriage and platform  0 Australia Day celebrations billboard sparks heated online debate over hijab wearing women 0 UK weather triggers flood alerts depiste Scotland set to be hotter than Barcelona 0 Young model admits Crohn's disease has 'torn apart' her life - as she says the debilitating illness has caused her to lose her social life, car and even her career 0 South Sudan claims mandate has expired for more UN troops 0 Zimbabwe is the Ndebele State just misnamed - Manheru! 0 Will Trump lock Mugabe and Museveni in prison? 0 ANC, Zanu-PF ready for female presidents? 0 'Supa Mandiwanzira is a liar,' says Econet 0 PICTURES: Bus accident 0 Good morning Brethren 0 WATCH: Zimbabwe high school initiation video goes viral 0 Warriors kit madness worry fans 0 Security guard shoots 'cheating' wife before turning gun on himself 0 Corruption @ Murambinda Magistrate 0 Governor Ajimobi's daughter lambastes LAUTECH students, calls them names 0 See photos of Buhari, Saraki honouring fallen Nigerian soldiers 0 Governor Ajimobi’s daughter blasts protesting LAUTECH students - “Generation of Mannerless Students” 0 ECOWAS defence chiefs meet, prepare for military action in Gambia 0 Trump “doesn’t have the power to order anybody’s deportation” 0 Borno bans sales of charcoal, firewood on streets 0 Gambia crisis: West African leaders set four-day deadline 0 Nigeria will conquer recession through farming — Ooni 0 Warri, Kaduna refineries record zero production 0 FG rejects BBOG conditions for joining search for Chibok girls 0 Nigerian Army kills 13 Boko Haram suspects, rescues 58 persons in clearance operations 0 Displaying 1 - 88 of 88 Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Trending Stories MMM Returns: See The 3 New Conditions That Guide Its Operation 0 Green Tea Lemonade For Weight Loss: How To Do It At Home? 0 Check Out The Pictures Of The Sleek Transparent Car That Has Just Been Launched 0 How You Too Can Last 20-40 minutes Longer In Bed Tonight Without Side Effects 0 Kaduna University staff, students, paraded for stealing computers worth N17.6m 0 show all articles Top Stories 6 Guaranteed Politicians Tinubu Would Rely On As APC Crisis Thickens 0 Borno State Commissioner Dies In Maiduguri 0 2 New Senators Take Oath Of Office 0 Famous American Singer Shares His Touching Experience With A Kenyan Beggar 0 Renewed Hostilities: Niger Deltans Say No To Avengers 0 Imo Governor Okorocha Gifts Wife With New State Appointment 0 I Can?t Predict When Recession Will End Says Finance minister 0 NYSC: Corps Member Slumps, Dies After Party With Colleagues 0 Properties Worth N1.5bn Traced To Goodluck Jonathan?s Aide 0 Buhari Spent 6million On Ear InfectionTtreatment In The UK 0 Breaking: Cultists On Rampage,15 Feared Dead In Rivers 0 TOUCHING! Meet The 'Okada Man' Who Has No Fingers On His Hands (Photos) 0 SAD!Pregnant Woman Dies, Daughter Husband Injured In Car Crash 0 Fatal Accident Along Benin Highway Leaves 20 Dead (Photos) 0 show all articles More from General Just In: Army storms Boko Haram enclaves, kill 13 terrorists Former House of Representative member collapses in police cell New Mega Party: Buhari’s Ministers, Governors Named As Sponsors Obasanjo, Buhari join forces to defeat hunger in Nigeria by 2030 19 touching photos that tell what Nigerians went through during Biafra show all articles Popular Articles FRSC not recruiting, Boboye not on social media – Agency warns applicants Tattooed streakers interrupt the Big Bash cricket and run across the field in front of 40,000 fans Woman who turned to food after she was sexually abused as a child goes from 668LBS to 414LBS in one year after undergoing life-saving weight loss surgery to save her marriage  Video(18+): Watch LEAKED Sextape With Fetty Wap And His EX-Girlfriend Alexis Skyy!!! Chinese restaurant accused of serving human FEET in Italy after image of rotting flesh emerges Recommended 22 Countries Nigerians Can Visit Without Visa African Leaders Head To Gambia To Convince Yahya Jammeh To Step Down See Bank Alert First: READ What Nigerians Are Saying About MMM's Surprising Comeback LifeStyle Articles 5 Things You Need To Know About Artificial Intelligence My Husband Says God Revealed To Him That Our Daughter Should Not Be Educated Abuja Wife Shares Her Secret: I Had To Do This For My Husband Since He Could Not Satisfy Min Bed Man Reveals: What I Went Through Before I Could Wed My Lady How You Too Can Last 20-40 minutes Longer In Bed Tonight Without Side Effects See 13 Best Tips That Will Help You Become A Good Listener How I Made 220% Profit From Mutual Grant In One Month 5 Website Fails Your Business Should Avoid Read 5 REAL Reasons Most Nigerian Businesses Fail 4 Basic Things You Must Do To Manage Your Finances In 2017 Most Read Articles Just In: Army storms Boko Haram enclaves, kill 13 terrorists Thirteen suspected Boko Haram fighters were killed on Sunday, January 15, following clearance operations in Bomboshe and Sinbaya in Dikwa Local Government Area of Borno, Former House of Representative member collapses in police cell - A former House of Representative Nze Duru on Friday, January 13, collapsed inside a police cell in Onikan, Lagos state- The House of Representative Suicidal Man Throws Himself In Front Of Moving Train But Miraculously Cheats Death. Pics A man miraculously survived a suicide attempt in a video that seems to show a train passing over him without causing any injuries. CCTV from New Mega Party: Buhari’s Ministers, Governors Named As Sponsors The intrigues and political manoeuvring that will shape the 2019 general elections have begun to unfold with revelations that some serving ministers and governors on Sophia Hatzis says Khloe Kardashian's Revenge Body is 'step backward' in body positivity Khloe Kardashian's new show is about helping people reinvent themselves She assists people who have been dumped in making themselves over  But Sophia Hatzis, 20, says show all articles Latest Comments Latest Photo Galleries Photos of Celebrities That Attended Toke Makinwa's Slumber Party In Lagos Last night in Lagos on the eve of the New Years weekend, Toke Makinwa threw a fabulous pyjama party. Taking over the luxurious pamper house, View gallery 9 Photos See Pics Of Buhari Wit Presidents Mahama,Ellen Sirleaf And Ernest Koroma In Gambia President Muhammadu Buhari, President Ellen Johnson-Sirleaf of Liberia,who is the current chair of the Economic Community of West African States (ECOWAS), and President Ernest Bai View gallery 9 Photos World News Corruption @ Murambinda Magistrate 0 Security guard shoots 'cheating' wife before turning gun on himself 0 Warriors kit madness worry fans 0 show all articles Popular Articles Tattooed streakers interrupt the Big Bash cricket and run across the field in front of 40,000 fans 0 Boeing 747 packed passenger plane is struck in mid-air by a bolt of lightning 0 Apex members storm Melbourne jewellery store and attack staff 0 show all articles Latest News Obasanjo, Buhari join forces to defeat hunger in Nigeria by 2030 0 Suicidal Man Throws Himself In Front Of Moving Train But Miraculously Cheats Death. Pics 0 Internet Goes Crazy Over Picture Of Arsenal Star, Mesut Ozil's Sister. See Why 0 show all articles © 2009 - Copyright Onlinenigeria.com. All Rights reserved.

Login _ Social Sharing Find TechSpot on... Facebook YouTube Twitter Google+ Subscribe to TechSpot RSS Get our weekly newsletter Search TechSpot Trending Hardware The Web Culture Mobile Gaming Apple Microsoft Google Reviews Outstanding Laptops Graphics Smartphones CPUs Storage Cases Keyboard & Mice Features Must Reads PC Buying Guide Hardware Software Gaming Tips & Tricks Best Of Downloads Latest Downloads Popular Apps Editors Picks Device Drivers Product Finder New Releases New PC Games Laptops Smartphones Routers Storage Motherboards Monitors Forums Community Activity Today's Posts Google android wear Android Wear 2.0 is coming in early February By Tim Schiesser on Jan 12, 2017, 7:00 AM TechSpot An email sent out to Android Wear developers has revealed that Android Wear 2.0, a major upgrade to the platform announced at Google I/O back in May 2016, will be released in early February 2017. Previously the update was expected to launch in "early 2017". Developer previews for Android Wear 2.0 have been available since the middle of 2016, with Google originally eyeing an end-of-2016 launch for the update. It's still not clear exactly why Google delayed Android Wear 2.0 to 2017, but more time to polish the operating system and its apps is usually a good thing. There has been a serious lull in the smartwatch industry for the best part of a year. Several major OEMs that invested in the original Android Wear platform, such as Motorola and Huawei, have taken an indefinite break from making new devices. There were some low key Android Wear smartwatch launches at this year's CES, but for the most part, interest in the platform and smartwatches in general has waned significantly. Android Wear 2.0 should breathe some life into smartwatches when it launches in February, as it will bring an overdue interface overhaul to Wear, along with new fitness features and the introduction of the Play Store. Several new Android Wear smartwatches should hit the market around the launch of Wear 2.0, including the chunky outdoor-oriented Casio WSD-F20. Related Reads Google delays Android Wear 2.0 until 2017 Google previews Android Wear 2.0, its largest platform update yet The Raspberry Pi 3 may soon officially support Android 4 comments 46 interactions Share this article: Now Read This… The European Union calls for robot rights but still wants a kill switch Researchers warn against making peace signs in photos over fears that fingerprints could be stolen Global PC shipments slide for fifth straight year Popular Comparing Team Communication Apps: What Do You Get for Free? 23 comments This 74-year-old Grandpa is losing the game he has played since 1999 (and it'll touch your heart) Load Comments 4 ... User Comments: 4 Got something to say? Post a comment Load all comments... Discuss 19 Alleged backdoor discovered in WhatsApp could allow governments to read encrypted messages 24 Global PC shipments slide for fifth straight year 15 The European Union calls for robot rights but still wants a kill switch 20 Nintendo Switch details: $300, March 3 release, online service requires paid subscription, more 15 Gears of War creators sued by former NFL player who claims Cole Train character is based on him Recently commented stories Jump to forum mode Add New Comment You need to be a member to leave a comment. Join thousands of tech enthusiasts and participate. TechSpot Account Sign up for free, it takes 30 seconds. Already have an account? Login now. You may also... Main Sections Technology News Reviews Features Product Finder Downloads Drivers Community TechSpot Forums Today's Posts Ask a Question News & Comments Useful Resources Best of the Best Must Reads Trending Now Hot Downloads About TechSpot About Advertising News Archive Social & Feeds Follow TechSpot Facebook Twitter Google Plus YouTube RSS Subscribe to the TechSpot Newsletter © 2017 TechSpot, Inc. All Rights Reserved. TechSpot is a registered trademark. Terms of Use Privacy Policy Licensing Advertise International Editions: US / UK India
Skip to content Home About Us Advertise With Us contact us Search for: Sunday 15 January Sunday 15 January Follow @vanguardngrnews Vanguard News A Nigerian newspaper and Online version of the Vanguard, a daily publication in Nigeria covering Niger delta, general national news, politics, business, energy, sports, entertainment, fashion,lifestyle human interest stories, etc Search for: Home News Headlines Sports #Vanguardtraffic Politics Business Finance Tech Motoring Entertainment Allure Editorial Viewpoint Forum Jobs Columns Sports Bassey People & Politics Rational Perspectives Broken Links Article of Faith Tuesday Platform Pini Jason Talking Point Hakeem Baba-Ahmad For Crying Out Loud People & Politics Is’haq Modibbo Kawu The Hub Sweet and Sour My Layman’s View Onochie Anibeze Tonye Princewill Crisp Shots The Passing Scene Soul Kate Stomach Democracy Sunday Perspectives My World Frankly Speaking The Orbit The Spectrum Nigeria Today Vista Woman Voice of Reason Moment to Moment Article of Faith Relationships More Breaking News Translate Home » News » Adeboye’s retirement dominates Google trend Adeboye’s retirement dominates Google trend On January 12, 20172:26 pmIn News, Technology by adekunleComments Lagos – Septuagenarian General Overseer of the Redeemed Christian Church (RCCG) of God, Pastor Enoch Adeboye’s recent retirement announcement was top on Google search this week. Mr Taiwo Kola-Ogunlade, Google’s Communications and Public Affairs Manager for Anglophone West Africa, made the disclosure in Lagos on Thursday. Obayemi and Adeboye He said the search was from Jan. 4 to Jan. 11. The spokesman said that with the brand new year, came some brand new surprises. “Among the surprises were the retirement of Pastor Adeboye as the General Overseer of the RCCG and the spectacle of Pretty Mike, parading girls in chains at a wedding party and some others, including the first death in Nollywood. “Adeboye recently announced his retirement as the general overseer, with his former Special Assistant on Finance, Pastor Joseph Obayemi as his successor. “It is believed his stepping down is the result of the controversial corporate governance code of the Financial Reporting Council of Nigeria. “The code stipulates mandatory office tenure for general overseers of all registered churches in the country.” Kola-Ogunlade said that popular Lagos club owner Mike Eze-Nwalie Nwogu was in the news again with his not-too-pretty scene in a wedding. He said that Mike, who was rumoured in December last year as being in a relationship with Bobrisky, was recently seen attending a wedding with two ladies chained at the neck. He said that Mike was the co-owner of Club Uno, formerly Q Club on Allen Avenue, Ikeja. Kola-Ogunlade said that the first death recorded in the entertainment sector recently also got online attention. “Despite the excitement of the New Year, it was not enough to stop the death of Toyin Majekodunmi, Nollywood’s veteran Yoruba actress, popularly known as Iya Kike. “Before her death, the actress worked with the Lagos State Ministry of Information for many years. She was married to a fellow actor, Solomon Majekodunmi, popularly known as Baba Kekere.” The Google manager said the rumoured assassination of the Gambia’s President-elect, Adams Barrow, got people’s attention online. “Gambia’s President-elect, Adama Barrow has not been assassinated, contrary to rumours that went around on social media. “Barrow, whose election result was challenged in court by the sitting President Yahya Jammeh, awaits the resolve of leaders from the ECOWAS mediation initiative as they try to persuade Jammeh to step down from power. “ECOWAS has given Jammeh up till Jan. 19 to quit office to allow the swearing in of Barrow on Jan. 20,” the Google image maker said. Kola-Ogunlade asked if Nicki Minaj was ready to move back to her ex? “She is not Nigerian, but she has a wide following among many citizens of the country. “The big news now is that she is single again and, according to the representative of her ex-boyfriend, Safaree is open to ‘igniting’ things as he never stopped loving her. “The two, who dated for over a decade, broke up publicly, after insinuations that Meek snitched on Safaree cheating on Minaj,” he said. The secret trial of the leader of the Indigenous People of Biafra, Nnamdi Kanu, got people’s attention online, Kola-Ogunlade stated. “Kanu is being held for an 11-count charge as well as the operation of an illegal group and the operation of an unlicensed radio station. “He was arraigned at the Federal High Court which held a secret trial for him and three others. “There was heavy security presence within and around the court premises, and even relatives of the arraigned, could not gain access to the court,” Kola-Ogunlade said. Google Trends launched in May, 2006, allows one to see how popular, search terms and their demogr0aphies have been over time on Google. adekunle View all posts by adekunle → Previous Post Breaking: Nnamdi Kanu, co-defendants in court without hand-cuffs Next Post #OccupyCBN: FCT Police Command warns group against threat to shut down CBN headquarters Disclaimer Comments expressed here do not reflect the opinions of vanguard newspapers or any employee thereof. Latest News 11:15 pmTinubu congratulates Adebanwi 11:12 pmLagos task force arrests 67 hoodlums, impounds 75 motorcycles 10:41 pm50 firms bid for NNPC’s 2-yr boat supply term contract 10:38 pmOneLagos Fiesta: Super Glo-ing influence on entertainment industry 10:36 pmHello 2017: Five greatest Old African novels to read before you die 10:31 pm‘Automobile import ban through land borders, against international law’ 10:19 pmVideo: Buhari Lays Wreath in honour of Fallen Heroes of Nigeria Army 10:07 pmCIA chief warns Trump ‘to be very disciplined in terms of what he says publicly’ 10:00 pmN-Delta activist flays arrest of youths by military operatives 9:56 pmObaseki commissions SEEFOR projects, calls for more support 9:52 pmPence defends Trump in spat with US civil rights icon 9:43 pmSpanish La Liga results 9:24 pmHealing from the inside after pregnancy loss 9:18 pmNew TB vaccine shows promise 9:09 pmVideo: Pogba attacks Henderson as Man-U draws Liverpool in PL clash 8:47 pmLiverpool came to defend, says Mourinho 8:39 pm5 things you should never do on someone else’s phone View All Sponsored REVEALED :5 Reasons Having Sex Every-day is Healthy If you have been thinking that the only advantage you get from sex is just pleasure, then you are wrong, there are other... THINGS TO DO IN OTHER TO CURE PREMATUAL EJACULATION AND LAST 35 MINS IN BED. Don’t miss this Offer… Own A Property in Lekki Editorial Pay pensioners from Paris Club fund WITH the possible exception of Lagos, Rivers, Delta and Akwa Ibom states where the issue of pension is receiving some me... Ending infant and pre-term deaths Cartoons Cartoon: Sarge Most Commented Nzeogwu, Orkar are martyrs, says Fani-Kayode626 Living Faith Church, Oyedepo react to video urging members to ‘kill’152 We 've restored Nigeria's sanity, territorial integrity, says Buhari72 No substitute to Nigeria’s unity - Ambode35 Create a state for southern Kaduna, Kure urges PMB178 CONTROVERSIAL CODE TO ‘CAGE’THE CHURCH: The Adeboye/Obazee story116 51 years after death in 1966 coup: People misunderstood Akintola — Daughter86 Videos Video: Pogba attacks Henderson as Man-U draws Liverpool in PL clash Zlatan Ibrahimovic scored an 84th-minute header as Manchester United prevented historic foes Liverpool from recapturing... Read More E-editions 12th January 2017 Special Report On Refunds polls update 2016 Is recession affecting your Christmas celebration ? Is recession affecting your Christmas celebration ? Should Buhari reshuffle his cabinet ? Do you think prices of food st... Read More The Orbit Christmas in’Biafra’ and other stories As readers of the ‘Orbit” may surely have noticed, this column went on furlough in the last four weeks. I’d chosen silen... Read More Owei Lakemfa Soul brother, Obama THOSE who signed the July 4, 1776 American Declaration of Independence gave humanity one of the most imperishable declar... Read More Outside looking in Still on Ibori If the welcome party for Ibori has been planned without his knowledge (which I very much doubt) he should be conscientio... Read More Article of Faith Climbing the mount everest of eternal life Rich men don’t run after passers-by in the street. Nevertheless, in the scriptures, a “rich young ruler” is shown runnin... Read More Frankly Speaking Still on El-Rufai The 2019 elections are starting early in Kaduna State and the first slogan of the campaign for those elections is El-RUF... Read More Nigeria Today IBORI: Delta people are no fools ! The recent release from a British prison of a former Governor of Delta State, Chief James Ibori has since it happened la... Read More Sweet Crude Education Environment Motoring Metro Interview Labour Law & Human Rights Bus Stop Parliament Crime Guard Crime Alert Homes & Property Investors Forum Insurance and You Features Worship Conference Hall Life Style Health Travel & Tourism Human Angle Is It Beyond Pardon? The Arts Tummy Talk Woman Columns Monday Sport Bassey People And Politics Rational Perspectives Sobowale on Business Broken Links Owei Lakemfa Tuesday Femi Aribisala Dispatches from America Wednesday Talking Point For Crying Out Loud Tip of a New Dawn Thursday People Politics Is’haq Modibbo Kawu The Hub Friday Sweet Sour Lipstick Owei Lakemfa Saturday The Passing Scene My World Frank & Fair Marriage & Family Oil & Gas Summiteer Bits & Pieces Sunday Frankly Speaking Sunday Perspectives Nigeria Today The Orbit Outside Looking In Joyful Homes Article of Faith © 2017 Vanguard Media Limited, Nigeria Home About Us Advertise With Us contact us
Home Markets Companies Opinion Politics Technology Specials PF Portfolio My Page Budget 2017 Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll North East West South Election News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Budget 2017 Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Budget 2017 Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Budget 2017 BS APPS iPad iPhone Android Wap BS PRODUCTS Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books Today's Paper Economy & Industry BS SPECIALS B2B Connect Power & Energy SME BS E-Paper Hi, Change Password Subscribe Sign out Change Password Manage My Account Sign out SIGN IN Subscribe               Company Science & Technology News Stock Quote Authors  News    Stock Quote    Authors You are here: Home » Companies » News Watch: N Chandrasekaran gets a standing ovation at TCS House Business Standard Tatas move out of world's top-50 innovative list Apple, Google, Tesla, Microsoft and Amazon are in the top five positions Press Trust of India  |  New York  January 12, 2017 Last Updated at 19:57 IST email this article Message: Recipients' Email: Type address separated by commas Your Email: Enter the characters shown in the image. Send me a copy:   http://mybs.in/2UScVQi ALSO READ Cheaper pound hope for Tata group firms Tata Group shares extend losses; Tata Motors falls 5% in two sessions In Tata's boardroom battle, TCS has most to lose Brokers keep faith amid Tata fall Cyrus Mistry has no plans to quit as Chairman of Tata group companies Apple, Google and Tesla on Thursday retained their positions as the world's most innovative companies on an annual top-50 list, even as Tatas have moved out after being the only Indian entity there for two years. The latest list for 2016, released on Thursday by the Boston Consulting Group, has Apple, Google, Tesla, Microsoft and Amazon in the top five positions. Among these, the top-four have retained their positions while Amazon has replaced Samsung on the fifth slot. There is no Indian entity on the latest list, though the ranking for 2015 had Tata Motors at 26th place. Before that, another Tata group firm TCS was ranked 43rd in 2014 list. The 2016 list has 34 companies from the US, 10 from Europe, and 6 from Asia. The top 10 most innovative companies for 2016 include, Netflix at the 6th place, Samsung Group (7th), Toyota (8th), Facebbok (9th) and IBM (10th). "Long standing tech giants hold down the top places once again, new digital disruptors such as Uber and Airbnb have joined the list, and the expanding role of digital innovation is readily apparent in the presence of some traditional manufacturers and process driven companies such as General Electric and Diamler," the report noted. General Electric was ranked in the 15th place followed by Diamler (16th), Uber 17th and Airbnb was placed at the 21st rank. The coveted list revealed the 50 companies that global innovation executives ranked as the most innovative and explores the increasing imperative for companies to bring in innovations from outside. "Given faster-changing markets — and the fact that even in more traditional sectors technology is becoming a key differentiator — a not-invented-here mindset can be fatal," said BCG partner and report coauthor Andrew Taylor. Taylor further said that "today's most successful innovators strike a strategic balance between internal and external innovation. They are smart and efficient at scanning for external ideas — and deft at bringing them inside. Read More On Tata | Tata Motors | Samsung | Digital | Europe | Ibm | Microsoft | Tcs | Toyota PREVIOUS STORY NEXT STORY RECOMMENDED FOR YOU Advertisements New to the stock market? Take your FirstStep Make Your Premium Payment Easier. Know more Plan now with just Rs.3000 p.m. Know more Learn the Art of Investing through Sharekhan Open Free Demat A/c with low brokerage fee Yet to open a Sharekhan Account? Tatas move out of world's top-50 innovative list Apple, Google, Tesla, Microsoft and Amazon are in the top five positions Apple, Google, Tesla, Microsoft and Amazon are in the top five positions Apple, Google and Tesla on Thursday retained their positions as the world's most innovative companies on an annual top-50 list, even as Tatas have moved out after being the only Indian entity there for two years. The latest list for 2016, released on Thursday by the Boston Consulting Group, has Apple, Google, Tesla, Microsoft and Amazon in the top five positions. Among these, the top-four have retained their positions while Amazon has replaced Samsung on the fifth slot. There is no Indian entity on the latest list, though the ranking for 2015 had Tata Motors at 26th place. Before that, another Tata group firm TCS was ranked 43rd in 2014 list. The 2016 list has 34 companies from the US, 10 from Europe, and 6 from Asia. The top 10 most innovative companies for 2016 include, Netflix at the 6th place, Samsung Group (7th), Toyota (8th), Facebbok (9th) and IBM (10th). "Long standing tech giants hold down the top places once again, new digital disruptors such as Uber and Airbnb have joined the list, and the expanding role of digital innovation is readily apparent in the presence of some traditional manufacturers and process driven companies such as General Electric and Diamler," the report noted. General Electric was ranked in the 15th place followed by Diamler (16th), Uber 17th and Airbnb was placed at the 21st rank. The coveted list revealed the 50 companies that global innovation executives ranked as the most innovative and explores the increasing imperative for companies to bring in innovations from outside. "Given faster-changing markets — and the fact that even in more traditional sectors technology is becoming a key differentiator — a not-invented-here mindset can be fatal," said BCG partner and report coauthor Andrew Taylor. Taylor further said that "today's most successful innovators strike a strategic balance between internal and external innovation. They are smart and efficient at scanning for external ideas — and deft at bringing them inside. Press Trust of India Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 Tatas move out of world's top-50 innovative list Apple, Google, Tesla, Microsoft and Amazon are in the top five positions Apple, Google and Tesla on Thursday retained their positions as the world's most innovative companies on an annual top-50 list, even as Tatas have moved out after being the only Indian entity there for two years. The latest list for 2016, released on Thursday by the Boston Consulting Group, has Apple, Google, Tesla, Microsoft and Amazon in the top five positions. Among these, the top-four have retained their positions while Amazon has replaced Samsung on the fifth slot. There is no Indian entity on the latest list, though the ranking for 2015 had Tata Motors at 26th place. Before that, another Tata group firm TCS was ranked 43rd in 2014 list. The 2016 list has 34 companies from the US, 10 from Europe, and 6 from Asia. The top 10 most innovative companies for 2016 include, Netflix at the 6th place, Samsung Group (7th), Toyota (8th), Facebbok (9th) and IBM (10th). "Long standing tech giants hold down the top places once again, new digital disruptors such as Uber and Airbnb have joined the list, and the expanding role of digital innovation is readily apparent in the presence of some traditional manufacturers and process driven companies such as General Electric and Diamler," the report noted. General Electric was ranked in the 15th place followed by Diamler (16th), Uber 17th and Airbnb was placed at the 21st rank. The coveted list revealed the 50 companies that global innovation executives ranked as the most innovative and explores the increasing imperative for companies to bring in innovations from outside. "Given faster-changing markets — and the fact that even in more traditional sectors technology is becoming a key differentiator — a not-invented-here mindset can be fatal," said BCG partner and report coauthor Andrew Taylor. Taylor further said that "today's most successful innovators strike a strategic balance between internal and external innovation. They are smart and efficient at scanning for external ideas — and deft at bringing them inside. Press Trust of India Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 MORE ON MARKETS: Quick Links Stock Market Live Portfolio Commodity Market Upcoming IPO Personal Finance Stock Market News Derivatives Mutual Funds Gold Price Sensex Browse STOCK Companies A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Browse Mutual Funds A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Index Stocks ACC Adani Ports Ambuja Cem. Asian Paints Aurobindo Pharma Axis Bank B H E L B P C L Bajaj Auto Bank of Baroda Bharti Airtel Bharti Infra. Bosch Cipla Coal India Dr Reddy's Labs Eicher Motors GAIL (India) Grasim Inds H D F C HCL Technologies HDFC Bank Hero Motocorp Hind. Unilever Hindalco Inds. ICICI Bank Idea Cellular IndusInd Bank Infosys ITC Kotak Mah. Bank Larsen & Toubro Lupin M & M Maruri Suzuki NTPC O N G C Power Grid Corpn Reliance Inds. St Bk of India Sun Pharma. Inds. Tata Motors Tata Motors-DVR Tata Power Co. Tata Steel TCS Tech Mahindra UltraTech Cement Ltd Wipro Yes Bank Zee Entertainment Copyrights © 2017 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved. From BS Website Home Companies Markets Opinion Politics Technology Specials Personal Finance Budget Latest News Today's Paper RBI Policy General News General Videos General Photo Gallery Events Authors About us About Us Code of Conduct Terms & Conditions Cookie Policy Disclaimer Investor Communication Support & Contact Partner with Us Careers Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback Browser Support Sitemap Subscribe E-Paper BS Magazines Portfolio Tracker BS Products Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books B2B Connect iPhone iPad android wap BS Banking Round Table 2016 BS Fund Cafe 2016 Budget 2017 Budget 2017 Budget News Budget Connect with BS Facebook Google+ Linkedin Twitter Youtube RSS Upgrade To Premium Services Welcome User Business Standard is happy to inform you of the launch of "Business Standard Premium Services" As a premium subscriber you get an across device unfettered access to a range of services which include: Access Exclusive content - articles, features & opinion pieces Weekly Industry/Genre specific newsletters - Choose multiple industries/genres Access to 17 plus years of content archives Set Stock price alerts for your portfolio and watch list and get them delivered to your e-mail box End of day news alerts on 5 companies (via email) NEW: Get seamless access to WSJ.com at a great price. No additional sign-up required.   Premium Services In Partnership with   Dear Guest,   Welcome to the premium services of Business Standard brought to you courtesy FIS. Kindly visit the Manage my subscription page to discover the benefits of this programme. Enjoy Reading! Team Business Standard  
Search Reviews iPhone Android How To Reviews iPhone How To Auto About Best 11 Best Weight Loss Apps for 2017 Best iPhone 7 Cases Things Apple Watch Can Do Android Galaxy S7 20 Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Cases Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Deals 5 Best Galaxy S7 Battery Cases 8 Best Galaxy S7 Screen Protectors 8 Best Galaxy S7 Edge Screen Protectors 18 Best Galaxy S7 Edge Cases Deals 5 Best Android Smartphones Under $200 [2016] Best Cheap Android Smartphones [2017] OnePlus Android 7.0 Nougat Update Info Cory Gunther01/09/2017 In early January the highly anticipated OnePlus Android 7.0 Nougat update arrived for select devices. Back in August Google released the update to Android Nougat and owners have been waiting for it. Its a slow and painful process waiting for updates, and here’s what we know about them for all OnePlus owners. Advertisement Android 7.0 Nougat is loaded with new features, improved battery life, multi-window mode and more. Nexus and Pixel owners have been enjoying it for some time, and now it’s OnePlus’ turn. The company announced the beta is over, and the stable release is rolling out now to kick off 2017. Read: Android 7.1 Nougat vs Android 6.0: What’s New The Android N developer test ended in August and was quickly released for select devices. There are beta programs from LG, Samsung, Sony and more. Earlier this year we learned the OnePlus 3 Nougat beta was coming in November. Now after two months of testing, it’s ready for all users. Read on for more details. Advertisement Advertisement Popular smartphones from all major manufacturers will see a free update to Android 7.0 Nougat or Android 7.1.1 in the near future. Samsung finished their beta, Motorola already updates phones, and more are coming. Some of the most popular smartphones of 2015 and 2016 are from OnePlus. A company that delivers high-end flagship devices at a wallet friendly price point. The OnePlus 3 is as good as the Galaxy S7 Edge, but for only $399. Not to mention the even better OnePlus 3T for $439, which rivals Google’s own Pixel. Earlier this year OnePlus blend the two teams working on the OS for China and the rest of the world into one group. An effort to bring the latest software and features to all devices at a faster pace. It seems to have worked, because the OnePlus 3 Android 7.0 Nougat update is now available. OnePlus Android 7.0 Nougat Updates While we can expect a slew of devices to see updates, the company is starting with the most important ones first. Those being the 3 and 3T. Then we can look forward to the OnePlus X, and potentially the OP2 from 2015. The company promised updates would arrive before the end of December, and technically they hit that mark. The community beta test is over, and OnePlus leader Carl Pei had this to say on Twitter. Advertisement 2) Android N stable OTA for the OP3 and the OP3T. Gradual rollout will begin later tonight. — Carl Pei (@getpeid) December 31, 2016 On December 31st the OnePlus 3 and 3T received the official “over-the-air” update to Android Nougat. Some got it right away, others saw a slight delay. Expect all updates to conclude by January 14th. Giving OnePlus two weeks to deliver it to all users. On January 9th OnePlus confirmed another Nougat update is rolling out with fixes and tweaks. Alternatively, those who don’t want to wait for the OTA can flash the software themselves. For now only the latest two phones are getting updates. More are coming at a later date. Don’t expect the original to receive Android 7.0 Nougat officially. That said, the developer community at the OnePlus forums or XDA will surely have a version available for download. The OnePlus 2 will get Android 7.0 Nougat Advertisement In closing, the company has confirmed the OnePlus 2 will indeed be updated to Android Nougat. There is no timeframe yet, but we’ll update once we know more. What’s New in Android 7.0 Nougat Our link at the top of the page is an in-depth look at Android 6.0.1 Marshmallow vs Android 7.0 Nougat. Including everything that’s new and different with comparison photos. It goes over many of the key changes, so start there. Including changes in Android 7.1.1 Nougat. As a quick recap, the OnePlus Android 7.0 update will bring improved performance, better battery life with “Doze” features, better split-screen multitasking, the recent apps button works like ALT+TAB and switches between the last used apps, and much more. Google has over 50 big changes in Android N. Like faster app installs, which are also smaller, a new JIT compiler, improved graphics and performance with the Vulkan API, revamped notifications with quick reply from the pulldown bar, customizable quick setting tiles and so much more. Expect all of that to be highlighted on the OnePlus 3 and it’s nearly stock version of Android. Advertisement A huge addition announced at Google IO was “Android Instant Apps” which will enable Android to install small bits of an app (say, from a search result or web link) and allow one-time instant app usage. No installing an app and starting over. Android just adds what it needs for that moment, uses the app then removes those parts, and we’re done. That has yet to go live, but we’re expecting it by the end of the year. Not to mention things like a better and improved Google Now or Search using the Google Assistant with machine learning, number blocking and call screening, and more than we know under the hood or behind the scenes. OP smartphones run nearly stock Android, similar to the Google Pixel. This means it doesn’t have a huge layer of changes like we see from Samsung, LG or HTC. Allowing the developers to finish updates easier and faster. Technically the update is listed as OxygenOS 4.0 when it hits devices, not labeled as Android Nougat. However, here’s what the upgrade entails. Upgraded to Android 7.0 Nougat New Notifications Design New Settings Menu Design Multi-Window View Notification Direct Reply Custom DPI Support Added Status Bar Icon Options Improved Shelf Customization Final Thoughts In previous years we received slow updates from the company, but that certainly isn’t the case to kick-off 2017. In fact, OnePlus is ahead of Samsung, LG, HTC and many others. Rather than waiting until March or later for the newest release, owners can get it the first week of January. Again, those still waiting on Android 7.0 Nougat for their phone, need to know that it will arrive soon. The company is slowly releasing it to all devices. Then, their team will continue working on the OnePlus 2 Android Nougat update. This is good news for owners, as most didn’t expect such timely updates. The fact that users with a Samsung device are waiting, while OnePlus is sending out Nougat, is a big deal. Enjoy the update to Android 7.0 Nougat, and we’ll update once we know more about incremental upgrades to Android 7.1.1 in the near future. Are you still waiting for it to arrive? If it did, are you experiencing issues? Let us know in the comment section below. 3 Responses 01/07/2017 Ajay Parlevliet Reply The Netherlands Still marshmallow over here. 01/12/2017 Vegeta Reply India , still no N update here -_- 01/15/2017 Bitola Reply Still no N in Macedonia Leave a Reply Cancel Reply Your email address will not be published. Comment Name* Email* Website 27 Best iPhone 7 Cases 01/12/2017 Samsung Galaxy Marshmallow Update Info (2017) 01/11/2017
TrustedReviews Facebook Twitter Googleplus TVs & Audio Cameras Computing Mobile Home appliances Gaming MWC 2017 GPS & Sat Nav Mobile Apps Mobile Phone Accessories Mobile Phones Tablets Wearables & Fitness Trending: CES 2017 Apple Watch 2 iPhone 7 Galaxy S7 vs iPhone 6S Google Pixel Galaxy S7 Home / News / Mobile Phone News / MWC 2017 Live News & Highlights: Which phones to expect from Samsung, HTC, Sony, LG and more MWC 2017 Live News & Highlights: Which phones to expect from Samsung, HTC, Sony, LG and more by Max Parker 12 January 2017 0 shares Read Comments Bookmark this page for all the latest MWC 2017 news and rumours, and to discover which phones to expect from Samsung, HTC, Sony, LG, Huawei, Nokia and more. Finally, 2016 is behind us – and what a year for smartphones it was. We had a stunning Samsung Galaxy S7, the equally fantastic Google Pixel Phone and some affordable wonders such as the OnePlus 3 and iPhone SE. Also, the drama of the incendiary Galaxy Note 7. Now 2017 is here, and there’s plenty to look forward to – not least the upcoming iPhone 8. But first, we have to contend with the year’s biggest smartphone tradeshow: Mobile World Congress 2017. MWC 2017 Date: When is Mobile World Congress? Mobile World Congress will take place in Barcelona, Spain, between February 27 and March 2, 2017. Read on for everything we can expect from the show. Samsung at MWC 2017 What are we expecting? Samsung Galaxy S8, Samsung Galaxy S8 Edge, and possibly a tablet Last year was really split into two distinct halves for Samsung. It began cheerily with the MWC 2016 launch of the Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge, which became two of our favourite phones. But, in autumn, Samsung faced global shame as new Note 7 handsets began exploding en masse. Whoops. Samsung eventually (and rightfully) scrapped the phone, so all eyes are on the South Korean tech giant’s next flagship. Related: Best Android phones That's almost certainly going to be the Galaxy S8, which is highly likely (though not guaranteed) to launch at MWC 2017. Samsung needs to win back consumer trust with the Galaxy S8, so we’d expect a lot of talk about how its batteries are completely safe. Other features could include a 4K screen (though we’re doubtful on that), either a Snapdragon 830 or next-gen Exynos CPU, 6GB of RAM and a switch to USB-C, as was the case with the Note 7. We'd expect an Edge version of the phone with a curved screen, unless Samsung decides to ditch the two-model system and go all out on the curved screen. There’s also the possibility of a new tablet – probably the Galaxy Tab S3, which was a no-show at CES 2017, unfortunately. HTC at MWC 2017 What are we expecting? HTC 11, Android Wear smartwatch After a disappointing 2015, HTC turned things around somewhat last year. The Vive VR headset had an impressive debut, while the HTC 10 was a huge improvement over the poor HTC One M9. HTC also helped Google build the Pixel phone, though you wouldn’t know from the look of it. HTC 10 HTC could use MWC 2017 to unveil the HTC 11, its latest flagship phone, although it’s just as likely to have a separate event. Rumours are thin on the ground so far, but we’re most likely to see a focus on great audio, clean software and, hopefully, a better camera. Due to HTC’s close working relationship with Google, we’d like to see the phone compatible with Daydream VR and hopefully with Google Assistant built in. What could hamper this timeline, however, is the launch of the HTC U Ultra and HTC U Play, which HTC debuted on January 12. The former comes running a top-end Snapdragon 821 chip, and so is unlikely to be usurped just one month later. If we're going to see an HTC 11, likely running the newer Snapdragon 835 chip, then it's probably going to land a little later in the year. HTC’s rumoured first smartwatch could also make a debut, but it’s been delayed for so long now that we’re wondering whether it’s actually been canned completely. LG at MWC 2017 What are we expecting? LG G6 LG is another premium brand known for releasing flagship handsets at MWC, and the rumours of an LG G6 launch in Barcelona are already circulating. The most consistent tip we’ve heard so far is that LG plans to scrap the modular design we saw on the LG G5. Hopefully, putting a stopper on the curious modular plug-ins will help resolve some of the build-quality problems that plagued the G5, as the bottom won’t need to pop off anymore. Related: Best budget Android phones LG V20 Maybe our first sniff at possible G6 features comes from LG’s other high-end device, the V20, which launched late last year. This audio-centric phone ditches the modules, but still has a removable battery and comes running Android Nougat. Huawei at MWC 2017 What are we expecting? MateBook 2, Huawei P10, Huawei Watch 2 Rarely does a tradeshow happen without a Huawei presence, and we doubt MWC 2017 will be any different. 2016’s MWC saw Huawei launch the MateBook, a rival to the Microsoft Surface, and it would make sense for an update to come next year. While we liked aspects of the MateBook, its poor battery life and iffy performance left us disappointed. Huawei MateBook We could see the Huawei P10, but this will probably have an event all to itself. Something more likely is the Huawei Watch 2, possibly with LTE connection to make the most of the upcoming Android Wear update. Apple at MWC 2017 What are we expecting? Nothing For a short period, Apple was listed as an exhibitor at MWC 2017. Then it was removed and order was restored. Apple won’t have a presence at the show, as it never does, instead focusing on standalone events to showcase its new products. Waiting for the iPhone 8? A September event in California is far more likely. Sony at MWC 2017 What are we expecting? Xperia X2 Sony Mobile's smartphone woes are obvious, but that doesn’t seem to be stopping the firm from churning out new devices multiple times a year. Sony Xperia X Compact MWC 2016 saw the death of the Z series and the birth of Xperia X, so naturally an update seems a good fit for MWC 2017. The Xperia X currently sits in the middle of the X series, which is topped by the hulking XZ – but that already feels outdated. We're hoping 2017 sees Sony breathe some much-needed life into the Xperia line to help make the devices feel competitive again. Nokia at MWC 2017 What are we expecting? New Android phones Nokia is also expected to make a showing at MWC. Yes, you read that correctly. After a long absence from the smartphone business, Nokia has confirmed that it will be making announcements in Barcelona this year. That’s particularly useful information, as the company already confirmed that we’d see new Nokia Android phones in the first half of 2017. The phones aren’t actually built by Nokia, mind. They’re being developed by a company called HMD, which has snapped up the rights to the Nokia brand licence for about a decade. The company has already launched one Android Nokia phone – the Nokia 6 – in China, with European models likely to follow at MWC. Microsoft at MWC 2017 What are we expecting? Surface Phone (maybe) Microsoft will be in attendance at MWC, but there’s no guarantee we’ll see a new smartphone launched. Rumours have circulated about a prospective ‘Surface Phone’ for a while, but there’s little evidence it will be ready in time for MWC 2017. That said, the lack of evidence is by no means confirmation that the Surface Phone won't surface (pun intended) at MWC. Microsoft has already set up a booking page for meetings at MWC and has secured a stand space, so it’s likely the company will have something to show off. And with Windows 10 Mobile seemingly ailing because of a lack of supported hardware, it’s high time Microsoft debuted a new flagship device. Related: Best Android Apps 2017 Video: Best Smartphone 2016/17: What do you want to see at MWC 2017? Let us know in the comments below. 0 shares Read Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Free Newsletter Get TrustedReviews' award-winning reviews, opinions and advice delivered to your inbox for free! By submitting your details, you'll also receive emails from Time Inc. UK, publisher of Trusted Reviews and other iconic brands about its goods and services, and those of its carefully selected third parties. Please tick here if you'd prefer not to hear about: Time Inc.'s goods & services, including all the latest news, great deals and offers Third party goods & services ⩔ Show More Terms & Conditions | Privacy & Cookies Policy More on Trusted Reviews More information - Sitemap| About us| Contact us| Advertise with us Facebook Twitter Googleplus Trusted Reviews is part of the Time Inc. (UK) Ltd Technology Network © Time Inc. (UK) Ltd 2003-2017, All rights reserved| Terms of use| Privacy Policy| Cookie Information Free Newsletter Get TrustedReviews' award-winning reviews and advice delivered to your inbox for free! By submitting your details, you'll also receive emails from Time Inc. UK, publisher of Trusted Reviews and other iconic brands about its goods and services, and those of its carefully selected third parties. Please tick here if you'd prefer not to hear about: Time Inc.'s goods & services, including all the latest news, great deals and offers Third party goods & services ⩔ Show More Terms & Conditions | Privacy & Cookies Policy
Menu Search Follow Us Facebook Instagram Twitter Youtube Flipboard LinkedIn Google+ RSS More Youtube Flipboard LinkedIn Google+ RSS Got a tip? Let us know. News Channels Startups Mobile Gadgets Enterprise Social Europe Asia Crunch Network Unicorn Leaderboard Gift Guides All Topics All Galleries All Timelines Video Shows Apps News CES 2017 Crunch Report Gadgets Reviews Interviews TC Features All Shows All Videos Events TechCrunch Events Disrupt Startup Battlefield Crunchies Meetups International City Events Hackathon Include NFL’s 1ST and Future TechCrunch Store News About Mobile World Congress CES All Events Crunchbase Trending Tesla Google Facebook News Startups Mobile Gadgets Enterprise Social Europe Message Us Search TechCrunch Search TechCrunch Search Search × Hi! You are about to activate our Facebook Messenger news bot. Once subscribed, the bot will send you a digest of trending stories once a day. You can also customize the types of stories it sends you. Click on the button below to subscribe and wait for a new Facebook message from the TC Messenger news bot. Thanks, TC Team 10th Annual CrunchiesWin A Trip To The Crunchies In San Francisco Enter To Win Today Apps Timehop founder Jon Wegener replaced as CEO by design lead Matt Raoul Sony Entertainment CEO Michael Lynton is now Snapchat’s chairman Salesforce’s Quip acquires ex-Facebook designer studio Unity&Variety Browse more... Google Moon Express raises $20M in Series B-1, fully funds trip to the Moon Google’s Key Transparency project aims to ease a tough task in cryptography Alphabet’s Eric Schmidt heads to Trump Tower (again) Browse more... kids apps Sesame Workshop is looking for startups that help kids Privacy Concerns Raised Over Kids’ Apps And Websites Pixar Alum-Led ToyTalk Teams Up With Mattel To Let Kids Chat With “Thomas The Tank Engine” And Friends Browse more... Google’s Toontastic storytelling app for kids goes 3D Posted Jan 12, 2017 by Frederic Lardinois (@fredericl) 0 SHARES Next Story AI-fueled Synqq app update lets you use your voice to add notes and calendar entries Two years ago, Google bought Launchpad Toys, the company behind the popular Toontastic kids app for iOS that allows you — whether you are a kid or not — to easily tell your stories through animations. Today, Google is launching the first major new version of Toontastic for Android and iOS since it acquired the company. With this update, Toontastic is going 3D, though not in the first-person shooter kind of way. Both the backgrounds and characters are now 3D objects, but you still move your characters around in what is essentially a 2D space. That’s probably for the better, because this keeps things simple. To get started, you simply pick how many acts you want your story to have, either from three presets (which also includes a “science report” option that’s surely more fun than a PowerPoint presentation) or by building your own story arc. Then it’s off to selecting either a pre-designed setting or drawing your own background. The advantage of the eight pre-made backgrounds is that they include plenty of background animations that you can easily trigger with a simple tap. After that, you pick your characters (and you can also draw your own, of course) and start animating your story by moving the characters around and doing the voiceovers as you do so. Andy Russell, one of Launchpad Toys’ co-founders who is now a product manager on the Toontastic team, told me the team wanted to “make a tool that feels a little bit more like a toy and how kids create by play than your average video editing tool.” In that, the team clearly succeeded. The team took what it had learned from the original app and the started from scratch. One feature that especially stands out in Toontastic 3D — and one that Russell also cited as a highlight — is the addition of expansive and interactive worlds that kids can set their stories in. If you see anything in the background that you think should be interactive, chances are you can activate it with a tap. Russell also told me that when Google approached Launchpad in 2015 and offered to make it available for free, he thought of this as a good way to make Toontastic available to more kids (and not just those with iPads whose parents could afford paid apps). Just like with the original app, the team plans to add new characters and backgrounds over time. In addition, Russell tells me that Google is also looking at adding more templates for story arcs over time (think news reports, poems, etc.). Just like the app itself, those updates and new features will be available for free (Russell noted that charging for the app wouldn’t make sense and that the revenue would at best be a drop in the bucket given Google’s size). 0 SHARES Advertisement Advertisement Crunchbase Google Founded 1998 Overview Google is a multinational corporation that is specialized in internet-related services and products. The company’s product portfolio includes Google Search, which provides users with access to information online; Knowledge Graph that allows users to search for things, people, or places as well as builds systems recognizing speech and understanding natural language; Google Now, which provides information … Location Mountain View, CA Categories Search Engine, Blogging Platforms, Ad Network, Collaboration, Email, Video Streaming, Software, Enterprise Software Website http://www.google.com/ Full profile for Google Toontastic Description Toontastic was added to CrunchBase in 2011 Website http://www.launchpadtoys.com/toontastic/ Full profile for Toontastic Newsletter Subscriptions The Daily Crunch Get the top tech stories of the day delivered to your inbox TC Weekly Roundup Get a weekly recap of the biggest tech stories Crunchbase Daily The latest startup funding announcements Enter Address Subscribe SEE ALL NEWSLETTERS » Latest Crunch Report Nintendo Switch Hits the Market on March 3 | Crunch Report Watch More Episodes Google kids apps Apps Popular Posts Featured Stories Sarah Michelle Gellar on starting Foodstirs VIDEO | 4:58 | Interviews Start thinking like a startup 3 hours ago | Mona Bijoor Dronerise: gradually, then suddenly 11 hours ago | Jon Evans, Columnist SpaceX successfully lands its first-stage Falcon 9 rocket on drone ship yesterday | Darrell Etherington SpaceX successfully returns to launch with Iridium-1 NEXT Falcon 9 mission yesterday | Darrell Etherington Latest From Mobile Amazon seeks to run wireless tests in Washington state Jan 13, 2017 | Lora Kolodny Sony Entertainment CEO Michael Lynton is now Snapchat’s chairman Jan 13, 2017 | Matthew Lynley Salesforce’s Quip acquires ex-Facebook designer studio Unity&Variety Jan 13, 2017 | Josh Constine Foursquare adds list search to make its app more useful, as Google prepares its rival Jan 13, 2017 | Sarah Perez Comment moderation powered by Up Next AI-fueled Synqq app update lets you use your voice to add notes and calendar entries Posted Jan 12, 2017 CrunchBoard Job Listings Digital Marketing Specialist at IBISWorld (Los Angeles, CA, United States) Head of Marketing at Concord (San Francisco, CA, United States) DevOps Engineer @ Qadium at The Sourcery (San Francisco, CA, United States) Sales Director at Shopkick (New York, NY, United States) System Administrator at Shopkick (Redwood City, CA, United States) More from CrunchBoard Advertisement TechCrunch News Video Events Crunchbase TechCrunch Store About Staff Contact Us Advertise With Us Event & Editorial Calendar Send Us A Tip International China Europe Japan Follow TechCrunch Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Youtube Pinterest Tumblr Instagram StumbleUpon Feed TechCrunch Apps iOS Android Windows 8 Subscribe to The Daily Crunch Latest headlines delivered to you daily Subscribe to <span class="no-mobile">Subscribe to </span>The Daily Crunch Enter Email Address Subscribe © 2013-2017 AOL Inc. All rights reserved. Aol Tech Privacy Policy About Our Ads Anti Harassment Policy Terms of Service Powered by WordPress.com VIP Fonts by News Startups Mobile Gadgets Enterprise Social Europe Asia Crunch Network Unicorn Leaderboard Gift Guides All Galleries All Timelines Videos Apps News CES 2017 Crunch Report All Shows All Videos Events Disrupt Startup Battlefield Crunchies Meetups International City Events Hackathon Include NFL’s 1ST and Future TechCrunch Store All Events Crunchbase Message Us Most Popular WTF is machine learning? Oct 23, 2016 by John Mannes Start thinking like a startup 3 hours ago by Mona Bijoor Puerto Rico turns to tech and entrepreneurialism to revitalize the economy 7 hours ago by Jim Glade Innovation under the hood will rev the engines of a fintech revolution 11 hours ago by Matt Heiman Facebook encourages text statuses with new colored backgrounds Dec 19, 2016 by Josh Constine Technology can’t replace the human touch 11 hours ago by Ron Miller Dronerise: gradually, then suddenly 11 hours ago by Jon Evans SpaceX successfully lands its first-stage Falcon 9 rocket on drone ship yesterday by Darrell Etherington Apple’s first AirPods ad reminds me of the iPod ads yesterday by Romain Dillet
Menu CIO CloseCIO In-depth Big Data BPM Budgeting Business Continuity Business Intelligence C-Suite Perspectives Change Management Cloud Consumerisation of IT Infrastructure Innovation IT Value KM/Storage Mobile/Wireless/Convergence Project Management Risk Management Security Vendor View Resources Career CIO Executive Council e-Mags Events Media Releases News Newsletters PartnerZones Slideshows Videos Whitepapers Industries Education Finance Government Login Forgot password? Sign up now to get free exclusive access to reports, research and invitation only events. LinkedIn Twitter YouTube Facebook Google Plus Send Us E-mail Privacy Policy [Updated 3 Mar 14] Advertising CSO Subscribe to emails Subscribe to IDG Publications Contact Us Menu CIO Why Amazon is the current king of the virtual assistants Why Amazon is the current king of the virtual assistants Amazon surprised many analysts and competitors with its Alexa cloud-based voice assistant, and the company seems determined to help partners pack the tech into every product imaginable. Alexa has a clear lead in the smart home, but how long will it last? Matt Kapko (CIO (US)) 13 January, 2017 01:08 - - - - print email Comments Amazon's Alexa virtual assistant was impossible to miss at CES 2017. The surprise hit service that powers Amazon's smart home hub, Echo, is being embedded into a growing arsenal of connected products, inside and outside the home. In many ways, Alexa is the feature of the moment for consumer electronics such as refrigerators, vacuums, DVR boxes, robots, TVs, washers and dryers, cars, and an important product category in which Amazon has thus far failed spectacularly: smartphones. Amazon was center stage during the annual tech gathering in the desert, as dozens of companies announced plans to integrate Alexa into their upcoming products. Ford, LG, Whirlpool, GE, Lenovo, Samsung, Hyundai and Huawei are a few of the big names that joined the race to bring Alexa to the masses. Apple and Google both approach voice-enabled assistants based on their install bases in mobile and desktop computing, but Amazon entered the market "completely sideways" by bringing Alexa to "all these other connected products," says Tuong Nguyen, principal research analyst at Gartner. With Alexa, Amazon tries to extend universal behavior Instead of relying on a smartphone to be the mobile hub to manage daily tasks, Amazon capitalizes on universal behavior and enables it in different products, according to Nguyen. Conversational interfaces are great extensions to existing products, he says. "It's probably, as far as I can think of, the most natural way to interact with something." The smart home market is young, but it's growing rapidly as IoT makes its way into virtually every product that can benefit from some level of connectivity. Smart home device ownership in the United States more than doubled during the last two years, to 26 percent of U.S. broadband households, and companies are expected to sell nearly 55 million smart home devices in 2020, according to new research from Parks Associates. Amazon grabbed momentum away from Apple and other players in the space and pushed Alexa to a leading position in the U.S. market, according to Brett Sappington, senior director of research at Parks Associates. "With each new partner, the barrier for others to bump Amazon becomes more difficult … to overcome," he says. However, some deep pocketed competitors, including Apple, Google, Microsoft and Baidu, have a real opportunity to recapture momentum, Sappington says. "Amazon has a good lead in everything around us, but Google and Apple are literally in your pocket," Nguyen says. "The challenge (for Amazon) is still not being on a mobile device." Amazon has momentum but lacks market share Amazon has gained quite a bit of momentum in terms of mindshare, but Apple's Siri and Google's various assistants are in far more devices today, according to Jan Dawson, chief analyst and founder of Jackdaw Research. Siri and Google Assistant are "merely features of devices that do many other things," he says. "Alexa, on the other hand, is the only feature on Echo and the other devices that support it, and so voice is the only thing people really think about there." "The challenge for Amazon in circumventing the operating systems is that it's basically impossible to supplant Siri as the default assistant on iOS, and it will be hard to gain much traction on Android devices too," Dawson says. "So although Alexa can be an assistant on smartphones, it's unlikely to be the assistant on the vast majority of those devices." [ Related: 2017 will be big year for AI thanks to tech giants ] Smartphones are the key component to primary assistants, he says. "An assistant is only really useful over the long term if you can use it everywhere, and that's the big advantage that Google and Apple have today." Dawson is also concerned about how well Alexa will perform on smaller gadgets that don't have the hardware benefits of large, dedicated devices. Alexa may only be as good as the hardware that houses it, which makes it more likely to underperform compared to Siri or Google, he says. Patrick Moorhead, president and principal analyst at Moor Insights & Strategy, says he doesn't believe Amazon will hold the lead if Apple, Microsoft and Google respond across platforms. "Amazon has been most successful because they targeted where the competition wasn't," he says. "Google and Apple are focused on mobile devices, Microsoft on PCs and smartphones, and that left speakers, TVs, vacuum cleaners and other miscellaneous devices for Amazon." Consumers largely gravitate to the defaults on their devices, so once Apple, Google and Microsoft realize the cross-platform and wider home-automation capabilities of their OSes, the respective default agents will likely win, Moorhead says. "A challenge for all voice assistants is that connected devices are, for the most part, siloed, making interoperability of devices and apps a challenge," says Sappington of Parks Associates. "For example, asking Alexa (or Siri or Microsoft's Cortana or Google Assistant) to play 'House of Cards' for you requires the voice assistant to have access to and control of both your television and your Netflix app. Getting it all to work together will be no small task." The Rise of 'Data and Analytics' Roles Points to Digital Business Transformation More from Gartner Join the CIO Australia group on LinkedIn. The group is open to CIOs, IT Directors, COOs, CTOs and senior IT managers. Join the CIO newsletter! Join Error: Please check your email address. Tags amazon.comvirtual assistant More about AppleEchoGartnerGEGoogleHuaweiHyundaiLenovoLGMicrosoftNetflixSamsungSmart Editor's Recommendations ​Is Apple under threat? How operational resilience helped RBA survive a siege ​Real estate agents gain some data intelligence Bully building body replacement's tech transformation trips before bouncing back Exclusive: City of Monash leaps towards virtualisation and cloud ​6 ways to show your emotional intelligence Read more Gartner Partner Zone Latest Blog Posts Digital disinterest David Bartlett Why best practice is risky Rob Livingstone Open Government, how ready is Australia? Rory Gregg Related Whitepapers CIO Forum in Association with Dell Technologies The Nervous, the Vigilant and the Battle-Scarred - IT Security Personas Revealed The Rise of 'Data and Analytics' Roles Points to Digital Business Transformation Latest Jobs Account Delivery Lead NSW Life/400 Developers / Programmers - Permanent - North Ryde area NSW Java Developer SA Senior Business Analyst SA Technology Testing Coordinator QLD Biztalk Developer QLD Contract Manager - ICT Solution Development SA IT Risk Specialist (Assurance) - Telco VIC Business Intelligence Consultant NSW Senior Systems Administrator WA Show all jobs Show Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Read next My month with the Surface Book i7 with Performance Base ​Steven Fox leaves Caltex ​Protecting your organisation with cyber-insurance alone is not enough CSO Online In pictures: CIO Summit Melbourne In pictures: CIO50 launch party Atlassian acquires team-management software vendor Trello Market Place WIN a HTC Vive Kit valued at $1399, take this 3 minute survey for your chance to WIN! 6 cities | 20 exhibitors | International & local keynotes | Hear from Mark Loveless 'Simple Nomad' & Jeff Lanza Former FBI - Save your seat at CSO Perspectives Roadshow Participate in this market research and go into the draw to win a Lego Death Star, (valued at $999). Answer 5 quick questions and you could win a Lego Mindstorm EV3, (valued at $499). CSO After MongoDB, ransomware groups hit exposed Elasticsearch clusters WhatsApp vulnerability could expose messages to prying eyes, report claims Suspected NSA tool hackers dump more cyberweapons in farewell Guccifer 2.0, alleged Russian cyberspy, returns to deride US Siblings arrested in Italy's worst cyberespionage operation ever Computerworld The Australian Square Kilometre Array Pathfinder finally hits the big-data highway Microsoft slates end to security bulletins in February Telstra to guarantee connectivity over key subsea cable routes Computerworld news now available via Alexa Flash Briefing Will Trump's policies increase IT employment? ARN Security concerns remain as open source usage surges Will Arris International buy Brocade's networking business? Former Dimension Data exec to fill VP operations role at UltraServe InfoTrust - Specialising in security ​Changing of the channel guard in 2017 Techworld Social networks let the rich buy influence 5G spectrum squatting case ends in $100M FCC fine The Switch is a mix of Nintendo's past consoles Microsoft slates end to security bulletins in February INU is a pricey personal scooter for the urban consumer CMO Blackmores aims at consumer wellbeing with AI-powered Well bot Ascent360 raises $1.9m funding to help retailers leverage customer data Interview: The business case for mixed reality in marketing Marketing, sales and IT could be up for big pay rises in 2017 Design thinking: Leading with experience Send Us E-mail Privacy Policy [Updated 3 Mar 14] Advertising Books CSO Subscribe to emails IDG registered user login Subscribe to IDG Publications Contact Us Copyright 2017 IDG Communications. ABN 14 001 592 650. All rights reserved. Reproduction in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of IDG Communications is prohibited. IDG Sites PC World GoodGearGuide Computerworld CMO CSO Techworld ARN CIO Executive Council IDG Education IDG Government IDG Health
Features Reviews Phones Android iPhone Windows Phone Apps Computers Laptops Lenovo Tablets Windows Tutorials Events More Audio Crowfunding Design/Concepts Gadgets Gaming General Photo/Video Web Ubergizmo in French Ubergizmo in German Ubergizmo in Italian Ubergizmo in Spanish Android Wear 2.0 Release Likely Next Month By Adnan Farooqui on 01/12/2017 06:45 PST Google was initially supposed to release Android Wear 2.0 in the fall last year but the company decided to delay it because it wanted to polish things up a bit. Google said back then that it would release Android Wear 2.0 early in 2017. It appears that we might finally have a launch date. Android Wear 2.0 release is now likely to take place in February. Google has been sending out emails to developers informing them that the next major update of its OS for wearable devices is going to be released early next month. Android Wear 2.0 was announced back at the Google I/O 2016 conference. It brings a handful of new customization and messaging features aside from a plethora of user interface and user experience tweaks. It also puts the Play Store on smartwatches so it will be easier for users to download apps for their smartwatches. The email that Google is sending out to developers is to inform them that “Android Wear 2.0 is launching in early February 2017,” and that they should start optimizing their apps for the latest iteration. Many of Google’s biggest Android Wear partners decided not to launch new smartwatches last year. It’s likely that they might come out with a couple of new smartwatches after Android Wear 2.0 is released. Filed in Gadgets. Read more about Android Wear, Google and Wearable Tech. Source: 9to5google Related Articles 2017-01-06 ZTE To Launch Android Wear Smartwatch Later This Year 2017-01-04 Casio Pro Trek WSD-F20 Smartwatch Announced 2017-01-04 New Balance Gets Into The Smartwatch Game With RunIQ 2017-01-04 Swarovski Smartwatch Launch Confirmed For Baselworld 2017 2016-12-22 Google Confirms Which Devices Will Be Upgraded To Android Wear 2.0 2016-12-22 Google Confirms Two Flagship Android Wear Smartwatches In 2017 2016-12-13 Google Acquires Smartwatch OS Maker Cronologics 2016-11-21 Tap To Pay Could Be Coming To Android Wear Soon Your Netflix Binge Watching Isn’t Doing The Environment Any Favors Hasbro Is Letting You Vote For Monopoly’s New Tokens Online Nintendo Hid A Message For Hackers In The NES Classic Final Fantasy XV Glitch Exposes Unexplored, Unused Areas In The Game User Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments
Skip to content Naked Security Computer Security News, Advice and Research sophos.com Free Tools Go Award-winning computer security news Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn Feed Fee-fi-fo-fum, do I want Google to sniff my network traffic, all of it? 28 Apr 2015 4 Android, Cryptography, Google Post navigation Previous: Google blushes over Google Maps showing Android icon urinating on Apple icon Next: FBI: Hacktivists targeting US law enforcement as anti-police sentiment grows by Paul Ducklin 0Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google+ Share on LinkedIn Share on Reddit Google is getting a lot of publicity for a business venture called Project Fi. Dubbed rather grandly as “a new way to say hello,” the service seems to be a joint project with US mobile providers Sprint and T-Mobile. You’ll need a Nexus 6 phone and an invitation to get on board at the moment, but fi, ah, if you do, your mobile data experience will leap automatically between cellular and Wi-Fi networks, depending on what’s available. The idea is that you’ll save money, because when you’re not using 3G or 4G, you’ll be on an unmetered wireless connection that’s part of your $20/month flagfall fee. When you do wander onto 3G or LTE (4G), you’ll pay the low, low price of just $10/GB for your data. To a non-American like me, in a part of the world where internet access is readily available, but at a price, and who looks at US fixed-line data speeds and costs with some envy… …that doesn’t seem super-cheap. I can pay $4/GB for 3G/LTE data access, no contract or flagfall, pay-as-you-go, with free Wi-Fi whenever I’m in range of the provider’s wireless networks. Actually, it’s as low as $2/GB if I do half of my work in the small hours of the morning. Where Google’s plan differs in an added-value way is this: There are two providers in the game, meaning more LTE and more Wi-Fi access points to choose from. Handover between Wi-Fi and the cellular network is automatic, just as it is on the cellular network alone. The service runs through a Google VPN, at least when you are on the Wi-Fi network. VPN to the rescue The VPN, short for virtual private network, is a good idea to cushion the problem of using open Wi-Fi access points. If the access point has been hacked, or there are wireless sniffers (eavesdroppers) in the vicinity – and you may as well assume both – then an open access point means your data can be recorded, and your network traffic easily diverted or modified along the way. Indeed, that’s the reason we recommend using your own VPN when you are on the road and connecting via it’s-safer-to-assume-they’re-dodgy networks. VPNs encrypt all your network traffic, even innocent-looking packets like pings, between your device and your home, head office or service provider. Only once the traffic has made it safely home is it decrypted it for transmission onto the open internet. Sure, it can be sniffed from then on, but at least you are no less secure than if you were sitting at home, or in the office. You’ve removed the uncertainty of the eavesdroppable and possibly-tainted path through the free-for-all of open Wi-Fi. But, as numerous Naked Security readers have pointed out in comments and tips, setting up a VPN is as easy on your mobile device as it is difficult on your own server at home. True, a VPN server is not terribly hard if you use the free Sophos UTM Home Edition, but you do have to configure and connect a spare computer (or virtual machine), and then install and configure the UTM firmware first. It’s fairly easy, and excellent value at $0, but it isn’t just a simple button-click. If you haven’t done anything like it before, you will probably need to ask an IT-savvy friend to help. Google, by providing the VPN in the cloud, will bypass the need to ask your chums for favours. For many people, that alone, and the simple (if surprisingly uninexpensive, at least to me) pricing plan, will probably be very attractive. The real cost of free $20/month+$10/GB The real question is, “Do you want your VPN to terminate inside Google’s infrastructure?” As we mentioned above, once your mobile traffic exits the other end of your VPN, it’s back to normal, and subject to the same sniffability, hackability and monitoring for targeted advertising as usual. And if you run a VPN via your home ISP, there’s certainly a risk of trouble, whether it’s hackers inside your ISP, dud security on your home router, or lawful interception deeper in the network. Google has a pretty good record of not getting hacked, even if it rather dodged a bullet with some of its Android vulnerabilities. (The crooks seem to have ignored them so far because they’re still finding they can simply invite users to install malware, instead of using subterfuge and exploits.) Google will bypass your home router for your mobile device VPN, because the VPN terminates in Google’s network, not yours. And lawful interception regulations apply to all ISPs, not just Google. Yes or no? Even with all of the above plus points, however, some people will have a short answer to, “Do you want your VPN to terminate inside Google’s infrastructure?” Project Fi will give Google access to yet more information and metadata about your online habits, in addition to what it gets from search, ads, YouTube, Gmail and more. So those people will answer, “No.” At $20/month plus $10/GB, will you really gain on the roundabout what you’ll lose on the swings? Follow @duckblog Sophos UTM Home Edition Prefer to run your own VPN at home for your laptops and mobile devices? Try our award winning UTM. The Home Edition includes all the Sophos UTM features: a VPN, email scanning, web filtering, web application security, and everything you need to keep up to 50 devices on your home network secure, 100% free for home use. In you live in a shared house, or you have children to look out for online, this could be just the product you need. Better yet, you get 12 free licences for Sophos Anti-Virus for Windows that you can install and manage throughout your household, right from the UTM web console. Understanding firewalls and secure gateways Listen to our Sophos Techknow podcast, Firewalls Demystified (Audio player above not working? Download, or listen on Soundcloud.) 3G cost of free LTE Project Fi virtual private network vpn Wi-fi Free tools Sophos Home for Windows and Mac XG Firewall Home Edition Mobile Security for Android Virus Removal Tool Antivirus for Linux Post navigation Previous: Google blushes over Google Maps showing Android icon urinating on Apple icon Next: FBI: Hacktivists targeting US law enforcement as anti-police sentiment grows About the author Paul Ducklin Paul Ducklin is a passionate security proselytiser. (That's like an evangelist, but more so!) He lives and breathes computer security, and would be happy for you to do so, too. Follow him on Twitter: @duckblog 4 comments on “Fee-fi-fo-fum, do I want Google to sniff my network traffic, all of it?” Tyler says: April 29, 2015 at 6:06 am You mean you’d prefer that Sprint sniff your traffic? Or maybe Verizon? Because that’s the choice you’re making. Your provider sees your traffic, no way around that. So all that’s left for you is to pick who you want that to be. When your alternative is a company that actually makes you PAY MORE to have them not sell your identity to advertisers, no amount of privacy fud would convince me to choose Verizon or AT&T over Google. Reply Paul Ducklin says: April 29, 2015 at 1:56 pm Except, as I understand it, the mobile providers’ regular 3G/4G service offerings [a] don’t automatically suck you through a VPN with a backend inside their networks and [b] aren’t predicated upon leaving your Wi-Fi connection turned on on all the time as part of the service. (If you prefer to keep Wi-Fi off unless you are actually using it, then Project Fi just becomes a $10-per-GB mobile data plan, but with Google in the networking equation as well. I’ve already got a $4-per-GB mobile plan where I can do the VPN thing myself, and get free, unmetered Wi-Fi when I want to do an OS X update :-) Reply Anonymous says: January 11, 2017 at 5:22 pm Whether or not Project Fi is a good deal for you will be very situational. Obviously, you’ve found a good deal on mobile data where you live. Where I live, the options for Sprint, T-mobile, Verizon, AT&T, or US Cellular come out to roughly $10 or more per gigabyte for the amount of data I normally use, so Project Fi is either as good or better than their price. However, where Project Fi edges them out, in my case, is that the other providers make you pay for the data whether you use it or not, whereas Project Fi only makes you pay for the data you use. If I only use 1.5 GB in a month, I only pay $15 for that month. That same amount of data through another provider would be that same flat $30 or $40 for that data range (>1 GB to 3 GB) each month. Currently, this saves me at least $15 a month. Even if I sign up for a 10 GB plan (much higher than what I normally use with readily available wifi in my area), if I happen to only use 5 GB in a month, Project Fi would give me back $50 on my next bill because I didn’t use the full 10 GB. Through AT&T, I’d be charged the full $80 no matter what. Now, 10 GB for $80 bucks seems like a better deal initially, since it is $8/GB, but that’s only if you use the full amount. If you don’t use the full amount each month, Project Fi could come out less expensive in the long run. And that is also where Project Fi can help you. Since it does connect to wifi when it is available instead of cellular data, you may find you are using much less cellular data if you live in an area where wifi is readily available as the phone is connected to the wifi more than it is to cellular. So lets take that same 10 GB situation into account here. Lets say Project Fi’s wifi priority saves 25% of your data usage. Then, you’d only be using 7.5 GB of data every month instead of your full 10 GB. Through AT&T, that would be $80 each month where I live. Under Project Fi, you’re only paying $75 a month now. Project Fi has saved you $5 a month. If the wifi priority cuts your cellular usage even more, the savings would only go up from there. If you live in a more rural area where the wifi priority of Project Fi doesn’t help much, this may not be a benefit. I trust you have done the research for you own circumstances, so I’m not going to say you are wrong on your assessment. I’m just saying not everyone has your certain set of circumstances, so Project Fi could be a good deal to them. For me personally, it saves me at least $15 each month. And for me, sending my data through Google’s VPN is just fine. Reply Paul Ducklin says: January 12, 2017 at 2:02 pm The provider I was using back when I wrote the earlier comment (I have switched countries since then :-) charged me about $30 for 10GB a month. If if used only, say, 8BG a month (at the time, that was about what I was using, with the rest over free Wi-fi services), then 2GB was indeed wasted, but that’s still around $4/GB. If I went over, I just started the next month sooner by buying another 10GB. As you say, your mileage may vary – but your calculation is greatly simplified because you assessed the implicit cost of trusting Google’s VPN at zero…and the article was sort of about that very assumption. To make it, or not to make it. Reply Leave a Reply Cancel reply Enter your comment here... Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: Email (Address never made public) Name Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Recommended reads Nov14 by Paul Ducklin 9 Wi-Fi shadows cast by your fingers could leak your password Nov08 by Bill Camarda 2 Who needs a Stingray when Wi-Fi can do the job? Dec30 by Lisa Vaas 7 New York begins turning its payphones into free Wi-Fi hotspots Jan16 by Paul Ducklin 6 Young Pirate pulls off Wi-Fi privacy prank – sucks in security experts Jul30 by Lisa Vaas 3 Free Wi-Fi – but it’ll cost you your privacy Jun12 by John Zorabedian 12 Has Apple killed off location analytics with this simple privacy enhancement? SOPHOS About Naked Security About Sophos Send us a tip Cookies Privacy Legal Network Protection XG Firewall UTM Secure Wi-Fi Secure Web Gateway Secure Email Gateway Enduser Protection Enduser Protection Bundles Endpoint Antivirus Sophos Cloud Mobile Control SafeGuard Encryption Server Protection Virtualization Security Server Security SharePoint Security Network Storage Antivirus PureMessage Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn Feed © 1997 - 2017 Sophos Ltd. All rights reserved. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Post to Cancel
News Deals Cell Phone Plans Apps & Games Reviews The Best Forums more Giveaways Features How To Android Development About Contact Advertise Newsletter VRSource SoundGuys TabTimes Charged Trending Pixel XL OnePlus 3T Huawei Mate 9 Honor Magic Galaxy S7 edge Hey there, We have a new app! The best way to stay connected to the Android pulse everywhere. Our new app contains all the top Android news, reviews, app & games and the best deals just for you. Now with Disqus profile integration. Get it on Android Authority newsletter The best way to stay connected to the Android pulse. Our main newsletter is the Android Weekly which is sent every Sunday and contains all the top Android news, reviews and features from the past week. The best way to stay connected to the Android pulse. Android Weekly Breaking News Alerts Trending Articles Review Alerts Deals Alerts View previous campaigns 100% Privacy, No Spam Policy: We value privacy and your email address will be 100% secure. We hate spam just like you do and will never send you too much email, nor will we ever share your information with anyone. Buy now! Name: Subject: Message: Latest Gboard update promises to fix lag issues Newsby Brian Reigh3 days ago 5 509 6 Gboard first made its debut on iOS way back in May, and it wasn’t until December of last year that it made its way to Android. Since its launch, the keyboard has been well-received in general except some users reported input lag, sometimes to an extent where the keyboard was unusable. Well, Google has released a new update for Gboard in the Play Store, and it promises to fix those lag issues once and for all. See also: 10 best Android keyboards May 2, 2016 The search giant renamed Google Keyboard to Gboard back in December, and the biggest addition was the “G button,” which can be enabled in the app settings. Essentially, you can click the button to search on Google without having to leave whatever you were typing. Just like what we saw with Gboard on iOS. Just like other major keyboards, Gboard has multi-language support, and you can type in up to three different languages without having to necessarily switch in between. The problem is (or was), however, various users started reporting lag issues: the keyboard wouldn’t register your taps, word suggestions and autocorrect would freeze the phone entirely, etc. The problem is (or was), however, various users started reporting lag issues: the keyboard wouldn’t register your taps, word suggestions and autocorrect would freeze the phone entirely, etc. If you were one of these users, you’d be happy to know that the latest update seemingly eliminates these bugs. After installing the latest version, you should have no problem with text input, switching languages, and word suggestions. The update is available right now through the Google Play Store, so make sure to click the button below to update your app! Download Gboard from Play Store News Google, Gboard Gboard, Google  Google Play Store  Phandroid Brian Reigh Brian Reigh is a contributor at Android Authority, covering all Android-related news. He has always been passionate about technology, especially mobile technology. He is currently a student at Dartmouth College in Hanover, NH. Deals 88% Unblock All: Lifetime Subscription $313 $39 88% PureVPN: Lifetime Subscription $597 $69 80% Brain.fm: Lifetime Subscription $199.99 $39 Pay What You Want: Learn to Code 2017 Bundle $1,573.00 $35 Show 5 comments The Best   Best Android phones androidauthority   Best Fitness Trackers androidauthority   Best Android Watches androidauthority   Best Bluetooth Speaker soundguys   Best Wireless Bluetooth Earbuds soundguys   Best Headphones of 2016 soundguys Sunday Giveaway   Google Pixel XL International Giveaway! 7 hours ago23 comments Subscribe to Our Weekly Newsletter SUBSCRIBE The field is required Please enter a valid email address Latest News   Moto Z and Moto Z Droid Android 7.0 kernel source code ready for tinkering 1 hour ago   LG G6 promised to be safer from explosions and overheating 4 hours ago   Which Fitbit is right for you? (January 2017) 6 hours ago   Must read: top 10 Android stories 7 hours ago   Google Pixel XL International Giveaway! 7 hours ago Latest Reviews   HTC announces the mid-range HTC U Play 4 days ago   HTC U Ultra hands-on: a major change for HTC 4 days ago 7.8  HTC Bolt review: the better data speed might not be worth it 5 days ago Android Authority APP Get it on About Contact Advertise Newsletter Your source for all things Android! About Contact Advertise Newsletter © 2017 Android Authority | All Rights Reserved.
  SOFTPEDIA® DESKTOP Windows Games Drivers Mac Linux MOBILE Android APK Phones Tablets WEB Webscripts Web Browsers NEWS Softpedia > News > Mobile World FLASH SALE: SpyShelter Firewall      30% OFF! Google Makes Notification Bundling and Direct Reply Mandatory for OEMs GO Phones running Android Nougat must have direct reply Jan 12, 2017 14:25 GMT  ·  By Alexandra Vaidos  ·  Share:  Earlier this week, Google released a new version of its Compatibility Definition Document for Android, and one particular change stands out. Apart from some minor changes, Google has stated that all OEMs will now be required to keep notification bundling and direct reply on Android phones. Whenever manufacturers work on Android OS updates for their smartphones, they may remove some native Android features or replace them with their own versions. Google appears to have singled out such manufacturers and is now making notification grouping and direct reply mandatory. This means that all Android-running smartphones will group notifications in the same way and offer direct reply features, provided that they run the latest OS versions. The Google document makes a number of features mandatory, including Android’s native notification actions, replies, settings access and grouped notifications. This means that notifications will be grouped in the notification shade and users will be able to directly reply to messages from there, without having to open the respective app. The two features are now mandatory for all OEMs The document reads “Handheld device implementations MUST support the behaviors of updating, removing, replying to, and bundling notifications as described in this section.” Moreover, it seems that handheld device implementations must provide the ability to control notifications directly in the notification shade. In addition, manufacturers must keep the ability for users to block, mute and reset notification preferences from a package, both in the control panel or quick settings toggles and settings app. OEMs must also keep “the visual affordance to trigger the control panel in the notification shade.” The new Compatibility Definition Document refers to devices running Android 7.1 and older. Most Android-running smartphones do follow these guidelines already, so perhaps Google was interested in making sure that all manufacturers would keep certain Android OS features. Notification grouping feature has been included in most proprietary Android skins, like Samsung’s TouchWiz, for quite a while now. #Google#Android#OEMs#7.1 Nougat#Direct Reply subscribe feedly old reader newsblur digg reader rss feed reddit it! flip it share it tweet it Related  ·  Hot right now  ·  Latest news Android Wear 2.0 Confirmed to Arrive in Early February Android Distribution Numbers: Nougat (7.x) Under 1%, Froyo (2.2) Finally Out Android Sales Continue to Decline, While iOS Grows in Most Regions Google Patches Severe Exploit in Nexus 6 and Nexus 6P It's Now Possible to Use openSUSE Inside Windows 10, Here's How to Install It Barnes & Noble Halts Sales of Nook Tablets Due to Faulty Chargers Android Co-Founder Andy Rubin Working on a Premium Bezel-less Smartphone Lenovo Confirms New Moto Smartphones Will Be Unveiled at MWC 2017 Linus Torvalds Announces Fourth Linux 4.10 Kernel Release Candidate, Get It Now Debian Outs First Release Candidate of Debian GNU/Linux 9 "Stretch" Installer Sony G3112 and G3221 Smartphones Coming Soon with MediaTek Helio P20 CPUs Linux Kernel 4.9.4 Released with Various ARM/ARM64 and Networking Improvements    Android logo new android apps imo APK: Updated January 15th, 18:31 GMT AndroDumpper APK: Updated January 15th, 18:29 GMT MCPE Master APK: Updated January 15th, 18:27 GMT SuperSU APK: Updated January 15th, 18:24 GMT Geekbench 4 APK: Updated January 15th, 18:20 GMT Xbox Beta APK: Updated January 15th, 18:17 GMT Action Launcher 3 APK: Updated January 15th, 18:14 GMT Reader comments Qualcomm Says Nokia Phone Caught on Video at CES Is a Reference Design Device more on: Nokia 8 i softpedia®     Like 202K    +1 56K     Follow 13K © 2001-2017 Softpedia. All rights reserved. Softpedia® and the Softpedia® logo are registered trademarks of SoftNews NET SRL. Privacy Policy news tip feedback      
Search Reviews iPhone Android How To Reviews iPhone How To Auto About Best 11 Best Weight Loss Apps for 2017 Best iPhone 7 Cases Things Apple Watch Can Do Android Galaxy S7 20 Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Cases Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Deals 5 Best Galaxy S7 Battery Cases 8 Best Galaxy S7 Screen Protectors 8 Best Galaxy S7 Edge Screen Protectors 18 Best Galaxy S7 Edge Cases Deals 5 Best Android Smartphones Under $200 [2016] Best Cheap Android Smartphones [2017] Nexus Android 7.1.1 Nougat Update: What You Need to Know Cory Gunther01/05/2017 Following the global release of Android 7.0 Nougat back in August, Google confirmed multiple other updates were coming soon. Then on December 5th the company officially released Android 7.1.1 Nougat for the Nexus 5X, Nexus 6P and Pixel C tablet. Additionally, it’s available for the Google Pixel and Pixel XL. Below is everything you need to know about Nexus Android Nougat updates. Advertisement Many of the features users love on the Google Pixel and Pixel XL are exclusive to that phone. However, with Android 7.1.1 Nougat some are available for all Android devices, starting with Nexus phones. To kick-off January Google’s already released their latest Android 7.1.1 update and security bulletin. Read: Google Pixel Review: A New Generation of Android As promised, in December the final Android 7.1.1 Nexus update arrived for Nexus smartphones and tablets. Including the new Pixel. At this point all owners should have it, and can expect another update to arrive in January. Other manufacturers are working hard to deliver the same. Like Samsung and Motorola. Advertisement Advertisement Android 7.1.1 Nougat includes a few new features and additional tweaks over the original release, and more could be coming soon. The developer preview is over, Google released factory images and OTA files. At this point all Nexus devices should be on the new software. The first release had some new software features first shown off on the Pixel. Some of those included round icons, app shortcuts on the homescreen and launcher icons, image and GIF support in the keyboard, Night Light and more. The second developer preview looks to mostly be bug fixes, and added a slew of new emoji characters. Which Devices Are Getting Android 7.1.1 Nougat? Of course Google’s new Pixel and Pixel XL run the latest software, and they already received the newest version. Build NMF26O. Furthermore, the Nexus 5X, Nexus 6P, Pixel C tablet, Nexus 9 and Nexus Player are getting it too. Google claimed the Nexus 6 would be added on the 2nd preview, but that never happened. Android 7.1 is still missing for the Nexus 5 and Nexus 6. That said, the Nexus 6 Android 7.1.1 update is finally available as of January 5th. Advertisement In closing, those who were running the beta were oddly last to receive over the air updates to the official release. My Pixel C tablet didn’t get it until December 26th, and others could be experiencing the same problem. How to Get Android 7.1.1 Nougat There are multiple ways to install Android 7.1.1 Nougat today. The easiest of them all however, is to just wait for the over-the-air notification on your device. If you haven’t received it yet, follow any of the steps below. Join the Android 7.1 Nougat Beta (click here) and Enroll your device Download and Install the Factory Image (Instructions) Download and flash the OTA update files manually (click here) Read: Android 7.0 vs Android 6.0 Marshmallow: What’s New Alternatively users can manually install the factory image like many have been doing for years. This is more intensive, requires a full wipe and erase of the device, and is more involved. Then the third method is similar to the beta and over the air update, just done manually. Basically side-loading the update files. This takes some know-how, and will not erase your device. Those on the beta cannot side-load from it to the official build without a full wipe. Android 7.1.1 Nougat Release Date As of right now 7.1.1 Nougat is only available for the devices mentioned above, and running on Pixel phones. It was released on December 5th and now in 2017 everyone should have it. Advertisement If you own the Nexus 6 by Motorola, we have good news. After a short wait Google released factory images and all files of Android 7.1.1 on January 5th. Enjoy it. In closing, those with a Nexus or Pixel are getting the January security patch starting on the 3rd. Expect OTAs to rollout for the first 7-10 days of January. Those with devices from Samsung and others will need to wait a little while longer for Nougat. Motorola and OnePlus are the few to already release Nougat for their devices. At this point there is no information to suggest Google is working on a version of Android 7.1.2 Nougat, but other maintenance releases could be on the way as 2017 continues. That all said for those who aren’t enjoying Nougat, here are fixes for any potential problems you may be facing. 14 Responses 10/20/2016 liviaemily_6 Reply Android 7.1 Developer Preview now available for Nexus 5X, 6P and Pixel C 11/28/2016 John Mitton Reply Google released final Android 7.1.1 Developer sample 2 for Nexus devices earlier this week. Google will release Android 7.1.1 update to Nexus 6P on December 6. 12/17/2016 Paul Reply is 7.1.1 OTA for 6P yet? I still can’t get it via standard Setting, Phone, check for System update though. thanks. 12/06/2016 John Mitton Reply Google adds new emoji and GIF keyboards to Android. latest android keyboard update 12/18/2016 Mircho Mirchev Reply Nexus 6p here, tired of checking still on last beta version. As if Google forgotten about my phone. 12/19/2016 Eric Reply I have not received the 7.1.1 update on My Nexus 9. 12/21/2016 Tia Winbush Reply I have a Samsung Galaxy S7, and have not received an update. 12/27/2016 Dawn Evans Reply Knew there were issues with Android 7.0 so waited until December 27th when I read that 7.1 was out with fixes before installing but the 7.1 is still not available from system update. 12/27/2016 Dale Sundstrom Reply The author is far to optimistic about Nexus updates. My Nexus 5X has yet to receive 7.1.1 OTA on December 27. Update rollouts clearly take much longer than the 7-10 days the author suggests. 12/28/2016 Gohar Reply Awesome Nexus 6 Update Coming 12/29/2016 Jane Reply Nexus 6p no update as of 12/28. Husband’s 5x updated 2 weeks ago. 01/07/2017 Greg Stovall Reply It is now January 7, 2017, and my Nexus 5X, purchased from the Google store, still has not been offered the December 7.1.1 update. I also feel frustrated that my phone has been left out of the roll-out (despite being a Project Fi customer). I’ve done all the steps suggested by support folks (including factory data reset), but none of them have shaken loose an offer of 7.1.1. 01/12/2017 Goel Reply Finally received 3 OTAs yesterday for Nexus 5X. December security update, 7.1.1 and January fix 01/12/2017 Missmelony Reply Got my update this morning 5x Leave a Reply Cancel Reply Your email address will not be published. Comment Name* Email* Website 27 Best iPhone 7 Cases 01/12/2017 Samsung Galaxy Marshmallow Update Info (2017) 01/11/2017
SUBSCRIBE NOWto get home delivery News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Icon Humidity Precip. Winds Open settings Settings Enter City, State or Zip Cancel Set Close settingsFull Forecast Crosswords Washington Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives Newsletters Photo Galleries Portfolio Tracker Scores Newsstand Audio Investigations Policing the USA More News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Crosswords Washington Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives Newsletters Photo Galleries Portfolio Tracker Scores Newsstand Audio Investigations Policing the USA Lightpost Search Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Sign In Subscribe to USA TODAYSubscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account Log Out Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Sign in with FacebookSign in with GoogleSign in FAQ TOP TRENDING x Share 94 4 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest First Look: Toontastic 3D storytelling app lets kids create their own cartoons Google's free Toontastic 3D storytelling app is designed for home and classroom use Post to Facebook First Look: Toontastic 3D storytelling app lets kids create their own cartoons Google's free Toontastic 3D storytelling app is designed for home and classroom use  Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/2jzQlOJ {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. Join the Nation's Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs First Look: Toontastic 3D storytelling app lets kids create their own cartoons Edward C. Baig , USA TODAY Published 9:05 a.m. ET Jan. 12, 2017 | Updated 11:31 a.m. ET Jan. 12, 2017 Through a soundtrack, kids can set a mood inside their 3D cartoon creations. (Photo: Edward C. Baig) NEW YORK—The free Toontastic 3D digital storytelling app that Google launches Thursday for home and classroom use met high praise from exactly the kind of user Google has in mind. That would be my soon-to-be-10-year old son Samuel whose review of the new app is summed up in two words, “totally cool.” The new app lets kids draw, animate and narrate 3D cartoons, which they can use to tell stories or for school reports. Google compares Toontastic 3D to “digital puppet theater” that goes beyond that, since kids can tap into interactive 3D worlds, choose among dozens of customizable characters or draw their own, even set the mood with music. If this sounds somewhat familiar it is because an original Toontastic app for the iPad dates back to 2011, about four years before Google acquired Launchpad Toys, the startup responsible for this make-your-own-cartoon app. The latest version works on iOS and Android and replaces the original Toontastic. Kids can pick scenes for their stories.  (Photo: Edward C. Baig) Google product manager Andy Russell, who was one of the co-developers of the app, says the typical age range is between 6 and 13, with the sweet spot among kids who are 8, 9 or 10. “Storytelling the universal medium,” he says. “We all tell stories whether we’re drawing with crayons, whether we’re in Final Cut or whether we’re writing daily articles.” He says the goal is to inspire kids to be improvisational. The youngsters might get such inspiration from the "idea lab" inside the app, where they can view other creations, or watch a brief video on the keys to storytelling from Pixar story artist Austin Madison. Kids are given three choices when they set out to create their own masterpieces. They can tap on Short Story, which involves creating three one- Kids can choose a short story, classic story or science report.  (Photo: Edward C. Baig) minute scenes—basically a beginning, middle and end. If they tap Classic Story instead, the story is divided into five one-minute parts: setup, conflict, challenge, climax and resolution. And if they pick Science Report, they start out by asking a research question, and follow that up with scenes that address the hypothesis, experiment, results and conclusion in the report. You can view a promotional video for Toontastic here. In a blog post announcing the availability of the free app, Google says: “We hope the app will empower kids to imagine, invent and explore while developing skills for the creative jobs of tomorrow—whether they dream of becoming a filmmaker, a teacher, a designer, a cartoonist, or just want to explore the boundaries of their imaginations.” Judging by Samuel’s reaction, it is well worth checking out. Email: ebaig@usatoday.com; Follow USA TODAY Personal Tech Columnist @edbaig on Twitter 94 CONNECTTWEET 4 LINKEDINCOMMENTEMAILMORE Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/2jzQlOJ NEVER MISS OUT Tech Be the earliest adopter. Know what’s in, what’s out, and what’s awesome before anyone else does, Monday-Friday. Privacy Notice THANKS FOR SIGNING UP FOR THE Tech NEWSLETTER We're sorry. something went wrong. Please try again soon, or contact Customer Service at 1-800-872-0001Sign up for more Newsletters
Startup Launch! Best Industries Funding Incubators Business Plans Naming Home-Based Business The UPS StoreView Grow Strategy Operations Sales Marketing Customer Service Franchises Build Lead Company Culture Productivity Public Speaking Hiring HR/Benefits Women Entrepreneurs Rising Stars T-MobileView Innovate Creativity Invent Design Pivot Technology Cloud Computing Social Media Security Big Data Money Bootstrapping Crowdfunding Venture Capital Borrowing Business Models Personal Finance Inc. 5000 The 2016 US List The 2016 Europe List Apply Inc. 5000 US Special Reports Founders 40 Small Business Week The Inc. Life Icons of Entrepreneurship Hot Spots Spread the Wealth Vision 2020 Secrets of the Inspired Traveler Main Street Video Founders Forum Inspiration Chronicles World's Coolest Offices Lift Inc. Live How I Did It Drinks With… Idea Lab Playbook Productivity Playbook Tip Sheet Origin Stories Ask Marcus Lemonis Events Full Schedule Inc. Women's Summit Inc.5000 Conference & Gala Iconic GrowCo Conference Inc. BrandView NEWSLETTERS MAGAZINE PARTNER CONTENT Inc. BrandView Inc. Branded Content Inc. Franchise LAUNCH! PODCASTS SUBSCRIBE ADVERTISE INC. RADIO BUSINESS TOOLS Send Press Releases Plan for your business Secure Funding Get Published OTHER EDITIONS Inc. ASEAN Inc. Arabia SITEMAP PRIVACY PRESS QUERIES AD CHOICE Search Newsletters Follow Subscribe Today's Must Reads Startup Inc. Events & Offers Inc. Partner Events & Offers Forgot Password? Enter your email to reset your password Or sign up using: New member? Sign up now. Sign in if you're already registered. TECHNOLOGY You Won't Believe the Reason Google Pulled Ads from these Big Sites The basic problem is one that could creep up in many other areas of business as well. By Erik Sherman Erik Sherman's work has appeared in such publications as The Wall Street Journal, The New York Times Magazine, and Fortune. He also writes at Fortune.com and Forbes.com. @ErikSherman Contributor, Inc.com@ErikSherman 1 COMMENTS CREDIT: Getty Images Advertisement Web ads are a major component of online marketing. Google is probably the biggest conduit of digital ads, and that makes it tough when a small company runs afoul of the giant's standards. One of those standards is the demand websites not place Google-served ads on the same page as "inappropriate" content. It's reasonable, as advertisers often insist that their promotions don't appear in such contexts. What isn't reasonable, though, is how often Google will label something as inappropriate when the call seems wildly overreaching. Such popular and long-standing sites as Fark.com, BoingBoing, and Skepchick have found themselves suddenly without ad revenue -- or a clear way to rectify what ultimately turned out to be a mistake on the part of Google. How Fark got waylaid Fark made its problem public this week. For a period of about five weeks in the last quarter of 2016, the site had no revenue from Google AdSense, and the money already in the account was confiscated. Google's "algorithm incorrectly flagged an image put on our site 6 years ago [without warning]," founder and CEO Drew Curtis told me. He describes Fark as what would happen "if the Daily Show ran the Drudge Report." He was told that the site had an image on a 6-year-old post that was "child pornography." Here's the quick version of events that Curtis posted as part of a longer entry. The thread in question, which contained the image flagged by Google Policy, was originally posted back in 2010. The thread linked to an ABC.co.au article about a guy who was acquitted of charges of possession of underage material in Puerto Rico. He'd bought a pirated DVD in Venezuela and was busted by U.S. Customs because there was a picture on the cover that looked like she was underage (I'm certain this picture isn't the same as the image Google flagged, by the way). At the trial a child psychologist even testified that there was no way she could be an adult. Someone managed to locate the actress, however, who flew down and testified in person that she had been 19 years old at the time. He was cleared of all charges. The image in the thread was of the actress, who in addition to being an adult at the time, was fully clothed in the photo. Why did a fully-clothed picture of an actress posted in a comment on the story set off Google's system? Curtis wasn't explicitly told, but the image also had an icon with the words "pedo bear" and a picture of a cartoon bear. (Check the link to his post, scroll down, and you can see for yourself.) The icon is a widespread internet meme about pedophilia that was often edited into existing pictures, no matter what their nature. "I contacted everyone I knew at Google," when the ads went down and money in the AdSense account was unavailable, Curtis said. He eventually contacted "some high up guys" in Google "and none of them could figure out what it was." The fourth quarter, when this happened, is a critical revenue time for Fark. It ultimately took five weeks to resolve the issue, except he didn't receive a refund of the missing money. The financial hit was so hard that he's asking regular visitors to consider a paid membership. "We're done with advertising," Curtis said. "We need to get subscribers." BoingBoing gets the bounce Fark isn't the only site that has found itself on the wrong side of Google's due diligence. Curtis said that he's heard from many other sites with the same experience, although most don't want to speak publicly for fear of being blacklisted by Google. One major site that was willing to talk to me about its experience was BoingBoing, which bills itself as the "award-winning zine, blog and directory of wonderful things" and started in 1988. Publisher Jason Weisberger discussed a similar experience that happened between May and June in 2016. "It was a 10 year old news story ... about an animated character in Japan called Pedobear," which was the start of the meme. "There may have been a picture of a dude in a bear outfit." The article was a news piece that mentioned the character in the headline. As happened with Fark, Weisberger found out by noticing that the ads were cut and, like Fark, he's heard from other publishers with the same experience. "It was completely done by an automated system," Weisberger said. "When we talked to humans [at Google], they said, 'Oh yeah, it shouldn't be happening, but it will fix itself.' We kept hearing the automated system caught it and would fix it, don't worry. Every day would go by and [nothing was fixed]." "We've relied on Google as a source of revenue for 8 to 10 years, and this was the first time something went terribly astray" Weisberger said. "Suddenly something that is double digit percentages of your income disappears. Google's largest source of revenue was being run by robots. A human looking at it would immediately understand." To add to the injury, when Google dropped ad placement, the site suddenly had much more inventory. Automated ad bidding and placement systems used by advertisers noticed the change and so suddenly started offering far less for their ads. Skepchick too A third side is Skepchick, a collection of blogs about science and critical thinking with a feminist twist. Founder and publisher Rebecca Watson has received regular challenges to her content since 2011, when her AdSense account was closed for suspected fraudulent traffic that was actually a post three major sites linked to. She had 5 warnings in 2015 and 11 last year. "They're [almost] always completely ridiculous," Watson said. "I think the most recent one was 'sexually explicit material.'" The link she was provided through AdSense, which she's learned to check frequently, was for a tag called "spanking." "I have dozens of writers on the site," Watson said. "Sometimes they're a little snarky and a little salty. I clicked the link and literally every single post was about the science of spanking your children [and intended for parents]. Not a single post was anything sexual." However, the notifications don't include an option for inaccurately tagged material. "The only options are things like, 'I've edited the content to remove any sexually explicit stuff' or 'I deleted the content' or 'I deleted the ads.'" Watson says that some of the notifications are reasonable, because the site will deal with women's health issues or sexually explicit subject matter. In those cases, she'll edit the post in question or link out to someone else's. But every notification brings worry. "If I can't get through to someone at AdSense [about an alleged problem], I'm screwed for any money that month," Watson said. "Even with AdSense I barely keep up with server costs." Any income comes from other projects and reader donations. What does Google say? I contacted Google and spoke with a representative who said very little. The company will not discuss specific situations with publishers, although the spokesperson did say, "We have a combination of human reviews and automated technologies that help us to scale." She also claimed to have "outreach programs" and ways for publishers to get in touch, such as asking questions on social media or using an online partnership group. "Many of the publishers we work with don't understand how [the system] works," the spokesperson said. To be fair, according to the highly experienced and long-established publishers I spoke with, many of the people they know at Google don't seem to understand how the system works either. I could have received more details, but only "off the record," which meant I couldn't even mention them in this article, so I declined the secret information. [UPDATE (12-Jan-2017 7:45PM): The spokesperson emailed later to stress that all flagged accounts are reviewed by a humans and that "many violations for inappropriate content are flagged by users and advertisers." She provided a link to the written policy on "illegal content image violation," but I lacked the permissions to see the link. However another link to AdSense policies yielded the following: AdSense is a family-safe network. Our policy regarding adult or mature content may include any material that is not appropriate for all audiences. While this obviously includes full nudity or sexual activity, it may also include textually explicit sexual content, image or video content containing lewd or provocative poses, strategically covered nudity, see-through or sheer clothing, and close-ups of anatomy that would be inappropriate if shown nude. Additionally, topics such as sexual health and sex tips may be held to a higher standard of professionalism than content that isn't bordering on mature. Even if there's no adult content hosted on your page, links to adult pages or displaying adult ads from a third party will also be considered as adult content. When in doubt about whether an image or text might be construed as adult content, our general guideline is this: if you wouldn't want a child to see the content, or if you would be embarrassed to view the page in front of colleagues, then it's probably not family-safe and you shouldn't place AdSense ad code on it. So, the pedobear phrase at Fark or BoingBoing could have been seen in theory as enough to trigger a violation. That said, if the actions were reversed, it does call into question whether the level of human review is enough. There's an interesting Harvard Business Review article, which I mention below in the body of the post, by two researchers at Microsoft Research about the human review that takes place with AI systems. The article raises the questions of whether the people who perform the review are necessary have the training, cultural references, or even English skills to perform the work. One reviewer that the authors met in India had to ask her teenage sons whether some word was "bad" in English. She allegedly does temp work for such companies as Microsoft, Facebook, Twitter, and Google to "train the algorithms that will curate online content."] The coming scary future Clearly sites that depend on Google for advertising face a problem. Highly automated systems can make decisions that can seem arbitrary, and getting human review may be harder than vendors claim. Another complication, according to senior researchers at Microsoft Research Mary Gray and Siddharth Suri in a Harvard Business Review article, is that often, human review when "AI falls short" happens in other countries with other cultures and may be undertaken by people whose English skills are poor. Just because a business doesn't use Google AdSense doesn't mean it is free from the bigger trend and issues. Companies are increasingly pushing decisions onto AI-powered systems. Bridgewater Associates, the world's largest hedge fund, is looking to "automate decision making to save time and eliminate human emotional volatility." [UPDATE (12-Jan-2017 7:53PM: Another example is a Japanese insurance firm, Fukoku Mutual Life Insurance, which is replacing 34 employees who used to calculate insurance payouts with an AI system.] What happens when these decisions are used by vendors to make credit decisions, manage product availability for clients, and otherwise handle processes that are critical to smaller customers? Such efficiencies might prove to be great ways for large companies to save money but poor for the entrepreneurs who have to live with sometimes painful and damaging consequences. The opinions expressed here by Inc.com columnists are their own, not those of Inc.com. Published on: Jan 12, 2017 Advertisement
Tech Entertainment Business Social Deals Podcast About Security Image Source: Shutterstock Google may be forced to stop reading your Gmail for ads Chris Smith @chris_writes January 11th, 2017 at 5:48 PM Share Tweet The European Union is looking to take additional steps to guard the privacy of European internet users. The new initiative might limit the power of internet companies when it comes to collecting user data for various purposes. Targets include Facebook, WhatsApp, Google, Apple and pretty much any other company that handles any sort of user data. The new initiative might, for example, force Google to stop reading your Gmail to serve targeted ads without your approval. Don't Miss: Company that made exploding Galaxy Note 7 batteries announces breakthrough for electric cars The European Commission said in a press release on Tuesday that it proposes a “high level of privacy rules for all electronic communications and updates data protection rules for EU institutions.” The updated rules would treat telecom operators and internet service providers similarly when it comes to the handling of user data. Internet companies including Facebook, WhatsApp, Google, Apple, and others would have to guarantee that messages, voice calls, and email conversations are confidential. The new proposed laws would also affect cookies, which companies can use for various purposes including tracking users online. The new rules should make users “more in control of their settings, providing an easy way to accept or refuse the tracking of cookies and other identifiers in case of privacy risks.” Users will have to explicitly opt-in when it comes to sharing data with third parties. Services that use location data and other metadata would still be available to internet companies, and the EU believes they’ll bring over new business opportunities. But privacy has to be guaranteed, and businesses would have to ask for consent before using any data from their customers. “Privacy will be guaranteed for both content and metadata derived from electronic communications (e.g. time of a call and location),” the EU writes. “Both have a high privacy component and, under the proposed rules, will need to be anonymized or deleted if users have not given their consent unless the data is required for instance for billing purposes.” Naturally, the proposal was met with some opposition, with the European Telecommunications Network Operations (ETNO) arguing that the new rules would still put more pressure on traditional telecom companies. The Interactive Advertising Bureau (IAB) is also unhappy about the new cookie stance the EU is taking, as the new laws could impact advertising revenue. The EU’s new privacy rules are just proposals at this time, but the Commission is looking to “ensure their smooth adoption” by May 25th, 2018. Tags: Apple, facebook, gmail, google View Comments Trending 1 Accessories This portable Wi-Fi router is smaller (and smarter?) than your smartphone 2 Mobile Watch this disgruntled customer drive her SUV through a T-Mobile store 3 Entertainment 9 new movie trailers you need to watch from this past week 4 Entertainment DirecTV Now is seriously broken 5 Apps & Software 8 paid iPhone apps on sale for free today Picked For You Former Android chief Andy Rubin to release a high-end iPhone competitor this year By Yoni Heisler January 14th at 3:19 PM $40 device doubles the storage of your 32GB iPhone 7 or 7 Plus By Maren Estrada January 14th at 10:30 AM Whatsapp bug allows viewing of encrypted messages By Chris Mills January 13th at 11:01 PM Advertise About Contact Copyright 2017 BGR Media, LLC Powered by WordPress.com VIP | Privacy Policy | Your Privacy Rights | Terms Of Use ad
Startup Launch! Best Industries Funding Incubators Business Plans Naming Home-Based Business The UPS StoreView Grow Strategy Operations Sales Marketing Customer Service Franchises Build Lead Company Culture Productivity Public Speaking Hiring HR/Benefits Women Entrepreneurs Rising Stars T-MobileView Innovate Creativity Invent Design Pivot Technology Cloud Computing Social Media Security Big Data Money Bootstrapping Crowdfunding Venture Capital Borrowing Business Models Personal Finance Inc. 5000 The 2016 US List The 2016 Europe List Apply Inc. 5000 US Special Reports Founders 40 Small Business Week The Inc. Life Icons of Entrepreneurship Hot Spots Spread the Wealth Vision 2020 Secrets of the Inspired Traveler Main Street Video Founders Forum Inspiration Chronicles World's Coolest Offices Lift Inc. Live How I Did It Drinks With… Idea Lab Playbook Productivity Playbook Tip Sheet Origin Stories Ask Marcus Lemonis Events Full Schedule Inc. Women's Summit Inc.5000 Conference & Gala Iconic GrowCo Conference Inc. BrandView NEWSLETTERS MAGAZINE PARTNER CONTENT Inc. BrandView Inc. Branded Content Inc. Franchise LAUNCH! PODCASTS SUBSCRIBE ADVERTISE INC. RADIO BUSINESS TOOLS Send Press Releases Plan for your business Secure Funding Get Published OTHER EDITIONS Inc. ASEAN Inc. Arabia SITEMAP PRIVACY PRESS QUERIES AD CHOICE Search Newsletters Follow Subscribe Today's Must Reads Startup Inc. Events & Offers Inc. Partner Events & Offers Forgot Password? Enter your email to reset your password Or sign up using: New member? Sign up now. Sign in if you're already registered. MARKETING 4 White Hat SEO Techniques to Implement in 2017 Search engine algorithms continue to grow smarter. How will you stay ahead of the curve? By Young Entrepreneur Council @yec WRITE A COMMENT CREDIT: Getty Images Advertisement By Kristopher Jones, founder and CEO of LSEO.com. As search engine algorithms become smarter on a daily basis, businesses -- both local and enterprise level --must keep clean SEO techniques at the forefront. The days of black hat SEO tactics, such as keyword stuffing, hidden text, link schemes and rich snippet markup spam, are long gone. White hat SEO is a must for any digital marketing campaign in 2017. Based on Searchmetrics' 2016 Rebooting Ranking Factors study of Google's top search ranking factors, content and user intentions were Google's top focus that year -- a trend that will continue to be prevalent this year. Focusing on content and how it directly influences user factors, such as click-through rates (CTR) and bounce rates, let's discuss what white hat SEO techniques will keep your ranking results positive. Keep Content Relevant and High Quality Content is king, so keep it relevant, include only the highest-quality expertise on the subject matter, and make sure grammar is correct. The No.1 goal of any type of content is to problem solve. Make sure your content solves problems, adds value and entertains. If you can cover these elements with a passionate outlook on your industry, your content will surpass the competition. Algorithms and humans can quickly spot thin and irrelevant content, which can dissolve any website authority you may have. If you hire writers and editors, find the best even though they're an added expense. Never let something lacking in relevance or quality go live. Consider Your Content's Length and Keywords There was a time when a post could be a few hundred words and rank well. Though this is still true in some cases, top industry players have longer-form content. According to a serpIQ study, the average content length of the top 10 results on search engine results pages was more than 2,000 words. This shows algorithms that you're trying to educate viewers by offering more information and, naturally, leads to more keyword opportunities. In addition, you'll want to have keyword-optimized title tags to ensure consistency in your webpage's indexing and ranking. Refurbish Old Content Outdated content makes your site look stale from both an algorithm and user perspective. You can delete or use a 301 redirect (this sends users to the new URL, which is time-consuming) for old content, but your best option is to refurbish it. Refurbishing old content keeps the page fresh and improves its quality because you're giving it a new feel with a modern perspective. Go through and update your old content, but do so wisely. For example, you could make a static URL for an events page without specifying the year, and update that page yearly. In other words, start an archives page on the original URL instead of simply deleting old content. This will also give the original URL more authority by strengthening its domain every year. Pay Attention to Other Top-Ranking Factors The other top ranking factors heading into 2017 are user intentions, such as click-through rates, bounce rates and time on site (TOS). Good content will naturally lead to these user factors. According to data from Contently, 35 percent of readers spend less than 30 seconds engaging with downloadable content, so make sure the opening sentence and lead image/graphic is engaging. As well, edit every sentence for accuracy and grammatical structure -- the secret to good writing is rewriting. Each piece of content needs a strong title to draw in readers. Spend as much thought as necessary on titles as you do the content creation itself. Content creators should write titles instead of SEOs or web developers, since keyword-rich titles alone aren't as effective as relevancy. Concluding Thoughts White hat SEO has been in favor for many years now and will continue to be in favor as long as businesses are marketing themselves online. Due to the increased presence of machine learning throughout algorithms, search engines are continually becoming smarter. These algorithms can immediately recognize low-quality content and discredit a website. A feasible way to battle this is by implementing the white hat content-building techniques above. Kristopher B. Jones is a prominent internet entrepreneur, investor, public speaker, best-selling author and the founder and CEO of LSEO.com. The opinions expressed here by Inc.com columnists are their own, not those of Inc.com. Published on: Jan 12, 2017 Advertisement
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search 0 Mail Tech Home Follow Us Reviews How To Deals Video Games Pogue Apple Google may be forced to stop reading your Gmail for ads Chris Smith BGR NewsJanuary 11, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share The European Union is looking to take additional steps to guard the privacy of European internet users. The new initiative might limit the power of internet companies when it comes to collecting user data for various purposes. Targets include Facebook, WhatsApp, Google, Apple and pretty much any other company that handles any sort of user data. The new initiative might, for example, force Google to stop reading your Gmail to serve targeted ads without your approval. Don't Miss: Company that made exploding Galaxy Note 7 batteries announces breakthrough for electric cars The European Commission said in a press release on Tuesday that it proposes a “high level of privacy rules for all electronic communications and updates data protection rules for EU institutions.” The updated rules would treat telecom operators and internet service providers similarly when it comes to the handling of user data. Internet companies including Facebook, WhatsApp, Google, Apple, and others would have to guarantee that messages, voice calls, and email conversations are confidential. The new proposed laws would also affect cookies, which companies can use for various purposes including tracking users online. The new rules should make users “more in control of their settings, providing an easy way to accept or refuse the tracking of cookies and other identifiers in case of privacy risks.” Users will have to explicitly opt-in when it comes to sharing data with third parties. Services that use location data and other metadata would still be available to internet companies, and the EU believes they’ll bring over new business opportunities. But privacy has to be guaranteed, and businesses would have to ask for consent before using any data from their customers. “Privacy will be guaranteed for both content and metadata derived from electronic communications (e.g. time of a call and location),” the EU writes. “Both have a high privacy component and, under the proposed rules, will need to be anonymized or deleted if users have not given their consent unless the data is required for instance for billing purposes.” Naturally, the proposal was met with some opposition, with the European Telecommunications Network Operations (ETNO) arguing that the new rules would still put more pressure on traditional telecom companies. The Interactive Advertising Bureau (IAB) is also unhappy about the new cookie stance the EU is taking, as the new laws could impact advertising revenue. The EU’s new privacy rules are just proposals at this time, but the Commission is looking to “ensure their smooth adoption” by May 25th, 2018. Trending right now: Exclusive: This image could be the world’s first look at the Galaxy S8 This rugged battery case doubles your Google Pixel’s battery life The simple and creepy reason Google Maps knows when there’s traffic See the original version of this article on BGR.com Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share What to Read Next 9 tech-friendly gifts for people obsessed with travel Yahoo Tech Make Every Play a Highlight Best BuySponsored Galaxy S7, S7 Edge Get Android Nougat Update International Business Times Wristband monitors your blood alcohol content while you drink Yahoo Tech Got 50 bucks burning a hole in your pocket? Here’s the best tech to spend it on Digital Trends 2017 Honda Accord Central Iowa Honda DealersSponsored Showdown in the South China Sea: China’s artificial islands explained Digital Trends $40 device doubles the storage of your 32GB iPhone 7 or 7 Plus BGR News Privacy |Terms |About our Ads |Suggestions Brought to you by Yahoo Finance
Mashable We're using cookies to improve your experience. Click Here to find out more. Mashable Mashable Asia Mashable Australia Mashable France Mashable India Mashable UK Sign in Like Follow Follow Mashable see more  > Search Videos Social Media Tech Business Entertainment World Lifestyle Watercooler Shop More Channels Videos Social Media Tech Business Entertainment World Lifestyle Watercooler Shop Company About Us Licensing & Reprints Archive Mashable Careers Contact Contact Us Submit News Advertise Advertise Legal Privacy Policy Terms of Use Cookie Policy Apps iPhone / iPad Android Resources Subscriptions Sites Mashable Shop Job Board Social Good Summit Tech Like Follow Follow Google launches Toontastic 3D, a new app for kids to animate with 3.7k Shares Share Tweet Share What's This? By Freia Lobo2017-01-12 14:01:18 UTC Google just launched a new storytelling app that will help kids create their own cartoons. It's called Toontastic 3D. Kids can use it to make animations using a set of built-in characters or create their own using the app's editor and camera. They can record sound and create a story, which is then saved as a 3D video.  A demo video for the app shows how you can draw a character in a 2D space, basically how you would in any paint program. The character is then rendered in 3D and inserted into a campfire scene. In 2014, Google announced plans to revamp its products with a 12-and-under focus. Since then, the company has announced several standalone apps for kids, including YouTube Kids.  The company has also launched several family-oriented experiences with increased parental controls. Google acquired kids app-maker Launchpad Toys in early 2015 as part of its effort to push into kids technology. After the acquisition, Launchpad made its apps free for everyone.  And Google previously launched Telestory, an augmented reality video camera for kids to record their own TV shows. Both apps are widely praised by parents and educators.  Toontastic 3D is available for Android and iOS as of Thursday morning—if you're not seeing it yet, give your preferred app store some time to update.  Topics: Apps and Software, Google, Tech, toontastic 3d About Us Jobs Advertise Subscribe Privacy Terms Mashable is a global, multi-platform media and entertainment company. Powered by its own proprietary technology, Mashable is the go-to source for tech, digital culture and entertainment content for its dedicated and influential audience around the globe. ©2005-2017 Mashable, Inc. Reproduction without explicit permission is prohibited. All Rights Reserved. Designed in collaboration with Code & Theory
Sections SEO SEM Mobile Local Retail Google Bing Social Home Submit Follow Us Follow SEO SEM Mobile Local Retail Google Bing Social More Submit Follow SUBSCRIBE Subscribe Search Engine Land Pop-up Problems? Google has rolled out the mobile intrusive interstitials penalty Mobile ads Google to launch automated call extensions on Feb. 6 Subscribe to SearchCap SUBSCRIBE SEO SEM Mobile Local Retail Google Bing Social Home SEO Everything you need to know about SEO, delivered every Thursday. SUBSCRIBE Google has officially killed off their link command Google tells webmasters and SEOs to stop using the link command, that it is officially dead and not functioning properly. Barry Schwartz on January 12, 2017 at 8:34 am More A Google spokesperson has confirmed with Search Engine Land that the company’s link command is no longer functioning. Google told us the feature is no longer around, and using a link:www.domain.com will likely return irrelevant results. We saw signs of this going away a year ago, but then Google told us the link operator “is not dead.” Now, Google is telling us the link operator is essentially dead. Yesterday, Google’s John Mueller told webmasters not to use it. Of course, most webmasters already have known not to use it for years and years now. But as long as the link operator returns any results, it can be deceiving and imply that the function does work. Google has not commented on when they will make sure the command returns nothing or a message that it no longer works. But for now, Google has confirmed with us that the feature is not working at all now. If you want to see your links, there are plenty of third-party tools, and also access to your link report, in the Google Search Console. About The Author Barry Schwartz Barry Schwartz is Search Engine Land's News Editor and owns RustyBrick, a NY based web consulting firm. He also runs Search Engine Roundtable, a popular search blog on very advanced SEM topics. Barry can be followed on social media at @rustybrick, +BarrySchwartz and Facebook. For more background information on Barry, see his full bio and disclosures, click over here. Sponsored We're listening. Have something to say about this article? Share it with us on Facebook, Twitter or our LinkedIn Group. Attend Our Conferences March 21-23, 2017: SMX West June 2017: SMX Advanced October 24-26, 2017: SMX East × Attend SMX - Click Here Learn More About Our SMX Events Gain new strategies and insights at the intersection of marketing, technology, and management. Our next conference will be held: May 9-11, 2017: MarTech San Francisco October 2-4, 2017: MarTech Boston × Attend MarTech - Click Here Learn More About Our MarTech Events Take the MarTech Quiz Think you know martech? Find out by taking this 3-minute quiz. See how you score and share it with friends! Let's Get Started White Papers Benchmark Report: 2017 State of Customer Marketing How SEO + UX Can Thrive Together Social Media ROI Template How an Insight Community Creates More Effective Brand Marketing How to Keep Your Customers From Cheating on You See More Whitepapers Webcasts 5 Disruptions Reshaping Marketing As We Know It Integrated Marketing Analytics: Creating a single source of data truth Video Marketing 2017: What You Need to Know See More Webcasts Research Reports Content Marketing Tools B2B Predictive Marketing Analytics Platforms Social Media Management Software Call Analytics Platforms Paid Media Campaign Management Platforms B2B Marketing Automation Platforms See More Research The Periodic Table of Seo Success Sign up for our daily newsletter. SUBSCRIBE Follow Us © 2017 Third Door Media, Inc. All rights reserved.
Enterprise BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 Hot startup Cloudflare is putting itself right in the middle of a crucial battle between Google and Facebook Matt Weinberger Jan. 12, 2017, 8:59 AM 5,198 facebook linkedin twitter email print Cloudflare CEO Matthew Prince Reuters Cloudflare, one of the startups that secretly runs the internet by handling as much as 10% of all web traffic, is making a big upgrade that it promises will be the first step towards making the mobile web five times faster. What Cloudflare is offering is a new way, developed with some help from Google, to load AMP pages — those quick-loading, single-page articles that often pop up on your smartphone (denoted by a little lightning bolt). If the publisher is a Cloudflare customer, this change will mean offering readers a faster browsing experience without having to give a ton of control to Google, which is currently is the only company that hosts AMP pages. It might seem like a small change, but Cloudflare, backed by investors like Google and Microsoft, is actually putting itself right into the middle of an industry-wide battle between Google, Facebook, and publishers. And from Cloudflare CEO Matthew Prince's perspective, at stake is nothing less than the future of the web itself. "In this particular story, the way we would see it, if there's a villain, it's Facebook," Prince says. History lesson Back in 2015, Facebook unveiled Instant Articles, its bid to have publishers (including Business Insider) put their articles directly into the Facebook's servers, rather than have them hosted directly from their own websites.  The pitch was that Facebook hosting these articles would provide a much faster, cleaner experience for mobile readers—  10 times faster, in fact . From the Facebook mobile apps, tap an article with the little lightning bolt logo, and boom, the article loads. No muss, no fuss, no worrying about obtrusive auto-playing videos or slow-to-load graphics.  In early 2016, Google fired back with AMP, a similar technology with a similar sales pitch, only this time showing up in the Google search engine on smartphones. It was a crucial tactical move for Google: Facebook Instant Articles could draw more people looking for news away from Google, posing a threat to its advertising business. BII "They are fighting like crazy for the online publisher ecosystem and the online ad ecosystem," says Prince. This puts publishers between a rock and a hard place. If you don't turn to these speed-boosting technologies, readers might not click (not least because Google is now prioritizing AMP articles in mobile search). If you do, you're basically committing to ceding all kinds of control to Facebook, Google, or both. Prince says that Cloudflare hosted a roundtable of CTOs from publishers about six months ago, and the mood was decidedly "fatalistic," as they lamented the fact that they were basically beholden to these two tech titans. The way out Theoretically, AMP — unlike Facebook Instant Articles — is a set of open technologies that any publisher can use. In practical usage, though, that's not really the case: Google owns the only so-called "cache," the system from which websites are served, that fully supports AMP, as they work on perfecting the technology. "They are committed to an open internet, but speed matters and performance matters," Prince says.  So while Google means well here, Prince says, AMP hasn't been as open as publishers were perhaps hoping it would be. You still have to give your content over to Google to take advantage, which is suboptimal for publishers.  Facebook This is where Cloudflare swoops back into the picture. By working with Google as the first AMP partner, Cloudflare is contributing to making AMP "a really open standard," Prince says. And this announcement of loading mobile AMP pages seems subtle, but it's the first time that these lightning-quick pages are served out of Cloudflare's system, and not Google's. It's something publishers have been asking for. Given that many sites are already Cloudflare customers, this announcement representatives the first few tentative steps towards giving publishers the option of hosting AMP pages where they want, how they want, without changing anything or ceding any additional control to Google or Facebook. Prince expects other companies will sign on, too. Future vision A big source of concern for the publishing industry is how to monetize formats like Facebook Instant Articles or Google AMP, given that they don't support online advertisements as we mostly know them today. To Prince's mind, that's actually a boon: Readers love these super-fast articles not least because they don't support annoying, obtrusive, or even insecure online ads. With Cloudflare's help, Prince expects that AMP will start to become a major standard on the web, and it's a great chance for the industry to kind of start over. Which is also why Facebook Instant Articles pose a threat, too, from his perspective. Facebook is a totally closed system, with Instant Articles only working from within Facebook's own apps, while Google AMP is a way to rebuild the whole, open web. "This is an opportunity to clean up [the web] through the AMP specification," Prince says. SEE ALSO: Guardian CEO David Pemsel tells us how much damage Google and Facebook are doing to the news business NOW WATCH: I found 9 years' worth of messages hidden in my secret Facebook inbox Loading video... More: Google Facebook facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru Hot startup Cloudflare is putting itself right in the middle of a crucial battle between Google and Facebook Hot startup Cloudflare is putting itself right in the middle of a crucial battle between Google and Facebook Cloudflare, one of the startups that... Recommended For You Disclaimer Featured 5 innovations in radiology that could impact everything from the Zika virus to dermatology More "Digital Industry Insider" » We just created the best Google Chrome extension on the market for latest news headlines More "BI Innovations" » Get Enterprise Emails & Alerts Newsletter-controller Sign-Up Learn More » Enterprise Select More Featured 10 Things Before the Opening Bell BI Intelligence Daily Business Insider Select Digital Industry Insider Instant MBA Markets Chart Of The Day Business Insider Events Tech Chart Of The Day Tech Select Top 10 Things 10 Things In Tech You Need To Know Closing Bell Strategy 10 Things You Need To Know In Advertising Advertising Select Careers Select Retail Select Strategy Select Life Breaking News Education Select Entertainment Select Life Select Tech Digital Media Chart Of The Day E-Commerce Chart Of The Day Enterprise Select Fintech Briefing IoT Chart of the Day Mobile Chart Of The Day Payments Chart Of The Day Science Select Finance Finance Insider Markets Select Smart Investor Your Money Select Politics Military Select Politics Select Charts of the Day Sports Chart Of The Day Sports Sports Letter to My Younger Self Basketball great Ray Allen: ’Do you want to fit in, or do you want to embark on the lonely pursuit of greatness?' Read Allen's letter to his teenage self » Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2017 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR IT
MENU Tech Science Health Culture Reviews Features Videos HOMEPAGE Tech Gadgets Computers Phones/Tablets/Mobile Tech Wearable Tech Apps/Software Business Tech Internet Car Tech Security Apple Google Microsoft Smart Home Science Space Robotics Energy Earth/Environment Animals Material Science Ancient Health Healthy Living/Wellness Medicine Public Health Biotech Neuroscience Culture Movies/TV Shows Video Games Geek Life & Style Viral Celebrities Reviews Video Games Features Tech Science Health Culture Advertisement facebook twitter reddit Comment google+ linkedin Email What's app digg Android Device Makers Now Required To Support Notification Bundling And Direct Reply Features, Google Says 12 January 2017, 7:23 am EST By Carl Velasco Tech Times Google - Five Fascinating Facts About The Search GiantNow Playing Latest News And Scoops On SmartphoneNow Playing Google is warning OEMs not to mess with its notification system on Android Nougat, as per a new version of its Compatibility Definition Document. OEMs are now required to support notification bundling, direct replies, and more.  ( Android Developers | YouTube ) Advertisement Earlier this week, Google pushed out a new version of its Compatibility Definition Document for Android. The changes were minimal and did not spell a great deal, save for one particular change in relation to notifications. Google To OEMs: Don't Mess With The Notifications Google now requires manufacturers to refrain from obstructing or in any way removing native notification actions in Android, alongside replies, access to settings, and notification bundling. The latest document informs developers that Google prohibits such behaviors, and OEMs should ensure their compliance of the features in the Android Open Source Project, or AOSP. "Handheld device implementations MUST support the behaviors of updating, removing, replying to, and bundling notifications as described in this section," the document states. Of course, Google didn't specify which manufacturers are violating the said guidelines, although setting it in place and identifying such averse practices should ensure a consistent notification experience on Android devices. Interestingly, the new clause also requires that users be able to toggle settings from a control panel. Most manufacturers already have this in place, though, as users can usually find quick settings when pulling down the notification shade. By versing these new requirements clearly, app developers can properly design the way their products integrate Android's notification features. This ensures that basic functions work on the same platform and across different OEMs. Apart from these, the new clause also requires that users be able to block, mute, and reset notification preferences from a package, and that these options be included in both the inline control panel and in the settings app. The new CDD version applies to all Android devices certified under the Android 7.1 CTS. Notifications In Android Nougat A revamped notification system was one of the most notable features of Android 7.0 Nougat, Google's most recent operating system. Its look and behavior was one of the most overhauled too, having been formatted as full-width elements, while also designed to convey information in a lot less space. There's also notification bundling that makes for a less cluttered control panel shade and a quick reply feature that lets users respond to messages without opening the appropriate app to perform it. The new clause is Google's firm assurance that no manufacturer will mess with its notifications. Other Interesting Things Found On The New CDD Google has also laid out fundamentals for its seamless OS update feature, making the feature optional only. That means manufacturers won't be forced to use seamless A/B updates. The CDD is meant to be Google's guidelines, requirements, and recommendation for OEMs who are planning to use Android as their products' operating system. It's also doubles as a compatibility barometer in relation to what the most recent version of the OS is at a given time. Complying with the CDD will allow OEMs to pass Google's Compatibility Test Suite. Got a smartphone with a wonky notification system or one that features a configuration heavily askew as compared with Google's? Feel free to sound off in the comments section below! TAG Android, Android Nougat, Google, Notifications © 2016 Tech Times, All rights reserved. Do not reproduce without permission. Related Articles Chromebooks Confirmed To Get Android Nougat Integration: Multitasking Improvements In Tow Samsung Galaxy S7, S7 Edge To Start Receiving Android 7.0 Nougat On Jan. 17 Google App For Android Updated With Shortcuts To Various Widgets Google Assistant Expected To Get Keyboard Input: Ask The Android AI With Text Instead Of Voice Soon Nexus 6 Gets Android 7.1.1 Nougat Update As Google Makes Factory Images And OTA Files Available From Our Sponsor Eco-friendly Packaging On Demand Technology Changes The Way Retailers Think About Shipping Packages On-demand packaging can be eco-friendly as well as save costs. Now, who would have thought of that? Packsize did, and it's changing the business of shipping packages. SPONSORED BY Packsize Advertisement Most Popular 1 Ancient Newly Discovered Tombs In Egypt Have Remains Of Babies And Crocodiles 2 Car Tech Tesla Update: New Ludicrous+ Fires Up Tesla Model S P100D To Go From 0 To 60 In 2.4 Seconds 3 Smart Home WATCH: How To Make Alexa And Google Home Talk To Each Other In A Never-Ending Loop Advertisement 4 Phones/Tablets/Mobile Tech Samsung Galaxy J7 (2017) Spotted On Geekbench Running On Android Nougat 5 Healthy Living/Wellness Eating Spicy Chili Pepper May Help You Live Longer 6 Video Games 'Pokémon Sun' And 'Moon' Guide: How To Evolve Eevee Into Sylveon, Leafeon, Glaceon And More 7 Phones/Tablets/Mobile Tech Samsung Galaxy S8: Is The Smartphone Worth The Wait? 8 Phones/Tablets/Mobile Tech Nokia 6 Takes On OnePlus 3T: Camera Comparison Of The Two Smartphones [Video] 9 Internet Kickass Torrents Comeback Bombing? Pirate Bay, ExtraTorrent, Rarbg, Torrentz2, 1337x Remain Top Sites Despite KAT Return 10 Security WhatsApp's So-Called 'Backdoor' Is Not A Vulnerability But A Feature EDITOR'S PICKS Samsung Begins Rolling Out Galaxy S7, S7 Edge Android 7.0 Nougat Update: S6 Variants, Note 5 Next Witness Two Stars Colliding In 2022: How The Red Nova Will Be Visible From Earth [GIF] Asteroid Barely Missed Earth When It Flew By Closer Than The Moon On Monday Company That Wants To Mine The Moon Gets Enough Money For Maiden Lunar Flight Skull, Brain And Clumps Of Hair Found Inside Ovarian Tumor Of 16-Year-Old Kickass Torrents Comeback Bombing? Pirate Bay, ExtraTorrent, Rarbg, Torrentz2, 1337x Remain Top Sites Despite KAT Return Tesla vs Faraday Future: Should Elon Musk Be Worried? Child’s Toy Whirligig Inspired Stanford Researchers To Invent Low-Cost, Hand-Powered Blood Centrifuge Walmart App Lets Buyers Scan Items While Shopping And Skip Checkout Lane Life & Style More Life & Style Boy Grows Out Hair For 2 Years To Donate Wig To Friend With Alopecia WATCH: Diver Mathieu Villegas Captures The Icy Depths Of A Frozen Lake With His GoPro Fort Lauderdale Airport Shooting: Second Gunman Rumors Created Panic Mariah Carey Lip Sync Mishap: Diva Shrugs Off NYE Glitch In A Tweet Gun Violence A ‘Contagious’ Social Epidemic: Yale Study Man Charged With DUI After Testing Positive For Caffeine 2017 Predictions: Why Do Nostradamus, Baba Vanga And The Failed 'Blood Miracle' Spell Doom For The World? New Year's Eve Fun Facts: Beliefs And Traditions To Welcome 2017 TechScienceHealthCultureReviewsFeaturesVideos About Us | Contact Us | Content Licensing | Terms & Conditions | Privacy Policy | Media Kit | BrandSpin © 2016 TechTimes Inc. All rights reserved.
NEWS l l CHANNELS GamesBeat AR/VR Big Data Bots Business Cloud Dev Enterprise Entrepreneur Esports Marketing Media Mobile PC Gaming Security Social Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Multimedia Advertise EVENTS l l VB EVENTS Upcoming Events GET INVOLVED Sponsor Speaker Media Partner Volunteer Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Multimedia Advertise RESEARCH l l CATEGORIES Marketing Tech Mobile Gaming Miscellaneous LEARN MORE VB Top Ten Subscription Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Multimedia Advertise Go! ‹ NEWS › CHANNELS GamesBeat Entrepreneur AR/VR Esports Big Data Marketing Bots Media Business Mobile Cloud PC Gaming Dev Security Enterprise Social ‹ EVENTS › VB EVENTS Upcoming Events GET INVOLVED Sponsor Media Partner Speaker Volunteer ‹ RESEARCH › CATEGORIES Marketing Tech Gaming Mobile Miscellaneous LEARN MORE VB Top Ten Subscription ‹ VENTUREBEAT › About Advertise Careers Contact Multimedia Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Follow us on social: APPS Google launches Toontastic 3D cartoon-making app following Launchpad Toys acquisition Jordan Novet@jordannovet January 12, 2017 6:00 AM Tags: Alphabet, Google, launchpad toys, Toontastic, Toontastic 3D Google today is announcing the launch of a new app called Toontastic 3D for both Android and iOS. The app amounts to a considerable expansion of the Toontastic iOS app kids could use to make cartoon-style video content. The launch comes almost two years after Launchpad Toys, the startup behind Toontastic, announced that it had been acquired by Google “to create even more amazing creativity tools for kids.” Sure enough, that’s happened. Toontastic is now cross-platform, and it also allows its users to work in 3D rather than just 2D. This comes after Microsoft introduced the Paint 3D app, which people of all ages can use. “With Toontastic 3D, kids can draw, animate, and narrate their own adventures, news stories, school reports, and anything else they might dream up,” Google product manager Thushan Amarasiriwardena wrote in a blog post. “All they need to do is move characters around on the screen and tell their story. It’s like a digital puppet theater … but with enormous interactive 3D worlds, dozens of customizable characters, 3D drawing tools, and an idea lab with sample stories to inspire new creations.” ABOUT CONTACT CAREERS ADVERTISE Terms of Service Privacy Policy © 2017 VentureBeat. All rights reserved.
Personalise your weather Join today Login News Breaking News Local Victoria Law & Order Bolt Blog Opinion National World Weird Technology Photos Sport AFL Supercoach AFL Cricket Tennis NRL Football Rugby Racing Golf US Sports More Basketball Video Entertainment Confidential Photos Movies Television Arts Music Books Competitions Awards Leigh Paatsch Business Breaking News Victoria Markets Economy Work Companies Terry McCrann Barefoot Investor Every Step Your Hip Pocket Lifestyle Melbourne Travel Money Health Games Stellar Fashion Home Food Horoscopes Parenting RealEstate News Buying Renting Selling Investing Experts Development Prestige Property Classifieds Tributes Buy & Sell Tradies Cars Jobs Property Business Celebration Notices General Notices Place an Ad Video Entertainment Business Sport Video Lifestyle Travel News Video Tech Search Use keywords to search content on this website Search Use keywords to search content on this website No Cookies To use this website, cookies must be enabled in your browser. To enable cookies, follow the instructions for your browser below. Facebook App: Open links in External Browser There is a specific issue with the Facebook in-app browser intermittently making requests to websites without cookies that had previously been set. This appears to be a defect in the browser which should be addressed soon. The simplest approach to avoid this problem is to continue to use the Facebook app but not use the in-app browser. This can be done through the following steps: Open the settings menu by clicking the hamburger menu in the top right Choose "App Settings" from the menu Turn on the option "Links Open Externally" (This will use the device's default browser) Enabling Cookies in Internet Explorer 7, 8 & 9 Open the Internet Browser Click Tools > Internet Options > Privacy > Advanced Check Override automatic cookie handling For First-party Cookies and Third-party Cookies click Accept Click OK and OK Enabling Cookies in Firefox Open the Firefox browser Click Tools > Options > Privacy > Use custom settings for history Check Accept cookies from sites Check Accept third party cookies Select Keep until: they expire Click OK Enabling Cookies in Google Chrome Open the Google Chrome browser Click Tools > Options > Privacy Options > Under the Hood > Content Settings Check Allow local data to be set Uncheck Block third-party cookies from being set Uncheck Clear cookies Close all Enabling Cookies in Mobile Safari (iPhone, iPad) Go to the Home screen by pressing the Home button or by unlocking your phone/iPad Select the Settings icon. Select Safari from the settings menu. Select 'accept cookies' from the safari menu. Select 'from visited' from the accept cookies menu. Press the home button to return the the iPhone home screen. Select the Safari icon to return to Safari. Before the cookie settings change will take effect, Safari must restart. To restart Safari press and hold the Home button (for around five seconds) until the iPhone/iPad display goes blank and the home screen appears. Select the Safari icon to return to Safari. Also In News... Community order Victorian accountant could avoid jail for avoiding jury duty Victorian jobs Portland’s Alcoa smelter set to stay open after negotiations with government Magistrates’ Court Men charged over commerical cigarette burglaries in Mount Martha, Kew, Surrey Hills, Mitcham and Maribyrnong Major disruptions Melbourne Metro rail tunnel build to shut city roads for up to five years Mornington trio Police search for Jai, Beau and Chase Masters last seen in Mornington Thousands caught Fine dodgers owe more than $1.8 billion to the Victorian Government Australian Open Eight Aussies to try and break Australian Open hoodoo Beggars belief Victorian Greens move to decriminalise begging on Melbourne’s streets ‘Dark clouds’ Nick Kyrgios ad for Nike causes online stir on Australian Open eve Sporting clash Victorian MPs vie to replace Sussan Ley as Minister for Sport ‘Shining light’ Country mothers win as drug trial extended to Australia in bid to combat lethal Niemann-Pick disease Lifetime dream Young gun Jaimee Fourlis holds grand designs for her future in tennis AFL behind Big pay disparity for women between tennis and AFL Jewel warfare Crisis talks to be held to combat raids on Melbourne jewellers Fatal collision Woman dead in two-car collision in Kamarooka, north of Bendigo Sponsored Links Newsletters Mobile iPad App Send Pics News Breaking News Local Victoria National World Opinion Photos Law & Order Technology News in Education Weird Weather The Australian news.com.au Herald Sun The Daily Telegraph The Courier-Mail The Advertiser NT News The Mercury Sport AFL NRL Rugby Union Horse Racing Cricket Football Motor Sport Golf Tennis Boxing/MMA Basketball Netball US Sports Fox Sports Punters.com.au Best Odds Sports TG Business Business Breaking News Markets Economy Work Small Business Companies Terry McCrann In The Black Your Hip Pocket Business Spectator Eureka Report Entertainment Confidential Celebrity Photos Movies Television Arts Music Books Competitions Moshtix Foxtel Lifestyle Melbourne Realestate Travel Home Mag Money Health Food Sunday Style Fashion Parenting Relationships Horoscopes Sudoku Crossword Home Vogue Taste Kidspot Body + Soul Homelife Learning Seat Get Price GetCreditScore Hipages Find Your Local Herald Sun Follow Us Find us on Twitter RSS find out more about our policy and your choices, including how to opt-out here Privacy Policy Subscribe now Relevant Ads Opt-out Cookie Policy About Us Digital Print Edition Newsletter Subscription Contact Us Letter to the Editor For The Record Place an Ad Advertise with us Photo Sales Tributes Shop Careers Journalism Traineeships Work Experience Help Accessibility Site Map Code of Conduct Terms of Use Subscription Terms Group/Corporate Subscriptions Powered by WordPress VIP News Corp 2017 Copyright
Skip to content Home News Sports Metro Plus Politics Business Entertainment Opinion Editorial Columnists Jobs Sections News ‘Adeboye’s retirement’, ‘Pretty Mike’ dominate Google Trend January 12, 2017 Share Tweet Pin it +1 The announcement by Pastor Enoch Adeboye, that he had stepped down as the General Overseer of the Redeemed Christian Church of God Nigeria, was top on Google search this week. Google’s Communications and Public Affairs Manager for Anglophone West Africa, Mr. Taiwo Kola-Ogunlade, made the disclosure in Lagos on Thursday. He said the search was from January 4 to January 11. The spokesman said, “Among the surprises were the retirement of Pastor Adeboye as the General Overseer of the RCCG and the spectacle of Pretty Mike, parading girls in chains at a wedding party and some others, including the first death in Nollywood. “Adeboye recently announced his retirement as the general overseer, with his former Special Assistant on Finance, Pastor Joseph Obayemi as his successor. “It is believed his stepping down is the result of the controversial corporate governance code of the Financial Reporting Council of Nigeria. “The code stipulates mandatory office tenure for general overseers of all registered churches in the country.” Kola-Ogunlade said that popular Lagos club owner Mike Eze-Nwalie Nwogu was in the news again with his not-too-pretty scene in a wedding. He said that Mike, who was rumoured in December last year as being in a relationship with Bobrisky, was recently seen attending a wedding with two ladies chained at the neck. He said that Mike was the co-owner of Club Uno, formerly Q Club on Allen Avenue, Ikeja. Kola-Ogunlade said that the first death recorded in the entertainment sector recently also got online attention. “Despite the excitement of the New Year, it was not enough to stop the death of Toyin Majekodunmi, Nollywood’s veteran Yoruba actress, popularly known as Iya Kike. “Before her death, the actress worked with the Lagos State Ministry of Information for many years. She was married to a fellow actor, Solomon Majekodunmi, popularly known as Baba Kekere.” The Google manager said the rumoured assassination of the Gambia’s President-elect, Adams Barrow, got people’s attention online. “Gambia’s President-elect, Adama Barrow has not been assassinated, contrary to rumours that went around on social media. “Barrow, whose election result was challenged in court by the sitting President Yahya Jammeh, awaits the resolve of leaders from the ECOWAS mediation initiative as they try to persuade Jammeh to step down from power. “ECOWAS has given Jammeh up till Jan. 19 to quit office to allow the swearing in of Barrow on Jan. 20,” the Google image maker said. Kola-Ogunlade asked if Nicki Minaj was ready to move back to her ex? “She is not Nigerian, but she has a wide following among many citizens of the country. “The big news now is that she is single again and, according to the representative of her ex-boyfriend, Safaree is open to ‘igniting’ things as he never stopped loving her. “The two, who dated for over a decade, broke up publicly, after insinuations that Meek snitched on Safaree cheating on Minaj,” he said. The secret trial of the leader of the Indigenous People of Biafra, Nnamdi Kanu, got people’s attention online, Kola-Ogunlade stated. “Kanu is being held for an 11-count charge as well as the operation of an illegal group and the operation of an unlicensed radio station. “He was arraigned at the Federal High Court which held a secret trial for him and three others. “There was heavy security presence within and around the court premises, and even relatives of the arraigned, could not gain access to the court,” Kola-Ogunlade said. Google Trends, launched in May, 2006, allows one to see how popular, search terms and their demogr0aphies have been over time on Google. NAN Adeboye Google trends Pretty Mike Buhari fires FRC boss over Adeboye, others’ tenure It’s a big surprise – RCCG members Oluwo denies labelling Adeboye, Oyedepo fake pastors Adeboye’s story: From lecture hall to global pulpit Group urges Adeboye to rescind resignation as GO How Adeboye’s marriage teachings caused stir Adeboye: Comply with FRC rules, Bakare urges church leaders FG aims to attack church leaders with FRC law —Fayose Trending Why Nigerians will become poorer with rising oil prices Lagos builds road to reduce traffic We must remain united to honour fallen heroes – Ambode ‘Don’t abandon babies over financial difficulty’ Buhari’s 2017 budget of waste and frivolity (1) Search for: Madiba Overcame, We Will! soon? how about now? what are you waiting for? if Buahri was ever not corrupt as some naive people claim, then why his hobnobbing with ex cons, and the who is who in the annals of corruption in Nigeria? he seems to be gathering the left over p*$$ys from PDP. sensible Nigerians should know that the APC will be much worse than PDP. all its members are PDP people Efe1 I guess GEJ is very corrupt because Alams and bode are his right and left hand men! My friend you talk a lot of nonsense. nomso duke U mention but a few,how about those in sox? Almost all of them are as bad as ever. Babatunde Odufuwa U are stupid fool and idiot,APC never form govt before,and pdp has done it for 14,good years no changes at all,open your fucking eyes,majority of pdp members are criminal,they need to be hang,they are all bastards. Madiba Overcame, We Will! and from the way the APC is going, majority of the members will be from the PDP. so looks like old wine in new wine skin, and brainwashed nonentities like you can’t see this. don’t let them use you o. femi THE FORMATION OF THE PDP;S DECAMPING TO THE APC IS TO KICK THAT ASSWIPE PRESIDENT CALLED GOODLUCK JONATHAN OUT OF POWER COME 2015 nomso duke Try if u can. Austin Austin We all have our different views but we should not insult people no matter how much differences we have My friend take it easy GEJdestroyedNAIJA Better for him to insult than shooting them. Blame PDP and GEJ for his frustration. DanEyes Does putting bad apples in a new basket form any base, nor putting new apples in bad basket? They all meant no good for the common man. Let’s be reasonable. I can tell you tenaciously that the alliance built or under construction by these cons will do us no good. Yes, to some extent they believe they’re experienced enough to stir the affairs of the wailing nation nigeria, but have you sort to understand or query their personal intents? Have you sort to question why OBJ endorsed GEJ, and suddenly back out? Have you sort out why APC was formed out of desperation to kick out PDP, giving all sort of persons with/out shared philosophy the mandate to carry on membership? Have you asked yourself if GEJ was prepared to be the president or just a puppet on the ground to be used by PDP cohorts? Please why would Buhari meet with OBJ, Atiku and the likes if the so called APC believes in the cause they so wish to pursue? What becomes of affairs of Nigeria voyage if many captains are invited to the ship heading to a destination unknown? We need answers. Would luring past failures help this nation of ours, or is it still another plan to share the polity resources amongst the affluence? Shaibu Ocheme Ignorance on display. I wonder how you did not know that there are three levels of Governance in Nigeria. The Federal Government, The State Government and the Local Government. the APC has been in power in one guise or the other in Borno State and Yobe State as ANPP or whatever you want to call the name of that organisation put together by Nigerian politicians to loot the public treasury. What did these APC guys like Ali Modu Sherrif introduce in Borno State to better the lives of the people?? He introduced Boko Haram. What did Sanni Yerima introduce in Zamfara State when he was governor? He introduced Sharia law and child marriage. How about the Saraki dynasty that has raped Kwara since time immemorial?? You want to also tell me they have never been in power before, simply because Bukola the crown prince has decided to decamp to APC. My friend you reason like a comedian. By their fruits we already know them. Dress a pig, cloth a pig, a pig will remain a pig. The fact that these vile characters have assumed a different name called APC does not change who they are. They are fundamentally bad and selfish politicians. I bet you if Abacha were alive today and he decamps to join APC, he will become a progressive in the eyes of people like you…..Olodo. nomso duke If majority of PDP members are corrupt why is APC wooing them? Which means the still need those criminals to form their party,u guys are just laughing stock. nomso duke That’s hard truth,that’s why we don’t trust them and the can’t deliver. mr no nonsense We don’t care who u met or planning to meet, so far Nigeria current politics is concern, those men u are going round to meet are dead political.if not rigging, they can’t win their ward talk more of local government of theirs, so u are free to meet with them one thousand times, but all I want u to know is this, get ready for another big cry after 2015 election, the one u cried in 2011 will be a child play compared with the 2015 one. jman How many una b for naija delta wey wan win for 2015 with ur clueless gej mr no nonsense No bi only naija delta, GEJ supporters are in every nook and crannies of this country, north,east and west and will get support again as soon as he declares to contest and will win again in 2015. Forget about your conspiracy, it will lead u to early death or hypertension, join the moving train and stop been antagonist before u die prematurely. femi OH JONAH THE DRUNKARD SOUTH SOUTH PRESIDENT,I WEEP FOR HIM BEFORE 2015.HE SHOULD PRAY OBJ DOES NOT DECAMP TO THE APC,BECAUSE IF HE DOES,JONATHAN AND PATIENCE GOODLUCK ARE FINISHED. OH BOY,NO RUN O! otuonet otu don’t worry jonah will not be finished he will continue his reign as the president of Niger Delta Republic nomso duke Thats really funny but a sad truth.Instead of him not winning he will become ND president as u suggested. Clarkson If OBJ is all that a god, why didn’t Abacha get ‘finished’ when he Abacha got the Ota chimp chained in the prison for years? onisha boy Anyway,he got arrested for being god.The almighty God was and still with him,that’s why he couldn’t kill him.Mind what you say to a favoured man. Clarkson You’ve proved me right already. gods are believed to have super natural powers. This chimp makes himself look like one but couldn’t live true to type when it mattered. That is the problem with the Ota-Abeokuta human chimp. chudi A drunk is better than a wife beater, adulterer – f**cking daughter-inlaw, coup plotter, murderer or his partner the religious/ethnic bigot kunlestic but a drunk does all the above better than any character… onisha boy Do you know that Jonathan and his cohorts will be arrested after 2015. chudi Yes, That’s OBJ’s plan. It is in his letter but only in the copy he sent to TY Danjuma nomso duke That’s a good one and I wonder why somebody like femi should be boosting of OBJ who is finished politically. kunlestiic Mama Peace…not Patience. nomso duke U speak like one old drunkard I use to know.obj who could not win his ward let alone his state. onisha boy Doesn’t matter.He is a nationalist.period. mr no nonsense Let’s see how it will unfold. Election are not won on pages of news paper, but good plans and strategies. I pray for long life for each and everyone of us to witness the election, the defeat and the loud cry, bcoz crying has become some party’s hallmark. JOHN Guy na lie u dey talk! except u are living in self denial, Gej has fritted away the goodwill he once enjoyed from the Nigerian populace, your claim that he has support in every nooks and crannies is a pdp lie which they are hoping to capitalise on to rig in 2015, but let me warn you that the mass action that will herald that election will be so great that it will sweep away all your machineries of rigging, be warned and join the movement now! a word is enough for the wise Friday Jon Bro cool down what Mr no nonsense posted is real. Go to the streets in APC states preferably newspaper stands.Just listen to what people are saying.They don’t like GEJ,right but have make up their mind not to vote for APC either.Stop talking about mass action or movement to Aso rock. The one APC stage to INEC headquater .What was the outcome? Carry your movement to your councillors,LG chairman and to your governor. They too collect money from federal govt each month. Dont you know that charity begins at home. kunlestic yes people in APC state in newspaper stands don’t like GEJ but won’t vote APC in either..but who are these people?..they are not the grass roots who feel GEJ misrule most…they are mixture of igbos, ss, and some ragged with and ragged withouts elements who are of no electoral values in the sw..they have always been part of our politics here and we always deal with them..they can shout, talk, swear ro high heaven but will never have their way…just wait for the next election..may God grant us long life(and save us from the snipers)..we’ll see in 2015. Friday Jon Kunlesticality my dear, if wishes were horses beggars will not only ride them,they will also buy them as well.you have just abuse ss & igbos people.Has that make you feel any better? kunlestic yes and no…yes because a lot of e guys have turned this GEJ issue into ethnic war…are you not aware of insults and abuses that are thrown to us everyday as if insulting yorubas is the most fashionable thing now and if since we have all become insane lets continuing and see where it will land us..no in the sense that i equally have a lot of igbo guys as friends and in-laws but nobody has monopoly of any form of human elements..and the ragged within and ragged without elements I mentioned above are my own yoruba folks who are on the other side of our political inclinations and not ss/se people…cheers otuonet otu this country should be divided and let go our separate ways since we can not leave together peacefully. onisha boy Well said.just noise maker.Over the years I have learnt to be Yoruba and I love my kids and wife for being who they are.Otherwise ,I will be so ignorant and angry onisha man.Please ,i’m not trying to offend anyone . nomso duke Apc govs only work in 1st tenure but during there 2nd tenure their boss ITT Tinubu will collect both the LG and state money,look at what is happening in Lagos state today,fashola its turning to be the worst govt. kc ph good talk. the mass action will consume jonathan pdp will not be able to stand the aftermath of 2015 rigging. nomso duke U speak like one old man from my village and I hope obj have not bless u with his old age. onisha boy true dat bro. Friday Jon This is what a lot don’t know.I told them noises are for cowards.The real men & politicianss perfect their game plan without anybody hearing.And when they strike.It is always deadly. kunlestiic so you expect a hausa fulani man in kano, sokoto, zamfara, gombe, adamawa, kaduna, katsina who you called parasites and destitute or a yoruba man whom you refer to as traitor man to carry guns, cutlasses, dagger, bayonets, assault riffles, grenades, IEDs to unleash mayhem on the nation along with your criminal elements in the ss in 2015 in defense of GEJ? is that what your warped mind is thinking about? clearly you people are deluded..tell your GEJ to come to sw and take a popularity walk down the streets, then you will wake up from your slumber..NW? haba..he’ll be stoned…what you people don’t realize in that it is not by compulsion that a leader is loved or accepted…ss/ijaw can’t blackmail us into accepting GEJ in 2015…your arrogance, pomposity and threat are been quietly noted and people are waiting for you to unleash your mayhem in 2015 and we’ll see who will surfer it more…the war igbos waged 40 years ago, have they risen from the ashes of the war?…destroy all the oil wells in your own land and let see who will suffer it…Saddam Hussein did it during the gulf war, iraq is alive today..so it will do you well if you recourse to superior arguments and wise counseling rather than threat of war and blackmail..GEJ can still win the heart of million of Nigerians if he sit down, reflects on why and how things went awry with him, make amends, reach out to all and sundry..Nigerians being what we are are very forgiving..let him come down from his high horse and face the reality that all is not well…and you his kinsmen, supporters, sycophants, militants, snipers, mama peace, father wike, emperor tukur, tiger okupe, doggy abati, guillotine Gulak, atoke tom, robin hood a la asari dokubo, soon-to expire edwin clarke and host of others, sheathe your swords, swallow your pride and stop your insulting comments, threats, blackmail….there and then with God’s willing, GEJ may repair his battered image… onisha boy well said, bros. nomso duke Hahaha,that’s a good advise for clueless guys like him. kc ph pls stop these lies. am from south south jonathan is a failure. otuonet otu we no want win election for federal republic of Nigeria we want win election peoples republic of Niger delta Ekeson Andrew Wht are u saying , let see 2015 , may be tht end of Nigeria onisha boy Can you stand the war.when all the geopolitical regions in Nigeria are fighting just the minorities ,like 40 % of the so called south south.They will reduce you to ashes.Remember ,we Igbo people had the finest officers before the war broke out.Therefore mind what you say my brother and wish less. Ekeson Andrew Who is talking abt war , USSR divided wit war ,so many do same , U called ur self onisha boy, are nt a shame , tht is rising why northern s are using igbo as slave , bt Igbo people are d real Nigeria , during war ur talking abt, a many of igbo people fight 4 war ojukwu, if nt my people , generals & col, major their frm Delta ibo , a many people was killd in ur place ,pls ask ur people , ojukwu tell abt Niger delta last time , whn he came asaba to Thank them , my father fight 4 d war , his a col amry , hw abt ur father? I had fashola deported Igbo frm Lagos , u they talking rubbish,every tribe insulting igbo, Igbo are industry people, they business people , nomso duke U are hopeless.Is NC for ND? With or without it GEJ will still win come 2015. Harry We will hang u first before 2015 election, so u will not even see the ballot papers, u foolish and clueless man. mr no nonsense How many of you if i may ask u moron? Let’s see how the battle will end, bcoz it’s has started already, hope u will not run away before the time u coward. U think ranting on news paper is winning vote? With expired, outdated, PDP used and dumped politicians that scattered in APC u are going to use to win vote?hahahaha, very funny indeed. One thing I like about APC and their members are this, they are good dreamers, they will continue to dream and 2015 election will be over, they will cry again like their grand master buhari and head to court, finish. My friend, opposition is not a good place to stay, join the moving train, before u are left behind, hahahaha.. femi DREAMER WAKE UP TO REALITY,JONAH AIN;T COMMING BACK TO ASO ROCK IN 2015 otuonet otu Yes Jonah will not go back to Aso rock b’cos he can’t be the president of Niger delta Republic and another country at the same time. nomso duke More of that bros. GEJdestroyedNAIJA God is at work!!! nomso duke This is correct,who cares on there national tour in building house of terrors that will like to fall Nigeria and keep holding us at ramsom. abbadd GEJ cannot fight the whole of Nigeria. Everyone agrees that GEJ has to step down. My fellow brothers in SS AND SE cant you learn from the Biafran war? learn from the past. ojukwu taught he can fight Nigeria he cant and never will anyone win a war against Nigeria. Mr President step down for your own good. The war is already won you have lost that is the truth. peace Equity Justice A bad addition! You are making a mistake of your life. Mark my word, GEJ is your president come 2015. What these guys fail to understand is that OBJ is so deceptive, he is only fighting for himself – ask El Rufai his experience with Obj in the last presidential election, when he instructed them to support Buhari instead of GEJ only for him to tell them that he later changed his mind – the rest is history. Obj will never support Buhari, Atiku and Tinubu to produce a president. He is playing his chess game. He will create so much confusion and tension and at the end of the day, he will support GEJ become president in 2015. As for SS & SE and Biafran war, you’re not a student of history. It’s still morning but night is near!!!!!! abbadd GEJ is already defeated didn’t you here 37 PDP members defected in the house of reps. More will defect till only GEJ remains with Akpabio then let me see how he can win the election . If you still believe GEJ will be president 2015 you have eyes but cant see face the reality.OBJ will not support APC nor Support GEJ re-election he will make sure GEJ steps down. If you can after every member leaves PDP you and GEJ should campaign and win lets see. ibrahim muhammed Abadd or wht do u call ur self…. Let me make it up to u…. There is no one that can stop Goodluck except Allah. .. He will win hv u ever seen where they gang up aginst one person or a president in the history of the world… As the APC are moving raund to ask for support PDP is wating and hv conclued there plan… Just look at The BUHARI that we thought is a diffrent man among them has gone to see this crimina Atiku and still want to see OBJ… Wrlll this are evel people has has finish our country. So I can see God is wit Goodluck for making all this happining….. Abdullahi Ahmed My friend where are you from? better have a re think iam sure from your names you should be from the north and if my assumption is right then is a pity. Truthbtold What a shame! The man is an honourable and patriotic Nigerian. He’s not a zombie! femi THIS APC GANG UP WILL WORK,UNLESS JONATHAN DECIDES NOT TO RUN IN 2015.HOW EVER,WATCH AND SEE HOW THE EVENTS UNFOLD,JONATHAN AND TUKUR WILL CRY LIKE BITCHES COME 2015. Lawal Umar Jangebe Where do you borrow this name from? You seem as not the person to mentioned what you did mentioned. by the way, what did you benefited as the owner of that name from so called gej. My friend come back to senses as many did. Christopher Abel my broda some lessons for u about d war, ojukwu didn’t start d war it was gowon’s ILLITRACY dat caused d war,in d war hausas didn’t win ,d highest strike of d war was done by biafrans,gowon side never attempted such till d war ended, it was rivers people dat sold themselves to gowon just as they are doing today,at d end yoruba soldiers killed adaka boro and his men, d same people dat called them to come and take over, and result of dat is what u are suffering today,and very soon u will see worst b,cos d ss people are stronger than u,they will soon clean u up unless u beg,if u dought ask asari, if they can frustrate obj how much more malluu like u?????? odogwu May God seal That Your rotten Lips Permanently,You and your Clan Has lost in your graves,Coward,we are waiting for you people crashernii Toddler you just mouth,what you and your ilks do,absolutely nothing!… odogwu This Mumu,you have failed,looser!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! crashernii your papa na munmun and a failure!. odogwu this shrimp,you dey vexoo,Mazopian chimpanzee otuonet otu we are ready and better prepared for another war and this time you wouldn’t have it easy like the last time. your troops will not penetrate through ogoja like before we defend every Niger delta territory with our blood just like the Israelite are defending their land against the Arabs femi PLS DONT GO THERE,NO WAR WILL HAPPIEN OK.BUT JONATHAN WILL NOT COME BACK IN 2015. otuonet otu jonathan will be the president of Niger Delta Republic come 2015 atlantawaters I am not a fan of GEJ. However, i do not support anybody within the APC…Buhari is not a theif but a religious fanatic; Nigeria cannot afford to become a sharia state. I hope people will not read this out of context. Sunny0099 NO, but if I have to choose between incorruptible muslim president and a corrupt “Christian ” president . I think I will prefer the former. atlantawaters Mr. Sunny, You have no idea what Nigeria will become if we have a president that support sharia. All i ask is for God to flush Godluck and all the PDP criminals as well as the APC thieves. If we can get people with credible record, people who will serve Nigeria not their pockets. COMMON SENSE I align myself with your views, what we need now are credible leaders. Don’t care for PDP or APC, my prayer is that in the mist of confusion and infighting between the two parties God will throw up a new breed of credible leaders to take us out of this dark period in our history bodelewis Amen! U really have sense, not common, rare sense atlantawaters I am not religious, i do not care weather you are a Muslim or a Christian…..i just do not want Nigeria to be like other Islamic states. Rhomax There is no Islamic state in existence. albert bolten Good, that is your choice, let other decide for themselves. arise_9ja Absolute power corrupts absolutely. The reason I oppose Buhari is because Buhari is a dictator and he doesn’t listen, chika ewerem “buhari is not a theif but a religious fanatic” Please name one living top hausa/fulani politician that has been successfully caught red handed with Nigerian loot and successfully persecuted and recovered loot from, aside Abacha who due to his death the noise starts and ends at his doorstep, please name one. The engine of corruption in Nigeria is being oiled, serviced, and perfected by the northern elites in partnership with elites of other regions especially if they able to carry some south west tops as willing allies. Before anybody can exonerate buhari, let him tell Nigerians what happened to over $2 billion dollars that was in his care as a minister (that amount is equivalent to over $300 billion with the current exchange rate). As a so called upright man and yet admitted that abacha never stole and worked with him as ptf lord, now he (hidden crook) is hobnobbing with all the open crooks in Nigeria’s political sphere. Just as former effc lord, ribadu said, there are worst thieves than Ibori but they are clever thieves. Concernedcitizen Looks like PDP rebranding as APC now with all these hobnobbing. Nigerians watch out for this deception that seems to be unfolding. If you (APC) are planning to be different and help cleanup the system by fighting corruption, you sure don’t need these scums from PDP! mr no nonsense Only insane person will believe in APC and vote for them in 2015. U said PDP are criminals, thieves, looters and all sorts of bad names were called the PDP party, and the same criminals party that u are going round today begging them to join u. so it means APC lied to us about PDP. U told me that someone is a thief, that i should not associate with the person or take anything from him, later i saw u again with the same person u warned me never to go closer to eating and wineing together.who is deceiving who here? Nigerian, make Una shine Una eyes, APC is no Messiah, but same criminals in a different party. Abdullahi Ahmed In politics no permanent enemy and no permanent friend Truthbtold Tell it to the birds! That’s the semi literacy of the current political elite. Off course you don’t create permanent enemies in real life. BUT YOU SHOULD HAVE PERMANENT IDEOLOGIES. Why are you in a party? and it should never be personal, regional or tribal. tolulope its really amusing, the sudden turn around by Apc leaders. But then no party can single handedly remove the PDP from power. Its just not possible. If the core in Apc can present good candidates like Ribadu/fashola I feel we as Nigerians will be better for it. Akani 37 tiny men from PDP move to APC still they don’t tip the scale. The speakership is still in PDP hand . Truthbtold Punch punch! You always block my comments…no swear words, no abuse but stating the obvious. Are you part of the problem? Richman Gen.Buhari wanted to go and console Chief Obasanjo for the letter writting to him by his daughter Iyabo. Truthbtold You guys don’t own Nigeria, we citizens do. Henceforth, Nigerians will decide for themselves not you self serving lot that caused the demise of this nation in the first place. Are the old politicians still calling the shots in the USA or the UK? They have the influence but certainly don’t call the shots!. All of you have milked this country dry with nothing tangible to show for it apart from the stigma of a “Nigerian”. We Nigerians want power, jobs, manufacturing, revenue diversification, rule of law, transparency and accountability, and not the recycling of old washed up politicians who have no inclination of modern strategic techniques for economic growth. Unless we are cursed as a nation, we want power generation to sustain growth, jobs and all the certain opportunities that come with this SOONER RATHER THAN LATER! (Max 2 years!). Any alternative to the current administrations strategy will struggle to give us power in the next 6-7 years. APC will settle down for the first 2-3 years to agree who gets what, and find every excuse fin the book to delay progress and pass the blame.. The way the agricultural revolution is going on in Nigeria is unprecedented (fertiliser subsidy fraud eliminated), that will halt. All the road contracts, railway contracts and all what not will be jeopardised with opportunity for chop chop, yet again pass on the blame game. All those “running men” who have openly confronted GEJ about EFCC will go scot free. These guys have no shame, have no ideology but think by going all over the country they can deceive Nigerians and tag him a tyrant. God forbid, You will never bring that darkness onto Nigerians by the Grace of the Almighty. Now, for the first time in the history of Nigeria there is transparency. Did we know what went on during IBB, Abacha, OBJ’s error with all the oil revenue and expenditure? GOD FORBID BAD TIN Truthbtold You are the same bunch that sympathise with BH and compare their cause to the Niger Delta struggle! A shameful bunch! Soon they will compare them to the anti apartheid struggle led by the Madiba himself! You don’t support emergency rule! Never out rightly condemn BH! You shamefully spread lies and propaganda each day. The other day it was $49 billion GEJ stole, the next it was $500?? Didn’t you see how Sanusi Lamido looked foolish when he sat with Okonjo Iweala after she had to break things down to him like a child. Have you bothered to ask all these so called ‘holier than though’ governors how they spent their SURE-P funds? All these guys are hiding behind GEJ bashing, and no one is keeping an eye on what they’re doing. No one is perfect but this silly gang up AGAINST NIGERIANS is extremely dangerous. This ganging up will catch up with us all one day if we don’t look at issues, solutions and ideologies because one day, one day, we’ll get what we didn’t bargain for. They are comparing GEJ to Abacha?? We should pray to God we never see anything worse than Abacha in Nigeria again today. Nigerian citizens will determine the future of Nigeria without prejudice, without sentiment, tribal or religious affiliations. In my candid opinion, these guys can never deliver on power in the next 12-18 months. We cannot wait any longer. We should monitor GEJ and ensure he delivers. Nigerians owe it to him and to ourselves to support him cos WE CANNOT REMAIN IN DARKNESS FOR ANOTHER 6-7 YEARS! opam04 If Atiku and OBJ ever join force with Buhari under APC, it will be for fear of the coming revolution aka National Conference. OBJ considers the present structure as his baby, the very Nigeria for which he faught and has ruled more than any other leader, living or dead. Restructuring it will stand his logic on its head. Buhari and the northern APC group are scared of a properly strucured Nigeria. If Buhari is the saint he is said to be, his first action as President will be to probe past corrupt leaders, and both Atiku and his boss will make the list. That he wants to work with such characters exposes his hypocrisy. GEJ should not be nervous, however. He should continue with the planned conference and do all his office allows him to give Nigerians the opportunity to solve their problems through a new constitution of their choice.. ABO We don’t need a conference to provide roads, health care, food, basic education and security. While the national conference is a good idea, it should however not be used by the sitting President to hide his obvious incompetences. chudi If you substitute GEJ with Obama, he cannot do anything with this present structure of Nigeria that Obasanjo and his friends wrote over their draft game @ dodan barracks. Their main issue with GEJ is his attempt to change the evil status quo. The National conference is long over due. This is the silent/peaceful revolution coming our way nomso duke U heat the nail on the head.GEJ will win come rain come Sun. DrP-2 A national Conference prepares a structure that enables policies for all the things you are talking about. If we are working at cross purposes how can we do anything effectively…policies for building roads hospitals etc evolve with technology..but you need an effective governace structure to make proper policies and implement them…our current governace structures only allows for survival of the fittest…we need to go back to tell ourselves the truth about ourselves in a national conference and put things in proper order Jo’boy CAN YOU POINT TO ONE COMPETENT LEADER IN NIGERIA SINCE THE PROJECT STARTED IN 1960? Ayo Kellany I presume that is why we have to continue with the incompetent Jonathan ba ? Truthbtold You live out of the box dude…They say seeing is believing. Ask many farmers in different parts of the country, and they will tell you how their lives have changed, if not for BH.. Haven’t we finally unbundled NEPA? Don’t we have a stable economy? If things weren’t going well why do we have the hightest FDI in Africa? Or you think Oyinbo go craze invest him moni for failing economy? Even with BH?? That tells you something. Most major infrastructures that have been rotten for 40 years will be difficult to implement in 3 years BUT, the projects are in progress, THAT’S WHY YOU SHOULD OPEN YOUR MIND AND FOLLOW THE GOOD GOVERNANCE TOUR OR TAKE TIME TO STUDY THE MID TERM REPORT, then make your comments. nomso duke Ur comment is rather useless and sounds APC like. chudi Bros, you have summarized the matter. we can’t wait for the National Conference to start. God is surely using GEJ to liberate teeming blind Nigerians. kessler George Suddenly all the criminal elites are finding a common ground. I can not help but thanking God that there is a gathering of those who thought they will rape this country for ever. Atiku thiis s about the oml that will soon expire, onne free zone.? Tinubu forget! what you have already stolen you can keep it but not one penny more, IBB, Abdulsalami, OBJ, it is time to work with your hands no more free lunch. No matter the conspiracy to maintain the status quo I assure you will not succeeed. Evil must not triumph over good. A country were 80% of national income goes to just these few men. I lament for Buhari a good man taken over by evil men, a pawn in Tinubu’s hands. Fashola, El rufai what are you still doing with the hawks. Jonathan has indeed started a revolution. He has separated the goats from the sheep and the chaff from the wheat. Rappists how long will continue to rape the girl Nigeria and expect her not to scream. The day of the professionals have come, lawyers doctors teachers worker your freedom is here. Rogue politicians are dead, there days are numbered. Long live Nigeria! kunlestic That was the gathering we had in PDP over the years. No clear cut ideology other than PDP, power..power to loot, maim, kill and destroy our land..well if APC can learn from PDP misfortune, may be we can get it right..am not APC but it is the elixir we need to confront the evil of PDP….omo ina laun ran si na… Tamedo1 I personally think it is not a must to compare two things and find a better one. Presently both APC & PDP are bunch of useless fools that have sucked our fatherland dry. To think GEJ is performing is the product of how our mentality has been bruised. As a nation we deserve constant electricity today, not tomorrow, good roads today not tomorrow, justice system that works for all, good education, housing, security etc. Of all these GEJ has not provided one in his number of years as the president. It is a shame that as an oil producing country we still import oil. GEJ’s wife is the most arrogant first lady in the history of presidency in this country. Never in the history of this country has any first lady been openly involved in politics to the extend that a first lady became a perm sec. Naija_Conscience No country ever had electricity “today and not tomorrow”, Electricity cannot be imported but built, transmitted and distrubuted. GEJ is on the right track. He has achieved more in a few years than for 50 years before now. Tamedo1 I work in the energy sector UK, I have an expert understanding of energy generation, transmission and distribution. For any government that want to deliver basic service like electricity to Nigerians it should not take forever. It is a matter of opinion when the tomorrow could be, for me not having electricity today is a shame because today was called our tomorrow several years back. In terms of your assertion about GEJ achievements I am still lost, please enlighten me. This is all I could remember, insecurity, first lady’s arrogance, Nigerians being 8% of the world destitute, erratic power supply, death trap roads, poor legal system, pardoning of political criminals, 1billion to feed in a year when the country’s destitute increases, lack of transparency, poor educational system, lack of frame work for infrastructural development, increasing kidnapping, poor health system etc. Please note that I have not said these were all caused by GEJ, obviously he met all these plaque, however the ship has continue to sink further for those that can see. Ask yourself this question, what was GEJ achievement as a governor of Bayelsa State? Sir K Who are the sheep and the chaff among Odua, Bode Goerge, Almustapha, Alamesia, JP Clark, Maina, Kasumu, Tukur and his son as well as Asari Dokubo Truthbtold God bless you! nomso duke More of ur songs,its a welcome development. kunlestiic Don’t you think GEJ himself is fucked? How? If APC takes over NASS, the said planned NC is fucked. GEJ himself said the NC resolutions will be send to NASS for approval. Anyhow, GEJ will loose. Adebayo Let APC scuttle the National Conference through NASS and we would all come to see with naked eyes the real people destroying Nigeria and we can then all face them and fight to the end. Failure to implement the resolution will bring total war of independence from various regions wishing to do so. Taking over NASS will not save all those thieves. [email protected] Abi ooo. Make we dey watch as the drama unfold. 2014 will show us who are the enemies of this country. We dey wait. Gangan National Conference under this lame duck president will achieve zero – this president who lacks the moral courage to identify the people stealing crude oil even though he says he knows them, he lacks the courage to deal with Oduagate, still hasn’t replied an OBJ letter despite all the dust it has gathered and you honestly think he will take us to the promised land? Think again!! Truthbtold You are the one who should think dude and don’t base your decision making on one sided biased comments. Be kind of objective as you’ll do in your profession or dealing with your colleagues, team or employees. Do you want GEJ to do an OBJ, LIE MOHAMMED who will accuse people without facts? He will definitely take us to the promise land if treacherous Nigerians can give him a chance?? It’s simple! kokomatastic truth be told, the last part of ur comment betrayed the fact that u’r just as pathetic as jonathan who thinks d whole world is against him bcos he is from d minority….now u think any nigerian who points out the ills of jonathan administration is treacherous…..o ga fun e gan ooo…. Sir K It is very pathetic even many elites did not know how a democratic setting works. I bet with you noting will come out of the so called National Conference because it has no constitutional backing therefore whatsoever comes out of it is just a mere executive advisory note which must definitely passed through the National Assembly as well as the 36 states houses of assembly for constitutional amendment; giving the present political scenario in the country Jonathan does not posses the political muscle to lobby those houses of assembly both at the national and states levels to secure any constitutional amendment that will alter the present Nigeria structure. If anyone is expecting any changes to our present national configuration based on the anticipated outcome of planed national ‘jamboree’ then I wish that person an enjoyable day dream that will never be real. kokomatastic den if d gej can muster an iota of clue,he shud subject d outcome of the exercise to referandum….he alredi shot himself in d leg by sayin,the legistative will ratify the recommendations. now he his losing the majority…… nomso duke U are son of ur father.God bless u. bangiso mhlabeni GEJ IS THE BEST AND HE REMAINS OUR LEADER TILL 2019.NO WEAPON FORMED AGAINST HIM SHALL PROSPER. GbemigaO That Fani Kayode can sit with Tinubu amazes me. That Tinubu can even smile at him is a wonder. That Buhari and APC can even think about going to meet and explain their party to OBJ knocks me out. These people are just for themselves. And people should not tell me that there is no permanent enemy in politics. Nigerian politicians coined that phrase to justify lack of ideology and integrity DrP-2 Awo said show me your friends and I will tell you who you are…..just shows you that to eat the Nigerian meat…some people will call even a cow brother kunlestic the exact thing that killed Awolowo’s desire to rule..by playing politics of holier than thou..this is why Tinubu and co need to be commended for building bridges and coalition across the country… Truthbtold Really! Building bridges of treachery, falsehood, miscreants, rejects, disgruntled old men, EFFCdophiles, oppressors and all what not. That’s the main reason why we’ve had no electricity, no jobs, BH, no roads, no train, reliance on agriculture, no transparency or accountability which breeds dictatorship. You must be joking Ayo Kellany but i never saw you condemning these so called treachery, falsehood, miscreants, rejects, disgruntled old men, EFFCdophiles, oppressors and all what not people when they were in pdp. Isn’t it rather foolish to start condemning now that they are no longer doing you bidding. Who are you fooling ? Every single pdp politicians are known fraudster and the apc will enlightened those of them in the apc now on how to be beneficial to the community and country rather than the looting training that pdp instill in them. The pdp is also groom the next set of looters in the likes of Tukur son, Farouk, Oduah and Lamido & son and co. Those are the saints you yearn for as sensible human being while you reject Buhari, Tinubu and co. Can you see how myopic you are with your reasoning ? hudson Ayo kellany you are the greatest dreamer and disillusioned person of the century to think the way you do, so now thieves who were in PDP before and defecting to the holy land APC will change their stealing instincts???? Please why are you a disgrace to Nigerian youths if you are truly one, your sense is been covered by hate and ethnicity to the extent that you cannot even reason articulately may God help you regain your dumb brains. Amen Ayo Kellany ordinarily logic should tell you the entire fabric of pdp is filled with 100% corruption. Those that moved would be diluted with the developmental polices of the apc so in the long run Nigeria stands to gain more. Nigeria youth of your igbo decent are too retarded to comprehend that bcos of Jonathan syndrome so you would rather ascribe that Nigeria should go under from the unrelenting looting of Jonathan/pdp. Now tell me who’s got the dumb brains now, dumbo. Its a pity igbo people can not reason with their brains anytime the discussion is about Jonathan. kunlestic i thought i was only ayo..cheer kunlestic do you have any truth in your self? are you suggesting APC is the source of all our woes? tell me the treachery and bla bla you wrote in what APC guys are doing…is APC states not the reference to semblance of development in Nigeria today…is politics not about people? is PDP itself not a conglomeration of people you described above? may be APC can reform and reformat the decamping PDP members time will tell..till then let the heat get hotter and beat goes on..we are loving this and if you are uncomfortable, the Lagoon is large and deep enough for you to jump into..just tie a big trunk on your neck so that your rotten body won’t flow back to pollute already polluted lagoon and the fishes there can have a loving and wonderful feat of human self just like PDP and your likes have been feasting on us economically like vampires… arise_9ja LAGOS-ENRON CASE “What Enron proposed was to supply second-hand, barge-based generators (movable and easy to relocate in case of payment defaults) using diesel initially, to be supplied by WALE THIEFNUBU’S Ocean and Oil Ltd. (now Oando) until gas pipelines are extended from Egbin to the barges’ location, to provide initially 90MW and expandable to 540MW of electricity exclusively for Lagos State. The Lagos State governor, Bola Thiefnubu, his finance commissioner Wale Edun, budget commissioner Yemi Cardoso, Gbenga Oyebode of Aluko & Oyebode, WALE THIEFNUBU and Tunde Folawiyo, ALL OF THEM FRIENDS OR ACQUAINTANCES OF MINE, were involved in the transaction at various levels and capacities………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………..Enron and BOLA THIEFNUBU found a way by getting chief BOLA IGE, a felllow opposition party leader working in a PDP administration, to get OBASANJO TO SIGN OFF ON THE TRANSACTION WITHOUT ANY CABINET REVIEW OR RIGOROUS INTER-AGENCY DISCUSSIONS. BOLA IGE ALSO OBTAINED THE PRESIDENT’S CONSENT TO SIGN A SOVEREIGN GUARANTEE ON BEHALF OF THE FEDERAL GOVERNMENT OF NIGERIA – SOMETHING ONLY THE MINISTER OF FINANCE WAS LEGALLY AUTHORIZED TO DO”. – (The Accidental Public Servant By Nasir El-Rufai, Page 90). El-Rufai went on to conclude in page 92: “the Lagos State-Enron case was particularly dangerous as it would have bankrupted NEPA almost overnight.” Sir K It is not Awo that said so it is the Holy Bible. Edo boy God bless you. I am anxiously waiting for the proposed national conference to begin and let the silent revolution starts. What those APC leadership should know is that everyone of them have expired and not worth voting for. If APC was a serious party, let them boldly present an energetic candidate to challenge GEJ. Did anyone realize that GEJ is the only outsider now in power in Nigeria who became president by the divine of God to save Nigeria? Now the criminals and political harlots surrounding him have decided to move to APC, we will soon see a more transparent leadership. Do you also know that one of the allegation of OBJ is that GEJ is not rigging election left and right like they used to do during his time. Only time will tell and I just hope GEJ continue with his electoral revolution where every vote counts in Nigeria. nomso duke It’s a dirty game and they are using us to break up and make up.God will pay them as he is stairing us to the promise land. EBI THERE IS SOMETHING NOT RIGHT ABOUT THIS DEFECTION BUSINESS TO APC. I SMELL A RAT. I DO NOT SEE IT ENDING WELL. mr no nonsense Bros, the way dey will scatter no go big small thing and u know a lot boko haram patrons and members are there, so they will use lethal weapons freely.I pity tinubu, akande and some southern members, bcoz I wonder how fast they can run that day to escape the free weapons moving on the air. Codes007 What does APC stand for? Any bloody politician opposed to Jonathan Goodluck? This part will fail woefully. Imagine a party with Atiku, Buhari, Tinubu, and probably now OBJ? WOW!!!! PICALA A PERSON THAT BUHARI CALLED A CRIMINAL AND A KIDNAPPER AND ELECTION RIGGER IS THE ONE HE IS MEETING AND WOOING. IT SHOWS HE HAS NO GOOD INTENTION FOR NIGERIA. JONATHAN MUST FINISH HIS TENURE AND MOVE POWER TO SOUTH EAST. femi U WISH,THE SOUTH EAST WILL RULE NIGERIA COME 2099 OK. negotiate Nigerians open your eyes and see that apc is not the messia that we are awaitng for. If realy the want to transform this country, they should select pple to join them not to accept de same pdp members they claim to b corrupt. As far as am concern apc did not worth my vote 1kayod5 When power inserts its weight upon reason in any house next is the echo of power’s voice ; soon there will be peace in PDP house of commotion when all that will be left will be presidential echo; no argument,no noise , no applause , no ovation.Everlasting peace. Madiba Overcame, We Will! Iyabo! you did well. i wish other Nigerians will emulate you. BB Thank you so much for publishing this list.OBJ IS EXONERATED. Madiba Overcame, We Will! more to come. hold your breath. Joe C.E.O. WHEN WILL THE LIKES OF BUHARI, OBJ, ETC LEAVE THE STAGE AND LEAVE THE AFFAIRS OF THIS GREAT NATION TO BE MANAGED BY THE SO MANY YOUNG, GOOD-MINDED AND COOL-HEADED PROFESSIONALS THIS COUNTRY IS BLESSED WITH ? THE SOONER THEY DO THAT, THE BETTER FOR ALL. The don…… AKA EDO BOY young people like mr clueless and committee? albert bolten Those people running from pillar to post dont think he is clueless. odogwu This spider,can’t you go back to your cobweb,,Clueless sheep like you Truthbtold At least he will listen to Nigerians. Do you really think all these gangsters have us at heart? Kola O Now that all the bag eggs are leaving PDP to join APC, we the youth should capitalise on this opportunity and join PDP. This is our chance to get involved and effect the change we want to see. Truthbtold You got it right sir! That’s the spirit. It is time we take our destiny in our hands. holidayquiz.assure.com.ng Holiday Online Quiz Competition for Secondary School Students in Nigeria. Participation is FREE! To participate, visit holidayquizdotassuredotcomdotng ….or goggle Holiday Online Quiz Competition in Nigeria. Christopher Abel i am not suprise dat apc is going about picking any thing dat pdp has used and dropped,last time pdp had to give them presidential candidate, now pdp is giving them governors, they are going for obj now maybe they want to have BOT chairman, party of second hands, sirvic NO BIG DEAL ABOUT IT.NIGERIANS ARE WATCHING AND WAITING,WE HAVE ALL SEEN HOW THE GAME STARTED AND WILL LIKE TO SEE HOW IT WILL END.GOD BLESS NIGERIA. INTEGRITY GOD! The elect are praying and hoping to see You heal our land justice Quite hypocritical for Buhari to want to consult with Obasanjo and luring known corrupt politicians into their fold…do they want to make APC-the new PDP? Nigeria is for Nigerians,it is not Obasanjo’s property. Buhari should impress Nigerians not Obasanjo…now we are seeing the hypocrisy of APC,they are all same-against the Nigerian masses. Fan Apc is infested with people of questionable characters ISO APC is a shame and sham for wooing PDP members whom they see as leopards. A leopard will not change it skin. Atiku, Obasanjo, Saraki, El-Rufai, G7 Governors, Ribadu, etc’ are all leopards if they decamp. Madiba- Dr Nelson Mandela never decamped from ANC. He choose to remain in Prison until apartheid was gone, even when he was offered freedom. He served in Jail for 27 years. He served one term as President and was satisfied. He was not addicted to power, he was addicted to freedom, Those who destroyed this economy are in PDP. I see no reason why APC Leaders should import leopards.into chicken yards. APC is new ! I love Tinubu for whom he is, even though he is not perfect ! He is a “Madiban” Merry xmas Nigerian Leaders. , nwamazi The old log of dead woods who were frustrated out of PDP now want to hijack APC.Selfish men ayobami APC is where th ape belongs Ikenna Are they really interested about Nigeria’s welfare. There is something sinister about this party called APC. why would they be meeting OBJ who destroyed every trait of democracy. Well, I know that that party is a time bomb that will explode in due time akeebaba APC WILL BE WORSE THAN PDP, BY THE TIME OBJ, ATIKU,BUHARI AND TINUBU FALL INTO THE SAME PARTY.THE RATE OF CORRUPTION AND CASES OF HIRED ASSASSIN WOULD SKYROCKET.BY THE WAY, DO PEOPLE STILL CATEGORY BUHARI AS A PIOUS PERSON, TO CONTEMPLATE OF BEING IN THE SAME PARTY WITH ATIKU, AND OBJ? CHEI!! DESPERATION IS A SERIOUS DISEASE. chudi Why are these FEW men playing millions? APC is preparing to meet Obansanjo and yet Obasanjo is busy offering her daughter APC’s ticket! These men have turned themselves to mere nocturnal cockroaches – they do the real meetings secretly and then follow it up with a cosmetic open meeting for the lazy Nigerian press that lacks investigative and in-depth journalistic skills. I pray the coming National Conference will neutralize these FEW men once and for all en sha Allah. Collins SHAME ON APC! THE SAME OBJ THEY SAID DIRTY THINGS ABOUT. I THINK THESE GUYS ARE JUST BUNCH OF DESPERADOES Richie Adams that is a nice move. Gen, Buhari. it’s good you remember an icon. BABA is a Nigerians legend and is very good you seek advice from him in respctive of Religious, Ethnicity, and Political party’s differences.up APC. A new beginning for a Progressive Nation enejo Give Nigeria to the best President USA ever had, and he will tell you he cannot do anything for Nigeria because of the present structure. Hence, the need for National Conference. Dale Christopher Buhari brought Nigeria back to Military rule in early 80s, still, he was appointed as PTF chairman for many years, he told our president that he will make the reign difficult for him, short-time after that, the un office was bombed. Boko haram everywhere. BH still want to rule….. make una think well ooo..APC slogan is confusion…. metucellar THIS PEOPLE ARE BUNCH OF SHAMELESS PEOPLE WHO ARE NOT SUPPOSE TO BE SEEING AROUND HUMAN BEINGS, TRUE TRUE THIS PARTY IS DEAD ON ARRIVAL HOW CAN BUHARI OF ALL PEOPLE IS NOW BOWING DOWN FOR OBJ ALL IN THE NAME OF RESTING POWER FROM JONATHAN, THIS MAN GEJ IS SO POWERFUL THAT ENEMIES ARE FORMING ALLIED TO FIGHT HIM, I THOUGHT THIS MAN IS SO CLUELESS ,SO THE GOLLIBLE MINDS HAS BEING SAYING THE OPPOSITE, SO BUHARI IS NOW GOING BACK TO HIS VOMIT, WHAT a SHAME I’M SURE BY 2015 HIS BLOOD AND THAT OF OBJ,APC AND HIS CHILDREN WILL FLOW AFTER THE HUMILATION HE ‘LL GET. Adeleke Lawal I wish APC all the best. I pray Nigeria will be better for it. It is only in politics that you can prove that Quantity is different from Quality. In any organisation or association if you have 25 people among which you have 10 good and intelligent people while the rest are stupid or bad people. In an election if the good people present one of their own for election and they have vowed not to have anything to do with the bad/stupid people that are 15 in numbers then we should all know that the good people will lost the election woefully not because they did NOT present a better candidate but it is because the 15 bad/stupid people will rally round thier own candidate and vote him into power. APC I think they really know what they are doing that politics or democracy is a game of number where Quantity matters and not Quality. Ahmed A GANG UP MEETING AGAINST PRESIDENT GEJ. NOT FOR PARTY. WAOooooooooooo Fazona Atiku, Tnubu and Obasanjo (ATO) joining forces with Buhari to form ATOB, a combustible chemical reaction that turns into APC. I cannot stop laughing. What an explosive combustible mix? Only in Nigeria. I’m still laughing. There is nothing as powerful as the “black gold” that lures even sworn enemies to collude despite their glaring hatred for each other. NIGERIA!!!!!!!!!! Ahmed A GANG UP MEETING AGAINST PRESIDENT GEJ. THE MEETING IS NOT FOR ANYTHING TO DO ON OBJ JOINING APC. WAOooooooooooooooooooo DIKE to explain the reason behind the formation of the party to OBJ as if OBJ owns nigeria. they should tell us if nigeria is a limited company to OBJ. Buhari have not explain to nigerians the reason behind the formation and he wants Nigerians to vote for APC a party without manifesto. APC leaders take their personal interest as nigeria interest and take nigeria interest as personal interest. we knew APC and rebel governors connive with OBJ to attack GEJ. OBJ is a PDP member in the day and at night he become APC member. Jo’boy APC HAS CONSULTED WITH EVERY DEMON IN NIGERIA AND WOULD NOT MIND CONSULTING WITH THE DEVIL HIMSELF JUST TO GET GEJ OFF ASO ROCK. GOD HELP NIGERIA. 99% Citizens R Corrupt, +U Wonders shall never end…Buhari bowing down to OBJ….Nigerian politicians are not yet serious to govern the people…expired corrupt pdp members joining apc…yet they claim progressive. After OBJ..who is next?….. May be buhari needs a lecture from OBJ on how to rig elections… Truthbtold Why am I not surprised our controversial newspaper never bothered to give the Sanusi apology to Okonjo Iweala no headline? Is this the media brainwash tactic? When the statement was made, it sent ripples online and the GEJ haters went haywire. This was further ignited by OBJ’s letter which confirmed that GEJ and co STOLE the said amount. Funny enought, Tambuwal mentioned this in his own treacherous speech at the NBA?? And he calls himself a lawyer. A bucket full of blunders and it’s the Lords way of telling them YOU DO NOT OWN NIGERIANS. Blunders/treachery on this issue 1. Sanusi’s letter and insinuations – A whole CBN GOVERNOR 2. Tambuwals speech to lawyers (NBA o!) mentioning this as an example – A whole LAWYER and SPEAKER HOUSE OF REPS, IN THE SAME PARTY. Already insinuating and siting examples based on superficial evidence. 3. OBJ’s letter to the whole world – Hmmmm! As an ex president and tyrant with no understanding of the rule of law, he also mentioned this in his letter as an example. What does this say about the authenticity of this letter and the genuineness of his actions. 4. The Nigerians who continuously get brainwashed without giving GEJ the benefit of the doubt. They castigated him, they abused his family and said everything bad under the sun. NIGERIA AND NIGERIANS NEED SERIOUS PRAYER. WE HAVE BECOME A NATION OF LIERS WHO WILL FAIL TO SAY THE TRUTH EVEN IF IT RUINS AND DISINTEGRATES THE COUNTRY. AT LEAST, ONE THING I RESPECT SANUSI FOR IN ALL THIS IS THAT HE APOLOGISED PUBLICLY. CAN OBJ, TAMBUWAL, LAI MOHAMMED AND CO, OUR BROTHERS AND SISTERS DO LIKEWISE? WILL THEY BE THEIR BROTHERS KEEPER OR DESTROYER? Truthbtold Another treachery I forgot to mention was the major part the media played in all this. Some media houses played to the gallery, and as usual were after money more than a conscience. No balance in their reporting other than to portray GEJ in bad light, and here again is an example, this apology not being a headline to ENSURE Nigerians get the TRUE state of affairs. It is dangerous! Teddyblaze i am seek and tired of PDP….. All i want to hear now is APC and MOHAMMED BUHARI….. INSHA ALLAH YOUR AS ALREADY COME nomso duke U are as funny as ur apc n u are going nowhere. KU Punch please moderate the comments here. It is unfair to allow people use words which are offensive. Wilfred Grace Every thing that has a beginning must have an end. Since the amalgamation of the Northern and Southern protectorates will end in December 2013, we shall be focusing on a peaceful disentergrasion rather than discussing issues of bundle of confussionist packing themselves to destroy this nation. Do not forget the prophecy that “A weak ruler shall emerge and the country shall be no more”. Edobor Am really perplex with the way this whole game called politics in been played in Nigeria… if APC has a clear political ideology and integrity why would they be going round wooing the bad eggs that destroyed PDP and our dear Country to come and join them? the answer is left for u… well, God in His Mercy will spare our lives to see what become off 2015. only time will tell nomso duke Only time will tell my brother but the cheeps are down,come 2015.apc is dead on arrival. hudson I think Buhari and Co have failed to meet with another eminent democrat I mean Late Adedibu, or do Buhari and co not know Adedibu;s grave side? If you need direction tell your main paddy Thief Tinubu he knows Adedibu’s grave side, so that you can go and woo him too, shee you want all the redundant looters to join APC? May God keep helping Nigeria so that you APC’s will go on expose your selves to Nigerians before we make mistake of trusting any of you thieves. God bless and Save Nigeria from the claws of this apes called APC politicians Tamedo1 I personally think it is not a must to compare two things and find a better one. Presently both APC & PDP are bunch of useless fools that have sucked our fatherland dry. To think GEJ is performing is the product of how our mentality has been bruised. As a nation we deserve constant electricity today, not tomorrow, good roads today not tomorrow, justice system that works for all, good education, housing, security etc. Of all these GEJ has not provided one in his number of years as the president. It is a shame that as an oil producing country we still import oil. GEJ’s wife is the most arrogant first lady in the history of presidency in this country. Mr. T all these things were there and worked while Obj was in power? Tamedo1 Yes, my comment did not deny that and of course that does not make GEJ a leader. My summary comment is we have had idiots ruled us to date. And at this rate APC and PDP have got nothing good for Nigeria. otuonet otu America has more oil than Nigeria yet they don’t depend on oil alone. Nobody(states) want to diversify all they do is to go Abuja every month to get money. kokomatastic when is jonathan going to declare his intention to decamp to apc…..before it is too late? otuonet otu very soon my brother because there is no point if the opposition is wowing pdp members to decamp. At list they should have just told Nigerian that they a change of party name and logo. Dr.Uche Kalu,UK If Alhaji Muhammadu Buhari and his Islamic merger party,APC so called, can resort to wooing and soliciting members of the opposition party into their rank,then this APC of a party is a party without ideology.Political parties are but founded on ideologies. Therefore all this gang- ups,terrors,insinuations and campaigns of callumny against our dear President and his office are all about bring the Presidency back to the Islamic North seemingly by every hook and crux. But on the contrary,these born to rule pig oligarchys of the North and their ever willing tools,the Yoruba muslims and pagans of the South West are indeed pushing our nation to the very precipice of disintegration. The very idea of a dubious ” one Nigeria” sounds hollow and hackneyed.The very idea of making us one with those fucking muslims is simply absurd.Water can never mix with oil.It requires a catalsyt to destroy the dispersion coefficent holding the two incompatible compounds apart.But then one of the compounds gets destroyed.We native Nigerians have nothing in common with the Hausa/Fulani invaders of our dear fatherland.That is quite obious by their predilections for ethnic and religious xenophobia and their utter disrespect for the sanctity of human lives. I still see it as an act of treachery on the part of my noble kinsman,Prof. Alex Ekwueme to have played a second fiddle for that grade two teacher,Alhaji Shagari. Alhaji Shagari grand parents with his 12 years old father entered Nigeria illegally in 1915 to found their Shagari village from Niger Republic.The Abokis are illegal aliens and must be driven back to Chad, Mali and Niger the lands of their fathers than let them lord it over us perpetually here on our own God-given fatherland. Akaawka Yeye dey smell no b small! Hear them…” the APC had true internal democracy that would satisfy the yearnings and aspirations of its members” The APC is here to satisfy the yearnings and aspirations of its MEMBERS, not NIGERIANS. I feel so sad for this country. The rouges that formed PDP are gradually shifting to APC and the “smart” guysare hugging them with both hands. With time, what happened to PDP will also happen to APC, and the mantra will still be ghana-must-go bags and divide and rule as usual. The guys in the APC are just one and the same with the guys in PDP. A brand new party that is made up of the youth of this country is what our dear country needs, so that these “old” cargoes will be flushed down the drain where they belong. I rest my case! Raphael Orji EXPLAIN TO HIM WHAT??..KAI!!..THIS GWORO KOLANUT MEN CAN NEVA STOP AMUSING ME… YOUTHS MUST ARISE AND FLUSH ALL THESE USELESS OLD THIEVES OUT OF THE SYSTEM.. Angryman Why visit OBJ now Because of the letter? Have they forgotten that OBJ is a PDP stalwart I am happy OBJ is a fearless General I will therefore like him to ask them during their visit either by letter or word of mouth why all APC officials are muslims Now, they will say don’t bring religion into it; but they started with religion In a country where you have Christians and muslims almost in equal proportions why will the leadership of APC comprise primarily of one religion It is against the spirit of the Constitution of the Federal Republic of Nigeria I know they will say religion doesn’t matter That is what they will say but never believe them – Egypt is a recent example Another worrisome thing is their desperation to the point of anything goes I am not a member of PDP so don’t get me wrong But I don’t believe they[PDP] should all be lumped together but assessed individually And those clamouring for change have forgotten how we got to where we are – decades of mismanagement Incidentally the most vociferous demand for change is from non-PDP states which shows that their governments are not performing They are only interested in grabbing power And you begin to worry why they have not condemned Boko Haram but demanding amnesty for them and opposing emergency rule APC therefore creates the impression of being the political arm of Boko Haram I am not unmindful of the insults my comment will generate, but insults cannot drown truth Shalom anny_oby APC is a good opposition party for now.My greatest worry of course is ITT Bola Ahmed Tinubu. Baron Samedi APC will meet Obasanjo soon, says Buhari. I hope the pervert decamps to your APC party where you will all be birds of a feather, A party made up of thieves,wife beaters, children abusers,wife snatchers,embezzlers,cradle snatchers,religious fanatics, bomb throwers,cowards,coup plotters,charlatans,sycophants and rejects from other party. I hope Nigerians can already see that APC is not the solution to our problems because it is composed mainly by those who foisted all these problems on us in the first place. God punish APC. Goodluck Nigeria. Home News Sports Metro Plus Politics Business Entertainment Opinion Editorial Columnists Jobs Privacy Policy Terms of Use About punchng.com © 1971-2017 The Punch newspaper

Home About Advertise Newsletter Contact In-depth - Top As iPhone turns 10, worries over Apple’s direction News - Top Apple is ‘absurdly cheap’ Home In-depth News Off-beat Opinion Adii Pienaar Alan Knott-Craig Jr Aleks Gostev Alison Gillwald Alistair Fairweather Andrew Fraser Andrew Rens Andy Marken Angus Hay Anton Harber Anton Meyer Antony Seeff Arno du Toit Art Coviello Ayo Ajayi Bradley Shaw Cameron MacKenzie Candice Jones Chris Moerdyk Chris Roper Craig Lappan Craig Neill Craig Raw Craig Wilson Danie Nel Danie Pienaar Darryl Bernstein Dave Gale Dave MacDonald David Glance David Liu David Walker De Wet Bisschoff Denis Smit Dirk de Vos Dominic Cull Don MacRobert Duncan McLeod Eckart Zollner Elaine de Beer Eric Edelstein Eric MK Osiakwan Erika van der Merwe Etienne Louw Faith Muthambi Francois Beyleveld Fungai Sibanda Gaelyn Scott Gareth Knight Gavin Davis Genna Robb Gerard Soverall Gill Moodie Gisèle Wertheim Aymés Gizela Parker Graham Beneke Graham Braum Graham Friend Greg Mahlknecht Gregory Serandos Guy Zibi Helen Zille Henk Kleynhans Herman Blignaut Hillary Clinton Hilton Tarrant Howard Blake Howard Rybko Ihab Moawad Indra de Lanerolle Isaac Mophatlane Ismail Vadi Ivo Vegter Jacques Rousseau Jacqui O'Sullivan James Francis Jan Dawson Jana van Zyl Jannie van Zyl Jason Norwood-Young Jason Xenopoulos Jasson Urbach Joe Mjwara Jose Dos Santos Juanita Clark Justin McCarthy Justin Schwellnus Justin Spratt Karl Muller Kathleen Rice Keith Jones Keith Thabo Kenny Inggs Kevin Phillips Lara Pienaar Lawrence Lundy Leon G Marincowitz Lisa Thornton Lloyd Gedye Maphanga Maseko Marc Ashton Marcel Kramer Marian Shinn Marius Burger Mark Acton Mark Pretorius Mark Seftel Mark Taylor Mark Whitby Martha Bennett Matthew French Michael Jordaan Mike Mulcahy Mophethe Moletsane Muzi Makhaye Nafisa Akabor Nathan Jeffery Nathaniel Borenstein Neil Campbell Neil Watson Nic Callegari Nick Jones Owen Dean Pallo Jordan Paris Mashile Pascal Matzke Patricia de Lille Patrick Gaspard Paul Jacobson Paul Theron Peter Karaszi Peter Streicher Peter Walsh Pieter Steyn Prenesh Padayachee Pria Chetty Rachel Sikwane Regardt van der Berg Reshaad Sha Richard Firth Richard Mullins Rob Lith Roger Hislop Romeo Kumalo Russel Yeo Russell Lamberti Russell Southwood Ryk van Niekerk Sasha Naryshkine Schalk Nolte Shameel Joosub Shashi Hansjee Simon Dingle Sipho Hlongwane Sipho Maseko Siya Qoza Siyabonga Cwele Siyabonga Madyibi Songezo Zibi Steve Song Steven Ambrose Steven Cohen Styli Charalambous Sunil Gopal Suveer Ramdhani Tawana Kupe Thabiso Moerane Tim Genders Tim James Tim Parle Tim Shier Tim Walter Tim Wyatt-Gunning Timothy Kroon Toby Shapshak Tony Gunnarsson Verashni Pillay Vicky Stilwell Vincent Hoogduijn Vinolan David William Stucke Willington Ngwepe Yunus Carrim Zunaid Bulbulia People Podcasts TalkCentral ZA Tech Show Reviews Start-ups Weekend About Advertise Newsletter Contact Hello, computer Ever since the mid-1980s, when Star Trek flaunted a computer that responded to natural voice commands, there has been a concerted effort to create such technology. Now it’s here, and it’s turning into a race between the world’s tech giants. By James Francis. Added by James Francis on 12 January 2017. Saved under James Francis, Opinion, Top Tags: Alexa, Amazon, Apple, Baidu, Facebook, Google, Google Now, Microsoft, Samsung, Siri Tweet I never get tired of this: hold down the button and tell Siri to set a timer. It has, at the very least, made me a better cook. As Marco Pierre White said, cooking is part art and part exact chemistry, so measure and time precisely. I’m not alone, at least as far as timers are concerned. Many people use voice commands on their devices to set them. I know this because a gripe about Amazon’s Echo and Google Home is the inability to name multiple timers on those devices. Ever since the mid-1980s, when Star Trek flaunted a computer that responded to natural voice commands, there has been a concerted effort to create such technology. The idea has been around for longer, but even the creators of Watson — IBM’s talkative genius — credit Star Trek for the idea. Regardless of origins, voice assistants are on the verge of explosive growth (or at least many bets are hedged towards that). Watson is a standalone machine with a lot of reach into information. But the newer breeds of virtual personal assistants — let’s call them VPAs — live on the banks of distributed computing and high-speed connectivity we now call “the cloud”, communicating with us through our smartphones and, more recently, through “intelligent” speakers. Amazon Echo was the first such speaker, released two years ago without much fanfare. Last year, Amazon made the Echo more widely available. The hubbub was enough to prompt Google into launching a competing product, Google Home. Predictably, many people are now looking at Apple to release its own version to “validate” the trend. But who needs Apple? This year’s CES made two things abundantly clear: first, many companies are hoping that VPAs will differentiate their products, and second, most are using Alexa (the AI behind Echo) to do it. How we got here is not hard to trace: Amazon was ahead of everyone to open up developer access to its platform. Alexa’s dominance of CES surprised even Amazon, which had no official presence at the trade show. Admittedly, a lot of the implementations seem dodgy. Even though Alexa has the talent, you still need good hardware (especially microphones) and decent integration. But it is clear Amazon wants the market to sort itself out and isn’t imposing strict quality control for Alexa releases. This is contrary to rivals Microsoft, Apple and Google, which keep a tight lid on their systems (despite having developer tools). For example, Google’s latest VPA incarnation, Google Assistant, mainly only works on its new Pixel phones (and Google Home). Samsung is apparently so annoyed by this that it is prepping its own VPA. So, game over? Not quite. Here it becomes a bit complicated. First, there is the distinction of whether Alexa and its peers are platforms or services. In cars, they are the latter: BMW is one of several brands to introduce Cortana (Microsoft’s VPA) into its cars. But BMW specifically has created a proprietary and tightly controlled platform for its connected cars. Likewise, even the more open car brands that are adopting Alexa, Cortana, Now (Google) and Siri (Apple) into their vehicles already have technology foundations. In contrast, the VPA is potentially the platform of future smart homes. Currently, smart home technology is a motley array of unrelated smart devices, with no cooperation. They are crying out for unification, a Qin Shi Huang of the smart home. VPA speakers are perfect for this, and Amazon Echo is leading the charge. But Apple is better established as a lifestyle brand and may be able to edge ahead if it can get a competitor out of the door. Google, meanwhile, has a huge advantage: data. The ubiquity of its services in our digital lives ensures Google of ample data to mine for our preferences, plus it is more inclined to follow us wherever we go — because it already does. That said, data isn’t absolute. There are several new VPAs coming out that argue big data is not as important as good, nuanced “small” data. Newcomers such as x.ai and Ozlo are part of this school. Yet these are specialised VPAs, geared to specific tasks (x.ai schedules meetings over e-mail for you). The big guys are all fighting for the general-purpose VPA, the digital girl Friday. Outside of the data and use-case arguments, there also remains the issue of voice recognition: just how good are these devices at understanding us? Results vary: the Echo fluctuates between being so bad that it thinks you want hunks of poo to so good it accidentally orders doll houses when a little girl asked it to play dolls with her (and subsequently a radio report on this triggered the Echos of listeners to order more doll houses). Google Home is apparently a little better at this, while Siri is lagging (a pity, since it was the first of the modern VPAs). But none has mastered long-form or follow-up questions. A Google video showing off the capabilities of its smart speaker: Yet the idea of talking to our devices is now becoming entrenched. There are televisions, air conditioning units, fridges, drones, lights, plugs, cars, routers smart hubs, banking apps… and that’s just Alexa. It is only a matter of time before we discuss the ethics of this: should you get a VPA when you are born, so it can learn all about you? Who owns that VPA? Should you be expected to pay to keep it going, even if not having it becomes a distinct social disadvantage? The VPA trend is still mostly hype and far from defined. The winners have not been declared yet, though we can see who the horses are that worth betting on. My money is on Amazon first, followed by Microsoft, with Google and Apple as the dark thoroughbreds. Amazon has the right mindset and developer support, while Microsoft holds the potential to do the same. Google has the data, but remains too distant to really comfort developers. Apple is so insular it might as well be a billionaire’s wine estate. But that is still simplistic, since we’re not even discussing Baidu, Samsung and Facebook, three more heavyweights with potential VPA platforms. This is a game in the making, still defined more by speculation than a score. Today I set timers; tomorrow I want to do more. James Francis is a freelance writer whose work has appeared in several local and international publications Share this article Tweet Connect with TechCentral Follow TechCentral on Twitter Connect with TechCentral on Facebook Connect with TechCentral on Google+ Subscribe to our newsletter Articles by comments (7 days) 24Big price hikes at Cell C 12WhatsApp has ‘security backdoor’ 10Cell C blames rand for price hikes 6CSIR, Eskom at odds over renewables 6Backspace: ‘Women in tech’ Home About Advertise Newsletter Contact RSS ↑ TechCentral TechCentral Log in - (c) 2009 - 2015 NewsCentral Media
Search Reviews iPhone Android How To Reviews iPhone How To Auto About Best 11 Best Weight Loss Apps for 2017 Best iPhone 7 Cases Things Apple Watch Can Do Android Galaxy S7 20 Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Cases Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Deals 5 Best Galaxy S7 Battery Cases 8 Best Galaxy S7 Screen Protectors 8 Best Galaxy S7 Edge Screen Protectors 18 Best Galaxy S7 Edge Cases Deals 5 Best Android Smartphones Under $200 [2016] Best Cheap Android Smartphones [2017] How to Find a Lost LG G4 Cory Gunther05/31/2015 This guide will explain some of the steps users will need to take to find a lost or stolen LG G4. Some of these should be done now, and others will help if the unfortunate event happens and your G4 goes missing. One of the worst gut-wrenching feeling in the world is that of losing a smartphone. They are an essential part of most owners lives, not to mention usually hold tons of sensitive data. If your phone is lost or stolen, you’ll want to be prepared for the situation. When it comes to protecting or recovering your smartphone from loss or theft there are a few different options available for Android users. If you happen to lose your LG G4 you’ll want to have Google’s Android Device Manager installed to save the day. Read: How to Find a Lost Smartphone or Tablet Similar to Apple’s Find My iPhone, Google has its own option called the Android Device Manager that all users should know about. It has been available for quite a while, but last year it was finally updated to offer enough features worth talking about. Users can find a lost device inside their own home, or on the other side of the city. Read on for more details on how to find your lost LG G4. We’ve just passed two of the highest months of the year for smartphone theft, which happens to be April and May, and the chances of your new LG G4 getting lost or stolen is still somewhat high all summer long. People are out and about, hanging out at the pool, going shopping, school is out and more. People our outdoors more this time of year. If you value that brand new smartphone, you’ll want to be prepared in case of an incident. You’ll want to be protected year-round because finding a lost or stolen Android device can be a rather tough task, not to mention trying to secure all the important and often times sensitive information that’s on our smartphones these days. Android Device Manager isn’t talked about too often by Google, but it should be. It was updated back in 2013 with tons of features that makes it something everyone should install and setup, received a few new ones earlier this year, and below we’ll go over the benefits and how to do it. Read: 30 LG G4 Tips & Tricks The new Android Device Manager will let users locate their LG G4 and remotely wipe and delete all data and information if needed right from their home PC, laptop or tablet. There’s also a lock feature if you’d rather not wipe all your data, but clearing out your information may be the safest bet. Then Google added an option to make your device ring if you simply can’t find it, which is pretty neat. Instructions If an LG G4 is lost at home or a friends house the Android Device Manager can increase the volume to 100% and ring at full blast to help you find it, or even wipe out all of your user data and lock the screen if you fear it has been lost or stolen. These are essential to protect your information, so lets get started. To activate the LG G4 head to the Google Play Store and download the official Android Device Manager application. Not only will this application explain how the ADM works, let you setup the device it was just installed it on, but can also manage and access other devices right from this app on a mobile device. Meaning you can use this on your LG G Pad 8 to find your G4, or on any Android device to find any other Android smartphone or tablet. The image below is from an HTC One M8, but the same setup is required on the LG G4. Once installed users should open the app and learn about the Android Device Manager, and hit the “Setup Lock & Erase” button down below to get everything setup. It’s all self-explanatory and very easy to do, so don’t hesitate to complete this as soon as you get any new Android device. Users can also get started and all set up by going to www.google.com/android/devicemanager on your computer. This will instantly launch the ADM service which will let you scroll through your list of devices. Here is where you can name the LG G4 to something more personal, find its location, or wipe all data as we mentioned above. Scroll through the list if you have more than one device, and let the ADM do all the work. Find Your Lost LG G4 Using the ADM on another device, or from a PC you’ll navigate to the Android Device Manager page and track the LG G4. In my case above I’m looking for my Google Play Edition Galaxy S4, but you’ll be looking for the G4 (or any Android device for that matter) so simply find it from the dropdown menu. If you renamed it, look for that name. The Android Device Manager uses GPS and Wi-Fi to track the location, often times down to a few feet, and you’re all set. From here the GPS locate button will track the lost or stolen device for you. Google warns users to never try and retrieve a lost device themselves, and to contact the police. We’d have to agree. Bringing an officer of the law with you to try and retrieve a stolen smartphone is probably your best and safest bet. In our screenshot above the location isn’t extremely accurate, showing 24 meters, but that’s because I’m in a gated community and I usually have GPS disabled on my smartphone. For most users this will be deadly accurate, and you’ll find that LG G4 in a matter of seconds. This is also the same place where you can hit the “Ring” button to make some noise and find your lost G4 at home, or even wipe all your data if your fears come true and someone steals it. Read: How to Take a Screenshot on the LG G4 To sum things up all you need is the Android Device Manager installed on the LG G4, then you can use any other Android device or your desktop to find, retrieve, make it ring, wipe, or lock it. Whatever the case may be, Google has you covered. There’s also a new feature where any user that’s logged into their Gmail account can go into a browser like Google Chrome and type “Find My Phone” and it will automatically launch the Android Device Manager and find all devices connected to that account, and enable all the options mentioned and shown above. Hopefully no one needs to use the ADM to find a lost or stolen device, but if so, these steps are some of the best options available. 5 Responses 11/01/2015 verda g Reply It is a flip top phone- Lost How to stop payments on flip top!!!!!! Help 01/30/2016 Erin Reply What can I do if I don’t have the app 04/05/2016 hariata Reply okay my phone has been stolen right now how do i track it even if i dont have the app 07/31/2016 vivek nayak Reply my lg g4 l630h have been lost somewhere in india. 01/12/2017 RALPH BOCON Reply I CAN”T DETECT MY PHONE Leave a Reply Cancel Reply Your email address will not be published. Comment Name* Email* Website 27 Best iPhone 7 Cases 01/12/2017 Samsung Galaxy Marshmallow Update Info (2017) 01/11/2017
Menu Search Follow Us Facebook Instagram Twitter Youtube Flipboard LinkedIn Google+ RSS More Youtube Flipboard LinkedIn Google+ RSS Got a tip? Let us know. News Channels Startups Mobile Gadgets Enterprise Social Europe Asia Crunch Network Unicorn Leaderboard Gift Guides All Topics All Galleries All Timelines Video Shows Apps News CES 2017 Crunch Report Gadgets Reviews Interviews TC Features All Shows All Videos Events TechCrunch Events Disrupt Startup Battlefield Crunchies Meetups International City Events Hackathon Include NFL’s 1ST and Future TechCrunch Store News About Mobile World Congress CES All Events Crunchbase Trending Tesla Google Facebook News Startups Mobile Gadgets Enterprise Social Europe Message Us Search TechCrunch Search TechCrunch Search Search × Hi! You are about to activate our Facebook Messenger news bot. Once subscribed, the bot will send you a digest of trending stories once a day. You can also customize the types of stories it sends you. Click on the button below to subscribe and wait for a new Facebook message from the TC Messenger news bot. Thanks, TC Team 10th Annual CrunchiesWin A Trip To The Crunchies In San Francisco Enter To Win Today Startups Puerto Rico turns to tech and entrepreneurialism to revitalize the economy My 1st Years, a startup that sells personalised gifts for babies and children, raises further £5M Sony Entertainment CEO Michael Lynton is now Snapchat’s chairman Browse more... GitHub RASA NLU gives developers an open source solution for natural language processing Hackers release source code for a powerful DDoS app called Mirai GitHub is raising a secondary round Browse more... Google Moon Express raises $20M in Series B-1, fully funds trip to the Moon Google’s Key Transparency project aims to ease a tough task in cryptography Alphabet’s Eric Schmidt heads to Trump Tower (again) Browse more... world wide web Media blog Techdirt fights for its life in frivolous lawsuit Facebook to test showing ads mid-video with publisher revenue split Alexa adds DISH support for your DVRing pleasure Browse more... Do funny recruiting hacks work? Let’s ask a guy who tried Posted Jan 12, 2017 by John Biggs (@johnbiggs) 0 SHARES Next Story Madrona appoints Microsoft’s former developer division chief as managing partner Do recruiting “hacks” work? Can you get a big company’s attention through wacky (or not so wacky) antics? One man, John Washam, tried and his story is, at the very least, interesting. Washam wrote about his quest to work for Google on his blog, Googley As Heck. He posted his educational milestones on his way to learning software engineering with the explicit goal of working at Google. In the end, he posted a disappointing message: he didn’t get a callback. The question, then, is whether tricks like Washam’s work? I asked him. TC: Who are you and what did you do? John Washam: I’m John Washam, a self-taught web developer of 16 years. I’ve been studying computer science and software engineering full-time for over 8 months. I run 2 web-based businesses that take very little of my time, thanks to automation. So this afforded me the opportunity to level up my skills. I’ve always worked on the web, and even though I had years of experience, I wasn’t qualified to work in many software areas. There were numerous jobs unavailable to me due to lack of computer science knowledge. I was an Economics major. I set an audacious goal for myself – to get hired as a Google software engineer. TC: Why? JW: I needed something that would get me to keep cracking open the books and writing code on the whiteboard every day, even though it was terribly intimidating and sometimes sleep-inducing. Over time, the fear and tedium subsided, and it became super-easy and a lot of fun. Knowledge conquers fear. I wanted to go deep in learning all of it, but there just wasn’t enough time in the day. I had to move on to the next topic to stay on schedule. Google really meshed well with me wanting to grow my skills and go from web developer to software engineer. Their culture mimics an academic environment and merits provability and data over opinion. The more I got into computer science topics, the more this appealed to me. And the more I learned about Google, the more interested I became. Google gets something like 2 million resumes a year, and even though I had a referral lined up, I wanted to make sure I would stand out in some way. I started posting my study progress on a new blog, Googley as Heck. I’m a web dev, so throwing a blog up is pretty trivial. My hope was that someone at Google would take notice. Every couple of days I would write a post about the cool thing I was learning that day. That was super enjoyable. Programmers like to show off their skills. To organize my studies I made a to-do list of study topics based on Google’s candidate coaching notes, and augmented it with even more CS topics as I learned more and branched out. I had a rather empty Github profile, so I put the to-do list on Github to start making a decent commit history for myself. One day in October, after the to-do list was about 1600 lines long, it went viral. Now it’s #27, at over 33,000 stars, and my Github profile looks much better now. My little to-do list is being translated into 13 languages. There are many wonderful people contributing to the project now. TC: Did you really think Google would notice? Why? JW: I thought it was worth a shot. Google looks for “Googleyness” in candidates, so I wanted to be the definition of Googley. I’ve launched a few startups. I treated this endeavor as I would a startup: build something great (my education), promote it like crazy (went viral on Medium, Hacker News, and Reddit), and go IPO or get acquired (hired) before you run out of money. Promoting a startup is something I usually do rather well, especially when the startup is mine. This time was no different. The week before I applied to Google, I posted an article on Medium that ended up being read over 100,000 times and recommended 4,000 times. I received an overwhelming amount of support and encouragement from readers, thanks to Quincy Larson, who posted the article on the FreeCodeCamp community on Medium. Quincy is a phenomenal person. TC: What was the real goal here? JW: Keep in mind that Google was merely a motivator, not the reason for all my efforts. Sure, working at Google would be amazing, but the reason was to become a software engineer. I wanted to move beyond web development and open the doors to new opportunities in other areas of software development. I wanted to build the technologies I’ve used and depended on all these years: databases, servers, operating systems, and more. There’s a whole world of software engineering beyond the web browser. TC: Did you succeed? What happened in the interview? JW: I applied through a referral for a software engineer position. Last week I received a rejection email from the recruiter, and at first, I thought it was a mistake, and laughed it off. I checked in with my referral and he inquired into it and lobbied on my behalf, but in the end, it didn’t change the situation. I never received a reason for the rejection. My referral couldn’t find out either. It was pretty disappointing. The thing that bothered me is that I didn’t even get a phone screen. I didn’t even talk to a recruiter over the phone. After all that work and enthusiasm, I didn’t even get a chance to prove myself. If it was due to my lack of experience, I definitely have more experience than a fresh college grad. Google hires people right out of college and I wasn’t expecting to come in the same as a 16-year veteran of the industry. I was only claiming 2-3 years experience. I have to respect the recruiter’s decision, even if I don’t agree with it. They know their job better than I do. Recruiters look at hundreds of resumes every day, and they are highly tuned to detecting quality candidates and rejecting those who don’t match up with their model. For some reason, I just didn’t fit the profile. They probably are doing me a favor. It’s possible that I would have been in over my head and continually dragged my team down. Google is known for having false negatives in their selection process, but if you’re good enough for Google, you’ll eventually get in. I still like Google, however, I don’t know if I’ll apply again in the future. I want to get hired and stay at a company for a long time. I don’t want to hop around. The company that ends up hiring me will get a loyal, hardworking, enthusiastic employee. There are a lot of other places where I can strive for greatness and have that effort rewarded. Google served its purpose to motivate me – now some other company will enjoy the benefits of that motivation. TC: Do you think Google got scared of your l33t p0werz? JWL: I don’t think my knowledge caused anyone to tremble in fear. I doubt my knowledge is intimidating. It’s the exact same set of topics they expect candidates to know or study to prepare. I’ve done a lot of speculation about the reason why the decided to pass, but I won’t do that here. It’s all just guessing, which accomplishes nothing. TC: What’s next? Where else are you looking for work? In the end, I got what I wanted, which was my missing knowledge of computer science and “close to the metal” software engineering. I’m no longer afraid of linked lists or balanced binary search trees. I love them very much now. The things I find fascinating now are the same things an engineer with years of experience would find boring. It’s all new and exciting to me. I’ve gone past software engineering and studied machine learning, too. It’s all fantastic. Well, I put all this effort into starting a new career as a software engineer. I’m looking at companies around the Seattle area, mainly larger companies, where they can afford to take in an enthusiastic and “experienced yet green” software engineer and give me the time to get up to speed. I want to work with a professional team and write great software, including testing, debugging and profiling. I’m looking to construct quality software. I’m looking for an environment where a smart, hard-working, and knowledgeable software craftsman (in training) can thrive, grow, and learn. I will make mistakes, but will always work hard to keep from being a burden on my team. I won’t bring my ego to work. I’ll accept when I’m wrong and take the blame when I goof up. To potential employers, bring me hard problems. I can learn anything. If you need me to become the in-house expert on OS internals, geometry algorithms, compiler construction, cryptography, machine learning, or Intel x86 instructions, then I will. Anyway, back to studying. I’ve got coding problems to do. 0 SHARES Advertisement Advertisement Newsletter Subscriptions The Daily Crunch Get the top tech stories of the day delivered to your inbox TC Weekly Roundup Get a weekly recap of the biggest tech stories Crunchbase Daily The latest startup funding announcements Enter Address Subscribe SEE ALL NEWSLETTERS » Latest Crunch Report Nintendo Switch Hits the Market on March 3 | Crunch Report Watch More Episodes Google GitHub world wide web Startups Popular Posts Featured Stories Sarah Michelle Gellar on starting Foodstirs VIDEO | 4:58 | Interviews Start thinking like a startup 3 hours ago | Mona Bijoor Dronerise: gradually, then suddenly 11 hours ago | Jon Evans, Columnist SpaceX successfully lands its first-stage Falcon 9 rocket on drone ship yesterday | Darrell Etherington SpaceX successfully returns to launch with Iridium-1 NEXT Falcon 9 mission yesterday | Darrell Etherington Latest From Startups Puerto Rico turns to tech and entrepreneurialism to revitalize the economy 7 hours ago | Jim Glade My 1st Years, a startup that sells personalised gifts for babies and children, raises further £5M 12 hours ago | Steve O'Hear Sony Entertainment CEO Michael Lynton is now Snapchat’s chairman Jan 13, 2017 | Matthew Lynley Salesforce’s Quip acquires ex-Facebook designer studio Unity&Variety Jan 13, 2017 | Josh Constine Comment moderation powered by Up Next Madrona appoints Microsoft’s former developer division chief as managing partner Posted Jan 12, 2017 CrunchBoard Job Listings Digital Marketing Specialist at IBISWorld (Los Angeles, CA, United States) Head of Marketing at Concord (San Francisco, CA, United States) DevOps Engineer @ Qadium at The Sourcery (San Francisco, CA, United States) Sales Director at Shopkick (New York, NY, United States) System Administrator at Shopkick (Redwood City, CA, United States) More from CrunchBoard Advertisement TechCrunch News Video Events Crunchbase TechCrunch Store About Staff Contact Us Advertise With Us Event & Editorial Calendar Send Us A Tip International China Europe Japan Follow TechCrunch Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Youtube Pinterest Tumblr Instagram StumbleUpon Feed TechCrunch Apps iOS Android Windows 8 Subscribe to The Daily Crunch Latest headlines delivered to you daily Subscribe to <span class="no-mobile">Subscribe to </span>The Daily Crunch Enter Email Address Subscribe © 2013-2017 AOL Inc. All rights reserved. Aol Tech Privacy Policy About Our Ads Anti Harassment Policy Terms of Service Powered by WordPress.com VIP Fonts by News Startups Mobile Gadgets Enterprise Social Europe Asia Crunch Network Unicorn Leaderboard Gift Guides All Galleries All Timelines Videos Apps News CES 2017 Crunch Report All Shows All Videos Events Disrupt Startup Battlefield Crunchies Meetups International City Events Hackathon Include NFL’s 1ST and Future TechCrunch Store All Events Crunchbase Message Us Most Popular WTF is machine learning? Oct 23, 2016 by John Mannes Start thinking like a startup 3 hours ago by Mona Bijoor Puerto Rico turns to tech and entrepreneurialism to revitalize the economy 7 hours ago by Jim Glade Innovation under the hood will rev the engines of a fintech revolution 11 hours ago by Matt Heiman Facebook encourages text statuses with new colored backgrounds Dec 19, 2016 by Josh Constine Technology can’t replace the human touch 11 hours ago by Ron Miller Dronerise: gradually, then suddenly 11 hours ago by Jon Evans SpaceX successfully lands its first-stage Falcon 9 rocket on drone ship yesterday by Darrell Etherington Apple’s first AirPods ad reminds me of the iPod ads yesterday by Romain Dillet
This web site uses cookies to improve your experience. By viewing our content, you are accepting the use of cookies. To find out more and change your cookie settings, please view our cookie policy. Edition: Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan Go Videos Smart City Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security Data Centers more Apple Mobility CES 2017 IoT Enterprise Software Hardware See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Newsletters All Writers Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out Go Menu Videos Smart City Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security Data Centers Apple Mobility CES 2017 IoT Enterprise Software Hardware See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out us Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan ​Google sets RAISR to work: Hi-res images now hog less Google+ mobile bandwidth Google is using machine-learning technology to display higher-resolution images on Google+ for mobile but using much smaller file sizes. By Liam Tung | January 12, 2017 -- 12:25 GMT (04:25 PST) | Topic: Mobility Google's RAISR technology uses machine learning to produce high-quality versions of low-resolution images, which allows it avoid hogging bandwidth and enable faster downloads. Image: Google Google has started applying a new technology called RAISR to images on Google+, so that they can be displayed in high resolution without using loads of bandwidth. The hi-res images are rolling out to Google's Google+ social network on some Android devices this week. According to Google, it's been able to use up to 75 percent less bandwidth on large images that it's applied its RAISR technology to. Three New Year's resolutions Google needs to keep in 2017 From AI to TV, Google has its work cut out for itself as it gets more serious about its own hardware. Read More Google introduced Rapid and Accurate Image Super-Resolution, or RAISR, in November as a way to offer razor-sharp images on bandwidth-constrained mobile devices. The technology uses machine learning to produce high-quality versions of low-resolution images, which allows it to avoid hogging bandwidth and enable faster downloads. As John Nack, a product manager for Google+ explains, where RAISR has been enabled, a device will request a fraction of the pixels from Google's servers, and then uses RAISR to restore the image to its full glory on the device. It's the second product Google has rolled the technology out to. In December, it began using RAISR to sharpen up videos exported from its iOS app, Motion Stills, for snaps taken with the iPhone's Live Photos feature. That benefited iOS users who have newer iPhones with Live Photos. However, the application of RAISR to Google+ enables it for a potentially wider audience, starting with Android, which might also entice more people to use its social network. "While we've only begun to roll this out for high-resolution images when they appear in the streams of a subset of Android devices, we're already applying RAISR to more than one billion images per week, reducing these users' total bandwidth by about a third," John Nack said. It's not clear when RAISR will be available to Google+ users on iOS, but Nack notes Google will be rolling out "more broadly" in the coming weeks. Read more about Google+ Google+ isn't dead: It's just gone to a better place Google Plus' Hangouts On Air moved to YouTube Live Google+ Terms get tougher on harassment, softer on nudity Join Discussion Powered by Livefyre Add your Comment Related Stories Mobility LG touts upcoming G6's safety with 'heat pipes' Mobility iPhone 10th, CES 2017, wearables, and headsets (MobileTechRoundup show #388) Mobility Samsung Display ad could suggest Galaxy S8 design Mobility Silk iPhone 7 collection hands-on: Style, protection, and functionality at affordable prices × Thank You Please review our terms of service to complete your newsletter subscription I agree to the Terms of Use, Privacy Policy and Video Services Policy. I understand I will receive a complimentary subscription to TechRepublic's News and Special Offers newsletter, and the Daily Digest newsletter (you can opt out at any time). ACCEPT & CLOSE Newsletters You have been successfully signed up. To sign up for more newsletters or to manage your account, visit the Newsletter Subscription Center. See All See All ZDNet Connect with us © 2017 CBS Interactive. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | Cookies | Ad Choice | Advertise | Terms of Use | Mobile User Agreement Visit other CBS Interactive sites: Select SiteCBS CaresCBS FilmsCBS RadioCBS.comCBSInteractiveCBSNews.comCBSSports.comChowhoundCNETCollege NetworksGameSpotLast.fmMaxPrepsMetacritic.comMoneywatchmySimonRadio.comSearch.comShopper.comShowtimeTechRepublicThe InsiderTV.comUrbanBaby.comZDNet Topics All Authors Galleries Videos About ZDNet Meet The Team Site Map RSS Feeds Reprint Policy Manage | Log Out Log In to ZDNET | Join ZDNet Membership Newsletters Site Assistance
null
CONTENT Reviews Columns Buyer's Guide POPULAR TOPICS Android Apple Cars Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Photography Apps Software Wearable Entertainment Science Reviews Columns Buyer's Guide Popular Topics  Android Apple Cars Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Photography Apps Software Wearable Entertainment Science Twitter Google+ Facebook Youtube RSS Search SlashGear Search Alphabet’s Titan solar-powered drone permanently grounded JC Torres - Jan 12, 2017 0 Facebook Twitter Google Reddit Being a Google X, now just X, project may mean you get some media attention by virtue of association with Google, but that’s no guarantee you’ll actually survive. Some, like self-driving cars, do become companies of their own. Others, like Barge and Glass, however, might never see the light of day ever again. Joining the latter’s ranks is Project Titan, Google’s former solar-powered, Internet bearing drone, which has just been declared redundant in lieu of the already in-flight Project Loon balloons. Google has always wanted to bring the Internet, and therefore its services and ads, even to the most remote places in the world, where Internet cables have no hope of reaching. To do that, Google took to the skies, first with high-altitude balloons under the Project Loon group, and then with an even higher flying drone. Project Titan got its name from Titan Aerospace, the original developers of this solar-powered UAV, which was acquired by Google in 2014. The idea was to have these drones deliver Internet to those same remote areas but in a more self-sufficient way. By harnessing the power of the sun, the Titan drone can, in theory, fly almost indefinitely, storing excess energy for when there is no sun. That’s the theory. In practice, Project Titan may have hit a few snags that made Alphabet, X’s new parent, question its feasibility. Whether those snags are technological or financial, we may never know. In the final analysis, Alphabet already has a working, Internet-over-the-air program in operation, one that has a more or less proven track record. As part of its austerity measures, Titan got the boot. An insider source says that some of the employees from the project were transferred to Project Loon. Others, however, were not so lucky. Alphabet isn’t done with drones yet, however. It still has Project Wing, which aims to be its drone delivery service. The feasibility of that enterprise, however, is also not yet clear, even if retail king Amazon itself is interested in that space. VIA: Business Insider Tags Alphabetdronegoogletitan Must Read Bits & Bytes SpaceX launches first rocket since explosion, deploying satellites & landing successfully Nintendo Switch online service: monthly games not really ‘free,’ smartphone-based multiplayer chat Here’s every Nintendo Switch game trailer released so far Andy Rubin created Android: now he’s making the “Essential” smartphone Nintendo Switch: Everything you really need to know Latest Headlines LG G6 promised not to explode Jan 15, 2017 More Nintendo Switch details: 2TB microSD card support, no Miiverse or StreetPass Jan 15, 2017 Apple debuts AirPods ads highlighting Siri and pairing Jan 15, 2017 Amazon seeks FCC permission for secret wireless testing Jan 15, 2017 Chinese app stores ordered to register with government Jan 15, 2017 Latest Reviews 2017 Cadillac CT6 Platinum AWD Review: Luxury, reinvented Jan 11, 2017 The McLaren 570S is my favorite car of 2016 Dec 30, 2016 2017 Hyundai Santa Fe Review: Affordable SUV more than matches its 7 passenger peers Dec 28, 2016 2016 BMW 330e Review: The secret plug-in hybrid Dec 26, 2016 2017 Infiniti Q60 Red Sport 400 Review Dec 26, 2016 Search © 2005-2016 SlashGear, All Rights Reserved. Site Information About Advertise Tip Us Contact Ethics Statement Privacy Policy Terms of Use Archives Social and Media Google+ Facebook Twitter YouTube RSS Feed Popular Topics Android Apple Cars Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Apps Software Wearable Entertainment Science
MENU Tech Science Health Culture Reviews Features Videos HOMEPAGE Tech Gadgets Computers Phones/Tablets/Mobile Tech Wearable Tech Apps/Software Business Tech Internet Car Tech Security Apple Google Microsoft Smart Home Science Space Robotics Energy Earth/Environment Animals Material Science Ancient Health Healthy Living/Wellness Medicine Public Health Biotech Neuroscience Culture Movies/TV Shows Video Games Geek Life & Style Viral Celebrities Reviews Video Games Features Tech Science Health Culture Advertisement facebook twitter reddit Comment google+ linkedin Email What's app digg Android Wear 2.0 Release Date Set For February 2017: The Smartwatch OS Is Finally Coming 12 January 2017, 5:40 am EST By Carl Velasco Tech Times Google - Five Fascinating Facts About The Search GiantNow Playing Wearable Tech - The Rise Of Smartwatches, FitBands, Smartglasses And MoreNow Playing Android Wear 2.0, Google’s second-generation smartwatch OS, will finally roll out come February, according to reports. The OS was previously delayed to 2017 because of problems that arose during developer preview builds.  ( Android ) Advertisement At long last, Android Wear 2.0 will finally be available soon. Android Wear 2.0 is Google's follow-up to its own smartwatch operating system. So far, the OS has been mired by delays, conclusively pushing the roll out to 2017. But now, reports say that it will finally be released come early February. Android Wear 2.0 Out In February A specific date has not been disclosed, although Google has been notifying developers about the OS' imminent release, which is just a few weeks away. Google has been pinging these folks as a preparatory measure, aiding those who still might have unsupported Android Wear code when the latest iteration steps out its development hump. What's more, Google is trying to make sure that developers have their apps updated so that they can run in standalone mode, a feature that negates the need to pair the device with a smartphone in order to be functional. One of the hurdles smartwatches face — aside from dismal sales — is that smartphones often weigh in on the equation, adding bulk to the whole smartwatch ecosystem. We've yet to truly see a smartphone-free smartwatch, but at least Google is making headway in that front. The latest iteration was first announced during the company's I/O developer conference in May 2016. Google announced in September that the OS will be pushed back to a 2017 release to iron out snags that were brought to light via the developer preview builds. Google's Upcoming Smartwatches Google, while hard at work on bringing Android Wear 2.0 to the public, is also laboring over two unannounced smartwatches that will be co-created by a manufacturer it rubbed elbows with in the past. Early reports pit these smartwatches as being branded with Google's namesake, or the more recent Pixel naming scheme, but this is not the case, the company itself has confirmed. These new devices will be considered flagship models, touted as the first hardware launch post-Android Wear 2.0. Android Wear 2.0 Features Android Wear's most recent iteration has undergone quite an overhaul, chiefly with distinct changes to the user interface, and improvements to the way users interact with their devices. There's something called glanceable experiences, wherein users are able to customize the device's watch face to display necessary data, such as fitness tracking, and more. Android Wear 2.0 will naturally get a Material Design revamp, but the integration isn't a simple cut and paste affair. The UI will be specifically rendered as to optimize the smartwatch experience, resulting in apps that are catered to round screens, much like Samsung's Tizen-based smartwatches. Google is also trying to make messaging on a smartwatch a thing, despite the tiny screens of smartwatches. Luckily, Google has a few tricks up its sleeve in the form of new input methods that will make messaging easier. Apart from smart replies, which are context-generated responses, Google will also include a small keyboard for typing. If that doesn't suffice, there's also handwriting recognition as an alternative. A cumbersome task on paper, sure, but one that deserves to be tested once it's finally out. Pumped for Android Wear 2.0? Tell us in the comments section below! TAG Android Wear, Google, Android Wear 2.0, Smartwatches © 2016 Tech Times, All rights reserved. Do not reproduce without permission. Related Articles CES 2017: Casio's GPS-Enabled Pro Trek Smartwatch Gives A Good Look At Android Wear 2.0 Google Confirmed To Release Android Wear 2.0 Smartwatches: Here's What To Expect From The Wearable OS Google To Launch Two Flagship Android Wear 2.0 Smartwatches In Q1 2017: Here's What We Know About Them Android Wear 2.0 Developer Preview 4 Adds Single Sign-On, In-App Billing And Reinstates Wear 1.0 Functions Google Rumored To Release Two Android Wear 2.0 Smartwatches Code-Named Angelfish, Swordfish: Pixel Wearable Coming In Q1 2017? From Our Sponsor Eco-friendly Packaging On Demand Technology Changes The Way Retailers Think About Shipping Packages On-demand packaging can be eco-friendly as well as save costs. Now, who would have thought of that? Packsize did, and it's changing the business of shipping packages. SPONSORED BY Packsize Advertisement Most Popular 1 Ancient Newly Discovered Tombs In Egypt Have Remains Of Babies And Crocodiles 2 Car Tech Tesla Update: New Ludicrous+ Fires Up Tesla Model S P100D To Go From 0 To 60 In 2.4 Seconds 3 Smart Home WATCH: How To Make Alexa And Google Home Talk To Each Other In A Never-Ending Loop Advertisement 4 Phones/Tablets/Mobile Tech Samsung Galaxy J7 (2017) Spotted On Geekbench Running On Android Nougat 5 Healthy Living/Wellness Eating Spicy Chili Pepper May Help You Live Longer 6 Video Games 'Pokémon Sun' And 'Moon' Guide: How To Evolve Eevee Into Sylveon, Leafeon, Glaceon And More 7 Phones/Tablets/Mobile Tech Samsung Galaxy S8: Is The Smartphone Worth The Wait? 8 Phones/Tablets/Mobile Tech Nokia 6 Takes On OnePlus 3T: Camera Comparison Of The Two Smartphones [Video] 9 Internet Kickass Torrents Comeback Bombing? Pirate Bay, ExtraTorrent, Rarbg, Torrentz2, 1337x Remain Top Sites Despite KAT Return 10 Security WhatsApp's So-Called 'Backdoor' Is Not A Vulnerability But A Feature EDITOR'S PICKS Samsung Begins Rolling Out Galaxy S7, S7 Edge Android 7.0 Nougat Update: S6 Variants, Note 5 Next Witness Two Stars Colliding In 2022: How The Red Nova Will Be Visible From Earth [GIF] Asteroid Barely Missed Earth When It Flew By Closer Than The Moon On Monday Company That Wants To Mine The Moon Gets Enough Money For Maiden Lunar Flight Skull, Brain And Clumps Of Hair Found Inside Ovarian Tumor Of 16-Year-Old Kickass Torrents Comeback Bombing? Pirate Bay, ExtraTorrent, Rarbg, Torrentz2, 1337x Remain Top Sites Despite KAT Return Tesla vs Faraday Future: Should Elon Musk Be Worried? Child’s Toy Whirligig Inspired Stanford Researchers To Invent Low-Cost, Hand-Powered Blood Centrifuge Walmart App Lets Buyers Scan Items While Shopping And Skip Checkout Lane Life & Style More Life & Style Boy Grows Out Hair For 2 Years To Donate Wig To Friend With Alopecia WATCH: Diver Mathieu Villegas Captures The Icy Depths Of A Frozen Lake With His GoPro Fort Lauderdale Airport Shooting: Second Gunman Rumors Created Panic Mariah Carey Lip Sync Mishap: Diva Shrugs Off NYE Glitch In A Tweet Gun Violence A ‘Contagious’ Social Epidemic: Yale Study Man Charged With DUI After Testing Positive For Caffeine 2017 Predictions: Why Do Nostradamus, Baba Vanga And The Failed 'Blood Miracle' Spell Doom For The World? New Year's Eve Fun Facts: Beliefs And Traditions To Welcome 2017 TechScienceHealthCultureReviewsFeaturesVideos About Us | Contact Us | Content Licensing | Terms & Conditions | Privacy Policy | Media Kit | BrandSpin © 2016 TechTimes Inc. All rights reserved.
Hot Topics: News Video Reviews Phones Tablets Android Nougat Apps How-to Submit a Tip greenbot Popular Stories: A list of all the Google Now voice commands 13 tips and tricks to master your HTC One (M8) 11 simple tips and tricks to get more from your LG G3 Get the most from your Samsung Galaxy S5 with these 16 tips and tricks Back that app up: 5 great backup utilities for Android Cabin review: Track your family's location, send messages, and assign tasks Search Search for Suggestions for you Insider email Apps All Apps Entertainment Software Games Productivity Software Social Media Utility Software Carriers Gadgets Google Services All Google Services Google Apps Phones Resources Tablets Tech Events All Tech Events Back to School Holiday Gift Guide News Tips Submit a tip Home Android Feature How to set up your Android phone for ultimate privacy Here's how to replace all of those data-hungry apps and services with ones that don't need to know so much about you. By Derek Walter | Follow Greenbot | Jan 12, 2017 4:00 AM PT Email a friend To Use commas to separate multiple email addresses From 
		     Privacy Policy Thank you Your message has been sent. Sorry There was an error emailing this page. Credit: Derek Walter More like this 14 eyebrow-raising personal details Google knows about you The first things to do with your new Pixel phone These are the coolest things you can do with Google Home Video Google Daydream View unboxing: A first look at Google's VR headset It’s not an exaggeration to say that your smartphone is the most personal device you have. The fact it’s always with you, however, sure does generate a lot of information about your habits. Your location history, Google searches, web browsing habits, app usage, and even recordings of your voice talking to the Google Assistant. Yes, your phone and the Google services powering it are incredibly useful in many tangible ways. And if you use a strong password and two-factor authentication, your information is likely safer on Google’s servers than just about anywhere else. But it’s not paranoia to take stock from time to time of just how much you’re handing over to Google or if you’d rather not place all your digital privacy eggs in the same basket. Here are some simple tips about how you can stay in control of all that critical information and ensure that privacy isn’t something you have to surrender. Get right with Google Since you’re on Android, using a Google account is essential in order to buy apps and use the company’s suite of services. Even the privacy-focused Blackphone puts Google services front and center. If your goal is to maybe do a little de-Googling because you don’t want the company to know every thing about you, the first place to start is the My Activity account center. This is essentially the dashboard for every instance where your activity touches Google servers. The site is quite mobile friendly, so you can attack all these details from your phone or tablet as well as on the desktop. Greenbot My Activity is the home for everything Google remembers about your daily interactions. The amount of information is a little staggering, especially if this is your first time there. For example, touch “Android” and you’ll see a timeline of the interactions from your phone, such as which apps you’ve used on your phone, tablet, or Android TV. Same goes for Chrome, Search, or Play. There’s also a search function, which is surprisingly a little hit and miss at finding your stuff. The key to this section is that you can also clean things out. Touch the overflow (three vertical dots) button at the top right and you’ll have an option to delete details by a certain timeframe. You can also opt for the nuclear option and delete everything if you want a fresh start. Greenbot You can delete activity from a specific time period or send everything to the digital trash bin at once. The most interesting addition to this section is found if you use the Google Assistant, which is what powers the artificial intelligence smarts inside the Pixel, Google Home, and Allo. Every voice interaction with Google is recorded, and you can play it back. Greenbot You can play back and also delete your voice interactions with the Google Assistant. It’s a little creepy to know your voice recordings are saved for all time. So you can delete this if you’d like. However, you’re better off acknowledging that this is one of the tradeoffs we make for having an artificial genie always at your disposal. It remembers. This is where the “delete activity by” button can come in handy. It allows you to delete content from a specific application. Touch Filter by date & product and then select Assistant or any other app you want to seek out. This way all your voice searches, Google searches, or other interactions are sent away at once. Greenbot You can wipe away your voice commands all at once. Returning here often, just to see what's going on, is also a good idea as a way of ensuring your account is secure and nothing suspicious has taken place. Location, location, location So much of how your phone interacts with different apps and services is through your location. Think Google Maps, Google search suggestions, Uber, and other services. One area you should check is your Google location history. This is a detailed timeline of everywhere your Android device has gone. It’s actually useful, as it’s helped me remember where I went on a certain day. However, it’s easy to understand that some may not want this saved for all time. Head to Maps > Your timeline and you’ll see what Google has on you. Your location is saved in an attractive timeline by each day, and it even integrates with Google Photos to show which pictures you took by location. Greenbot Every move you make is traceable inside of Google Maps. You can tame this behavior, however. Head to Settings > Personal > Location. From here, you can see which apps have recently accessed your location. There’s also a switch to turn this off if there are particular apps you don’t want included or are turning into a battery drain. Greenbot Find out which apps and devices are using Google’s location services. Keep in mind that shutting off all location-based tracking means no more regional tips from Google Now, gift card offers from Android Pay, or other location-based alerts. You’re also likely to get far fewer Opinion Rewards surveys since many of these come from your location. You can also get more specific and turn on or off location services for specific apps or devices if you want more control. Phones, tablets, and PCs that have used your Google account tend to hang this feature around a while, and for security your best bet is to ensure you’ve wiped them properly before resale. Go outside the circle Along with tightening the reins on your Google account, you can also opt to go dark with some other apps and services you use. Just like on the desktop, you can browse the web with Chrome in Incognito mode. It’s even easier if you have a Pixel as it’s one of the app shortcuts (press hand hold the Chrome icon). This doesn’t save any of your Google searches or web history to your account, however it doesn’t mean that you’re completely invisible. Your internet service provider and other information is still visible to the server you visit. Greenbot Go Incognito mode if you want to browse without much of a trace. For even stronger private browsing, there’s a toolset for using Tor on Android. Orbot uses Tor to create a proxy and scramble your Internet traffic. You then use the Orbox browser to surf the web securely. It’s so secure, it won’t even let you take a screenshot of the browsing section. More technical users can also dive into node configuration, bridges, and relays. Greenbot Tor browsing isn’t just for the desktop. If you want a more conventional solution, you can always opt out of the Chrome ecosystem by going with Firefox and a different search engine. The best mostly-private option is DuckDuckGo. Not only is it a solid search engine, but none of your search history or other details are saved by the company.  On the email front, you can get by with some more private alternatives to Gmail. One of the best is ProtonMail. It’s a popular, encrypted email service with the servers based in Switzerland. You’re not going to get all the cool tricks like travel itineraries in your Google Now feed, but you can rest assured that your email account is securely hosted. Greenbot DuckDuckGo, Signal, and many other apps are good choices if you want to elevate your privacy. The other area that gets a lot of attention is messaging. There are many good, private messaging options for you. Personally I’m a fan of Signal, as I find it to have the best feature set and a robust development pace. It uses end-to-end encryption, which means that only the sender and recipient are able to see the message. Privacy and security are just as much a mindset as they are about using specific apps, however. The real key is to think about apps that you interact with and what privacy tradeoffs you may be making for their services. In many cases it’s worth it. Yet as technology creeps ever more into our lives, it’s best from time to time to decide just how much is enough. To comment on this article and other Greenbot content, visit our Facebook page or our Twitter feed. Related: Android Google Apps Google Services Google Android Nougat Google Maps Derek Walter is a freelance technology writer based in Northern California. He is the author of Learning MIT App Inventor, a hands-on guide to building your own Android apps. You Might Like Shop Tech Products at Amazon Notice to our Readers We're now using social media to take your comments and feedback. Learn more about this here. Popular on Greenbot New Pokémon Go maps show you where to catch 'em all Where can I find Pikachu? More than one Pokémon Go map promises to help you find rare Pokémon—and they... A list of all the Google Now voice commands Pokémon Go FAQ: The beginner's guide on how to catch 'em all Newsletter Get the latest news, trends, apps, and tips for your Android phone. Get our Greenbot download newsletter Go The best Pokémon Go map grabs data directly from the Pokémon Go servers Pokévision may be the best Pokémon Go map, as it apparently taps the Niantic API itself to provide a... 20 great new features in Android 7.0 Nougat Google's operating system is everywhere, and it just keeps getting better. Here's what's new in this... More from... Featured Stories Five to Try: Star Wars: Force Arena, Toontastic 3D, Towaga, Inkitt... Check out this week's biggest new Android app and game releases. 2016 in review: The year in Android Take a look back at the last 12 months of Android and a peek at what's to come. 5 things you need to know about the Snapdragon 835 This is the processor that will power most of the high-end Android phones this year, and it sounds... 20 great new features in Android 7.0 Nougat Google's operating system is everywhere, and it just keeps getting better. Here's what's new in this... Sponsored Links Building a cloud business case? Need data to back up your cloud strategy? Greenbot Follow us Apps Carriers Gadgets Google Services Phones Resources Tablets Tech Events News Tips Submit a tip Newsletters About Us Contact Privacy Policy Terms of Service Agreement E-commerce Affiliate Relationships Advertising Careers at IDG Site Map Copyright © 2017 IDG Communications, Inc. The Android robot is reproduced or modified from work created and shared by Google and used according to terms described in the Creative Commons 3.0 Attribution License. Greenbot is an independent site that is not affiliated with Google Inc. Explore the IDG Network descend CIO Computerworld CSO Greenbot IDC IDG IDG Connect IDG Knowledge Hub IDG TechNetwork IDG.TV IDG Ventures Infoworld IT News ITwhitepapers ITworld JavaWorld LinuxWorld Macworld Network World PC World TechConnect TechHive This ad will close in 20 seconds. Continue to site »
Accessibility links Skip to content Accessibility Help BBC iD Notifications BBC navigation News News Sport Weather Shop Earth Travel Capital iPlayer Culture Autos Future TV Radio CBBC CBeebies Food iWonder Bitesize Travel Music Earth Arts Make It Digital Taster Nature Local Menu Search Search the BBC Search the BBC BBC News News navigation Sections Find local news Home UK World Business Politics Tech selected Science Health Education Entertainment & Arts Video & Audio Magazine In Pictures Also in the News Special Reports Explainers The Reporters Have Your Say Disability Technology Technology Google confirms end of internet drone project 12 January 2017 From the section Technology Share Share this with Email Share this with Email Facebook Share this with Facebook Messenger Share this with Messenger Messenger Share this with Messenger Twitter Share this with Twitter Pinterest Share this with Pinterest WhatsApp Share this with WhatsApp LinkedIn Share this with LinkedIn Copy this link http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/technology-38596974 Read more about sharing. Close share panel Image copyright AP Image caption Titan's solar-powered drones were able to fly at high altitudes for long periods Google has confirmed it has closed its internet drone project Titan, three years after it bought the business. The drones were designed to bring the internet to remote rural areas, complementing its Loon project - a similar initiative using hot air balloons. However, the solar-powered vehicles have faced technical difficulties and funding challenges. On Wednesday, blog 9to5 Google revealed Titan had actually shut in early 2016. A statement from X, the Google division responsible for Titan, confirmed the news. "Titan was brought into X in late 2015. We ended our exploration of high altitude unmanned aerial vehicles for internet access shortly after," it said. "By comparison, at this stage the economics and technical feasibility of Project Loon present a much more promising way to connect rural and remote parts of the world." Google acquired Titan Aerospace in 2014, reportedly fending off a bid from Facebook, which has also been trialling internet-providing drones. Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Google said it was focusing on Project Loon, another project to bring the internet to remote areas using hot air balloons At the time Google said it was "early days", but that "atmospheric satellites could help bring internet access to millions of people, and help solve other problems, including disaster relief and environmental damage like deforestation". However, after test flights began in 2015, reports alleged that Titan was facing technical difficulties and was running out of money. In mid-2015, the Titan team also experienced a crash in the Arizona desert which was later linked to a wing fault. The statement added that "many" Titan staff had been reassigned to different parts of the business, including Project Loon and Wing, a division dedicated to providing drone-based deliveries. Facebook's internet drones have also faced problems. The firm's Aquila drone crashed during a test flight in June, prompting an investigation by the National Transportation Safety Board, and an explosion destroyed one of its satellites earlier in 2016. Share this story About sharing Email Facebook Messenger Messenger Twitter Pinterest WhatsApp LinkedIn More on this story Facebook's drones - made in Britain 21 July 2016 Google's Project Loon internet balloons to circle Earth 28 October 2015 Top Stories Trump: UK doing great after Brexit vote The US president-elect promises a quick trade deal with the UK after he takes office in five days' time. 16 January 2017 Tunisia attack deaths inquest to open 16 January 2017 Pound falls ahead of May Brexit speech 16 January 2017 Features Lemon-aid Using fruit to explain how breast cancer looks and feels Coding pioneer Joyce Wheeler looks back on using one of the first computers Toxic air The city where you can't escape smog, even inside your home Entertainment week in pictures From the Golden Globes to the Rovers Return Public porn What do you do when someone is watching porn on the bus? Blind man's fog How snow hinders sightless people but rain helps Guccifer 2.0 & me Conversations with the notorious hacker targeted by America 'Victims of their time' The Victorian children held behind bars A walk through Aleppo Jeremy Bowen shares his images from a city in ruins News navigation Sections Home UK UK Home England N. Ireland Scotland Alba Wales Cymru World World Home Africa Asia Australia Europe Latin America Middle East US & Canada Business Business Home Your Money Market Data Markets Companies Economy Politics Politics Home Parliaments Brexit Tech selected Science Health Education Education Home School Report Global Education Entertainment & Arts Video & Audio Magazine In Pictures Also in the News Special Reports Explainers The Reporters Have Your Say Disability BBC News Services On your mobile On your connected tv Get news alerts Contact BBC News Explore the BBC News News Sport Weather Shop Earth Travel Capital iPlayer Culture Autos Future TV Radio CBBC CBeebies Food iWonder Bitesize Travel Music Earth Arts Make It Digital Taster Nature Local Terms of Use About the BBC Privacy Policy Cookies Accessibility Help Parental Guidance Contact the BBC Advertise with us Ad choices Copyright © 2017 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.
Skip to content Fone Arena The Mobile Blog Menu Main Site Phones Gadgets About Media Coverage Advertising Contact Tip Us Twitter FB Youtube Android Wear 2.0 is coming in February, confirms Google Android Wear 2.0 is finally arriving in February. The release that was scheduled for last year had further delayed till early 2017. Now, Google has confirmed that the next version of Android Wear is coming next month via an email to that was sent out to app developers.  Google has warned developers whose apps are not compatible with Android Wear 2.0 to ensure that their applications are optimized for the next generation of its wearable OS. Android Wear 2.0 will also support standalone apps that will not need phones to work. If developers do not take the required action to optimize their applications, users will not be able to search and find their app in the on-watch Google Play app. Last month, Google confirmed that two Android Wear 2.0 smartwatches are coming in 2017. Earlier this month, Casio WSD F-20 smart outdoor watch with GPS with Android Wear 2.0 was announced. Android Wear 2.0 gets revamped UI, standalone apps, gesture keyboard and more. Via "Android Wear 2.0 is coming in February, confirms Google", 5 out of 5 based on 13 ratings. Author: Sneha Bokil Sneha Bokil is a tech enthusiast and is currently using Nexus 5X but she still treasures her Nokia N70 (M). You can follow her on Twitter @snehabokil and on Google+ View all posts by Sneha Bokil Author Sneha BokilPosted on January 12, 2017Categories Android, Google, Smartwatches Post navigation Previous Previous post: Gionee Steel 2 with 5-inch display, 3GB RAM, 4000mAh battery, fingerprint sensor, 4G VoLTE announced Next Next post: Airtel Payments Bank launched in 29 states across India Trending Phones OnePlus 3 Xiaomi Mi Max Gionee S6 Pro Le 2 Pro Le 2 Le Max 2 Mobile Phones Nokia Sony Ericsson Samsung Motorola i-Mate Dopod HTC LG 02 BlackBerry Sagem Haier palmOne HP Spice Fly Apple Latest Phones Lenovo Phab 2 Lenovo Phab 2 Plus Lenovo Phab 2 Pro Motorola Moto Z Motorola Moto Z Force Reliance Lyf Wind 5 Featured Video Subscribe to FA on YouTube Recent Posts Microsoft acquires deep learning startup Maluuba Andy Rubin reportedly working on high-end smartphone with bezel-less display Weekly Round up – HTC U Ultra, HTC U Play, Lenovo P2, Huawei P8 Lite and more Nokia 8 surfaces , Samsung Galaxy S7 / S7 edge gets Android Nougat and more – FoneArena Daily Lenovo P2 Review ACT Fibernet enterprise plans in Bengaluru revised again, 250Mbps plan now has 2TB FUP Samsung Galaxy S8 prototype surfaces, dual camera said to be exclusive for Galaxy S8 Plus Wileyfox Swift 2X with 5.2-inch 1080p display, 3GB RAM, fingerprint sensor announced Swipe Konnect Grand with 5-inch display, 1GB RAM, Android 6.0 launched for Rs. 2799 Bose SoundTouch 300 soundbar launched for Rs. 69999 CategoriesCategories Select Category 2 in 1 3G 4G Accessories Acer Aircel Airtel Alcatel Amazon Android Announcements AOC Apple apps Articles askFA AskFoneArena Asus AT&T Bada Battery test Benchmarks Bharti Blackberry BlackBerry World Blogging Bluetooth Brands BSNL BT Byond Camera Samples Canada Cases CDMA CeBIT Celkon CES CES 2013 CES 2014 CES 2015 CES 2016 CES 2017 Chaze Cheers China china Computex 2014 Computex 2015 Computex 2016 Contributors Coolpad CREO CTIA Datawind Dell Development development Digiflip Pro Domo Dual SIM EE Elephone eReaders EV-DO Events Exclusive Facebook Featured Firefox Fitness Trackers Fly FoneArena Daily FoneArena Labs G Five Games G’FIVE General Gifts Gionee Google GPRS GPS GSM Guides Handsets Headlines HP HTC Huawei Hutch iBall iberry IDEA IFA India Infocus INQ Instagram Photo Contest Intek Intel Interviews Intex IoT iPad iPhone itel Japan Japan Java / J2ME Jio Jolla Karbonn Lava LeEco Lemon Lenovo LeTV LG Linux Luxury Maemo Magicon Manufacturers Maxx MeeGo Meizu Memory Micromax Microsoft Motorola MTNL MTS Multimedia MWC MWC 2010 MWC 2011 MWC 2012 MWC 2013 MWC 2014 MWC 2015 MWC 2016 MWC 2017 News Nexian Nextbit NFC Nokia Nokia World 2009 Nokia World 2010 Nokia World 2011 Nokia-Siemens O2 Obi OnePlus Operators Oplus Oppo Palm Palm Panasonic Phicomm Philips Photo Gallery Platforms poll Press Releases Previews Qiku Qualcomm Reliance Reliance Reports Reviews Roundup Rumors Sailfish Samsung Sections SEE2009 Sennheiser Simmtronics Singapore Smartisan Smartron Smartwatches SMS Software Sony Sony Ericsson Spice Spice Sprint Swipe Symbian T-Mobile Tablets Tata Docomo Tata Indicom TCL Teardown Technology Tesla Three Tips Tizen TP-LINK Ubuntu uk Ulefone UMi Unboxings Uncategorized Uninor USA VAS Verizon Video Videocon Videocon Vivo Vodafone VR Wallets WickedLeak Wifi Win a Nokia E7 Windows Xiaomi Xolo YU Zen Zopo ZTE ZUK FA on Facebook Youtube Main Site Phones Gadgets About Media Coverage Advertising Contact Tip Us Twitter FB Youtube Fone Arena 2005-2016
CONTENT Reviews Columns Buyer's Guide POPULAR TOPICS Android Apple Cars Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Photography Apps Software Wearable Entertainment Science Reviews Columns Buyer's Guide Popular Topics  Android Apple Cars Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Photography Apps Software Wearable Entertainment Science Twitter Google+ Facebook Youtube RSS Search SlashGear Search Android Wear 2.0 is coming next month JC Torres - Jan 12, 2017 0 Facebook Twitter Google Reddit It seems that Google is making up for lost time when it comes to its wearable platform. Android Wear is not only not yet dead, Android Wear 2.0 is actually coming really soon. And by really soon, we mean some time in February. At least that’s according to the notices that app developers are receiving straight from Google. The notice is basically a heads up for those with “legacy” Android Wear 1.0 apps to update their apps so they will be visible in Android Wear’s new on-watch Play Store. Why all the fuss about Android Wear 2.0? Given how smartwatches seem to be on the verge of obsolescence even before they can take root, any sign of life, or stubbornness, from a smartwatch platform maker is always going to be big news. Especially if said platform is supposedly one of the three big wearable platforms in the market (Apple watchOS and Samsung’s Tizen being the other two). Android Wear 2.0 promises to breathe new life into smartwatches, presuming they actually get the update in the first place. The biggest change is that smartwatches will become more independent now, especially with their own Google Play Store right on the watch itself. That change is also giving developers a headache. While it does make it possible to distribute Android Wear apps independent of their full Android counterparts, it also meant that developers had to make that split or be left out. That said, Google fortunately eased up the restrictions on Android Wear 1.0 working on Android Wear 2.0 devices. The question now is which smartwatches will get the Android Wear 2.0 update. Very few OEMs have been enthusiastically voicing support. Some, like Motorola, seems to be abandoning ship even. Casio’s new Smart Outdoor Watch will indeed run the new version, but that won’t be out until April. VIA: +Adam Outler Story Timeline Android Wear 2.0 preview adds single sign-in, IAP, sanity Two Nexus-like smartwatches set to lead Android Wear in 2017 Casio Smart Outdoor Watch 2 comes with Android Wear 2.0, GPS Tags AndroidAndroid WeargooglesmartwatchWearable Must Read Bits & Bytes SpaceX launches first rocket since explosion, deploying satellites & landing successfully Nintendo Switch online service: monthly games not really ‘free,’ smartphone-based multiplayer chat Here’s every Nintendo Switch game trailer released so far Andy Rubin created Android: now he’s making the “Essential” smartphone Nintendo Switch: Everything you really need to know Latest Headlines LG G6 promised not to explode Jan 15, 2017 More Nintendo Switch details: 2TB microSD card support, no Miiverse or StreetPass Jan 15, 2017 Apple debuts AirPods ads highlighting Siri and pairing Jan 15, 2017 Amazon seeks FCC permission for secret wireless testing Jan 15, 2017 Chinese app stores ordered to register with government Jan 15, 2017 Latest Reviews 2017 Cadillac CT6 Platinum AWD Review: Luxury, reinvented Jan 11, 2017 The McLaren 570S is my favorite car of 2016 Dec 30, 2016 2017 Hyundai Santa Fe Review: Affordable SUV more than matches its 7 passenger peers Dec 28, 2016 2016 BMW 330e Review: The secret plug-in hybrid Dec 26, 2016 2017 Infiniti Q60 Red Sport 400 Review Dec 26, 2016 Search © 2005-2016 SlashGear, All Rights Reserved. Site Information About Advertise Tip Us Contact Ethics Statement Privacy Policy Terms of Use Archives Social and Media Google+ Facebook Twitter YouTube RSS Feed Popular Topics Android Apple Cars Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Apps Software Wearable Entertainment Science
MENU Tech Science Health Culture Reviews Features Videos HOMEPAGE Tech Gadgets Computers Phones/Tablets/Mobile Tech Wearable Tech Apps/Software Business Tech Internet Car Tech Security Apple Google Microsoft Smart Home Science Space Robotics Energy Earth/Environment Animals Material Science Ancient Health Healthy Living/Wellness Medicine Public Health Biotech Neuroscience Culture Movies/TV Shows Video Games Geek Life & Style Viral Celebrities Reviews Video Games Features Tech Science Health Culture Advertisement facebook twitter reddit Comment google+ linkedin Email What's app digg Nexus 6 Gets Speakerphone Echo Issues After Installing Android 7.1.1 Nougat Update 12 January 2017, 5:31 am EST By Chris Loterina Tech Times Google - Five Fascinating Facts About The Search GiantNow Playing Android Marshmallow - Fascinating FactsNow Playing Several Nexus 6 owners are now complaining that the much-awaited Android 7.1.1 Nougat update appears to have sabotaged their speakerphones. They are now currently relying on a temporary fix to carry out phone conversations.  ( Motorola ) Advertisement The rollout of the Android 7.0 Nougat entailed all sorts of problems for several Nexus devices and Google has offered little help for consumers who experienced bugs and issues. This segment has, therefore, awaited the Android 7.1.1 update like some savior that can deliver them from their misery. Android Nougat Echo Bug Unfortunately, for some Nexus 6 users, the update is causing echo and noises in the speakerphone when the firmware was finally installed. "After flashing the factory image for 7.1.1. Using speakerphone in calls the audio drops out," a user posted on Google's forum. "Also the caller on the other end hears squealing and noise." This thread immediately attracted the attention of users who posted the same experience. In a separate ticket posted on the Android Open Source Project thread, those who complained about the speakerphone echo also provided more insights about the extent and the variations to the problem. For example, there are users who pointed out that, after the update, the upper portion of their speaker no longer works. A user also pointed out that the problem persists when using other apps such as Duo and Hangouts. Some sources believe that the update may have messed with the microphone, which now picks up the speakerphone sound. Temporary Nexus 6 Bug Fix A user can partially solve a really problematic conversation by merely muting the mic. One cannot expect, however, to conduct a phone conversation in that manner. They will have to fiddle with the phone each time they're are done speaking to hear the response of the person on the other end of the line. So far, a number of users were able to fix the problem by reverting to Android 7.0. Unfortunately, that means going back to the previous issues associated with this build. Google Update At the Android support thread, a Google Project Manager has already responded. He only took key information and merely provided instructions on how to report the bug through the affected device. The employee has so far failed to get back with a fix or an update to the action Google is taking. However, it is important to note that Google has already recognized the issue and has promptly forwarded the problem to its development team. At this point, the consensus is that flashing back to 7.0 factory images will fix the problem. Users are advised not to proceed with another 7.1.1 update as the speakerphone echo will most likely surface again after a fresh installation. It is also important to note that aside from the speakerphone echo, the update is also causing other bugs such as Bluetooth connectivity and battery problems. TAG Google, Nexus 6, Android 7.1.1 Nougat © 2016 Tech Times, All rights reserved. Do not reproduce without permission. Related Articles Final Android 7.1 Developer Preview 2 Now Live For Nexus 5X, Nexus 6P, Nexus 9 And Pixel C Nexus 5X, Nexus 6P To Get Night Mode Again After Android 7.1 Nougat Update Removed It Android 7.1 Nougat-Based CyanogenMod 14.1 Nears Launch: First Smartphones To Get It Include Nexus 6P, LG G4, Galaxy S5 And More Android 7.1 Nougat Features: Here's What's New According To Android Developer Team Android 7.1 Nougat Will Allow You To Take Partial Screenshots, But It's A Hidden Feature For Now From Our Sponsor Under The Tree: Smart Christmas Packaging Tips From Packsize, The Pros In On-Demand Custom Packaging Tips on how to celebrate a merrier Christmas this year. SPONSORED BY Packsize Advertisement Most Popular 1 Ancient Newly Discovered Tombs In Egypt Have Remains Of Babies And Crocodiles 2 Car Tech Tesla Update: New Ludicrous+ Fires Up Tesla Model S P100D To Go From 0 To 60 In 2.4 Seconds 3 Smart Home WATCH: How To Make Alexa And Google Home Talk To Each Other In A Never-Ending Loop Advertisement 4 Phones/Tablets/Mobile Tech Samsung Galaxy J7 (2017) Spotted On Geekbench Running On Android Nougat 5 Healthy Living/Wellness Eating Spicy Chili Pepper May Help You Live Longer 6 Video Games 'Pokémon Sun' And 'Moon' Guide: How To Evolve Eevee Into Sylveon, Leafeon, Glaceon And More 7 Phones/Tablets/Mobile Tech Samsung Galaxy S8: Is The Smartphone Worth The Wait? 8 Phones/Tablets/Mobile Tech Nokia 6 Takes On OnePlus 3T: Camera Comparison Of The Two Smartphones [Video] 9 Internet Kickass Torrents Comeback Bombing? Pirate Bay, ExtraTorrent, Rarbg, Torrentz2, 1337x Remain Top Sites Despite KAT Return 10 Security WhatsApp's So-Called 'Backdoor' Is Not A Vulnerability But A Feature EDITOR'S PICKS Samsung Begins Rolling Out Galaxy S7, S7 Edge Android 7.0 Nougat Update: S6 Variants, Note 5 Next Witness Two Stars Colliding In 2022: How The Red Nova Will Be Visible From Earth [GIF] Asteroid Barely Missed Earth When It Flew By Closer Than The Moon On Monday Company That Wants To Mine The Moon Gets Enough Money For Maiden Lunar Flight Skull, Brain And Clumps Of Hair Found Inside Ovarian Tumor Of 16-Year-Old Kickass Torrents Comeback Bombing? Pirate Bay, ExtraTorrent, Rarbg, Torrentz2, 1337x Remain Top Sites Despite KAT Return Tesla vs Faraday Future: Should Elon Musk Be Worried? Child’s Toy Whirligig Inspired Stanford Researchers To Invent Low-Cost, Hand-Powered Blood Centrifuge Walmart App Lets Buyers Scan Items While Shopping And Skip Checkout Lane Life & Style More Life & Style Boy Grows Out Hair For 2 Years To Donate Wig To Friend With Alopecia WATCH: Diver Mathieu Villegas Captures The Icy Depths Of A Frozen Lake With His GoPro Fort Lauderdale Airport Shooting: Second Gunman Rumors Created Panic Mariah Carey Lip Sync Mishap: Diva Shrugs Off NYE Glitch In A Tweet Gun Violence A ‘Contagious’ Social Epidemic: Yale Study Man Charged With DUI After Testing Positive For Caffeine 2017 Predictions: Why Do Nostradamus, Baba Vanga And The Failed 'Blood Miracle' Spell Doom For The World? New Year's Eve Fun Facts: Beliefs And Traditions To Welcome 2017 TechScienceHealthCultureReviewsFeaturesVideos About Us | Contact Us | Content Licensing | Terms & Conditions | Privacy Policy | Media Kit | BrandSpin © 2016 TechTimes Inc. All rights reserved.
Pocket-lint News Apps Cameras Cars Drones Fitness Trackers Gadgets Games Headphones Laptops Parenting Phones Smart Home Smartwatches Speakers Tablets TV VR All News Reviews Apps Cameras Cars Drones Fitness Trackers Gadgets Games Headphones Laptops Parenting Phones Smart Home Smartwatches Speakers Tablets TV VR All Reviews Features YouTube Instagram Facebook Twitter Google+ search Phones Best Phone Cameras Fitness trackers Parent hub Smart home MWC 2017 search HTC U Ultra vs Google Pixel XL: What's the difference? Britta O'Boyle12 January 2017Phones HTC / Google / Pocket-lint Facebook Twitter Pintrest LinkedIn Google+ Mail Comment HTC has announced a new family of smartphones in the U range, designed to focus on delivering smartphones that serve you better, as their names suggest. The U Ultra debuted alongside the mid-range U Play, and although the U Ultra isn't HTC's 2017 flagship, it offers a great design and specs that put it in Google Pixel XL territory. Here is how the U Ultra compares to the Pixel XL. HTC U Ultra review HTC U Play review HTC U Ultra vs Google Pixel XL: Design Both offer great designs with fingerprint sensor and USB Type-C U Ultra is larger and heavier, but slimmer overall Pixel XL retains headphone jack The HTC U Ultra has a lovely unique design, offering a 3D contoured liquid surface and curved glass construction that is coloured with layered minerals for depth. There is a fingerprint sensor within the capacitive home button on the front, USB Type-C at the bottom and no headphone jack. The Google Pixel XL also delivers a great design, constructed from a combination of glass and metal, with a glass panel serving the top third of the rear. There are no physical buttons on the front of the device, but a circular fingerprint sensor is present on the rear, USB Type-C at the bottom and the Pixel XL retains the 3.5mm jack. The U Ultra is the slightly larger and heavier device, measuring 162.4 x 79.8mm with a curved rear between 3.6mm and 7.99mm and a weight of 170g. The Pixel XL by comparison measures 154.7 x 75.7mm, has a curved rear between 7.3mm and 8.5mm and hits the scales at 168g. HTC's device comes in four colours, comprising black, blue, pink and white, though thanks to the minerals, each model looks different in different lighting. Google's phone on the other hand comes in two colours in the UK: Quite Black and Very Silver. Google Pixel XL review HTC U Ultra vs Google Pixel XL: Display U Ultra has a larger display and Gorilla Glass 5 Secondary display on the U Ultra Pixel XL has a sharper display and AMOLED The HTC U Ultra has a 5.7-inch Super LCD 5 main display with a 2560 x 1440 resolution for a pixel density of 515ppi. It is protected by Gorilla Glass 5, though there will also be a special edition model that has sapphire glass protection. A secondary display that HTC calls Dual Display is also present on the U Ultra, measuring 2.05-inches with a resolution of 1040 x 160. It sits at the top of the main display delivering notifications, calendar alerts, the time and other important information without interfering with the main display, much like the LG V20 does. The Google Pixel XL keeps things simple with one display which is Super AMOLED and protected by Gorilla Glass 4. It is smaller than the U Ultra at 5.5-inches, but it has the same resolution, making it slightly sharper on paper with a pixel density of 534ppi. HTC U Ultra vs Google Pixel XL: Camera Both have 12-megapixel rear cameras with 1.55µm pixels U Ultra has OIS and wider aperture Higher resolution camera on U Ultra The HTC U Ultra has the same rear camera as the HTC 10, with a 12-megapixel sensor featuring 1.55µm pixels and an aperture of f/1.8. Optical image stabilisation is on board, combined with PDAF and laser autofocus, as well as a dual-tone LED flash. The Google Pixel XL has a 12.3-megapixel with 1.55µm pixels too. It has a slightly narrower aperture than the U Ultra at f/2.0 and it misses out on OIS, but it does have PDAF and laser autofocus. It's not just about the specs though, the Google Pixel has one of the most highly regarded cameras in current Android phones. Although HTC matches on specs, we're yet to see how it performs. In terms of front camera, the U Ultra features a 16-megapixel sensor with UltraPixel mode, said to help in low light conditions. The Pixel XL on the other hand, has an 8-megapixel front camera with 1.4µm pixels, a f/2.4 aperture and fixed focus. HTC 10 review HTC U Ultra vs Google Pixel XL: Hardware Both SD821 chip with 4GB of RAM U Ultra has microSD, Pixel XL doesn't Larger battery capacity on Pixel XL, but better audio capability on U Ultra Both the HTC U Ultra and the Google Pixel XL run on the Qualcomm Snapdragon 821 processor with 4GB of RAM. Storage options for the U Ultra are 64GB or 128GB, both of which have microSD and support for adoptable storage but the latter is reserved for the special edition model. The Pixel XL doesn't have microSD and comes in 32GB or 128GB options. The Pixel XL does have a larger battery capacity though, with a 3450mAh cell compared to the U Ultra's 3000mAh, but both have support for fast charging. The U Ultra wins back a few points when it comes to audio, offering four microphones for 3D Audio recording, along with BoomSound Hi-Fi, noise cancellation and it is Hi-Res audio certified. The Pixel XL has three microphones, noise suppression and a single bottom-firing speaker. HTC U Ultra vs Google Pixel XL: Software Both Android Nougat with Google Assistant Pixel XL will receive updates faster U Ultra has Sense Companion app The HTC U Ultra runs on Android 7.0 Nougat with HTC Sense over the top, while the Google Pixel XL runs on raw Android 7.1, meaning a more streamlined experience, even if the Sense software has been greatly refined over the years. Both offer access to Google's Assistant, though it is more integrated on the Pixel XL. The Pixel XL will also be first in line for Android software updates. The U Ultra does have its own software advantages though with the new Sense Companion app, which is designed to make your phone be better at working with you by offering suggestions suited to your routines and what you do. Android Nougat review HTC U Ultra vs Google Pixel XL: Price The HTC U Ultra will be available from mid-February but pricing has yet to be announced. The Google Pixel XL starts at £599 for the 32GB model, hitting £699 for the 128GB model. HTC U Ultra vs Google Pixel XL: Conclusion The HTC U Ultra and Google Pixel are closely matched in terms of specs and although very different, both have lovely designs. The U Ultra is larger and heavier, but also slightly slimmer. It has a larger display, along with a secondary display, a higher resolution front camera, OIS on its rear camera and microSD support, as well as better audio capabilities.  The Pixel XL is smaller, retains the headphone jack, offers a sharper display, has a larger battery capacity and offers a pure Android experience. Both devices have the same processor and RAM so they should be similar in terms of actual performance. Ultimately, the decision between these two handsets will come down to budget and preference in design and features.  Sections Google HTC Phones Mobile World Congress 2017: Smartphones, smartphones, smartphones to expect When is Android 7.1.1 Nougat coming to my phone? Best smartphones 2017: The best phones available to buy today Apple iOS 10 tips and tricks: See what your iPhone and iPad can do now Popular In Phones On Pocket-lint Motorola sends out invites to 26 February event, likely for new phone Nokia 8 Android phone: Release date, rumours and specs Has Samsung Display just revealed the Galaxy S8? HTC Ocean: What's the story on HTC's next flagship? These renders give us the best look of the Samsung Galaxy S8 yet Huawei Mate 9 review: The big-screen boss OnePlus 3T review: The best mid-price phone, now with Nougat sweetness Patent leak shows Nokia may want to enter the folding smartphone game LG G6: What's the story so far? When is Android 7.1.1 Nougat coming to my phone? Nintendo Switch: Release date, price, specs and everything you need to know Take a tour with President Obama through the White House in VR 25 real-life robots that will make you think the future is now Is LG about to launch a round Android Wear 2.0 smartwatch? Motorola sends out invites to 26 February event, likely for new phone Super Bomberman R preview: A sparkling retro gem for the Nintendo Switch Nokia 8 Android phone: Release date, rumours and specs All the Nintendo Switch games: Launch titles and every game for 2017 revealed Has Samsung Display just revealed the Galaxy S8? Nintendo Switch preview: Return of the king? Comments search News All news Reviews Hands-on All reviews Features Buyer's guides Vs All features Sections Apps Cameras Cars Drones Fitness Trackers Gadgets Games Headphones Laptops Parenting Phones Smart Home Smartwatches Speakers Tablets TV VR Popular Brands Apple Samsung HTC Microsoft Google Facebook Lego Panasonic LG Amazon Extras & Social Newsletter RSS Twitter Facebook Google+ YouTube Events Pocket-lint Gadget Awards Regulars Comps Copyright Pocket-lint ltd 2003 - 2017 Site map Contact us About us Reviews policy Site policy Advertise on Pocket-lint
Back Comprehensive, authoritative and easy to digest, Econsultancy’s award-winning research offers practical advice on all aspects of digital business, marketing and ecommerce. Subscribe Now Research Best Practice Best Practice Guides Elearning Analyst-led Roundtables Toolkits and Templates Market Data Internet Statistics Compendium Survey Reports Supplier Selection Supplier Directory RFPs Top 100 Digital Agencies Report Trends & Innovation Case Studies Database Digital Shift Trends Reports Browse all Research Research Best Practice Best Practice Guides Elearning Analyst-led Roundtables Toolkits and Templates Market Data Internet Statistics Compendium Survey Reports Supplier Selection Supplier Directory RFPs Top 100 Digital Agencies Report Trends & Innovation Case Studies Database Digital Shift Trends Reports Browse all Research Channels Advertising Content Customer Experience Data & Analytics Ecommerce Email & eCRM Mobile Search Marketing Social Strategy & Operations B2B Innovation & Trends Econsultancy subscriptions are designed to help individuals and teams make the most of digital. Find out more Subscriber Research & Data Featured 10 mind-boggling digital marketing stats from this week 13 Jan 2017 Digital transformation in the Premier League: Southampton FC's fan-first strategy 11 Jan 2017 Cart abandonment emails: Creating content that maximises conversions 10 Jan 2017 More from our Blog Econsultancy Newsletter Our market-leading Daily Pulse newsletter is an invaluable source for digital and ecommerce analysis, inspiration and learning. View a sample Daily Pulse Latest digital marketing and ecommerce insight from multi- award-winning team of analysts and experts. Popular blog tags More from our Blog Blog Future of Digital Marketing London The Digitals Awards Ceremony Festival of Marketing Events Types Conferences Digital Shift Awards Roundtables Webinars Event Types Conferences Digital Shift Awards Roundtables Webinars Find out more Digital Cream Econsultancy's Digital Cream is one of the landmark industry moderated roundtable events for marketers. Sydney, September 2017 Singapore, November 2017 Festival of Marketing London, October 2016 The Masters of Marketing Awards London, October 2016 Featured Events MWLive London, March 2017 Insight Show London, March 2017 View all Events Econsultancy regularly hosts exciting and informative events for multi-disciplines all over the globe. Find out more Events Public Training Courses Custom Training Elearning Digital Skills Index Training Navigator Public Training Courses Regular training courses run globally for individuals across all digital topics including Search, Ecommerce, Email, Analytics and more. Custom Training Your team is not like any other. You're addressing specific challenges and opportunities with a particular skill set. That's where our bespoke, in-company digital training comes in. Elearning Econsultancy's elearning modules offer a comprehensive and convenient introduction to core digital marketing and ecommerce skills when you or your team need to get up to speed quickly. Digital Skills Index Lite Identify your knowledge gaps and compare yourself with your peers. Training Navigator Find the ideal training course for you. Featured Training Fast Track Digital Marketing Intensive: Mastering eCRM Mobile UX (User Experience) & Marketing Programmatic View all Training Courses Up-to-date and relevant training from our passionate researchers, analysts, consultants and practitioners. Find out more Training Econsultancy's Digital Transformation programme helps companies identify the gaps between where they are and where they need to be, then closes them. Find out more Digital Skills Assessment Identify your team’s knowledge gaps and get benchmarked against others in your industry. Digital Maturity Audit Uncover areas of weaknesses in your digital capabilities with a clear scoring framework to address these factors. Econsultancy's Digital Transformation helps the world's biggest brands accelerate their journey to digital excellence. Find out more Transformation Jobs Find a Supplier Search our directory containing profiles of organisations, including agencies, consultancies, technology vendors, freelancers and contractors, who provide digital marketing or ecommerce services, solutions or technology. Add your Supplier Profile To get found and noticed you’ll need a Full Profile. Get a Full Profile today and you could benefit from up to 400 leads per year. Supplier Selection Our Research Buyer's Guides, RFPs and Agency Top 100 to help you find a supplier. Advice If you're transforming your organisation's digital capabilities, skills and resources, talk to us. Econsultancy's Supplier Directory contains over 2,000 suppliers and is growing all the time. Find Out More Supplier Directory Blog Email Marketing Twitter Facebook Events Conferences Awards Roundtables Digital Shift Webinars Briefings Social Events Training Public Training Courses Custom Training Elearning Digital Skills Index More Transformation Supplier Directory Press Releases About Econsultancy Contact Us More Log In Email Password Remember me I've forgotten my password or need to reset it Not registered with us? Register for free In: Back {{ filter.name }} ({{ filter.count | formatThousends }}) Filter by: Back {{ searchResult.type }} {{ searchResult.published_at | date:'d MMMM yyyy' }} Show more Loading ... {{ item.title }} {{ item.short_summary }} {{ em.name }}{{ $last ? '' : ',' }} Show more Loading ... Enter a search term such as “mobile analytics” or browse our content using the filters above. That’s not only a poor Scrabble score but we also couldn’t find any results matching “”. Check your spelling or try broadening your search. Sorry about this, there is a problem with our search at the moment. Please try again later. You are here: Blog Share 12 January, 2017 Seven ways Google helps you unlock the secrets to creating killer content By Marcus Tober 0 comments For content ideas and inspiration, most content creators depend on a number of techniques. They might develop buyer personas, talk with the sales team (to get first-hand insights about customer challenges), conduct customer research (which can get expensive) and regularly brainstorm new topics. Plus they rely on a very highly developed ‘gut feel’ that tells them when a topic or idea will work.  But Google has spent close to 20 years learning how to serve up the best, most relevant content in its search results – now averaging over 3.5bn search queries a day. If content marketers could tap into some of that vast knowledge, wouldn’t that provide some important clues on how to create killer content?  Below I’ve listed six areas in which insights from Google can help you develop better, more relevant content that chimes with your target audience.  If you’re a content marketer or content creator, you can get a sense of some of these insights by simply running searches on topics that you’re interested in - and studying what Google throws up in its results.  However your SEO or search marketing teams are very likely using specialist tools to track and manage their programmes that can provide more detailed data and insights: 1. What sub-topics should your content include? Correlation studies suggest content that ranks highly on Google tends to be holistic and comprehensive and generally has a bigger word count - because it covers topics in greater depth. These studies also indicate that the main topic is usually paired with certain other topics. For the overall topic that’s being covered there are usually a number of mentions of some important ‘proof terms’ (which are very closely connected to the main topic) and ‘relevant terms’ (slightly more distant but still relevant).  If, for example, you were to analyse the top articles on the topic “Mexico Holidays”, you might see that proof terms such as “Mexico hotels” or “Mexico flights” are common, as well as relevant terms such as “Riviera Maya” or “Cancun sights”.  So analysing Google searches can tell you that if you are going to write about A, you should also cover B and C, because those are the things your audience will be interested in.  2. Who is your real competition when it comes to content?  The people and businesses you are competing with when it comes to content marketing, may not be those you compete with directly for sales. When you’re writing about specific topics, Google searches can highlight competitors with similar content that can give you inspiration.  For example a UK search for “buying a car” surfaces results (on the first two pages) from the AA breakdown service (providing useful advice on the pitfalls to avoid and a wide range of buying tips), a Gov.co.uk web page (with advice and links to help you avoid buying a stolen vehicle), a couple of banks (including articles that discuss car loans, financing, saving for a car and running costs) as well as pages from the Citizens Advice Bureau, the consumer section of the BBC website, money saving advice sites and several car buying magazine sites which include listings of new and used cars for sale.    Studying high ranking competitive content – even if it’s not from your direct competitors - can provide ideas and also help you spot gaps about areas that are not being covered adequately or can be developed further. Some search tools analyse the content on your website and give you a list of your top content competitors on Google – giving you a sense of who’s writing content similar to yours.   3. How should content be presented on your site? Google tracks user signals, such as bounce rates and time on site and uses this data to evaluate the relevance of your content to the search query. These metrics also allow the search engine to get a measure of the user experience of individual pages and websites.  An important aspect of this is how information is presented - which means reviewing high ranking content that covers similar topics to you can provide important clues in areas such as the number and quality of images on a page, the presence of video, the readability of text and the use of bullet points, numbers, charts and tables to organise information.   4. When should you launch fresh content and promote it? The volume of searches and questions people ask Google and when they do it, can help you plan when to create fresh content pieces and when you should put effort and promotional budget into distributing it (i.e. what time of year, month). Google provides free tools such as the AdWords keyword planner and Google Trends which can provide some guidance in this area. However your SEO and search marketing teams may be using other, more sophisticated search tools that provide in-depth analysis of how search volumes on specific topics vary over time.   5. What format or media should you choose for your content in the search results?   The most appropriate content on a specific topic – or for a specific intention - isn’t always text on a standard web page. Over the years Google has embraced this and is now integrating more and more box-outs (such as video, apps, shopping, direct answers, knowledge graphs etc.) within its organic search results.  Analysing these universal and extended search integrations can give you insights about the different media and formats your content strategy should incorporate to address your target's individual requirements.  So a UK Google search on “tying a bow tie” throws up a Direct Answer box at the top of the page with numbered instructions. Underneath this are some video integrations followed by a variety of instructional diagrams that appear in image box-outs. Obviously you can get an idea of the integrations/box-outs Google selects by simply performing keyword searches related to the topics you want to cover. If you can manage to get your content appearing in these, then you can potentially boost your traffic. And there are search tools available to help you track the appearance of Google’s universal and extended search integrations for your site to see how your content is performing. 6. How effectively does your content meet the needs of your audience We’ve already said that Google’s experience of successfully serving up relevant content day in day out, means it has a wealth of experience.  So one way of assessing if you’re online content is working, is to track and measure how it performs in search. After all, if Google positions your content highly in searches – then it’s likely doing a good job of answering searchers’ questions. You could even put a monetary value on the ‘power’ of each piece of content by getting your SEO or search marketing team to help you estimate how much you’d have to pay in AdWords advertising to generate the same level of search visibility. 7. When should you repurpose, consolidate or even delete content? If your content is simply not performing in Google searches (i.e. not ranking well, not getting much traffic with visitors bouncing away quickly when they land on the page), and your SEO team has told you that all the technical and user experience aspects of your page/site (site speed, file size, page structure etc) are fine, it could mean your content is just not right. You may need to rework it completely or consolidate several content pieces into one (maybe it doesn’t cover all the aspects of the topic that people want to learn about) or even delete it.  At least: do something. Because if Google doesn’t think it should perform well in searches, maybe it won’t chime with people either. Content marketing and SEO have been coming closer together for many years, and in 2017 we’ll see them getting closer still.  Because much of the data and insights that SEOs have been using to optimise web pages for Google can support the creation of better, more compelling content. For more on this topic, check out these Econsultancy resources: The Future of Content Marketing Implementing Content Strategy: Digital Best Practice Guide Content Marketing training courses SEO training courses Published 12 January, 2017 by Marcus Tober Marcus Tober is CTO at Searchmetrics GmbH and a contributor to Econsultancy.  15 more posts from this author 0 comments Content, Search Marketing Comments (0) Comment 
 Log in or sign up to post this comment Send me notifications of follow up comments Save or Cancel Insight delivered daily to your inbox Our market-leading Daily Pulse newsletter is an invaluable source for digital and ecommerce analysis, inspiration and learning. Advertise here » Posts trending now Cart abandonment emails: Creating content that maximises conversions 5 days ago Five things to include in your digital transformation playbook 5 days ago Five issues which keep ecommerce managers up at night 3 days ago Enjoying this article? Get more just like this, delivered to your inbox. Keep up to date with the latest analysis, inspiration and learning from the Econsultancy blog with our free Daily Pulse newsletter. Each weekday, you ll receive a hand-picked digest of the latest and greatest articles, as well as snippets of new market data, best practice guides and trends research. Most Popular Research Template Files for Digital Marketing and Web Projects Internet Statistics Compendium Checkout Optimization Guide: 70 Ways to Increase Conversion Rates Popular Report Topics Organic/Natural Search (SEO) Social Ecommerce User Experience and Usability Popular Training Topics User Experience and Usability Social Ecommerce Email Marketing Affiliate Marketing Popular Event Topics Organic/Natural Search (SEO) Social Multichannel Marketing User Experience and Usability Ecommerce More Blog Events Training Supplier Directory About Us Our Team Marketing Solutions Clients Contact Privacy & Cookies Policy Website Terms and Conditions Site Map Copyright © 2017 Econsultancy.com Limited. All rights reserved. This material is for personal use only. Use of this website constitutes acceptance of the Website Terms and Conditions and Privacy & Cookies Policy. Part of
gulfnews.com no longer supports Internet Explorer 8 or earlier. Please upgrade your browser.LEARN MORE ? Enter your keyword sign inorRegister now Mobile Site GN Network Aquarius The monthly women's lifestyle magazine offering real solutions for real women. Friday The most read magazine in the UAE. Lively, intelligent and thought-provoking. GN Focus Focused reports on events, business and lifestyle. In depth, insightful, influential. Inside Out An inspiring home interiors magazine showcasing the best interior design. tabloid! The No. 1 source for entertainment, lifestyle & fashion in the UAE. Weekend Review In-depth look at issues behind the news, with sections on people, books and art. Wheels A weekly motoring magazine packed with the latest local and global motoring news, reviews and views. GNTECH Gadget soup for the techy soul. News and reviews with our own irreverent spin Baby & Child From pregnancy to playdates in the UAE Gulf News Store Buy latest products from our online store Classifieds GNCars The UAE's first stop shop for buying and selling cars. GNCareers Give your career a boost. Find the best and latest jobs. GNClassifieds The site for buying and selling almost anything. GNproperty Region's leading property site for buying and renting. Apps App for iPhone The official Gulf News app tailored for iOs phones App for Android Mobile The official Gulf News app tailored for Android phones App for iPad Gulf News made highly readable for Apple's iPad Gulf News mobile Fast, lightweight, perfect for mobile browsing SMS alerts The fastest way to find out about breaking stories Cricket App Live cricket action direct to your phone Good Living App Hundreds of offers direct to your phone Subscribe Gulf News Subscribe Now Aquarius Subscribe Now Xpress Subscribe Now Inside Out Subscribe Now Wheels Subscribe Now Baby & Child Subscribe Now Quick Links E-Paper Digital version of today’s newspaper, exactly as it is in print. Mobile Version The fast and light-weight mobile version of GulfNews.com. Advertising Guide Get your brand seen in the region's most read newspaper. SMS News Alerts The fastest way to hear about major breaking stories. Goodliving 100s of offers, half price deals, 2 for 1s - and more. Contact Us Have something you want to tell us, a question, or complaint? Gulf News Store Buy latest products from our online store SHARES TECHNOLOGY January 16, 2017 | Last updated less than one minute ago ---- 24KGold-- oil--   Hot Topics: Year in pictures DSF Gold Rate Weather Horoscope The GN Store UAE holidays 2017 UAE News Business Data Equities Commodities Currencies top stories in Data When gold will drop to its lowest this year Dollar and oil price gain will boost Gulf Oil prices rise on tighter supply outlook Gold Rate Sectors17 Markets10 Automotives1 Banking8 Construction Employment Features General Investment Media Careers Energy56 Retail1 Shipping1 Technology Telecoms Tourism top stories in Sectors WFES attendees grew three times since 2008 Qatar National Bank Q4 net profit up 8.3% Abu Dhabi Ports, Khalidia sign Dh80m deal Aviation1 Live Flights top stories in Aviation Indian airlines soar but infrastructure lacks US won’t push antitrust case against airlines Boeing scores a $22b win with SpiceJet deal Economy8 Property3 GN Property top stories in Property RAK developer offers competitive pay plans Ask the expert Dh5b Deira Islands cluster open for tenders Money Visas Analysis2 Sport Opinion Leisure Life&Style Culture Guides Multimedia Your Say In Focus Alphabet winds down Titan drone internet project Project Loon, another X project to beam internet from high-altitude balloons, is still going Published: 13:32 January 12, 2017 Bloomberg   SMALL MEDIUM LARGE San Francisco: In 2014, Google and Facebook vied to acquire Titan Aerospace, a maker of high-altitude, solar-powered drones. Google won the bidding, so Facebook purchased its own company, which was building a huge glider called Aquila. The idea was to beam internet access from the sky to get more people logging on from remote places to access information and probably use both companies’ web services. That soaring vision has come down to earth with a bump. On Wednesday, a spokeswoman from Google parent Alphabet Inc’s X research lab said it had shut down Titan. This happened in early 2016, she said, although confirmation didn’t come until earlier today, when technology blog 9to5Google reported the move. The team from Titan was brought into X in late 2015, and the research lab ended its exploration of high-altitude drones for internet access shortly after, the X spokeswoman said in a statement. Facebook has also struggled. Its Aquila drone crashed during a test flight in June, sparking an investigation by the National Transportation Safety Board. That was the latest hiccup in Facebook’s plans to wirelessly connect the world, following an explosion earlier in 2016 that destroyed one of its satellites and political resistance to its free services in India. Alphabet cancelled Titan because of economic and technical challenges. Project Loon, another X project to beam internet from high-altitude balloons, is still going. So is Project Wing, an effort to use drones for deliveries, rather than internet service. “By comparison, at this stage the economics and technical feasibility of Project Loon present a much more promising way to connect rural and remote parts of the world,” the X spokeswoman said on Wednesday. “Many people from the Titan team are now using their expertise as part of other high flying projects at X, including Loon and Project Wing.” Project Wing is facing its own challenges. In the fall of 2016, several Wing employees were asked to find other projects at Alphabet after X pulled back on some of its drone delivery plans. More from Technology Phone hacking company falls victim to hackers WhatsApp vulnerable to snooping Nintendo Switch off to wobbly start Nintendo Switch to launch March 3 for $299 Antitrust lawsuit against Apple revived Adoption of mobile apps in Gulf gains traction Facebook’s virtual reality foray derided Will Alexa become the OS for virtual assistant? tags from this storyIndia follow this tag on MGNFacebook follow this tag on MGNGoogle follow this tag on MGN filed underGulfNewsBusinessSectorsTechnology tagsIndia follow this tag on MGN+ MGNFacebook follow this tag on MGN+ MGNGoogle follow this tag on MGN+ MGNmicrosoft FOLLOW US Most Popular ViewedCommentedVideosPictures 01WhatsApp vulnerable to snooping 02Individuals can access VPNs in UAE 03Phone hacking company falls victim to hackers Play Emirates opens SkyPharma in Dubai Sep 18, 2016 Play Britain is open for business Sep 20, 2016 Play Emirati who created 2 successful companies Jan 02, 2016 Play Tour of the DWTC kitchens May 18, 2015 8Images World Future Energy Summit in Abu Dhabi Jan 18, 2010 8Images Where to live in Downtown Dubai Mar 15, 2011 11Images Etihad Airways offers residence in the sky May 04, 2014 10Images Apple unveils Nike+ smartwatch Oct 29, 2016 Currency Converter first-currency currencyAEDDinarRupee= first-currency currencyINRDinarRupee Most Popular on Gulf News Speeding driver crashes into parked car, dies Revealed: World's most powerful passports 9 ways your own home could kill you Mum reunited with abused baby in Saudi Arabia Dubai retail developers prepare for mega year Businessman donates Dh370m to charity Mohammad Bin Zayed visits UAE ambassador Revealed: Top 25 universities in the world Female Indonesian workers come to UAE Close Recommended For You Kohli, Jadhav centuries help India beat EnglandPUBLISHED ON Jan 15, 2017 Kohli, Jadhav script India’s epic run chasePUBLISHED ON Jan 15, 2017 9 ways your own home could kill youPUBLISHED ON Jan 11, 2017 Feedback Get The Paper Our Apps Mobile friendly version Our location Advanced Search Sitemap MY GULF NEWS GulfNews.com is the most widely read newspaper, and online site in English in the Middle East. With a daily BPA audited paid circulation of over 108,000, and an online audience of 3.5 million uniques every month, it is your go to source for information on the region. Sign up below to begin personalising your experienceRegister now News Business Sport Leisure Guides Opinion Multimedia In Focus Life&Style Culture Your Say Enter your keyword follow usRssFollow us on FacebookFollow us on TwitterFollow us on google plus Sign up for newsletterSign Up PreviousNext © Al Nisr Publishing LLC 2016. All rights reserved GN Media How to follow Gulf News History of GulfNews Key Dates Community Advertise Print Direct Marketing About Gulf News Journalism ethics Ethics Policy Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Readers' Policy FAQs Open Calais Careers at Gulf News How to find Gulf News Contact Us Print Subscriptions MGN New GulfNews.com: A considerable step forward in terms of user experience
make-use-of-logo logo-background menu search search-start close email bookmark facebook google twitter pinterest stumbleupon whatsapp amazon youtube youtube label-rectangle triangle-long down mobile-icon PC & Mobile Windows Mac Linux Android iPhone and iPad Internet Security Technology News Lifestyle Entertainment Productivity Creative Gaming Browsers Social Media Finance Self Improvement Hardware Technology Explained Buying Guides Smart Home DIY Product Reviews Deals Giveaways Top Lists About About MakeUseOf Newsletter Advertise Privacy Jobs Chats Search for: Search Popular Topics The Internet Windows iPhone and iPad Android Mac Gaming MakeUseOf The Newest Linux Operating Systems and Who Should Try Them Linux The Newest Linux Operating Systems and Who Should Try Them Moe Long These Secret Google Pixel Features Will Convince You to Buy It Android These Secret Google Pixel Features Will Convince You to Buy It Kannon Yamada Top Deals Search Open Menu Close Menu PC & Mobile Windows Mac Linux Android iPhone and iPad Internet Security Technology News Lifestyle Entertainment Productivity Creative Gaming Browsers Social Media Finance Self Improvement Hardware Technology Explained Buying Guides Smart Home DIY Product Reviews Deals Giveaways Top Lists About About MakeUseOf Newsletter Advertise Privacy Jobs Chats Facebook Facebook Facebook Facebook Search for: Google Lets You Print to Any Printer No Matter Where You Are Internet Productivity Google Lets You Print to Any Printer No Matter Where You Are Joel Lee January 12, 2017 12-01-2017 1 minute Google Lets You Print to Any Printer No Matter Where You Are Facebook Twitter Pinterest MobileAppPage Stumbleupon Whatsapp Email If your printer has ever given you nightmares, I wouldn’t blame you. Few other devices can prove so problematic as a printer, with network connectivity (or lack thereof) being one of the most frustrating issues you can come across. And that’s why you need to know about Google Cloud Print. This service by Google makes it possible for you to print to ANY printer from anywhere — even when you’re halfway across the globe — as long as you have an internet connection and the printer is set up beforehand. These days, there are two types of printers: cloud ready printers, which are internet-enabled and can connect directly to Google, and classic printers, which aren’t internet-enabled and must use an internet-enabled device as their means of connecting to Google. For classic printers, you’ll need to use Google Chrome for setup: Connect the printer to your computer. Launch Google Chrome. Type chrome://devices in the URL address bar. Click Add Printers. Select your printer and add it. In order to print to this printer, your computer must remain on and yoyur Chrome browser must remain open. For cloud ready printers, you’ll need to consult the printer’s user manual for setup instructions. It should be rather straightforward though and shouldn’t take more than a few minutes. To print, go to Google Cloud Print and click on Print. Select the document you want to print. This will send the file over to Google, which is then forwarded to the cloud-connected printer for printing. It’s as simple as that. Having other issues with your printer? Check out our troubleshooting guides on setting up a printer in Windows 10 How to Set Up Your Printer in Windows 10 How to Set Up Your Printer in Windows 10 Printers have a reputation for being difficult to set up. In Windows 10, however, it's actually a breeze. We'll show you how you can get Windows 10 to detect and connect to your printer. Read More and setting up a printer in Linux Printing on Linux: Choosing The Right Printer and Getting It To Work Printing on Linux: Choosing The Right Printer and Getting It To Work One of the few pieces of hardware that may cause the most trouble on a Linux system is a printer. If it's supported, it'll take a few steps to get it to work. Read More . Have you used Google Cloud Print before? How was your experience? If not, is this something you’ll be using from here on out? Share your thoughts with us in the comments below! Image Credit: PC Studio via Shutterstock Previous PostSee How Many Calories Your Body Burns Naturally Every DayNext Post6 Online Music Streaming Services With NO Restrictions 3 comments Write a Comment Mark January 13, 2017 at 7:40 am Does anyone really want to hand over his documents to NSA? Reply ReadandShare January 12, 2017 at 10:37 pm What about printing out boarding passes from phone or tablet at hotels (meaning hostels and one-star mom/pop hotels)? Is there a better way than emailing the passes to the hotel and asking them to print out? Reply likefunbutnot January 12, 2017 at 6:43 pm Cloud Print requires either direct support from a network printer or that there's an awake, local PC on site with a signed-in Chrome session running. The former is less likely for big-boy Office-type printers (and the same printer can't be associated with multiple Google accounts) and the latter is inconvenient in a lot of ways. It's perfectly acceptable for "print at home while you're out and about", but if what you'd like to do is print on a printer in your office, you're probably better off finding some other way to do it. Reply Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Joel Lee 1439 articles Joel Lee is a writer from Philadelphia and the Tech Explained editor. In his free time he dabbles in fiction, photography, and game development. Advertisement Latest Giveaways Noontec Zoro II Wireless Headphones Review and Giveaway Noontec Zoro II Wireless Headphones Review and Giveaway Garmin Vivomove Sport Review and Giveaway Garmin Vivomove Sport Review and Giveaway UHANS H5000 Review and Giveaway UHANS H5000 Review and Giveaway Advertisement Advertisement Affiliate Disclosure: By buying the products we recommend, you help keep the lights on at MakeUseOf. Read more. Subscribe to Our Newsletter Email: Scroll down for the next article © 2017 MakeUseOf. All Rights Reserved.
Share toggle menu Deals Jobs Follow Us Android App Review Service Shop Deals Join Our Team Advertise About Staff Privacy Policy Contact Android News Android News Android Device List Page Android Manufacturer News Android Smartwatch News Android Auto News Android TV News VR News Google ChromeBook News Google Glass News Google ChromeCast News Android News Canada Android India News Android Chinese News Android Phone News Android Phone News Android Phone Reviews Android Phone Comparisons Best Android Phones Rankings Android Phone Accessory Reviews Android Tablet News Android Tablet News Best Android Tablets Rankings Android Tablet Comparisons Android Tablet Reviews Android App News Android App News Android App & Game Reviews Android Games Top 10 Best Android Apps & Games Lists Android Developer News Tech News Special Features Special Features Android Smartphone and Tablet Deals Google IO News Android Gift Guide MWC Android News CES 2017 Android and Tech News Android How To Guides Android Awards Android Newsletter Site Authors Join Our Team Advertise Android App Review Service News Tips Contact Social Media Followers 1.5M 416K 366K 53K 15K 20K 65K 46K Recent News Top 10: Android News Stories – January 15th, 2017 FCC Chairman Makes Final Plea for Net Neutrality Samsung Galaxy J7 (2017) Benchmarked Older Adults Now Have A Digital Assistant System With Elli-Q Recent Reviews Review: ZTE Axon 7 Mini Android Smartphone Review: UHANS A101 Review: OUKITEL K7000 Review: ASUS ZenFone 3 Laser Android Deals Deal: Pick up the Samsung Gear 360 for just $273 – 1/13/17 Today’s Tech Deals – Jan. 13th, 2017: Watch Dogs 2, Huawei Mate 9 & More! Deal: Huawei Honor 8, 32GB for $399 – 1/13/17 Deal: The Complete Web Programming Bundle for $41 – 1/13/17 Special Features Weekly Poll: What Was Your Favorite Tech From CES 2017? VR Offerings AT CES Paint A Picture Of A Bland 2017 For Hardware Top 10: Best Android Smartwatches Buyer’s Guide – January 2017 Top 10: Best Android Smartphones Buyer’s Guide – January 2017 Motorola Moto X Pure Edition December Patch Released January 12, 2017 - Written By David Steele Lenovo-owned Motorola have released a software update to the Moto X Pure Edition that includes Google’s security fixes up to December 2016. Motorola’s global support pages were updated towards the end of December to reflect the software patch, which has been rolling to customers of the unlocked device all over the world. The release notes simply state that the only change is to include Google’s December security patch; Motorola have not taken this opportunity to update any features of the device or make any other improvements or fixes. In this respect, this security patch update appears to be very much like the one received by a number of Nexus devices back in December. Shortly after the announcement of one of 2016’s more innovative smartphones, the Motorola Moto Z, Motorola explained that they would not be applying regular monthly security patches to this device. Instead, the company were non-committal when it came to Google’s security patches but said that they would be bundling these security patches together and implied that they would be including other fixes with these updates. With the Moto X Pure Edition and the December 2016 update, this does not appear to have happened but there is some comfort that Motorola released the December 2016 security patch update during the month of December 2016 – and this update includes all previous patches that had not yet been applied. The Moto X Pure Edition is not a new device by any means, being released in the second half of 2015. For the much newer Moto Z, we have also seen Motorola working on the update to Android 7.0 Nougat, which also includes Google Daydream certification. This has involved Motorola working with Google in order to optimize the experience. One of Google’s ambitions for the Android space is to help manufacturers and customers realize the importance of regular software updates to improve the security, functionality and performance of the device. However, software support from manufacturers ranges from an indifference to supporting products once they are released to providing regular updates in line with Google, with BlackBerry as a shining example of this. The news from Motorola is more encouraging than we have seen during most of 2016 and, hopefully, the company is starting to appreciate the importance of keeping devices up to date. Post navigation [UPDATED] Mid-Range HTC U Play Announced With 4GB Of RAM, Helio P10 HTC U Ultra Specifications January 12, 2017 | Android News , Android Phone News Source: Motorola Support Via: Droid Life Show Comments Hide Comments () Latest News The ZTE ZMAX Pro Is Getting Nougat Though The Beta Program Google Says The Pixel Audio Issue Is Hardware-Related LG Promises New LG G6 Flagship Safe From Overheating This Google Pixel Concept Is Quite The Attention Grabber Top 10: Android News Stories – January 15th, 2017 Sponsored: Buy The Huawei Mate 9 From Jet.com For $599.99 Sony Publish Xperia Z3+, Z4 Tablet, Z5 Firmware To PTCRB Apple v. Samsung Case is Reopened, Returning to Court of Appeals Samsung Investigates Overheating Senate Staffers Phone Mac Android File Transfer Problems With Google Pixel FCC Chairman Makes Final Plea for Net Neutrality Huawei Mate 9 Giveaway With Jet.com & Android Headlines – USA Only! Google Simplifying Hangouts Group Chat Creation LeEco Gets a $2.2B Investment from Sunac China Holdings Discovered Vulnerability In WhatsApp Is By Design Analysts Believe AT&T/Time Warner Deal Will Still Be Approved Samsung Galaxy J7 (2017) Benchmarked Sponsored: Huawei Nova Plus Giveaway from Huawei and AH Chrooma Keyboard Launches Out Of Beta With v4.0 Older Adults Now Have A Digital Assistant System With Elli-Q Phone Comparisons: Moto Z Force vs Honor 6X Load More Posts Follow Share
M³ BIoT CLL Events Whitepapers The Next Platform Data Center Software Security Transformation DevOps Business Personal Tech Science Emergent Tech Bootnotes Alerts Newsletters Columnists Video Apple vs. Samsung goes back to court, again, to re-assess the value of a rounded corner Home Einsteins help turn up 13 new pulsars Flight 666 went to HEL on Friday the 13th Putting the 'Port' in Portal: Old-school fan brings game to Apple II Servers HPC Cloud Storage Networks Virtualization BOFH Do containers stack up as data storage building blocks? Quantum: Well, would you look at that. We've made some money! A deduping backup target startup going public – who'd a thought it? Brexit contributes to backup appliance sales fall Aaarrgh, zombie! Dead Apple iOS monopoly lawsuit is reanimated Hadoop hurler Hortonworks votes Tibco veteran for president Opera scolds stale browsers with shocking Neon experiment D-Wave goes public with open-source quantum-classical hybrid software Promising compsci student sold key-logger, infects 16,000 machines, pleads guilty, faces jail US Marines seek more than a few good men (3,000 men and women, actually) for cyber-war Playpen child sex abuse archive admin gets 20 years in the Big House UK's largest hospital trust battles Friday 13th malware outbreak Tech committee slams UK.gov for dithering over digital strategy Outage-hit Lloyds Bank in talks to outsource data centres to IBM IT spending to soar a whopping 2.7 per cent, says ball-rubber Gartner IT ops doesn't matter. Really? Continuous Lifecycle London: First speakers announced Trello, hello, hello: Todo list biz gobbled by Atlassian for $425m Splunk: Why we dumped Perforce for Atlassian's Bitbucket of Gits CloudByte chews on Elastistor, sinks teeth into OpenEBS Policy The Channel Apple vs. Samsung goes back to court, again, to re-assess the value of a rounded corner Canada fines Amazon seven hours of profit for false advertising FCC's Wheeler gives passionate defense of net neutrality rules Strike day struck off as Fujitsu and Unite negotiate job cuts Putting the 'Port' in Portal: Old-school fan brings game to Apple II Nintendo pulls the Switch, fires Joy-con at Microsoft and Sony Smart fingerprint padlock startup to $320k backers: Sorry for the radio silence Embrace the world of pr0nified IT with wide open, er, arms SPB Geek's Guide Home Einsteins help turn up 13 new pulsars Boffins turn timid mice into psycho killers – by firing lasers into brains You know what, maybe Tabby's star ate a planet, ponder space eggheads MIT brainiacs wrangle 2D graphene into super-strong 3D art homework Artificial Intelligence Internet of Things AI shoves all in: DeepStack, Libratus poker bots battle Texas Hold 'em pros heads up Microsoft swallows up AI language biz Maluuba Uber, Apple, Amazon and Sully Sullenberger walk into a bar – er, self-driving car committee Drone biz Lily Robotics takes $34m in pre-orders, ships nothing, shuts down, gets sued by San Francisco DA Verity Stob Flight 666 went to HEL on Friday the 13th Mr Angry pays taxman with five wheelbarrows worth of loose change Now that's a Blue Screen of Death: Windows 10 told me to jump off a cliff Clone wars: Wrestler sues Microsoft over Gears of War character More like this Nvidia Intel Qualcomm Emergent Tech Internet of Things Qualcomm/NXP, Nvidia and Intel: The race to define the car platform 5G is such a drag 12 Jan 2017 at 11:02, Wireless Watch CES 2017 So the stakes are high, and many companies are already playing hard. There were important announcements from two of the most established chip suppliers in the auto sector, NXP and Nvidia – the former particularly closely watched because it will soon be part of Qualcomm. Its launches reminded the industry how strategic an acquisition it will be, bringing significant depth and breadth to its new parent’s auto offering, surrounding the core Snapdragon modem/processor with many other car-related chips, and adding valuable connections with the car industry and its channels. NXP adds to Qualcomm’s dowry The main CES launch by NXP was a software defined radio (SDR) solution for IVI systems called the SAF4000. This claims to be the world’s first one-chip system covering all global audio broadcast standards, including AM/FM, DAB+, DRM(+) and HD. The primary benefit is to slash hardware costs, as car radio systems generally require bulky circuit boards and six separate integrated circuits – whereas the SAF4000 is the size of just a fingertip. Other companies provide a single RF front end to all these standards, but this is the first to deliver an entire system-on-chip (SoC), rather than offloading some of the processing to a device CPU. This is part of NXP’s wider push to simplify the connected car device ecosystem by replacing multichip systems with compact RFCMOS chips, which will drive down costs and encourage mass uptake. That will complement Qualcomm’s existing presence in some Android Auto IVI systems, as well as its constant drive towards greater integration. “The step from multichip discrete to a one-chip RFCMOS solution is a true quantum leap for the industry,” said Torsten Lehmann, general manager Car Infotainment and Driver Assistance at NXP. “One-chip means a significantly smaller hardware footprint, easier development and simple worldwide integration with the ability to receive multiple different digital, as well as analog, radio standards and to switch between them via software. Centralized infotainment head units, distributed radio/audio systems, as well as smart antenna solutions are perfectly supported by this new one-chip family.” Qualcomm’s $47bn acquisition of NXP Semiconductors, once it closes, will push the US firm into lead place in the auto chip market and third place in the overall global semiconductor industry. NXP says its radio designs are in 19 of the top 20 Tier 1 automotive offerings, adding up to over 500m car radio deployments in the past 10 years. It also claims that its i.MX multimedia app processors have been deployed in over 65m vehicles. Qualcomm launches Drive Data Qualcomm itself, which unveiled an automotive variant of its Snapdragon SoC (the 820A) at CES 2016, followed up this year with new X16 LTE modems for next-gen auto applications; a customer win in Volkswagen IVI systems for the updated Snapdragon 820Am; and a partnership with Panasonic to develop a next-gen Android-based IVI system for vehicles, using the Snapdragon 820Am running Android 7.0. The Panasonic concept was on display at CES. More important to the US chip giant was the launch of the Drive Data Platform, which is Qualcomm’s brand for its sensor-fusion platform for collating and acting on all the sensor inputs that are generated by a vehicle, ranging from cameras to radar and lidar. The Drive Data Platform is based on the Snapdragon 820Am, and will make extensive use of the Snapdragon Neural Processing Engine (SNPE), to use machine learning and AI techniques to enhance its data processing abilities – allowing the car to identify what it sees via those sensors. More details are due to be announced after CES, but this sounds like the first step down a very significant road for Qualcomm. Drive Data highlights the fact that chip giants need to provide full platforms, not just silicon, in order to dominate the IoT. With Nvidia well ahead of the game in supporting intelligent and driverless cars via an AI-driven big data system, Drive Data states Qualcomm’s intention of going up against that rival, as well as Intel, in the intelligent car data platform game – not to mention other contenders from outside the chip industry, such as Google, Tesla, Baidu and Uber. Audi divides its favours Nvidia itself is already a powerhouse in the connected car, and is particularly looking to harness its GPU-based computational/AI platform to power the driverless vehicle. At CES, is touted new partnerships with Here, Audi, ZF and Zenrin as stepping stones to auto dominance. Audi was spreading its favors between Qualcomm and Nvidia. With the latter, it announced a collaboration to put the world’s most advanced AI-driven car on the road by 2020 – a claim that has probably irked Google’s newly minted Waymo division (see inset). Before 2020, Audi will be using Nvidia’s Drive PX 2 platform and DriveWorks software. The partners had an Audi Q7 SUV at CES, running demos of in which passengers were driven around while sitting in the backseats, with no driver. Nvidia’s PilotNet deep neural networks are the basis for the car’s ability to see and understand the driving environment, providing machine vision, object recognition and allowing the Q7 to adapt to the demo’s changing road surfaces and lane markings, with a simulated construction zone detour. Car makers extend their wireless partnerships Fiat-Chrysler (FCA) and Alphabet’s new Waymo division announced a partnership to work on an Android-based reboot of FCA’s Uconnect operating system – possibly the first iteration of a complete version of Android for vehicles. FCA also showed off its new concept autonomous vehicle, Portal, at CES. It has worked with the Panasonic Automotive Advanced Engineering team to create a user experience with facial recognition and voice biometric software, to identify who is in the vehicle at any one point to customize the environment for them with music, lighting, vehicle temperature, heated or cooled seats and so on. The experience is powered by Panasonic’s Cognitive Infotainment (PCI) platform, which will be trying to eat into an AI-driven market currently led by Google and IBM. Ford is integrating its Sync IVI system with Samsung Gear S2 and S3, so that wearable owners can be given notifications, such as parking alerts, by their car. Ford has also implemented high speed in-car WI-Fi hotspots into its 2017 models, powered by AT&T’s LTE service. The Sync Connect system can allow up to 10 connected devices in any one car. Mercedes will integrate Google Assistant into its 2017 models and expects to see customers communicate with their cars through Google Home, in a similar way to Ford’s Amazon Alexa-based system (see separate item). Nvidia and Audi first graced CES together some seven years ago, in a partnership that gave birth to the latter’s MMI navigation system and virtual cockpit, powered by Nvidia’s GPUs. The latest announcement sees Audi promise to roll out its new A8 sedan, which it claims will be the world’s first Level Three automated vehicle. This will allow drivers to turn their attention away from the road and allow the system to control the car and monitor the environment, with the expectation that the human driver will respond only to a request to intervene. Audi’s zFAS system is the heart of its autonomous vehicles, and is built around Nvidia silicon (though there is speculation that the ties may be loosening because of Intel’s MobilEye deal—see below). For the new A8 car, the zFAS platform will be using Nvidia’s Tegra SoC and software, but it’s noteworthy that the Q7 that is being demonstrated is using the entire Drive PX 2 system, and not just a chip and code. Other Nvidia moves at CES Also on the self-driving front, Nvidia said that ZF, a major provider of equipment to the commercial vehicle and trucking industry, is the first top tier auto supplier to make a self-driving computer based on the Drive PX 2 commercially available. Called the ZF ProAI, the unit uses the Drive PX 2’s AutoCruise configuration, which should allow companies to build self-driving vehicles, ranging from trucks to warehouse forklifts. The unit processes inputs from multiple sensors, including cameras, lidar, radar, and ultrasonic sensors, which help the vehicles locate themselves locally on a map of the wider world. And speaking of world maps, Nvidia also announced a deal with mapping firm Here, once part of Nokia and now owned by a consortium of German auto makers, to expand the capabilities of cars powered by Nvidia tech. The new partnership sees Here use Nvidia’s MapWorks AI tech to improve its HD Live Map, with Nvidia developing a localization technology for HD Live Map as part of its DriveWorks software – which will allow automakers using the Drive PX2 computer to integrate the Here localization. The third part of the agreement sees the pair collaborate on incorporating real-time updates into the IVI systems, so that occupants can see the changes dynamically. “HD maps are essential for self-driving cars,” said Jen-Hsu Huang, Nvidia’s CEO. “Here’s adoption of our deep learning technology for their cloud-to-car mapping system will accelerate automakers’ ability to deploy self-driving vehicles.” Despite the Here deal, Nvidia also announced a deal with Zenrin, a Japanese mapping company, to jointly develop another cloud-to-car system for self-driving cars, with the Drive PX 2 and DriveWorks software being paired with Zenrin’s mapping platform – in a pretty similar arrangement to Here’s. “Zenrin’s big data includes road images and point-cloud data captured by mapping-survey vehicles,” said Koji Haraguchi, head of R&D at the mapping firm. “Combining Nvidia’s AI technologies and Zenrin’s big data will enable us to provide wider coverage of HD maps to automotive manufacturers with a dramatically shorter lead time.” Intel takes 15% stake in Here If Nvidia was not being exclusive, neither was Here, which has also got far closer to Intel since the holiday. This is symptomatic of more than just a battle with Nvidia for a particular platform, however important – Intel wants to undermine its rival’s entire GPUbased approach to AI and big data platforms, whether for connected cars, the IoT or enterprise cloud. If it can push its own architectures - which are focused on microprocessors, specialized AI chips and FPGAs rather than GPUs - as superior solutions, it could weaken the whole Nvidia philosophy in key areas of deep learning, such as autonomous vehicles. There is a long way to go with that strategy, since the GPU-based approach has so far proved to be a powerful and relatively simple one for high end AI-driven platforms. But Intel is putting many of the pieces in place to attack Nvidia’s areas of strength. This was the thinking behind the recent acquisition of Nervana, which had already mounted a credible challenge to Nvidia’s CUDA software, which powers its GPUs, with its own Neon cloud service, and is set to launch a deep learning accelerator chip on the drawing board, and set to launch next year. Intel has also acquired Movidius to expand its machine vision capabilities, and now taken a stake in Here. The companies which acquired Here from Nokia - Audi, BMW and Daimler – have reduced their one-third stakes to 25% each, selling 15% of the total to Intel and another 10% to a group of Chinese companies (Tencent, NavInfo and GIC). Intel and Here say they plan to develop a “highly scalable proof-of-concept architecture that supports real time updates of high-definition maps for highly and fully automated driving as well as explore opportunities in IoT and machine learning.” For Intel, this is a fairly straightforward way for it to secure the mapping and locational data that it needs to power its automotive ambitions, while adding a lot of contextual richness to the data sets. With a little dot-joining, one can spot patterns leading to the deal, such as Intel’s previous partnerships with Mobileye and BMW to build a fleet of fully autonomous cars by 2021. Indeed, at CES, Here announced its own deal with Mobileye – another of the prominent companies making specialised, optimised chips for AI and IoT functions, and so potentially strengthening Intel’s platform against Nvidia’s. The importance of the Mobileye deal Intel’s partnership with Mobileye, augmented by a new deal last fall with Delphi, is so important in the connected car world that some are calling it the Wintel of that market, because it could combine the smaller firm’s excellent and specialized vision algorithms with a more advanced processor roadmap than its own. Daniel Galves, Mobileye’s chief communications officer, recently told EETimes about the possible division of labor between its own technology and Intel’s, saying: “The Mobileye SoC will run all sensor processing software (8-camera surround view by Mobileye, radar/lidar processing by Delphi), localization mapping by Mobileye REM, and sensor fusion will run. On the Intel SoC, all driving policy (reinforcement learning algorithms for path strategy by Mobileye) and driving control (driving behavior software by Delphi’s Ottomatika) will run.” That is before Intel has even unveiled its expected automotive system- on-chip, based on multiple Xeon cores, which could combine with Mobileye’s EyeQ chip, which supports computer vision in the ADAS (advanced driver assistance systems) which Mobileye dominates. There has already been speculation that Intel has struck a real blow at Nvidia with its Mobileye and other partnerships. Nvidia was at the heart of the Audi zFAS – a centralized assistance controller the German carmaker is developing with Delphi and Mobileye, which also uses FPGAs from Altera, now part of Intel. If Altera will open doors for Intel in some unfamiliar markets, supporting optimized coprocessing for tasks with which standard x86 CPUs struggle, that will also squeeze some other chipmakers with a longer history in machine-to-machine and automotive. Mobileye, for instance, has traditionally worked with STMicro, but may now be hedging its bets with its Intel partnership. And now Here is part of the web too, announcing its own deal, to integrate data from Mobileye’s automotive machine vision sensors into Here’s Open Location Platform (OLP), using Mobileye’s Global Roadbook (GLRB) as a data layer. This is designed to increase the accuracy of the OLP, by adding contextually up-to-date landmark and roadway information pulled from vehicles using Mobileye’s sensors – the eyes of many of the most advanced semi-autonomous cars on the market. These vehicles will be piping the Road Segment Data (RSD) generated by Mobileye’s REM technology to the Here cloud, which will then be able to be shared with other vehicles using Here’s Live Map platform. As Here’s CEO, Edzard Overbeek, put it: “A real time self-healing and HD representation of the physical world is critical for autonomous driving, and achieving this will require significantly more powerful and capable in-vehicle compute platforms. As a premier silicon provider, Intel can help accelerate Here’s ambitions in this area, but support the creation of a universal, always up-to-date digital location platform that spans the vehicle, the cloud, and everything else connected.” Intel Go This is the latest step in Intel’s automotive transition, which has seen the division emerge from the IoT wing in the past year or so. That division is now getting its own brand, called Intel Go, which will revolve around new developer kits for automakers, based on its Atom and Xeon processors. Under the Go brand, Intel said at CES that it was launching two new developer kits for auto makers looking to add a brain to their vehicles. With a variant based around the low-power Atom processor, and another with a far more powerful Xeon backed up by new Arria 10 FPGAs, Intel is pitching the designs as the answer to all automotive computational needs – for sensor fusion to decision making. The new Intel Go Automotive SDK is Intel’s answer to the software side of the picture, while the Go Automotive 5G Platform aims to provide the V2X communication requirements, and to be the first commercial ‘5G’ world modem (see separate item). The new Go kits are going to be rolled out in a fleet of 40 BMW cars this year, as part of the test platform for the fleet with Mobileye and Intel. Towards the 5G car Of course, nobody could escape that ‘5G’ label, even in the car sector where 4G standards for wireless connectivity are not yet fully supported – last week saw tests based on the new LTE-V specifications, but there are all kinds of disputes between the 3GPP approach, the Wi-Fi community’s 802.11p and the DSRC specialized protocol. More of that potential industry split in an upcoming issue, but we can be sure that 5G, for all the hopes that it will prove to be an umbrella for many connectivity specs, will not really manage to neutralize all the politics behind these varying standards. But as long as 5G is not commercially real, participants from the car and wireless industries can keep their visions alive. For instance, PSA Group, owner of Peugeot and Citroёn, has partnered with Orange and Ericsson to work on "Towards 5G" car platforms based for now on the emerging LTE-V standard and on virtualization, but with a view to creating a roadmap towards 5G-based Intelligent Transport Systems (ITS) to support smart and autonomous vehicles. Their pilot project sits outside similar efforts by the Qualcomm-driven 5G Automotive Association (5GAA), although Ericsson is part of both efforts. Orange will provide the spectrum and cellular network for the trial sites; Ericsson the radio and distributed, virtualized core network; and PSA will define the requirements, scope and user experience and provide technical validation. “Connected IoT services are a crucial way to enhance the user experience for our customers, who today demand unprecedented levels of comfort and convenience as well as personalized services in their vehicles,” said Carla Gohin, VP of research, innovation and advanced technologies at PSA. Copyright © 2016, Wireless Watch Wireless Watch is published by Rethink Research, a London-based IT publishing and consulting firm. This weekly newsletter delivers in-depth analysis and market research of mobile and wireless for business. Subscription details are here. Sponsored: Achieving rapid delivery of high quality software with continuous delivery Tips and corrections 5 Comments More from The Register Nvidia's financials have great numbers. Yuge numbers. The best numbers, believe me Make America INT8 again 4 Comments Bought a GTX 970? Congrats, Nvidia owes you thirty bucks GPU maker opens wallet to make class-action suit go away 22 Comments Xeon Phight! Phight! Phight! Nvidia says Intel cheated benchmarks Xeon Phi vs. GPU comparison needs a level playing field 4 Comments Hardware Labs sees off Nvidia trademark sueball-smasher in court Letters from German lawyers don't mean a lawsuit in Blighty is on the cards 20 Comments PCs? Eh, who needs 'em? Nvidia asks while hoovering up more cash Graphics chip biz talks up investments in VR and AI after record quarter 3 Comments Nvidia welcomes Intel into AI era: Fancy a benchmark deathmatch? HPC blog We love your deep learning benchmark 'mistakes' 6 Comments Whitepapers Hunting insider threats Insider threats are a real risk to business because they threaten both customer and employee trust. 5 Steps to Good Governance Why it should be done efficiently and seamlessly, so that employees can focus on more exciting goals—innovative, business-growing goals 4 ways to build better apps with secure content services Four powerful digital content services that can help your company transform the way people interact with your content from within your web and mobile apps. Mapping the Demands of Real-World Apps - One IO at a Time Averaging doesn't provide an accurate picture of true application performance based on data gathered using InfoSight and analyzed. Most read Trump's cyber-guru Giuliani runs ancient 'easily hackable website' New Windows 10 privacy controls: Just a little snooping – or the max Now that's a Blue Screen of Death: Windows 10 told me to jump off a cliff US Navy runs into snags with aircraft carrier's electric plane-slingshot Dell EMC lifts the post-acquisition axe, swings Spotlight Top of the bots: This AI isn't a cold, cruel killing machine – it's a pop music hit machine Spark meets HAL: Apache's cluster master goes deep Will AI spell the end of humanity? The tech industry wants you to think so Outage-hit Lloyds Bank in talks to outsource data centres to IBM Embrace the world of pr0nified IT with wide open, er, arms Security hardened, pah! Expert doubts Kaymera's mighty Google's Pixel Microsoft sued by staff traumatized by child sex abuse vids stashed on OneDrive accounts Speaking in Tech: Went to Cancun... visited the Walmart Sponsored links New from Avere - Cloud-Enabled Data Center for Dummies. Download now Sign up to The Register to receive newsletters and alerts Follow us More content Subscribe to newsletter Top 20 stories Week’s headlines Archive Webcasts About us Privacy Company info Advertise with us Syndication Send us news tips The Register Biting the hand that feeds IT © 1998–2017 Independent news, views, opinions and reviews on the latest in the IT industry. Offices in London, San Francisco and Sydney.
Home India Politics Movies Tech Auto Buzz iVideos Cricketnext Sports Travel Footballnext Food Photos World Lifestyle Blogs Live TV TV Shows TV Videos Latest News Business Health And Fitness Podcast Latest News Immersive Gossip Compare India Australian Open Pro Wrestling #SWAGphoneIsComing Home India Politics Movies Tech Auto Buzz iVideos Cricketnext Sports All Sections LIVE TV Home India Politics Movies Tech Auto Buzz iVideos Cricketnext Sports Travel Footballnext Food Photos World Lifestyle Blogs Live TV TV Shows TV Videos Latest News Business Health And Fitness Podcast Latest NewsImmersiveGossipCompare IndiaAustralian OpenPro Wrestling#SWAGphoneIsComing Latest News Immersive Gossip Compare India Australian Open Pro Wrestling #SWAGphoneIsComing When TVF Founder Arunabh Kumar Met Google CEO Sunder Pichai at IIT Kharagpur Did Virat Kohli Start a Music Equipment Company? Bush Sisters Write A Heartwarming Letter For Malia And Sasha Obama Vin Diesel Lands In India, Twitter Cracks Up With 'Diesel' Jokes LIVE POWEReD BY News18 » Buzz 1-min read When TVF Founder Arunabh Kumar Met Google CEO Sunder Pichai at IIT Kharagpur News18.com First published: January 12, 2017, 4:00 PM IST | Updated: 3 days ago Image: TVF Arunabh Kumar​, Founder of popular youtube channel TVF (The Viral Fever) and popular for playing Yogi in channel's hit series TVF's Pitchers ​​met ​Sundar Pichai recently. The Google CEO and Kumar both are alumni of IIT Kharagpur and crossed path when Pichai was visiting their alma matter. Interestingly, Pichai was Kumar's hostel senior and he hosted the Google CEO for a tour of their hostel. "I was invited to welcome and host a Hostel Senior of mine who also happens to be the CEO of Google. We are both from Nehru Hall in IIT KGP and I was there with the entire hostel to greet him and show him around." Arunabh said. Pichai also visited his in the hostel where he spent some moments alone. He had a strict schedule but when he saw a place in the hostel called 'Catwalk' where a lot of Ragging used to happen in ancient days, he broke the entourage and went to see that as well. Arunabh further added, "I told him how ragging is a thing of past now in IITs. We spoke of the Waterfall Tradition at our hostel, where an entire batch of Fresher used to be gathered on ground for something serious, but after a bit, they were showered with buckets of water from the top. Kumar has also requested the Google CEO to do a guest appearance in TVF Pitchers. "TVF has been working closely with Google n Youtube forever but, I never thought I will get to meet someone that I idolise so closely. It definitely has to be one of the most awesome moments of my life and will cherish it forever." Arunabh said. arunabh kumar Google CEO iit kgp Sunder Pichai Recommended For You Complete List62nd Jio Filmfare Awards: Aamir's Dangal, Alia Bhatt Win Top Honours in the netHow Bed-ridden Sumit Became 'Crazy Sumit' of Kiss-and-Run Videos wedding bellsYogeshwar Dutt's Golden Gesture, Accepts Re 1 as Dowry MUFC vs LFCZlatan Ibrahimovic Rescues Manchester United in Liverpool Draw Powerful!Ashamed to be Nominated For Baaghi: Amaal Mallik Slams Indian Award Shows From Our Network NAC files show how Sonia-led elitists eroded PMO primacy and undermined the Constitution- FirstPost Trump accepts US intelligence on Russia hacking, says top aide- FirstPost Research in India Part 1: Local solutions needed to deal with unique problems- FirstPost About Us Privacy Policy Disclaimer Contact Us Sitemap Complaint Redressal Advertise With Us sections India Lifestyle States Tech Politics Auto Sports iVideos Football Power Circuit Latest News Cold Wave May Raise Health Issues in Elderly, Children Shazia Hussain Tells How Fruits Can Enhance Beauty Instagram Maybe Promoting Hookah Use, Suggests Study Depression May Be As Risky as Obesity and Cholesterol 20-Minute Exercise is All You Need to Be Fit Watch LIVE From Network18 News18 India CricketNext News18 States Pradesh18 Bangla News Gujarati News Urdu News Marathi News Topper Moneycontrol Firstpost CompareIndia History India MTV India In.com Burrp CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2016 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP, displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of NEWS18.com does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them. © Copyright Network18 Media and Investments Ltd 2016. All rights reserved. © Copyright Network18 Media and Investments Ltd 2016. All rights reserved.
Close Skip to main content sign in Comment activity Edit profile Email preferences Change password Sign out become a supporter subscribe search jobs more from the guardian: jobs change edition: switch to the UK edition switch to the AU edition switch to the INT edition US edition switch to the UK edition switch to the Australia edition switch to the International The Guardian home › tech home US politics world opinion sports soccer tech selected arts lifestyle fashion business travel environment browse all sections close Alphabet Google's research sibling X shuts down drones project Project to build solar-powered drone to provide internet access in remote areas closed in favour of competing high-altitude balloon scheme Alphabet acquired Titan Aerospace in April 2014. Photograph: Titan Aerospace Alex Hern @alexhern Thursday 12 January 2017 05.57 EST Last modified on Thursday 12 January 2017 06.38 EST Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email View more sharing options Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Close Google owner Alphabet’s subsidiary research company, X, has shut down its project aimed at building a solar-powered drone intended to bring internet access to remote areas. The project, which stemmed from an acquisition Google made in April 2014 of New Mexico-based Titan Aerospace, was deemed by X to be less promising than a competing attempt to use lightweight weather balloons for the same purpose. “The team from Titan was brought into X in late-2015. We ended our exploration of high-altitude UAVs for internet access shortly after,” an X spokesperson said. “By comparison, at this stage the economics and technical feasibility of Project Loon [its high-altitude balloon project] present a much more promising way to connect rural and remote parts of the world. Many people from the Titan team are now using their expertise as part of other high-flying projects at X, including Loon and Project Wing.” In ditching solar-powered drones, X has taken a different stance to rival Facebook, which has gone all-in on the technology with its Aquila project. The Aquila drone, a 130ft-long aircraft developed in Bridgwater, Somerset, is intended to circle in the upper atmosphere, using lasers to broadcast data down to base stations on the ground. Facebook reported a “successful” test flight for the drone in July 2016, but America’s national transportation safety board later revealed that in fact, the drone was blown off course upon landing, resulting in the end of its wing snapping off. In a follow-up interview with the Verge, Facebook’s Yael Maguire argued that, because the drone had flown perfectly in the air and only suffered damage upon landing, “we feel like we shared 99.9% of the details, from a time perspective.” X’s Project Loon proposal, achieved its first major milestone back in June 2013, when a New Zealand farmer connected to balloon-powered internet. The system uses advanced weather forecasting to actively navigate by raising and lowering its altitude to select which direction the wind should blow the balloons. Project Wing, X’s other drone project, uses smaller machines to test the feasibility of drone-powered deliveries. More news Topics Alphabet Google Solar power Internet Facebook Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Close Reuse this content most viewed The Guardian back to top home US politics world opinion sports soccer tech selected arts lifestyle fashion business travel environment all sections close home US politics world UK europe americas asia middle east africa australia cities development opinion sports soccer MLS NFL MLB NBA NHL soccer live scores tables competitions results fixtures clubs tech selected arts movies tv & radio music games books art & design stage classical lifestyle food health & fitness love & sex family women home & garden fashion business economics sustainable business diversity & equality in business small business travel USA europe UK skiing environment climate change wildlife energy pollution science media crosswords blog editor quick cryptic prize quiptic genius speedy everyman azed video Technology › Alphabet Facebook Twitter jobs guardian labs subscribe all topics all contributors solve technical issue about us contact us complaints & corrections terms & conditions privacy policy cookie policy securedrop © 2017 Guardian News and Media Limited or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved.
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Politics With All Due Respect Poll Decoder Culture Caucus Podcast Masters In Politics Podcast Ad Tracker Battlegrounds 2016 Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Science + Energy Graphics Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe Alphabet Says It Shut Down Titan Drone Internet Project by Mark Bergen @mhbergen More stories by Mark Bergen January 11, 2017, 6:22 PM EST Company pulls back on plans to beam internet from the sky Similar project pursued by Facebook has also faced setback Titan Aerospace's Solara 50 aircraft. Photographer: Titan Aerospace/AP Photo In 2014, Google and Facebook Inc. vied to acquire Titan Aerospace, a maker of high-altitude, solar-powered drones. Google won the bidding, so Facebook purchased its own company, which was building a huge glider called Aquila. The idea was to beam internet access from the sky to get more people logging on from remote places to access information and probably use both companies’ web services. That soaring vision has come down to Earth with a bump. On Wednesday, a spokeswoman from Google parent Alphabet Inc.’s X research lab said it had shut down Titan. This happened in early 2016, she said, although confirmation didn’t come until earlier today, when technology blog 9to5Google reported the move. The team from Titan was brought into X in late 2015, and the research lab ended its exploration of high-altitude drones for internet access shortly after, the X spokeswoman said in a statement.  Facebook has also struggled. Its Aquila drone crashed during a test flight in June, sparking an investigation by the National Transportation Safety Board. That was the latest hiccup in Facebook’s plans to wirelessly connect the world, following an explosion earlier in 2016 that destroyed one of its satellites and political resistance to its free services in India. Alphabet canceled Titan because of economic and technical challenges. Project Loon, another X project to beam internet from high-altitude balloons, is still going. So is Project Wing, an effort to use drones for deliveries, rather than internet service. "By comparison, at this stage the economics and technical feasibility of Project Loon present a much more promising way to connect rural and remote parts of the world," the X spokeswoman said on Wednesday. "Many people from the Titan team are now using their expertise as part of other high flying projects at X, including Loon and Project Wing." Project Wing is facing its own challenges. In the fall of 2016, several Wing employees were asked to find other projects at Alphabet after X pulled back on some of its drone delivery plans. Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Trending Now Trump Team May Move West Wing Briefings to Expand Capacity Trump Slams NATO, Floats Russia Nuke Deal in European Interview Pound Slides at Much as 1.6% as May Reported to Seek Hard Brexit Trump Team Shunning Davos Meeting of World’s Economic Elite Trump Asks If Outgoing CIA Chief Was Leaker of ‘Fake News’ Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
Technology Science Culture Video Reviews Magazine More Business Security Space Podcasts Events Innovation Awards Subscribe About GOOGLE Untitled-1 Follow Newsletter Sign Up Untitled-1 00/00 The science of touch: why physical contact can make you happier and more successful The science of touch: why physical contact can make you happier and more successful Ideas Bank 1 day ago This car headrest monitors your brain waves to stop you falling asleep at the wheel This car headrest monitors your brain waves to stop you falling asleep at the wheel Cars 1 day ago Not so grey matter! Brain scans are transformed into beautiful and sprawling works of neon art Not so grey matter! Brain scans are transformed into beautiful and sprawling works of neon art Brains 1 day ago How Spotify chooses what makes it onto your Discover Weekly playlist How Spotify chooses what makes it onto your Discover Weekly playlist Tastemakers 09 Jan 2017 How to pre-order the Nintendo Switch in the UK How to pre-order the Nintendo Switch in the UK Nintendo Switch 2 days ago Here's the science behind why you get hungry when you're drunk Here's the science behind why you get hungry when you're drunk Alcohol 4 days ago Adobe is forcing people to install a Chrome Plugin with its latest Reader update Adobe is forcing people to install a Chrome Plugin with its latest Reader update Software 3 days ago Big Ben to be silenced in 2017 for 'urgent' repair works Big Ben to be silenced in 2017 for 'urgent' repair works Big Ben 26 Apr 2016 Death to the dashboard: AR windscreens in cars could make driving safer and easier Death to the dashboard: AR windscreens in cars could make driving safer and easier Cars 1 day ago Dog voices, binge eating: Podcast 300 Dog voices, binge eating: Podcast 300 Podcast 2 days ago Why digital detoxes are a waste of time and are just 'nostalgia-laden nonsense' Why digital detoxes are a waste of time and are just 'nostalgia-laden nonsense' The WIRED World in 2017 4 days ago WIRED Weekender: 10 stories you may have missed this week WIRED Weekender: 10 stories you may have missed this week WIRED Weekender 1 day ago We took BMW's self-driving 5 series for a spin around Vegas We took BMW's self-driving 5 series for a spin around Vegas Self-Driving 2 days ago The Crystal Maze is back for a new series with Richard Ayoade as the Maze Master The Crystal Maze is back for a new series with Richard Ayoade as the Maze Master Television 2 days ago The Nokia 6 could be coming to Europe on February 26 The Nokia 6 could be coming to Europe on February 26 Nokia 4 days ago Cocaine, tug boats and tip offs: the inside story of the largest drug bust in UK history Cocaine, tug boats and tip offs: the inside story of the largest drug bust in UK history Crime 21 Dec 2016 Take your place among the clouds at Shenzhen's new Museum of Contemporary Art Take your place among the clouds at Shenzhen's new Museum of Contemporary Art Play 1 day ago LEGO City, Super Mario Odyssey and Bomberman. Here are the Nintendo Switch games announced so far LEGO City, Super Mario Odyssey and Bomberman. Here are the Nintendo Switch games announced so far Gaming 2 days ago Nintendo's £280 Switch is a multiplayer hybrid - and it's region free! Nintendo's £280 Switch is a multiplayer hybrid - and it's region free! Nintendo 3 days ago It's now easier to find friends on Snapchat with its universal search bar It's now easier to find friends on Snapchat with its universal search bar Snapchat 2 days ago Cemu lets you play Wii U games on your PC in 4K Cemu lets you play Wii U games on your PC in 4K Gaming 3 days ago How do meteorologists know when it's going to snow? How do meteorologists know when it's going to snow? Weather 25 Nov 2010 The X-Files will return for season 11 in 2018 The X-Files will return for season 11 in 2018 X-Files 3 days ago Scientists turn mice into fierce hunters by flicking a 'killer switch' in their brains Scientists turn mice into fierce hunters by flicking a 'killer switch' in their brains Mice 3 days ago Rudy Giuliani to head up Donald Trump's cybersecurity team Rudy Giuliani to head up Donald Trump's cybersecurity team Cybersecurity 3 days ago Controversial tunnel under Stonehenge gets the go-ahead Controversial tunnel under Stonehenge gets the go-ahead Stonehenge 3 days ago The best Netflix shows and Original Series to watch right now The best Netflix shows and Original Series to watch right now Netflix 23 Nov 2016 Technology Science Culture Video Reviews Magazine Business Security Space Podcasts Events Innovation Awards Subscribe About Follow wired Newsletter Sign Up Top stories The science of touch: why physical contact can make you happier and more successful The science of touch: why physical contact can make you happier and more successful Ideas Bank 1 day ago This car headrest monitors your brain waves to stop you falling asleep at the wheel This car headrest monitors your brain waves to stop you falling asleep at the wheel Cars 1 day ago Not so grey matter! Brain scans are transformed into beautiful and sprawling works of neon art Not so grey matter! Brain scans are transformed into beautiful and sprawling works of neon art Brains 1 day ago How Spotify chooses what makes it onto your Discover Weekly playlist How Spotify chooses what makes it onto your Discover Weekly playlist Tastemakers 09 Jan 2017 How to pre-order the Nintendo Switch in the UK How to pre-order the Nintendo Switch in the UK Nintendo Switch 2 days ago Here's the science behind why you get hungry when you're drunk Here's the science behind why you get hungry when you're drunk Alcohol 4 days ago Adobe is forcing people to install a Chrome Plugin with its latest Reader update Adobe is forcing people to install a Chrome Plugin with its latest Reader update Software 3 days ago Big Ben to be silenced in 2017 for 'urgent' repair works Big Ben to be silenced in 2017 for 'urgent' repair works Big Ben 26 Apr 2016 Death to the dashboard: AR windscreens in cars could make driving safer and easier Death to the dashboard: AR windscreens in cars could make driving safer and easier Cars 1 day ago Dog voices, binge eating: Podcast 300 Dog voices, binge eating: Podcast 300 Podcast 2 days ago Why digital detoxes are a waste of time and are just 'nostalgia-laden nonsense' Why digital detoxes are a waste of time and are just 'nostalgia-laden nonsense' The WIRED World in 2017 4 days ago WIRED Weekender: 10 stories you may have missed this week WIRED Weekender: 10 stories you may have missed this week WIRED Weekender 1 day ago We took BMW's self-driving 5 series for a spin around Vegas We took BMW's self-driving 5 series for a spin around Vegas Self-Driving 2 days ago The Crystal Maze is back for a new series with Richard Ayoade as the Maze Master The Crystal Maze is back for a new series with Richard Ayoade as the Maze Master Television 2 days ago The Nokia 6 could be coming to Europe on February 26 The Nokia 6 could be coming to Europe on February 26 Nokia 4 days ago Cocaine, tug boats and tip offs: the inside story of the largest drug bust in UK history Cocaine, tug boats and tip offs: the inside story of the largest drug bust in UK history Crime 21 Dec 2016 Take your place among the clouds at Shenzhen's new Museum of Contemporary Art Take your place among the clouds at Shenzhen's new Museum of Contemporary Art Play 1 day ago LEGO City, Super Mario Odyssey and Bomberman. Here are the Nintendo Switch games announced so far LEGO City, Super Mario Odyssey and Bomberman. Here are the Nintendo Switch games announced so far Gaming 2 days ago Nintendo's £280 Switch is a multiplayer hybrid - and it's region free! Nintendo's £280 Switch is a multiplayer hybrid - and it's region free! Nintendo 3 days ago It's now easier to find friends on Snapchat with its universal search bar It's now easier to find friends on Snapchat with its universal search bar Snapchat 2 days ago Cemu lets you play Wii U games on your PC in 4K Cemu lets you play Wii U games on your PC in 4K Gaming 3 days ago How do meteorologists know when it's going to snow? How do meteorologists know when it's going to snow? Weather 25 Nov 2010 The X-Files will return for season 11 in 2018 The X-Files will return for season 11 in 2018 X-Files 3 days ago Scientists turn mice into fierce hunters by flicking a 'killer switch' in their brains Scientists turn mice into fierce hunters by flicking a 'killer switch' in their brains Mice 3 days ago Rudy Giuliani to head up Donald Trump's cybersecurity team Rudy Giuliani to head up Donald Trump's cybersecurity team Cybersecurity 3 days ago Controversial tunnel under Stonehenge gets the go-ahead Controversial tunnel under Stonehenge gets the go-ahead Stonehenge 3 days ago The best Netflix shows and Original Series to watch right now The best Netflix shows and Original Series to watch right now Netflix 23 Nov 2016 Google Google quietly shut its internet drone project last year Unlike Facebook, Google says it has no future in developing solar drones to provide internet connections to rural areas By Matt Burgess 3 days ago By Matt Burgess Thursday 12 January 2017 Titan Aerospace Alphabet, the parent company of Google, has shut down the firm's project to create solar-powered drones that could provide internet connections to rural areas. ADVERTISEMENT What's the difference between Google and Alphabet? What's the difference between Google and Alphabet? Business 05 Oct 2015 Staff from the Project Titan team, which Google purchased amid competition from Facebook in 2014, were folded into the company's X research division in early 2016 after it was decided the company would not pursue the drones. Read more Streaming shows online could be damaging the environment Streaming shows online could be damaging the environment By James Temperton First reported by 9To5Google and later confirmed by the Silicon Valley firm, the decision was taken so X could focus on its efforts to provide internet connectivity by balloon. "The team from Titan was brought into X in early 2016," an X spokesperson said. "We ended our exploration of high-altitude UAVs for internet access shortly after". It is said 50 employees were involved in the process. Project Titan was created following the acquisition of New Mexico-based Titan Aerospace. At the time Vern Raburn, the drone company's CEO, said he expected Google to make "some pretty significant investments here." During the development, The Guardian reported Google was testing 5G technologies to beam connections from the drones. ADVERTISEMENT Read more Google, Facebook and WhatsApp to face tougher restrictions when tracking you online Google, Facebook and WhatsApp to face tougher restrictions when tracking you online By Amelia Heathman Ultimately, however, it was not decided to continue with the Titan Project. The X spokesperson said the "economics and technical feasibility" of solar-powered drones was not the best way for the company to provide connectivity to rural or poorly serviced parts of the world. Instead Google's efforts are being concentrated on Project Loon. Using giant balloons floating over communities and rural areas at altitudes twice as high as commercial planes, the company hopes to provide a network connection to those without one. In October 2015, it announced a partnership with three mobile carriers in Indonesia to test the technologies in the skies above the country. Subscribe to WIRED ADVERTISEMENT While Google doesn't see itself having a future in solar drone technology, its big competitor does. Facebook is continuing to develop its Aquila drone. Developed in the UK, the drone is designed to circle above areas 60 miles in diameter while cruising at 60,000ft, sending a web connection to Earth. However, the drone's first flight in June 2016 didn't end successfully. Aquila suffered an "in-flight structural failure" causing it to crash on landing as it flew in windy conditions. When the drone was in the air there were no problems and Facebook was happy with its first flight. Despite Google's closure of its internet drone project the firm's efforts within UAVs are continuing in other areas. Project Wing, for drone deliveries, is continuing to refine its testing on six sites in the US. Share this article RECOMMENDED Ecuador confirms it 'temporarily' shut off Julian Assange's internet Ecuador confirms it 'temporarily' shut off Julian Assange's internet By Matt Burgess Politics 19 Oct 2016 WIRED Awake: 10 must-read articles for November 22 WIRED Awake: 10 must-read articles for November 22 By WIRED Facebook 22 Nov 2016 Facebook drones, losing your life to VR: Podcast 277 Facebook drones, losing your life to VR: Podcast 277 By WIRED Virtual Reality 22 Jul 2016 Google set to take on Apple with its own range of branded phones Google set to take on Apple with its own range of branded phones By Matt Burgess Google 27 Jun 2016 Privacy policy and cookie statement Terms & conditions Careers Contact © Condé Nast UK 2017
U.S. Editions Australia Edition China Edition India Edition Italy Edition Japan Edition Singapore Edition United Kingdom United States Jan 15, 8:43 PM EST Subscribe Everything You Need To Know, Right Now. Everything You Need To Know, Right Now. The IBT Pulse Newsletter keeps you connected to the biggest stories unfolding in the global economy. Please enter a valid email Search Search Business Technology World National Media & Culture Millennial Money Entertainment Sports Subscribe Technology Android Wear 2.0 Launching Next Month, Google Said In Letter To App Developers By Corazon Victorino On 01/12/17 AT 5:32 AM Close Google launched Android Wear — Android OS's counterpart for smartwatches and other wearables — in March 2014. Last year, many were expecting for the second major update of the OS, but it did not arrive. Then, this week, the Mountain View-headquartered company surprised everyone by confirming the imminent of Android Wear 2.0. On Wednesday, Google sent Google Play app developers a letter informing them about the launch of Android Wear 2.0. According to the tech giant, developers should expect the major smartwatch OS update next month. Though no specific date was indicated in the letter, the software is expected to arrive within the first week because Google stated “early February 2017.” Engadget noted that the OS update was initially slated for release in late 2016. Unfortunately, Google decided to push back the release date to this year for some undisclosed reason and rolled out a couple of developer previews instead. The delay actually left LG, Lenovo and Huawei with no choice but to not release new wearables before the end of the year.  Related Stories Google Updates Beta App For Android With New Shortcuts YouTube Updates iPhone Video Resolution Options New Security Feature For Windows 10 Devices In The Works Apart from announcing the release of Android Wear 2.0, Google also informed app developers that it is launching a new on-watch Play Store. The feature is going to be helpful to users who want to discover more apps for their high-tech timepieces. Google warned that developers should update or optimize their apps for Android Wear 2.0, so they will be featured in the on-watch Play Store.  The Verge reported that optimizing apps for the upcoming major update would make them independent apps that can function on their own without a connected smartphone or WiFi networks. It can be noted that Google announced during the I/O developer conference in May of last year that Android Wear 2.0 would allow smartwatch apps to run in standalone mode. The release of Android Wear 2.0 is also seen as a sign of the imminent launch of new Google flagship smartwatches. The tech giant announced last month that its new smartwatches will not carry the Google or Pixel branding. It’s possible that Google will introduce its new smartwatches alongside the release of the new OS.  Join the Discussion Most Read Stay connected to the biggest stories unfolding in technology. The IBTech Newsletter keeps you connected to the biggest stories unfolding in technology. Please enter a valid email Business Takata Close To Faulty Airbag Settlement The settlement with DOJ reportedly includes a $25 million criminal fine, $125 million in victim compensation, and $850 million to compensate automakers. Technology Galaxy S7, S7 Edge Get Android Nougat Update However, it may be a while before HTC pushes out the official update for its HTC 10 device World Diplomats Warn US Against Moving Embassy To Jerusalem Israel did not attend Sunday's peace conference, saying it was "rigged" against the Jewish state. National Scottish Newspaper Lists Trump Inauguration As Episode Of 'Twilight Zone' Trump is to be sworn into office Friday. The Scottish Sunday Herald characterized it as the start of a "huge interactive virtual reality project." © Copyright 2017 IBT Media Inc. All Rights Reserved. IBT About Us Advertise with Us Media Kit Terms of Service Privacy Policy Editions Australia China India Italy Japan Singapore United Kingdom United States
Skip to main content area Social media links Find us on Facebook Connect with us on Twitter Sections Home News Reviews Rumours VS Bests User Guides Deals Wearable Tech Apps Newsletter Search Search Secondary menu IPHONE 7 NOTE 7 ONEPLUS 3T Android N iOS 10 IPHONE 6S Nexus 5X Galaxy S7 Nokia C1 Sections You are here: Home » Mobile Phones » Nexus 6p » Nexus 6p vs Nexus 5x: Android 7 Nougat Update Now AVAILABLE Nexus 6p vs Nexus 5x: Android 7 Nougat Update Now AVAILABLE Vs Michael Grothaus 09:29, 12 Jan 2017 facebook twitter google+ Looking back at the excellent Nexus 5X and Nexus 6P – both of which now have Android Nougat! When the Nexus 6 appeared, on its own, in 2014, as the sole Nexus offering from the big G. Nexus fans were, it must be said, a little confused and shocked by this. What we had been presented with was quite a different beast from previous Nexus devices - a large 6in smartphone (phablets not exactly being the middle ground) packed full of high-end, cutting-edge tech. Sounds great to any Samsung Galaxy Note fan, or similar, perhaps, but to Nexusites it was a bit of a let-down, as this big, unweildy, yet powerful phone, came with a big unweildy price tag too! Many agreed that it wouldn't have been so bad had Google paired this device launch with a reboot of the Nexus 5, and clearly Google had been paying attention to such mutterings because that's what rocked up in 2015 - the Nexus 6P, a reboot of the Nexus 6 made by Huawei, and the Nexus 5X, a reboot of the Nexus 5, once again made by LG. Ahead of the launch of this year’s Nexus phones, Google has set about making its current batch of Nexus handsets a little bit more desirable by slashing the price of the Nexus 5x, which is now available for just $199 inside Google Play (or $249 for the 32GB version). And if you want to pick it up even cheaper, well, get it via Google Fi where you get $150 off the Play price.  There is, however, plenty of talk about Google taking more active control over future phone releases inside its Nexus stable of devices. According to a  bunch of reports, Google is keen to do with phones what it has already done with the Chromebook Pixel and Pixel C tablet — design them itself. This is what Apple does and it would give Google complete control over the hardware and software and this, at least from an engineering perspective, is a very attractive position to be in.  Android N is now available to ALL Nexus handsets, following its official unveiling at Google I/O 2016 alongside a bunch of other announcements which included HUGE updates to Google’s plans for the car industry, a new smart-home device called Google Home and a brand new VR platform called Daydream that will ship inside Android N. But Google’s Nexus phones are now more. They have now been replaced by the Google Pixel and the Google Pixel XL – two phones that are essentially Google’s version of the iPhone for the Android space. The decision by Google to nix its Nexus line and focus on selling premium, high-end phones designed within its HQ has been scrutinised to hell and back since the phones were first announced. I was skeptical too… but then I tested the Pixel XL out and it quite literally blew my mind. The handset has an amazing camera, brilliant performance and, best of all, perhaps the best battery life of ANY phone I have ever tested. Nothing can slow this handset down; heavy use yields a solid day and half, while more moderate usage will likely see things progress to two days. Standby is off the charts. Yes, these handsets are expensive. But so too is the iPhone, and this is the market – and consumers – Google is going after. It might take a few years for Google to catch up with Apple, but the quality of these Pixel handsets CANNOT be faulted. As phones they are easily two of the finest specimens ever produced by anyone in the mobile space. Still, if you want still want a Nexus you’re good to go, as the handsets are still available. We’ve even included some deals within this article for the best prices we found online. I still have a Nexus 6P and I still use it from time to time. It works great and will get support for Google for at least another 12 months and once that support runs out it will live on with custom ROMs, so, yes, the Nexus 6P and Nexus 5X, while no longer Google’s darlings, are still very much worthy of investment. For now though, let's have a look and see how Google's latest Nexus handsets compare. Nexus 5X vs Nexus 6P: Specs Here’s the specs for the Nexus 5X: Display: 5.2 inches, FHD (1920 x 1080) LCD at 423 ppi Dimensions: 147.0 x 72.6 x 7.9 mm Weight: 136 grams Storage: 16GB or 32GB Memory: 2 GB LPDDR3 Processors: Qualcomm Snapdragon 808 processor, 1.8 GHz hexa-core 64-bit, Adreno 418 GPU Front camera: 5 MP, 1.4 µm pixels, f/2.0 aperture Rear camera: 12.3 MP, 1.55 µm pixels, f/2.0 aperture, 4K video Connectivity: Wi-Fi 802.11a/b/g/n/ac 2x2 MIMO, dual-band (2.4 GHz, 5.0 GHz); Bluetooth 4.2; NFC; GPS, GLONASS Colors: Carbon, Quartz, and Ice And here’s the specs for the Nexus 6P: Display: 5.7 inches; WQHD (2560 x 1440) AMOLED display at 518 ppi Dimensions: 159.3 X 77.8 X 7.3 mm Weight: 178 grams Storage: 32GB, 64 GB, or 128GB Memory: 3GB LPDDR4 Processors: Qualcomm Snapdragon 810 processor, 2.0 GHz Octa-core 64-bit; Adreno 430 GPU Front camera: 8MP camera; 1.4 µm pixels; f/2.4 aperture Rear camera: 12.3 MP; 1.55 µm pixels; f/2.0 aperture, 4K video Connectivity: Wi-Fi 802.11a/b/g/n/ac 2x2 MIMO, dual-band (2.4 GHz, 5.0 GHz); Bluetooth 4.2; NFC; GPS, GLONASS Colors: Aluminium, Graphite, Frost, and Gold (Japan only) There’s no question about it, the Nexus 6P is clearly the better of the two phones from an internal spec point of view. It packs the excellent Snapdragon 810 processor and Adreno 430 GPU along with 3GB of LPDDR4 RAM. It also comes in three storage sizes starting with a respectable 32GB (hey Apple, take note) and includes 64GB and 128GB options. That’s not to say the Nexus 5X is a slouch–it’s a great upgrade over the Nexus 5, but it’s a less premium phone and it shows in comparison with the slower Snapdragon 808 processor and Adreno 418 GPU and only 2GB of LPDDR3 RAM. Plus it only comes in 16GB and 32GB storage options–and no one should buy a 16GB phone; it’s just not enough space. With specs Google has pretty much hit the nail on the head. It has everything you could possibly want and need on both variants but, unlike it did with the Nexus 6, Google has presented another option for consumers that are looking for more value for money. But how do the handsets' differ with respect to performance? Let's dig a little deeper with some analysis of benchmarks that compare the two handsets in question as well as the newer HTC 10 and Samsung Galaxy S7 EDGE.  The Nexus 6P is the premium handset. It’s the one Google wants you to buy — the Nexus 6P is bigger, more expensive and decked out with better hardware. But what does this look like inside benchmarks? Is the gap as palpable as the price and marketing would have you believe? Let’s take a look. In Peacekeeper, which is a browser test, the handsets are very evenly matched. But when you consider both use Chrome as their stock web browser, this outcome isn’t surprising at all. This trend is also visible with the Galaxy S7 and HTC 10, which also use the same Android Marshmallow-version of Chrome. Where things start to get different is inside GFX, which puts the handsets’ through intensive graphics performance analysis with game-like content, low-level tests measure specific graphics performance aspects (Driver Overhead 2, ALU 2, Tessellation, Texturing). Here we see the additional grunt of the Nexus 6P paying dividends. Similarly, 2014’s Nexus 6 also puts in a fine performance compared to the newer Nexus 5X, which uses less RAM and the Snapdragon 808 CPU, versus more powerful Snapdragon’s and higher amounts of RAM inside the Nexus 6P. And if you’re interested in what the next-generation performance of Qualcomm’s Snapdragon 820 looks like, simply look two rows down and have a butchers at the HTC 10 — it completely dominates everything in this list, including the Exynos-powered Galaxy S7 EDGE. Interestingly, the Nexus 6 really holds its own when compared to the Nexus 5X despite using an older SoC. What you’re seeing here is the power of having an extra GB of RAM at your disposal — the Nexus 6 has 3GB versus the Nexus 5X’s 2GB. In Geek Bench 3, which is designed to simulate real-world situations, it’s a similar picture: the Nexus 6P beats the Nexus 5X overall, followed by the Nexus 6. The HTC 10 and Galaxy S7 EDGE, on account of their improved processors and higher amounts of RAM, demonstrate their true next-generation status when compared to 2015 hardware with significant all round boosts to everyday tasks and overall performance.   Nexus 5X vs Nexus 6P: Display Besides the internal specs, there's two other HUGE differences between the 5X and 6P. Let’s start with the most obvious: the display. The Nexus 5X has a 5.2 inch FHD LCD with a resolution of 1920 x 1080 at 423 ppi. The Nexus 6P, on the other hand, is clearly designed for those who want a phablet. It’s got a 5.7 inch WQHD AMOLED display with a resolution of 2560 x 1440 at 518 ppi. Size differences aside, the display on the 6P is superior in every way: from its higher resolution WQHD AMOLED panel to its insane 518 pixels per inch. The 6P also features a Gorilla Glass 4 display, while the 5X uses the older, less durable, Gorilla Glass 3 display. Nexus 5X vs Nexus 6P: Design The second major way the 5X and 6P differ is in their design. By now I’m sure you can tell that the 6P is designed to be the “premium” model of the two–it’s meant to take on high class phones like the iPhone 6s and the Samsung Galaxy S6. As a result it’s got a quality all-metal body that is sleek and sophisticated. That metal body also allows for the 6P to actually be thinner than the smaller 5X. The 6P is 7.3mm thick, while the 5X is 7.9mm thick. The 6P comes in four colors: Aluminium, Graphite, Frost, and Gold–though gold is only available in Japan. The reason the 5X is thicker than the 6P is because its body is made of smooth plastic. That won’t be a deal breaker for some, but for those that want the sleekest phone out there, metal bodies are where it’s at. The 5X comes in three colors: Carbon, Quartz, and Ice. Build materials and thickness aside, on the whole both devices are very similar in design and aesthetics, keeping that signature Nexus bodystyle with a smoothly rounded back panel and curvy corners. They're quite pleasant to look at, and little accents such as the Nexus 5X's round camera port and round fingerprint scanner side-by-side do have their charm. On the Nexus 6P, instead you have a large bar shape at the top housing the optics, and this does protrude slightly, while the round fingerprint scanner remains in the same place - while the Nexus 6P may be the more "premium" of the two in terms of build quality it has to be said the back panel is a little less elegant visually. Perhaps more important, though also more obvious, is the sheer size and mass of each device though. Of course we've covered this in the display size section to an extent, but it's also relevant in terms of design and handling properties - without wishing to state the bleeding obvious; the Nexus 6P is a MASSIVE 6in phone, so it's going to feel very different to operate and occupy more pocket space, and to be frank this is not everyone's cup of tea. If you have big hands you might be ok, but otherwise, expect a bit of unweildiness. The Nexus 5X, on the other hand (ha) is your typical 5in size and much more manageable for the average smartphone user. As usual, this comes down to personal preference and just what compromises you're prepared to make for the sake of better handling, or alternatively for things like, say, a massive but beautiful display, metal bodywork, and much better battery life. Nexus 5X vs Nexus 6P: Cameras Surprisingly even though both phones have until this point been very different, they are exactly the same in the rear camera department. Both phones feature a 12.3 MP, 1.55 µm pixels, f/2.0 aperture rear camera that shoots 4K video. They both also have dual-LED flash and laser auto-focus. Where the phones differ is in the front camera. The 5X offers a 5 MP, 1.4 µm pixels, f/2.0 front lens, while the 6P bumps that up to a 8MP, 1.4 µm pixels, f/2.4 aperture front lens. However, all is not well in camp Nexus following reports of serious issues with the camera.  The glass seems to break for no apparent reason, and it’s not clear what caused the damage, according to one user on Reddit. “Well that was a surprise. For me, and the cat,” johny_rat wrote on Reddit. It was sat on a table next to me when I heard the glass snap, leaving a little snowfall of shavings on the table under it. It’s now continuing to crack away to itself.” “A different user said he reported the same problem to Google, which directed him to Huawei for future guidance,” notes BGR. “If this is a design issue, it’s likely all affected Nexus 6P will be repaired or replaced. Of course, for some people it might be difficult to prove the screen didn’t crack following an accidental drop.” Nexus 5X vs Nexus 6P: Battery & Connectivity As far as connectivity, each phone features exactly the same innards: 802.11a/b/g/n/ac, Bluetooth 4.2, NFC, and a USB Type-C connector. The 5X has a smaller battery at 2,700 mAh versus the 6P’s 3,450 mAh battery, but that won’t necessarily translate to longer battery life in the 6P. After all, it’s got a much more power hungry display to run.  In our tests the Nexus 6P had very decent battery performance, even more so when you consider the handset runs a QHD panel. A lot of this is down to the sheer size of the battery cell, granted, but there is also Android Marshmallow’s role to factor; it has a bunch of new power saving features designed to not only extend the battery life of Android phones but also boost their idle performance by quite a considerable margin. Naturally with both phones being sealed unibody devices the battery cells are not removable in either device. The Nexus 6P is the better phone in all regards, including battery performance. In our tests we found the Nexus 6P to rank among the top five handsets of last year for battery performance — it really is that good. Testing battery life in a demonstrable manner is difficult because everybody uses phones differently. I might work a phone harder than, say, your Uncle Tim. But one way of showing how battery’s perform under pressure is through a video-playback test, whereby a video is looped until the phone dies. This is more of an endurance drain-test and, while not representative of everyday use, does give us a good idea of the battery’s overall performance when factor in with our anecdotal findings while roading testing the handset in the real world. And as you can see above, the results aren’t really all that surprising: the Nexus 6P beats the Nexus 5X by quite a margin and the newer HTC 10 and Galaxy S7 EDGE are WAY out in front. Largely, this uplift is down to better CPUs and more efficient software and power management. Still, the Nexus 6P isn’t bad by any stretch of the imagination. It’s just that this year’s phone makers REALLY upped their game with respect to battery life. And that’s something we can all appreciate. Nexus 5X vs Nexus 6P: Price & Verdict The Nexus 5X is £339 for the 16GB model and £379 for the 32GB model. The Nexus 6P is £449 for the 32GB model, £499 for the 64GB version, and £579 for the128GB variant. But as usual, your choice probably won’t come down to price or even internal specs–it will come down to the display size. Do you want a big smartphone (if so, get the 5X) or a massive phablet (then the 6P is your guy). You can now pick up the Nexus 5X for next to nothing on Amazon.  That’s not to say the two phones are similar in other ways–they clearly are not. Spec for spec the 6P is better by a long shot in almost every way. But as I said, most of us buy based on display size–and if you’re like most of us (and you’re only deciding between these two phones) then their size is probably going to be the deciding factor for you. Read More About: Mobile Phones Google Nexus 6p Sponsored Links Related content All The VERY BEST iPhone Apps For 2017 OnePlus 5 Coming 2017 With Ceramic Body Samsung Galaxy S7 EDGE Blue Coral Arrives In UK Via Vodafone Android N Release Date & Update Schedule Predictions Nokia 8 Android Flagship LEAKS View the discussion thread. Trending Nokia WILL Release Two Android Phones In 2017: Nokia 6 Was Just The Beginning Mobile Phones Your Guide to the Best Fitness Trackers for 2017 Wearable technology Android 7 Nougat Update Schedule & Release Date: When's Your Phone Getting It? Mobile Phones Hot Handsets Android 4.4.3 Apple iOS 8 Apple iPad Air Apple iPad Mini 2 Apple iPhone 5S Apple iPhone 6 HTC One Max LG G3 Motorola Moto X+1 Samsung Galaxy S5 Latest Reviews 5 Google Pixel XL Review: The Best Android Phone Right Now Reviews 4.5 Sony PS4 Review: PS4 Price Cut AGAIN In Time For Xmas 2016 Reviews 4 NVIDIA Shield Tablet Review: This BEAST is Now Under £200! Reviews Sponsored Links Contact Dennis Publishing Editorial Offices 30 Cleveland Street London, W1T 4JD T: +44 (0)20 7907 6000 Read our Privacy notice Useful links Home News Reviews Rumours VS Bests User Guides Deals Wearable Tech Apps Newsletter Company's site Contact us About us Privacy Note Feeds Authors Sitemap Affiliate Link Policy Our Websites Know Your Mobile Auto Express Evo Fortean Times IT Pro Coach Micro Mart Alphr Expert Reviews Channel Pro Digital SLR Photography Den of Geek The Week Magazines Health & Fitness Women's Fitness CarBuyer Cloud Pro MagBooks Cyclist Classic & Performance Car TablePouncer Sites we like Android Authority GSM arena IntoMobile Eurodroid PocketNow WinRumors Social media links Find us on Facebook Connect with us on Twitter © Copyright Dennis Publishing Limited. Know Your Mobile is a trademark of Felix Dennis. Jobs Media Information Subscription Enquiries Books Apps Your Online Choices
Daily Express The Express Tribune Urdu E-Paper English E-Paper Watch Express News Live Monday, 16 Jan 2017 Subscribe Express News The Express Tribune Web Chutney Urdu E-Paper English E-Paper Watch Express News Live RSS Today's Paper Subscribe beta 2.1 Monday, 16 Jan 2017 Today's Paper Advertise Home Pakistan Business Tech Videos World Opinion Life & Style Sports T.Edit Blogs Jobs Classifieds Labs Events The Express Tribune > Technology   Google to promote e-commerce in Pakistan, says director Share Tweet Google to promote e-commerce in Pakistan, says director Ann Lavin says her compan­y can assist Pakist­an in attrac­ting invest­ment By Tech Desk Published: January 12, 2017 0SHARES Share Tweet Email Google Director for Public Policy and Government Relations, Southeast Asia and Greater China Anne Lavin. PHOTO: PID Google Director for Public Policy and Government Relations for Southeast Asia and Greater China met Finance Minister Ishaq Dar in Islamabad on Thursday. “Google could play a role in promoting e-commerce in Pakistan,” Ann Lavin said. Acknowledging the economic progress the country has made in the last three years, Lavin said her company could play a role in IT development and promotion of e-commerce in the country. ‘Pakistani e-commerce expected to hit $1b by 2020’ While discussing the possibilities of her company’s collaboration in digitalisation of economic activity in the counter, the Google director said her company could also assist in attracting investment in Pakistan. On this occasion, Dar asked the Google director to submit a complete plan for implementation of these proposals so it could be considered by relevant stakeholders. The government is committed to providing a level playing field to all prospective local and foreign investors, he added. Women seek leadership in Pakistani startup culture Further, the minister said that Pakistan has been projected by renowned international institutions as the second best place for investment in the world, adding that the turnaround of Pakistan’s economy, macroeconomic stability, improvement of energy and security situation in the country has provided a conducive atmosphere for enhanced commercial activity and foreign direct investment while a number of new entrants have shown keen interest to invest in Pakistan’s IT sector as well. The meeting was also attended by the senior officials of the Finance Division and Google representatives. Read more: E-commerce , Google , Tech Read full story Recommended Stories Tech-savvy people drive growth momentum in hospitality industry Jovago portal says it is working to improve services, educating hotel owners 'Pakistani e-commerce expected to hit $1b by 2020' The seminar organised by Pakistan, was attended by a large number of WTO members and ambassadors Pakistan among five 'highly' cooperative countries in advancing China's connectivity plan China issues its first big data report on Belt and Road Initiative Facebook Conversations Leave Your Reply Below Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Email Location Your comments may appear in The Express Tribune paper. For this reason we encourage you to provide your city. The Express Tribune does not bear any responsibility for user comments. Notify me of followup comments via e-mail Comments are moderated and generally will be posted if they are on-topic and not abusive. For more information, please see our Comments FAQ. Most Read 1 In panic mode: PM battens down the hatches 2 Kareena, Karisma want this actor to marry cousin Ranbir 3 Man who ‘drowned’ taking a selfie returns home safe 4 Ayesha Mumtaz may be questioned over ‘corruption’ 5 Lindsay Lohan’s Instagram says ‘Alaikum Salam’ and people can’t handle it 6 Oops! Vin Diesel says Ranveer is Deepika's 'boyfriend' 7 Karan Johar opens on feud with Shah Rukh Khan 8 Karan Johar's memoir portrays Bollywood's darker side 9 IC-814 hijackers received strong Pakistan intelligence support: Doval 10 Two more tormentors of Tayyaba identified Connect With Tribune News Like Us On Facebook Follow Us On Twitter Get news delivered to your inbox Your Email Address Great! You'll get your first email soon. Recent Slideshows #Hamkey Go Black Tie #RIZJID The Night Away H20 Premier A Touch of Opulence More in TechnologyChina puts up Stop sign for Pokemon Go © 2017 The Express Tribune. Technical feedback? [email protected] Pakistan Sindh Punjab Balochistan KP & FATA Jammu & Kashmir Gilgit Baltistan Life & Style Books Music TV & Film Fashion Food Gossip Videos Slideshows Videos Opinion Editorial Letters A -- Z Blogs Business World Sports Technology Magazine WebChutney Others About us Online Advertising RSS Feeds Google+ Subscribe to the Paper Contact us Careers Style Guide Privacy Policy Copyrights Code of ethics This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, redistributed or derived from. Unless otherwise stated, all content is copyrighted © 2017 The Express Tribune. Technical feedback? [email protected] facebook twitter whatsapp
Search Reviews iPhone Android How To Reviews iPhone How To Auto About Best 11 Best Weight Loss Apps for 2017 Best iPhone 7 Cases Things Apple Watch Can Do Android Galaxy S7 20 Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Cases Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Deals 5 Best Galaxy S7 Battery Cases 8 Best Galaxy S7 Screen Protectors 8 Best Galaxy S7 Edge Screen Protectors 18 Best Galaxy S7 Edge Cases Deals 5 Best Android Smartphones Under $200 [2016] Best Cheap Android Smartphones [2017] 20 Best Google Pixel Cases Cory Gunther01/10/2017 The Google Pixel and Pixel XL are two popular smartphones with a lot to offer. Those who have one will need a case and some accessories. This is a high-end premium phone you’ll want to keep it protected. With that in mind, here we’ve round up the best Google Pixel and Pixel XL cases available. Advertisement Instead of a Nexus this year Google released two Pixel Phones. One with a 5-inch display and the XL with a big 5.5-inch Quad-HD screen. It’s an all metal phone, but there’s also glass on the back which is one of many reasons a case is recommended. Read: Google Pixel Review: A New Type of Android Below we’ve round up a list of some of the best Pixel cases from brands we know, use and trust. Additionally, these cases come right from Google, are available on Amazon, or are from other trusted outlets. Everything from unique artwork, simple TPU cases, hand-made wood cases, wallets and much more. Google made a few cases of their own at release, which is a growing trend. The company is offering live cases, places cases and other custom options. Alternatively, Google also has some fun colorful choices or polycarbonate hard shell covers. There are plenty of options for owners. As many buyers know, since they’re not made by Samsung or Apple there aren’t as many choices for accessories. That said, Google partnered with big brands to offer good protection. Buyers do have more choices than previous Nexus phones though. More importantly, as more options are released we’ll update with our favorites after they’ve been tested and approved. Advertisement In closing, your best bet is a case from the Google Store, Amazon, or from trusted brands. We’d recommend Spigen, Speck, Otterbox and others. We offer up great cases from all of those companies and more in our slideshow below. Check out these excellent cases and buy one today. Google Clear Case   1 / 20 First things first, getting a case from the phone maker themselves is typically the best route to take. And if you love the color of that really Blue Pixel or enjoy the two-tone back with the metal and glass design, you'll want a clear case. It doesn't look like much more than a standard TPU case, but it's actually made of a hard and durably polycarbonate plastic. Offering cutouts for all ports, buttons, sensors and more. This is a sleek and minimal way to protect the Pixel or XL. It's available now on the Google Store, but it's expensive.  Buy it from Google for $30   1 / 20 8 Responses 10/09/2016 Stacy Reply Anyone tried the DGtle Anti-Scratches Google Pixel Case? I want to get this one http://geozitcases.blogspot.co.il/2016/10/google-pixel-cases.html 10/15/2016 kevhuangkev Reply The CIMO case is only TPU. It does not have polycarbonate. I confirmed with CIMO directly. 10/26/2016 Jon Mikael Reply Thanks for the amazing list. You can also check these cases: http://android2u.com/best-google-pixel-cases/ Pixel is an amazing phone. You should protect it asap. 11/03/2016 Garyme Reply I’m using a case but not all the time.I use a protector from gaddgetshieldz. This will protect the entire device so this made me to use my case ocassional. http://www.gadgetshieldz.com/google-pixel-xl-screen-protector.html 11/03/2016 Bojana Brakus Reply After leaving my previous job 12 months ago, I’ve had some good luck to learn about this website which was a life-saver for me… They offer jobs for which people can work online from their house. My latest paycheck after working for them for 4 months was for $4500… Amazing thing about is that the only thing required is simple typing skills and access to internet.. Read more here USA Jobs Resort Info ….. 11/18/2016 Watcharapong Dokmai Reply try rhinoshield you will love it :) get it here >>> http://www.ebay.com/itm/201722023016 01/02/2017 Saira Reply Pixel Phones are now on sale at PixelPhoneDeals(.com 01/12/2017 chandanitnou Reply Thank for this information, here is another Best Google Pixel XL Cases (2017) https://goo.gl/97XdFL Leave a Reply Cancel Reply Your email address will not be published. Comment Name* Email* Website 27 Best iPhone 7 Cases 01/12/2017 Samsung Galaxy Marshmallow Update Info (2017) 01/11/2017
Collapse Expand Home Shop News Reviews Features Opinions Photos Videos Gadget Guru Cell Guru Prime Tech Smartphone Reviews Tech and Gadget Reviews How-To Videos Video Game Reviews and Features Top Lists by Gadgets 360 Unboxing and Hands-On Videos Hubs Apple Android BlackBerry Google Microsoft Nokia Samsung Sony Compare Mobiles Phone Finder DEALS Mobiles Tablets Apps Gaming Cameras PC/Laptops AUDIO/VIDEO How To Telecom Science INDIA INTERNET SOCIAL MEDIA WEARABLES हिंदी Home Wearables Wearables News Android Wear 2.0 Will Now Be Coming 'Early February', Email to Developers Reveals  Shekhar Thakran, 12 January 2017 Share on Facebook Tweet Share Share Email Reddit Highlights The wearable OS was earlier scheduled for release last year Google has been tipped to launch its two smartwatches this year Android Wear 2.0 brings along on-watch Google Play to the wearables The Android Wear 2.0 release, which was earlier scheduled for last year but then delayed to 'early 2017', will now be coming 'early February' as per the emails sent out by Google to app developers. The search giant has warned the developers whose apps are not compatible with Android Wear 2.0 to ensure that their applications are optimised for the next generation of its wearable OS. The search giant has reportedly sent out a warning saying that if the developer doesn't take the required action to optimise their applications, users will not be able to search and find their app in the on-watch Google Play app, as pointed out in a report by 9to5Google. The on-watch Google Play app is among the new additions in Android Wear 2.0 and allows users to find apps from their watch. With Android Wear 2.0, the apps on the wearable device can directly access the Internet using Wi-Fi, cellular or Bluetooth connectivity, without having to go through its smartphone app, as was required earlier. "This means your app can continue to offer full functionality even if the paired phone is far away or turned off," Google said in a statement when it showcased the OS at its I/O event last year. Apart from this, the new version of the wearable OS brings along new input methods, and a revamped notification centre. Users will further be able to dismiss notifications by swiping them left or right, unlike earlier. Other changes in Android Wear 2.0 include messaging and fitness tracking features on the wearables. Google has been tipped to launch two new smartwatches, which will run on Android Wear 2.0, and the February release for Android Wear 2.0 could possibly indicate a launch date for these smartwatches as well. As per recent reports, the smartwatches from Google will not be carrying Pixel or Google branding. Tags: Android Wear 2.0 Release, Google, Wearables, Smartwatches, Android, Android Wear Gionee Steel 2 Launched in China: Price, Release Date, Specifications, and More Android Wear 2.0 Will Now Be Coming 'Early February', Email to Developers Reveals     Advertisement   In Mobiles and Tablets Latest Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro Samsung Galaxy J2 Ace Swipe Konnect Grand Huawei P8 Lite (2017) HTC U Play Gionee Steel 2 HTC U Ultra Ziox Mobiles Astra Metal 4G Asus Zenfone Pegasus 3S Nokia 6 ZTE Blade V8 Samsung Galaxy J1 (4G) Coolpad Conjr Alcatel A3 XL Xolo Era 2X ZTE Blade V8 Pro Asus ZenFone AR Asus ZenFone 3 Zoom Samsung Galaxy A7 (2017) Samsung Galaxy A5 (2017) Popular OnePlus 3T Lenovo P2 iPhone 7 Google Pixel Google Pixel XL Motorola Moto Z Moto Z Play Lenovo K5 Note Xiaomi Redmi 3s HTC 10 OnePlus 3 Moto G4 Xiaomi Mi5 Galaxy J7 2016 Redmi Note 3 iPhone SE Sony Xperia Z5 Micromax phones Samsung phones Android Phones Smartphones Google Phones Nokia Phones Vivo V5 Xiaomi Redmi 3S Prime Latest Videos 03:13 360 Daily: Nintendo Switch, Nokia 6 Registrations, and More 03:16 How to Turn Off Push Notifications on Your Computer and Smartphone 03:46 Nintendo Switch: Five Things You Need To Know 02:38 How to Find Your Lost Smartphone 02:19 HTC U Ultra and HTC U Play First Look More Videos» OPINIONS ALL AUTHORS Rohan Naravane Why Any Modular Gadget Should Be Taken With a Pinch of Salt Akhil Arora How I Learned to Buy Less and Live More Gopal Sathe So, What's the Deal With These Convenience Fees? Advertisement Recent SpaceX Poised to Launch for First Time Since September Blast Moto G5, Moto G5 Plus Likely to Be Unveiled at February 26 MWC Event Nokia 6 Registration Crosses 500,000 Ahead of January 19 Flash Sale WhatsApp Denies Encrypted Messages Can Be Intercepted Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro With 5.7-Inch Super AMOLED Display Goes Official Microsoft Buys AI Firm in Virtual Assistant Battle With Amazon, Google LeEco Gets Fresh $2.18 Billion Investment From Property Developer Sunac Samsung Galaxy S8 to Sport Bezel-Less AMOLED Display, Tip Promo Videos Sony Entertainment CEO Exiting to Become Snap Chairman Samsung Galaxy J2 Ace With 4G VoLTE Support Launched in India More News TRENDING Lenovo P2 Launch, Airtel Payments Bank, and More News This Week Six Things You Need to Know About Resident Evil 7 Before Buying Reliance Jio Broadband Being Tested: What You Need to Know Samsung Galaxy J2 Ace With 4G VoLTE Support Launched in India Nokia to Unveil More Android Smartphones on February 26 250,000 Registrations in 24 Hours for Nokia 6's First Sale: Report Nokia 8 With 6GB of RAM, Snapdragon 835 Spotted in the Wild Lenovo K6 Note Review Nokia 6 Registration Crosses 500,000 Ahead of January 19 Flash Sale New Samsung Galaxy A Series Said to Go on Sale in Russia, Price Revealed Sitemaps Archives Advertise About Us Feedback Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Complaint Redressal Careers Contact Us RSS Ethics Gadgets Hindi © Copyright Red Pixels Ventures Limited 2017. All rights reserved.
Back Comprehensive, authoritative and easy to digest, Econsultancy’s award-winning research offers practical advice on all aspects of digital business, marketing and ecommerce. Subscribe Now Research Best Practice Best Practice Guides Elearning Analyst-led Roundtables Toolkits and Templates Market Data Internet Statistics Compendium Survey Reports Supplier Selection Supplier Directory RFPs Top 100 Digital Agencies Report Trends & Innovation Case Studies Database Digital Shift Trends Reports Browse all Research Research Best Practice Best Practice Guides Elearning Analyst-led Roundtables Toolkits and Templates Market Data Internet Statistics Compendium Survey Reports Supplier Selection Supplier Directory RFPs Top 100 Digital Agencies Report Trends & Innovation Case Studies Database Digital Shift Trends Reports Browse all Research Channels Advertising Content Customer Experience Data & Analytics Ecommerce Email & eCRM Mobile Search Marketing Social Strategy & Operations B2B Innovation & Trends Econsultancy subscriptions are designed to help individuals and teams make the most of digital. Find out more Subscriber Research & Data Featured 10 mind-boggling digital marketing stats from this week 13 Jan 2017 Digital transformation in the Premier League: Southampton FC's fan-first strategy 11 Jan 2017 Cart abandonment emails: Creating content that maximises conversions 10 Jan 2017 More from our Blog Econsultancy Newsletter Our market-leading Daily Pulse newsletter is an invaluable source for digital and ecommerce analysis, inspiration and learning. View a sample Daily Pulse Latest digital marketing and ecommerce insight from multi- award-winning team of analysts and experts. Popular blog tags More from our Blog Blog Future of Digital Marketing London The Digitals Awards Ceremony Festival of Marketing Events Types Conferences Digital Shift Awards Roundtables Webinars Event Types Conferences Digital Shift Awards Roundtables Webinars Find out more Digital Cream Econsultancy's Digital Cream is one of the landmark industry moderated roundtable events for marketers. Sydney, September 2017 Singapore, November 2017 Festival of Marketing London, October 2016 The Masters of Marketing Awards London, October 2016 Featured Events View all Events Econsultancy regularly hosts exciting and informative events for multi-disciplines all over the globe. Find out more Events Public Training Courses Custom Training Elearning Digital Skills Index Training Navigator Public Training Courses Regular training courses run globally for individuals across all digital topics including Search, Ecommerce, Email, Analytics and more. Custom Training Your team is not like any other. You're addressing specific challenges and opportunities with a particular skill set. That's where our bespoke, in-company digital training comes in. Elearning Econsultancy's elearning modules offer a comprehensive and convenient introduction to core digital marketing and ecommerce skills when you or your team need to get up to speed quickly. Digital Skills Index Lite Identify your knowledge gaps and compare yourself with your peers. Training Navigator Find the ideal training course for you. Featured Training Fast Track Digital Marketing Fast Track Digital Marketing - New York Programmatic View all Training Courses Up-to-date and relevant training from our passionate researchers, analysts, consultants and practitioners. Find out more Training Econsultancy's Digital Transformation programme helps companies identify the gaps between where they are and where they need to be, then closes them. Find out more Digital Skills Assessment Identify your team’s knowledge gaps and get benchmarked against others in your industry. Digital Maturity Audit Uncover areas of weaknesses in your digital capabilities with a clear scoring framework to address these factors. Econsultancy's Digital Transformation helps the world's biggest brands accelerate their journey to digital excellence. Find out more Transformation Jobs Find a Supplier Search our directory containing profiles of organisations, including agencies, consultancies, technology vendors, freelancers and contractors, who provide digital marketing or ecommerce services, solutions or technology. Add your Supplier Profile To get found and noticed you’ll need a Full Profile. Get a Full Profile today and you could benefit from up to 400 leads per year. Supplier Selection Our Research Buyer's Guides, RFPs and Agency Top 100 to help you find a supplier. Advice If you're transforming your organisation's digital capabilities, skills and resources, talk to us. Econsultancy's Supplier Directory contains over 2,000 suppliers and is growing all the time. Find Out More Supplier Directory Blog Email Marketing Twitter Facebook Events Conferences Awards Roundtables Digital Shift Webinars Briefings Social Events Training Public Training Courses Custom Training Elearning Digital Skills Index More Transformation Supplier Directory Press Releases About Econsultancy Contact Us More Log In Email Password Remember me I've forgotten my password or need to reset it Not registered with us? Register for free In: Back {{ filter.name }} ({{ filter.count | formatThousends }}) Filter by: Back {{ searchResult.type }} {{ searchResult.published_at | date:'d MMMM yyyy' }} Show more Loading ... {{ item.title }} {{ item.short_summary }} {{ em.name }}{{ $last ? '' : ',' }} Show more Loading ... Enter a search term such as “mobile analytics” or browse our content using the filters above. That’s not only a poor Scrabble score but we also couldn’t find any results matching “”. Check your spelling or try broadening your search. Sorry about this, there is a problem with our search at the moment. Please try again later. You are here: Blog Share 12 January, 2017 My nightmare trying to understand header bidding By Ben Davis @ Econsultancy 3 comments I tried to understand header bidding in programmatic advertising, but I hit a brick wall of incomprehension. I got completely confused reading about how real-time bidding (RTB) works. I understand the theory and the different components of the RTB ecosystem, but after reading countless articles it seems that the reality is a complete mess. And a thoroughly Kafkaesque mess at that. Okay, this isn't exactly news, but I thought that rather than write about header bidding, it might be more interesting to write the story of a layman trying to understand it all. This much I knew Real-time bidding is the process of selling advertising space via an open ad exchange auction. These open auctions are where publishers often sell their less valuable inventory, after the more sought after spots have been sold directly to preferred advertisers (through programmatic direct, private marketplaces or preferred deal). For a simple explanation of real-time bidding and programmatic direct, you can check out Christopher Ratcliff's Beginners Guide. Essentially, RTB allows advertisers to bid on different users (from pre-defined demographics) that pitch up at different types of web content. Successful bidders pay the second highest price (so they don't lose out if they bid far more than everyone else) and their adverts are served to the user. This much, I knew. And it made sense to me. Don't go chasing waterfalls But when I tried to read up on the inefficiencies of RTB (which led to the development of header bidding), things started to get confusing. Lots of people seemed to mention an inefficient waterfall process, whereby unsold inventory is offered by the ad server to one ad exchange after another, the top-ranked one first (estimating what the exchange can bring in), then passed down to lower ranked exchanges if the inventory is not sold. This ranking of so-called 'demand sources' is apparently one of the problems with traditional RTB. This ranking doesn't take real-time demand into account, so the low-ranked exchanges, though perhaps smaller, may have stumped up a higher bid (and so publishers lose out). Google's Doubleclick for Publishers is a commonly used ad server, which gives priority to (surprise, surprise) Google's ad exchange, AdX, which can pip other bidders. Conceptually, I understand this, but then I thought, what about supplier side platforms (SSPs), where do they come in? But what about SSPs? It was my understanding that SSPs were designed to offer publisher inventory to multiple ad exchanges and provide tools with which they can optimise their yield. SSPs are meant to make everything easier. So, why all this waterfalling and inefficiency? I delved into definitions and more theories and found that publishers not only have waterfalls of ad exchanges, but they waterfall SSPs, too. This seems like complicated madness. Publishers push inventory through their first SSP at a high price, dropping the price if it doesn't sell and pushing through the next SSP. Aside from the publisher-side headache of cascading bids through these multiple SSPs (which were supposed to simplify things), there's the slightly dubious idea that the exact same inventory is priced differently depending on where an advertiser buys it. If I'm honest, at this point I was still a bit confused about what was an SSP and what was an ad exchange. SSPs are routinely referred to as 'demand sources' (I thought they were for selling?) and I had to do plenty of Googling to find out how certain platforms are described. As those in the know will tell you, there is now little differentiation between SSPs and ad exchanges. They both aggregate inventory, but the difference is that SSPs should put more focus on publisher value. However, each adtech platform out there has sought to add functionality, meaning that SSPs and ad exchanges are almost the same thing. Ad exchanges included SSP functionality - Google's ad exchange did this back in 2011 (rolling SSP Admeld into its platform). So, the bottom line is that SSPs are just like ad exchanges, and they don't offer complete access to the market, because all the different SSPs are competing and want to protect their demand sources, which fragments everything. Hang on, you still haven't told us what header bidding is!? Header bidding is some extra JavaScript that allows buyers and ad exchanges to submit their bids before page load, hence before the ad server is called. So, all the bids come in at the same time and this can mean a higher price is achieved. The publishers can even let the open exchange beat a direct-sold impression, if the price fits.  There's a debate about whether header bidding decreases or increases latency - its advocates say that because all bids come in at the same time, there's less chance of a time-out (when the publisher would fill the spot with its own internal ads). However, others think header bidding increases complexity and also latency (notably Google, which doesn't exactly stand to benefit from header bidding, given it breaks the dominance of AdX). Google is fighting back though Google has rolled out First Look as its own attempt to solve the same problem as header bidding does. Publishers using the Doubleclick ad server can use its Dynamic Allocation tool to see in real-time how much media buyers within the Google ecosystem are willing to pay for an impression. What's my overall feeling after such a nightmare? SSPs should talk to each other, but they don't and that's a problem for publishers who want to make the most of their inventory. Some very brief thoughts on my nightmare: Why aren't adtech companies better at explaining what they are and how the process works? Perhaps they don't want to confuse people. I realise that the internet isn't really a democracy, but until some of these processes are replaced by a more elegant solution, doesn't the complexity mean that bad practices take longer to come to light? How can we expect fraud and viewability to be tackled without greater integration? There's a skills shortage in programmatic - the industry needs to get better at explaining all this stuff. No wonder publishers are investigating bespoke and native formats. A big caveat: My knowledge is limited. That's the whole point of this article. If, reader, you find any errors in what I have written above, please set me straight in the comments below. For more on this topic, check out these Econsultancy resources: The CMO's Guide to Programmatic Programmatic Training Course Published 12 January, 2017 by Ben Davis @ Econsultancy Ben Davis is a senior writer at Econsultancy. He lives in Manchester, England. You can contact him at ben.davis@econsultancy.com, follow at @herrhuld or connect via LinkedIn. 920 more posts from this author 3 comments Programmatic, Header Bidding, Advertising Comments (3) Kenneth Teh, Investment Associate at Fast-Track I think you've just gotten your first taste of the complicated mess that is AdTech! In a fragmented industry, there's a lot of competition in overlapping niches, and those points of overlap tend to generate a mismatch in definitions. So you'll find that a lot of debates aren't true debates because each side simply defines their argument differently in order to market their product - in short, they DO want to confuse people, because confused people are easy to sell to. In general, the complexity in terminology comes from a couple of sources: 1) Ad Tech IS complicated. 2)Buzz words: i) Market entrants have to choose to associate with buzz words so that others in the ecosystem understand them. ii) Even when their technology doesn't allow them to perform a certain function necessary to the definition, they have to include it just to compete in the same space (see DSPANs in China). Oh, and if this is helpful, I pasted in my own notes on Header Bidding: Header Bidding Before, publishers have managed their programmatic yield by daisy chaining sources in a waterfall structure: Publishers offer impressions in one sales channel, and if buyers don’t bite, they push them down to other, less valuable channels until someone makes a bid. Side note on why SSPs don't currently maximize yield Problem with SSPs: each SSP only has access to some demand sources Enter header bidding Header bidding, also known as advance bidding or pre-bidding, is an advanced programmatic technique wherein publishers offer inventory to multiple ad exchanges simultaneously before making calls to their ad servers (mostly DoubleClick for Publishers). The idea is that by letting multiple demand sources bid on the same inventory at the same time, publishers increase their yield and make more money. Header Bidding: combining their inventory into a single server-side supply The website publisher places some JavaScript in the website’s header. When a page on the site is loaded, the code reaches out to the supported ad exchanges or supply side platforms (SSPs) for bids before its own ad server’s direct sales are called. Bidding is essentially simultaneous, instead of sequential, and focuses on all available impressions, not just the ones available after direct sales. If they want, publishers can also allow the winning bid to compete with the prices available from the direct-sold ads. Problems with Header Bidding Beyond being a complicated setup to implement, the biggest issue with header bidding is what it can do to publishers’ page load times. Traditional SSPs are losing out Rubicon is struggling while other SSPs are benefiting because of its business model. It initially signed premium publishers to 18-month contracts guaranteeing that Rubicon would see most of the publishers’ impressions. Competing SSPs would get leftovers in a waterfall-style setup. With the rise of header bidding, SSPs may evolve so much they no longer resemble SSPs. To differentiate themselves, some may look to automating orders. OpenX and Rubicon Project are in that camp, for example. Basically 1. Without header bidding a. Adserver receives call b. First direct sales are called c. Remnant spots are passed through programmatic waterfall of SSPs/exchanges 2. With header bidding, a. Adserver receives call b. Bids are simultaneously solicited programmatically http://digiday.com/publishers/wtf-header-bidding/ http://marketingland.com/martech-landscape-what-is-header-bidding-and-why-should-publishers-care-157065 Google and Header Bidding Direct Sales tend to be higher yielding, but publishers were able to sell some inventory through Google's Dynamic Allocation at higher prices Most of the time, in-house sales forces sell ads at a higher price than ads sold programmatically (using ad tech to make the buying process automated.) However, there are occasions when ad tech can win out because they use cookies to build profiles on users based on their browsing behavior. Users that have previously been searching for vacations in Barbados are hugely valuable to travel companies, who are willing to bid a lot of money to serve ads to them. But a publisher’s salesforce might not even know they have been visiting the site. That’s where ad tech can win. And publishers win too, because they sell their ads at a higher price. The problem for ad tech, when it came to DFP, was that only Google’s AdX was being able to compete with the internal sales-forces for those audiences. Google’s AdX didn’t let outside companies enter bids for those impressions. Everyone else had to wait for a slot that became available after the direct deals were sold. Ad tech companies figured out a workaround. They asked publishers to insert a special piece of code into the header of their web pages that sent out the ad request before Google’s DFP could take a look. (Header Bidding) Now, Google has opened up Dynamic Allocation to other (reputable) exchanges/demand sources. This means that publishers can now open bidding to multiple sources without a header bidder. (April 2016) Read more at http://www.businessinsider.sg/header-bidding-was-the-latest-trend-in-ad-tech-designed-to-take-on-google-now-google-has-effectively-stamped-it-out-2016-4/#64yv15KeBhAYS0M2.99 3 days ago Ben Davis, Senior Writer at EconsultancyStaff Thanks Kenneth. Think your own notes cover the same ground as my article, but I loved your opening gambit about confusion in the adtech world. Thanks for commenting. 3 days ago Matt Lovell, Head of Group Analytics & Digital Insight at Thomas Cook Group AirlinesEnterprise I'm completely with Kenneth on his point that "in short, they DO want to confuse people, because confused people are easy to sell to." Unfortunately from my perspective, this is one of the biggest problems with Programmatic. Yes there are technical complications and competing parties are making live difficult but not working together or in an aligned way however the bigger issue is that most of the people within the programmatic world appreciate that the outputs of their efforts don't work that effectively (in much the same way as any other online display activity) - hence the easiest way to convince clients it's essential to them is over complicate it and ensure that there is a belief that it's the complicated nature of the beast that makes it work so well! 2 days ago Comment 
 Log in or sign up to post this comment Send me notifications of follow up comments Save or Cancel Insight delivered daily to your inbox Our market-leading Daily Pulse newsletter is an invaluable source for digital and ecommerce analysis, inspiration and learning. Advertise here » Posts trending now Cart abandonment emails: Creating content that maximises conversions 5 days ago Five things to include in your digital transformation playbook 5 days ago Five issues which keep ecommerce managers up at night 3 days ago Enjoying this article? Get more just like this, delivered to your inbox. Keep up to date with the latest analysis, inspiration and learning from the Econsultancy blog with our free Daily Pulse newsletter. Each weekday, you ll receive a hand-picked digest of the latest and greatest articles, as well as snippets of new market data, best practice guides and trends research. Most Popular Research Template Files for Digital Marketing and Web Projects Internet Statistics Compendium Checkout Optimization Guide: 70 Ways to Increase Conversion Rates Popular Report Topics Organic/Natural Search (SEO) Social Ecommerce User Experience and Usability Popular Training Topics User Experience and Usability Social Ecommerce Email Marketing Affiliate Marketing Popular Event Topics Organic/Natural Search (SEO) Social Multichannel Marketing User Experience and Usability Ecommerce More Blog Events Training Supplier Directory About Us Our Team Marketing Solutions Clients Contact Privacy & Cookies Policy Website Terms and Conditions Site Map Copyright © 2017 Econsultancy.com Limited. All rights reserved. This material is for personal use only. Use of this website constitutes acceptance of the Website Terms and Conditions and Privacy & Cookies Policy. Part of
//><!-- (function(){var e=['header','nav','section','article','aside','footer','hgroup'];for(var i=0;i<e.length;i++)document.createElement(e[i]);}()); //--><! Skip to main content area Main menu HR Payroll Recruitment Timesheeting Training Marketing Email Marketing SEO Social Media Content Management E-commerce Finance Accounting Budgeting Compliance Invoicing Risk Management Sales & CRM Business Plan Presentation CRM Live Chat Contact Centre Collaboration Document Management Email Project Management Webinar Workflow Productivity Leadership Cloud Essentials Risks SLAs Business Intelligence More IT & Infrastructure Operations Search Search Secondary menu News Reviews Features Case Studies Insight Newsletter Innovation at work Panel UK Cloud Awards Whitepapers Sections Home » Public Cloud » Google Cloud launches beta of key management system Google Cloud launches beta of key management system Clare Hopping News 12 Jan, 2017 facebook twitter google+ Google Cloud Key Management Service will let developers manage keys in the cloud or on-premise Google has launched the beta version of Google Cloud Key Management Service, which will enable its customers to choose whether Google manages their server-side keys automatically or developers manage them on-premise. "With the introduction of Cloud KMS, GCP now offers a full range of encryption key management options, allowing you to choose the right security solution for your use-case based on the nature of your data (e.g., is there financial, personal health, private individual, military, government, confidential or sensitive data?) and whether you want to store keys in the cloud or on-premise," Maya Kaczorowski, product manager, explained. She said Google wants to offers its customers the tools to help them choose how to manage their cloud-based keys whether that's having Cloud Storage manage server-side encryption keys on their behalf or manage the keys themselves. It also provides an alternative to custom-built and ad-hoc key management systems that are more difficult to maintain because they don't necessarily use a standardised structure, said Kaczorowski. Google's option not only makes it simpler to manage keys compared to other tools, but also enables developers to create, use, rotate, and destroy keys using the company's own API. "With the launch of Cloud KMS, Google has addressed the full continuum of encryption and key management use cases for GCP customers," Garrett Bekker, principal security analyst at 451 Research, commented. "Cloud KMS fills a gap by providing customers with the ability to manage their encryption keys in a multi-tenant cloud service, without the need to maintain an on-premise key management system or HSM.” Google Cloud Key Management Service is available now as a beta in the majority of Google's Cloud regions. Read more about: Public Cloud View the discussion thread. Featured Whitepapers Popular Music streaming grows 68% in 2016 Public Cloud The power of now: Enhancing user experiences Marketing The IT Director&#039;s guide to simplifying tech Leadership Unleashing your business creativity with the cloud Leadership Dropbox joins forces with Intel to provide enhanced security Collaboration Featured content Box Q&A: New Europe chief talks Brexit and sharing data In-depth How Everbridge saved South Western Ambulance Service £80,000 Case Studies Citrix Podio review Reviews Only 13% of UK workers trust the US for storing data News How to turn your old laptop into a Chromebook for free Tutorials Contact us Dennis Publishing Editorial Offices 30 Cleveland Street London, W1T 4JD T: +44 (0)20 7907 6000 Connect with us Linkedin Twitter Facebook Useful links HR Marketing Finance Sales & CRM Collaboration Leadership Business Intelligence More Contact us About us Company Website Feeds Privacy Notice Authors Sitemap Our Websites Auto Express Evo IT Pro Coach Micro Mart Alphr Know Your Mobile Classic & Performance Car Expert Reviews Channel Pro Digital SLR Photography Den of Geek The Week Computer Shopper Magazines Health & Fitness CarBuyer Cloud Pro MagBooks Cyclist © Copyright Dennis Publishing Limited. Cloud Pro is a trademark of Felix Dennis. Jobs Media Information Subscription Enquires Books Apps Your Online Choices
Insurance Journal Insurance Journal TV Academy of Insurance MyNewMarkets.com Carrier Management Featured Stories Smart Appliance Privacy Questioned Waivers of Subrogation Are Like Onions Manage Interruptions to Boost Productivity Illinois High Court Clarifies Sidewalk Snow ... Front Page Most Popular Topics Workers' Comp Property Liability Auto Adjusters Fraud Claims and Costs Loss Control More Topics Jobs Events Resources Research Buyers Guide Disaster Guide Forensics Guide All Guides CE Requirements Weather Map Blogs Videos/Podcasts Newsletters Forget Cell Phone Spying, Smart Appliance Privacy Questioned By BREE FOWLER and MAE ANDERSON | January 12, 2017 Email This Print Newsletters Tweet Article Comments Alexa, are you spying on me? It’s a fair question in light of attempts by authorities investigating the slaying of an Arkansas man to obtain voice recordings collected by an Amazon Echo speaker and its Alexa digital assistant. Yet the popularity and capabilities of voice-enabled products such as the Echo continue to grow. At the CES gadget show in Las Vegas, which opened Thursday, Whirlpool, Samsung and other manufacturers are unveiling new ways to use voice services to control laundry machines, refrigerators and other home systems. Consumers are apparently willing to trade a certain amount of privacy for convenience. So what exactly is being collected, stored or shared ? To work, the Echo is always listening. Once it hears someone utter a keyword, such as “Alexa,” it shares what it hears with Amazon’s servers to process a response. Those conversations are then stored indefinitely. Google’s Home speaker works in a similar fashion. The Echo “has to listen to everything. That’s kind of disturbing,” said Ryan O’Leary, vice president of WhiteHat Security’s threat research center. “It doesn’t capture voice until it hears the keyword, but it could. You’re trusting the devices to not do that, but it’s entirely possible.” In the Arkansas case, authorities investigating the death of a man found floating face-up in a hot tub at a friend’s home requested the contents of the home’s Echo and Amazon’s stored recordings in hopes they might contain evidence. The friend is charged with murder. A judge has signed off on the search, but Amazon has balked. Amazon has declined to comment specifically on the case but said the company objects to “overbroad or otherwise inappropriate demands as a matter of course.” Some experts worry that allowing such a search would erode people’s privacy. “It’s not necessarily a direct threat for the average person, but the same thing can be said with any kind of privacy concern,” O’Leary said. “People say you shouldn’t be concerned if you’re not doing anything wrong, but that’s a dangerous precedent to set.” Meanwhile, companies keep asking consumers to invite them into their homes. Whirlpool is adding Alexa voice control to its smart-home appliances, including a washing machine, a stove and a refrigerator. Someone can instruct the oven to pre-heat to 400 degrees by speaking a command to an Alexa-enabled device, such as the Echo. Simplehuman has a voice-activated trash can, and GE Lighting has a table lamp using Alexa voice control. For now, voice control is mainly an add-on feature rather than a core component of gadgets. It’s there for those who want to use it, but it’s not essential for the product to function. Many manufacturers are opting to use Amazon’s Alexa service for now, though some are embracing voice systems from Google, Apple or Samsung. Nvidia’s Shield TV streaming device, for instance, employs Google’s Assistant service so viewers can control video playback or find out the weather with just a voice command. Meanwhile, Samsung’s new Family Hub lets people use their voice to add items to shopping lists and order groceries online. CES chief economist Shawn DuBravac said as many as 700 companies could announce Alexa-integrated products during the gadget show, on top of more than 1,500 existing ones. As the smart home becomes more entrenched, DuBravac said, voice control could change the way we interact with technology in much the way the mouse did in the 1980s. “Connected microphones are starting to appear in everything from cars to children’s toys,” said James Plouffe, lead solutions architect at mobile-security company MobileIron. “Consumers should think carefully about how comfortable they are with the prospect of a live mic in common household items.” Because Amazon says it uses information gathered by the Echo to improve its voice technology, that information has the potential to “live forever” online, Plouffe said. The issue first grabbed headlines a couple of years ago, after Samsung said sensitive conversations could be captured by its voice-controlled smart TVs. Based on the flood of new voice-controlled gadgets headed to market, tech companies are betting that consumers will get over their fears. Derrick Dicol, executive director of Comcast’s Xfinity home, which uses voice controls in its home automation products, noted that people had to get used to sharing their banking information online. “This is less invasive than that,” he said. “It’s just a different thing people have to feel comfortable with.” (Bree Fowler reported from New York.) Copyright 2017 Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Email This Print Newsletters Tweet Categories: National News Topics: Alexa digital assistant, privacy concern, smart appliances Have a news tip? Email us at newsdesk@claimsjournal.com « Previous articleMontana Bill Recommends Leaving Air Ambulance Patients out of Cost Negotiations Next article »Business News: Confie, Ringler Associates, V3 Insurance Partners, TriageLogic Advertisers See Comments (0)Add a Comment Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Name * Email * Website Comment Notify me of comments via e-mail More News Inland Flooding Leads List of Climate Disasters That Cost $46B in 2016 Forget Cell Phone Spying, Smart Appliance Privacy Questioned Falsified Medical Certificates Threaten 6,600 Trucker Driver Licenses U.S. Seeing Increasingly Large-Scale Tornado Outbreaks Steep Rise in Sea Levels Could Result From Changing Antarctic Waters Assurant: Smart Home Hacking Risks Concern Consumers ‘Smart Stores’ Will Have Robots, Interactive Shelves and Mirrors Northern U.S. Facing Greater Risk of FloodingMore News Features Sign up to get news! Follow Claims Journal Most Popular Now This Week Commented Lemonade Boasts Claims Settlement Speed Record, AI Jim Answers Questions Alaska Officials Find No Sign of Fukushima-Related Radiation in Seafood Guilty Plea for Former Engineering Firm Exec in Sandy Insurance Case Forget Cell Phone Spying, Smart Appliance Privacy Questioned New Jersey Family Sues After Boy's Toes Amputated in Escalator Accident Digital Trends Impacting Insurance Claims Departments in 2017 Lemonade Boasts Claims Settlement Speed Record, AI Jim Answers Questions Hot Yoga Founder Ordered to Give up Income to Pay for Sex Harrassment Lawsuit Guilty Plea for Former Engineering Firm Exec in Sandy Insurance Case Steep Rise in Sea Levels Could Result From Changing Antarctic Waters Steep Rise in Sea Levels Could Result From Changing Antarctic Waters | Comments (1) NICB Warns Puffing Could Lead to Fine | Comments (1) Falsified Medical Certificates Threaten 6,600 Trucker Driver Licenses | Comments (1) Federal Appeals Court Finds Luxury Condo Owner's Suit Filed too Late Against Insurer | Comments (0) BMW Will Deploy Self-Driving 7-Series on Roads This Year | Comments (0) More Top Stories Research and White Papers Have a news tip? Tell us. Claims Weather Map Claims Videos and Podcasts Claims Journal's Top 5 Trending Stories of 2016Watch Now Pros and Cons of Technology in ClaimsWatch Now Reader Poll Insurance Journal Books Claims News Latest News Most Popular News News by Topic Yesterday Site Search Features Claims Jobs Industry Events Buyers Guide Newswire Connect with us Email Newsletters For Your Website RSS Feeds Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Claims Journal Submit News Advertise Subscribe Contact Us Link to Us Magazines Wells Media Group Network Insurance Journal MyNewMarkets.com Insurance Journal TV Academy of Insurance Carrier Management © 2017 by Wells Media Group, Inc. Privacy Policy | Terms & Conditions | Site Map
Home Business All Companies Enterprise Comms Start-ups Discovery All Innovation Machines Earth Science Careers All Advice People Employers Jobs Life All Trending Gear Play Video All More Subscribe Advertise About Contact us BUSINESS DISCOVERY CAREERS LIFE VIDEO MORE Tweet Share Email ALL COMPANIES ENTERPRISE COMMS START-UPS It’s time to return the hamburger menu to sender Brexit’s drying up of talent pool a major worry in UK Win tickets to Inspirefest 2017 – and an added surprise Last few super early bird tickets available for Inspirefest 2017 Hazel Moore: Banks are completely wasting valuable customer data The danger of pushing design decisions downstream Weekend takeaway: Super, scientific, bright, young things Is Google planning a 400-job expansion for Dublin? Leaders’ Insights: Aisling Curtis, Microsoft Ireland Apple will soon have earned $1trn from iOS devices since 2007 Android Wear 2.0 out soon, ahead of two new smartwatch releases Samsung says 96pc of all Galaxy Note7 devices have been returned The five-minute CIO: Richard Corbridge, HSE Backdoor found in WhatsApp encryption that allows snooping (updated) iPhone cracking firm Cellebrite has been hacked Fortress Europe: EU transport networks vulnerable to cyberattacks Users beware: Your browser’s autofill opens you up to phishing danger Adobe and Microsoft release wave of 2017 security patches Google ditches internet-supplying drone project, sticks with balloons SFI-funded team named as part of €5m EU 5G broadband project New EU telecoms privacy rules will hit Facebook and Google in pocket Nokia to develop 5G in France through R&D pact with B-com State of the Irish broadband nation 2017: Let’s declare broadband access a human right €2.2m scheme to bring 26,000 Irish citizens into the digital world Fintech start-up Flender achieves £500,000 crowdfunding target Drone start-up ceases operations despite €34m in pre-orders Opsh founders step aside, citing a ‘notoriously difficult investment chasm’ New Irish start-up fund seeking entrepreneurs from ‘all sectors’ Start-up Advice: Síofra Flood, consultant COO and general counsel Venture capital stalled: Deals and dollars plummet in 2016 ALL INNOVATION MACHINES EARTH SCIENCE Doodling and maths: A matter of black and white Can you divide up the music budget evenly using maths? Ireland’s Edge line-up revealed ahead of Dingle STEAM showcase A game of two halves, but maths will be the real winner Can you logic your way to €1m? Lies, Boolean logic and crime scenes: Chapter One BTYSTE day 4: Young scientists use Lego and deep neural networks to solve problems The future is secure in the hands of 2017’s Young Scientist winner BTYSTE day 3: Li-Fi, tractor safety and an investigation of HPV vaccine side effects Physics industry worth €38bn per year to Irish economy, claims body Watch: Ruby seadragons filmed in the wild for first time Rogue 9: New simulation suggests distant origin of ‘Planet 9’ Och AI: Will machines ever really decipher Scottish or Irish accents? IoT global round-up: China hits the road, 5G studies speed up EU backs report calling for robot civil law, but also kill switches Why storing renewable energy is critical US fighter jets drop self-healing micro-drones in field test Beijing KFC using facial recognition tech to predict your order How many people could live on Earth? Forget a climate shift in centuries, more like decades, climatologists claim WeForest doubles crowdfunding target to empower Indian village World awaits birth of ‘baby dragons’ in Slovenia Gold and platinum discovered in south-east Irish streams The bees are still in trouble, so we are too ALL ADVICE PEOPLE EMPLOYERS JOBS What will career development look like in 2017? Law Society of Ireland launches course on social media Find out how your companies’ diversity programmes are working out ICT sector will see pay increases and bonuses in 2017 Are tech professionals the most mobile workforce in the world? Is 2017 the year to make a change in your career? We can help 8 ways you can manage your time better 4 ways to make sure your skills are future-proof How to build your confidence before an interview Project management in the 21st century 10 simple steps to help you get a pay rise So you want to be an astronaut Head Stemette Anne-Marie Imafidon honoured with MBE Is unconscious bias keeping you from the best talent? Learn how to combat it Video game developer Brianna Wu plans to run for US Congress Designing a runway revolution: ‘To go viral, you need a virus’ 10 Twitter influencers you need to follow for expert career advice 30 incredible Irish people leading a European invasion Aerie Pharmaceuticals is to create 50 new jobs in Athlone What kind of UX jobs can I get? Amazon to deliver 100,000 new US jobs in the next 18 months Video sharing start-up Overcast to create 70 jobs at Irish HQ Does cybersecurity have the most dangerous talent gap? Salaries set to rise in Ireland as IT and pharma sectors continue to grow ALL GEAR PLAY TRENDING Deaths in 2016 dominated Wikipedia’s top 10 list of edits this year Twitter tweaks tweets: Search results to be displayed by relevance Facebook will now notify you when it thinks you’re looking at fake news Facebook creates Parents Portal to help keep children safe online 2016 Google Year in Search: What did Ireland search this year? ISPCC warning: ‘Cyber safety is the child protection issue of our time’ Consumer Reports recommends MacBook Pro again after bug fix WhatsApp’s arduous path to GIF support nears completion HTC U Ultra and U Play phones a notable shift for flagging company Razer triple-screen laptop prototypes stolen from CES Kingston crams 2TB of storage into single USB thumb drive Possible Apple ‘theatre mode’ could help people use phones in cinemas Irish release date for Nintendo Switch revealed, but price could be an issue Harry’s back and he’s all fired up with ‘PizzaBot: Reheated’ Netflix arrives as an app on Virgin TV boxes with 6-month offer Fallout 4 fan spots peculiar stock footage in a CNN Russian hack story 15 fantastic shows to binge on over the holidays Social saves the radio star: Facebook reveals Live Audio platform ’Tis the season: Google celebrates with festive Doodles First day of winter celebrated with solstice Google Doodle 5 last-minute stocking fillers for Christmas Where was every Star Wars movie filmed? This map reveals all Trump, Enda, Brady and Bowie dominate Facebook in 2016 Adele and Conor McGregor star in top trending videos of 2016 ALL Competitive Start Fund can be a turning point for start-ups Look what a little love for Irish research can achieve Poornima Vijayashanker on why it’s good to be the ‘token’ in the boardroom Diverse teams at PwC offer great learning opportunities Help Huawei create the video of the future Marketing’s greatest trick is embracing storytelling ADVERTISE SUBSCRIBE CONTACT ABOUT COMPANIES Android Wear 2.0 out soon, ahead of two new smartwatch releases by Gordon Hunt 3 days ago9 Shares Image: francemora/Shutterstock Two Google smartwatches are expected in the next couple of months and, with the company releasing Android Wear 2.0 in February, could the industry actually wake up? Just before Christmas, Google revealed plans for two new smartwatches in the early months of 2017, neither of which would have Google or Pixel branding. The manufacturer wasn’t named, though the relationship is likened to Google’s Nexus smartphone programme. Now that developers have been tipped off about an imminent Android Wear 2.0 release, things are kicking off. As reported by Android Police, the notice sent to developers “lists any apps they have that are using the legacy APK installation mechanism”. The February release of Wear 2.0 will see an on-watch Play Store, which supports stand-alone apps that don’t need a phone companion. Developers with apps using a legacy embedded APK mechanism have been warned to update their products ASAP. The releases have the potential to breathe new life into the industry, though smartwatches don’t appear to be the answer. Although the market has improved year-on-year, up a modest 3pc, Apple – the obvious proponent of smartwatches over trackers – has seen its market share fall through the floorboards. Despite this, the number of companies showing off their wearable wares at CES this year actually rose. According to The Irish Times, that doesn’t include only fitness trackers and smartwatches; there are sleep trackers, health-focused wearables and other sensors entering the mix. “If it moves, the motto appears to be, put a tracker on it. And if it doesn’t move, put a tracker on it to find out why, and what it’s actually doing,” reads the report. For Google, releasing two products is quite a gamble, considering that Fitbit’s limited fitness tracker remains the dominant form in the market. “It’s still early days, but we’re already seeing a notable shift in the market,” said Jitesh Ubrani, senior research analyst for IDC, last December. “Where smartwatches were once expected to take the lead, basic wearables now reign supreme.” Related: Google, Android, wearables Gordon Hunt is a journalist at Siliconrepublic.com editorial@siliconrepublic.com You May Also Like You May Also Like Companies Google releasing two Android Wear devices in coming months 23 Dec 201613 Shares Hiring Now Join us to create the technology of tomorrow Work smarter, live better A dynamic and rapidly expanding company Innovation for mobility and the internet of things Gear Daydream VR headset ‘Made by Google’ to be launched 4 Oct 201613 Shares Machines Google wants to make AI smarter with your bad doodles 16 Nov 201625 Shares SUBSCRIBE TO OUR E-ZINE Sign up to receive weekly alerts bringing the best of Siliconrepublic.com straight to your inbox. Submit Email Enterprise Both Apple and Google cooperate with Russia in removing LinkedIn app 6 days ago96 Shares Business Apple loses smartphone market share as Android figures swell 4 Nov 201613 Shares Gear Google merge of Chrome OS and Android into Andromeda ramps up 27 Sep 201616 Shares Latest News BTYSTE day 4: Young scientists use Lego and deep neural networks to solve problems 1 day ago Och AI: Will machines ever really decipher Scottish or Irish accents? 1 day ago The future is secure in the hands of 2017’s Young Scientist winner 1 day ago BTYSTE day 3: Li-Fi, tractor safety and an investigation of HPV vaccine side effects 1 day ago Weekend takeaway: Super, scientific, bright, young things 1 day ago The five-minute CIO: Richard Corbridge, HSE 1 day ago Physics industry worth €38bn per year to Irish economy, claims body 1 day ago Fintech start-up Flender achieves £500,000 crowdfunding target 1 day ago 8 ways you can manage your time better 1 day ago Watch: Ruby seadragons filmed in the wild for first time 1 day ago IoT global round-up: China hits the road, 5G studies speed up 1 day ago Backdoor found in WhatsApp encryption that allows snooping (updated) 2 days ago Aerie Pharmaceuticals is to create 50 new jobs in Athlone 2 days ago What will career development look like in 2017? 2 days ago Rogue 9: New simulation suggests distant origin of ‘Planet 9’ 2 days ago Irish release date for Nintendo Switch revealed, but price could be an issue 2 days ago Consumer Reports recommends MacBook Pro again after bug fix 2 days ago TCD researcher Sabina Brennan puts brain health on the radar 2 days ago Google ditches internet-supplying drone project, sticks with balloons 2 days ago Is Google planning a 400-job expansion for Dublin? 2 days ago What kind of UX jobs can I get? 2 days ago The future is bright for these 25 amazing young scientists 2 days ago Drone start-up ceases operations despite €34m in pre-orders 2 days ago iPhone cracking firm Cellebrite has been hacked 2 days ago More from Business Latest News Home About Contact Advertise Subscribe Privacy Policy All content copyright 2002-2017 Silicon Republic Knowledge & Events Management Ltd. Reproduction without explicit permission is prohibited. All rights reserved. Designed by Zero-G and Square1.io Silicon Republic Cookies Policy Our Website uses cookies to improve your experience. Please visit our Privacy Policy page for more information about cookies and how we use them. Close
NYTimes.com no longer supports Internet Explorer 9 or earlier. Please upgrade your browser. LEARN MORE » Sections Search Skip to content Skip to navigation Subscribe Now Log In 0 Settings English 中文 (Chinese) Español Sunday, January 15, 2017 Today’s Paper Video Quick Site Sections Navigation Sections Search World U.S. Politics N.Y. Business Business Opinion Opinion Tech Science Health Sports Sports Arts Arts Style Style Food Food Travel Magazine T Magazine Real Estate all Close search Site Search Navigation Search NYTimes.com Clear this text input Go Site Navigation Site Mobile Navigation Top News The 45th President Trump’s E.P.A. Pick Backed Industry Donors Over Regulators By ERIC LIPTON and CORAL DAVENPORT If confirmed by the Senate, Scott Pruitt could be in charge of policing industries that have long helped advance his political career. His antipathy to federal regulation in many ways defined his tenure as Oklahoma’s chief law enforcement officer.  Comments What Do You Think Senators Should Ask Mr. Pruitt in His Confirmation Hearing? Trump Team May Eject Press Corps, Alarming Reporters By MICHAEL M. GRYNBAUM 4:23 PM ET Journalists were stunned by reports of a proposal to remove them from the West Wing, a move that would uproot decades of established protocol. Trump News Conference Gets ‘S.N.L.’ Treatment Critic's Notebook Trump, Twitter and the Art of His Deal By AMANDA HESS 3:28 PM ET President-elect Donald J. Trump has always been hooked on recognition. More than ever, tweeting has given him a fitting outlet. ‘All Talk,’ Trump Says in Attack on Civil Rights Icon By MARK LANDLER The president-elect criticized Representative John Lewis of Georgia, one of the original Freedom Riders, on the eve of Martin Luther King Jr. Day. More in Politics When Trump Goes Low, Democrats Ask If They Should, Too In His Last Days, Obama Keeps Up Flurry of Activity In Texas, a Test of Whether Voting Act Still Has Teeth By MANNY FERNANDEZ A federal judge put Pasadena, Tex., under federal oversight after finding that city officials had discriminated against Latino voters. But an appeal is expected. U.K. Set to Choose Sharp Break From European Union By STEVEN ERLANGER Prime Minister Theresa May is said to be opting for a “hard Brexit,” taking Britain out of the European single market and the customs union. British Firms Await Brexit Plans, Poised to Relocate Low-Profile Drug Maker Has Powerful Washington Backers By KATIE THOMAS Representatives Chris Collins and Tom Price and other power players have substantial investments in Innate Immunotherapeutics, an Australian company with no approved drugs. Got a confidential news tip? The New York Times offers several ways to get in touch with and provide materials to our journalists. Learn more. Slide Show Loading... What Michelle Obama Wore and Why It Mattered No one understood the role of fashion, and the potential uses of its power, better than the first lady. By VANESSA FRIEDMAN You Draw It: What Got Better or Worse During Obama’s Presidency Jolted by Deaths, Obama Found His Voice on Race Your Weekend Briefing By KAREN WORKMAN and MERRILL D. OLIVER Here’s what you need to know about the week’s top stories. Journalism that matters. More essential than ever. Subscribe to the Times Smarter Living The Fix How to Get a High-End Kitchen on the Cheap By MICHELLE HIGGINS Sites like Craigslist may be the best way to score expensive appliances at rock-bottom prices. All you need is a little patience. A Short Puzzle to Test Your Memory By JASMINE C. LEE, JENNIFER DANIEL and KEVIN QUEALY A 2,000-year-old technique called the memory palace helped one of our contributors improve his memory. Can it work for you? Wait. Is That Hillary Clinton? Let’s Go Say Hi. By LAURA M. HOLSON Hillary Clinton is popping up in restaurants and at social events around New York City, and being embraced by New Yorkers who seem to want to help her get over her election loss. New York Streets Are Seas of Black as Yellow Cabs Decline By WINNIE HU Facing growing competition from ride-hailing apps, taxis are struggling to remain relevant to a generation of digital-minded New Yorkers. A Camden Address With a Link to Martin Luther King Jr. By ASHLEY ROSS Jeanette Lilly Hunt, 85, said she considered the young “M.L. King” a member of the family when he lived in her home in New Jersey while attending a seminary. N.F.L. Playoffs Live Updates: Packers Down Cowboys in Final Seconds By BENJAMIN HOFFMAN 8:03 PM ET Dallas, which at one point trailed 21-3, tried to match the franchise’s record for biggest comeback in a postseason game, but a last-minute field goal lifted Green Bay to a 34-31 win. Rodgers’s Hometown Celebrity Ends at His Front Door On This the N.F.L. Agrees: Cowboys’ Offensive Line Is No. 1 Leader of Chiefs’ Special Teams Gives the Humble Punt Its Due China’s Wind Turbines Laze, Yet 1 Is Built Every Hour By JAVIER C. HERNÁNDEZ 6:18 PM ET The Jiuquan Wind Power Base epitomizes the country’s ambition to become a global leader in clean energy. It also reflects the deep challenges facing the sector in China. Crime Scene Runaway Teenager Slowly Reveals Tale of Horrors While Away By MICHAEL WILSON Joannie’s case is a familiar one to prosecutors in the Bronx, who see runaway girls advertised for sex on Backpage.com. California Today The news and stories that matter to Californians (and anyone else interested in the state). Sign up to get it by email. The Daily 360 1:33 52 Places to Go: Madagascar Adam B. Ellick/The New York Times. Technology by Samsung. More in The Daily 360 » More News Tony Rosato, of 1981-82 ‘Saturday Night Live’ Cast, Dies at 62 Death Toll From Brazil Prison Riot Reaches 26; Decapitations Are Seen Bahrain Executes 3 Shiites Convicted in Police Attack Ringling Bros. Circus to End Its 146-Year Run UConn Women Rewrite History Again With 91st Win ‘La La Land’ Revives the Movie Musical When a song-and-dance film earns $132 million this fast, others will follow — with Emma Watson, Will Ferrell, Kristen Wiig and Josh Gad, for starters. A True Wonder of Alchemy: Soup Together, water, onions and time turn water into broth, bland into savory and thin into thick. But for those results, process is critical. Lie to Me: Fiction in the Post-Truth Era Like reality-TV fans and some Donald J. Trump supporters, today’s novel readers may recognize the artifice before them but form a bond of “shared culpability.” Sunday Review Opinion Why Trump Can’t Make It 1981 Again By RUCHIR SHARMA Donald Trump says he can bring back the economic growth of the Reagan era. But economic forces won’t let him.  Comments Editorial: The Optimism of Barack Obama Editorial Observer: That Time the K.G.B. Slipped Me Vodka Dowd: Judd Apatow Freaking Out Over Donald Trump Kristof: Kremlin Employee of the Month? News Analysis The Linguistic Labyrinth of Arabic News By BEN HUBBARD Who’s a “rebel”? Which government is “legitimate”? In the Arab world, it depends on which TV channel you watch. Wehner: Eight Was Enough User Subscriptions Tired? Or Fired Up and Ready to Go? Inside Obama’s Final Days Raw Telexes to the Times Home Office From a Civil War Zone Times Insider » Tired? Or Fired Up and Ready to Go? Inside Obama’s Final Days The Crossword » Play Today’s Puzzle The Crossword » Play Today’s Puzzle Wordplay » Come On Along With Us Your Reading List Go to your reading list Find a great read for your list Stories you save are added to your Reading List. Access on any device. Learn More | Send Feedback Weekend Reads The Neediest Cases Maintaining a Sunny Spirit in the Face of Hardship Linda Ragoo, a beneficiary of Neediest Cases, has a variety of health issues that she combats with the laughter that frames her positive personality. In its 105th year, The New York Times Neediest Cases Fund has provided direct assistance to those struggling in New York and beyond. Donate now » From Our Advertisers Loading... timesvideo explore all videos » Video Player Inside Nytimes.com Go to the previous story Go to the next story Asia Pacific Inspired by ‘Downton,’ China’s Rich Hire Butlers Sunday Review Steve Harvey, Who Says I Won’t Steal Your Girl? Multimedia/Photos The Golden Era of New York Street Protests Music Podcast: Hip-Hop’s Elders Battle Its Youth (Again) Sunday Review Ivanka Trump’s Dangerous Fake Feminism She is selling us traditional femininity and support of male power in a feminist bow, writes Jill Filipovic. Travel Las Vegas Works to Charm Asian Travelers Music Review: First Concert at New Hall in Germany Sunday Review Notebook: That Time the K.G.B. Slipped Me Vodka The Trump dossier-related talk of “kompromat” and “dezinformatsiya” has been a blast from what was thought to be a distant past. Travel A London Restaurant Shifts to a Simpler Fare Book Review A Posthumous Memoir by Coretta Scott King Sunday Review Letters: Haunted by Vietnam Times Insider Telexes to The Times From a Civil War Zone Sections World » It Can Power a Small Nation. But This Wind Farm in China Is Mostly Idle. U.K. Set to Choose Sharp Break From European Union Rich Chinese, Inspired by ‘Downton,’ Fuel Demand for Butlers Business Day » With Guilty Plea, Takata Clears Way for a Likely Global Rescue Will a ‘Slap in the Face’ From Voters Revive Davos Agenda, or Daze It? How Davos Brings the Global Elite Together Opinion » Exposures: At Home With Barack and Michelle Editorial: The Optimism of Barack Obama Maureen Dowd: Judd Apatow Freaking Out Over Donald Trump U.S. » One Hand on Light Switch, Obama Isn’t Flipping to ‘Off’ Just Yet In Texas, a Test of Whether the Voting Rights Act Still Has Teeth Scott Pruitt, Trump’s E.P.A. Pick, Backed Industry Donors Over Regulators Technology » The Other Kushner Brother’s Big Bet N.S.A. Gets More Latitude to Share Intercepted Communications Tech Fix: The Guide to Being an Airbnb Superhost Arts » Hot on the Trail of ‘La La Land,’ Here Come More Movie Musicals Critic's Notebook: Trump, Twitter and the Art of His Deal Reader's Notebook: Lie to Me: Fiction in the Post-Truth Era Politics » On Washington: ‘Repeal and Replace’: Words Still Hanging Over G.O.P.’s Health Care Strategy One Hand on Light Switch, Obama Isn’t Flipping to ‘Off’ Just Yet When He Goes Low, They Go … Where? Democrats Mull How to Confront Trump Fashion & Style » Critic's Notebook: What Michelle Obama Wore and Why It Mattered Wait. Is That Hillary Clinton? Let’s Go Say Hi. Critic's Notebook: The Last Jeweler on the Ponte Vecchio Movies » Hot on the Trail of ‘La La Land,’ Here Come More Movie Musicals ‘Patriots Day’ Disconnect Between Bostonians and the Rest of Us Anatomy of a Scene: Theodore Melfi Narrates a Scene From ‘Hidden Figures’ New York » A Camden Address With a Link to Martin Luther King Jr. Yellow Cab, Long a Fixture of City Life, Is for Many a Thing of the Past Crime Scene: Runaway Teenager Slowly Reveals Tale of Horrors While Away Sports » N.F.L. Playoffs: Packers Beat Cowboys on Last-Second Field Goal Aaron Rodgers Connects With His Hometown, but the Family Huddle Is Broken On Pro Football: Three Scores, and Dissatisfaction, for a Patriots Back Theater » For Early ‘Jersey Boys’ Investors, Oh, What a Run What August Wilson Means Now From Nosebleed Seats to the Stage, Actors Discuss August Wilson Science » SpaceX Launches Rocket, Its First Since Explosion on Launchpad Trilobites: Sometimes Nature is Morbid. That’s Why There’s #BestCarcass. Trilobites: For the First Time, a Ruby Sea Dragon Flaunts in Front of the Camera Obituaries » Antony Armstrong-Jones, Photographer and Earl of Snowdon, Dies at 86 William Peter Blatty, Author of ‘The Exorcist,’ Dies at 89 Buddy Greco, Singer Who Had That Swing, Dies at 90 Television » Donald Trump News Conference Gets the ‘S.N.L.’ Treatment Review: A Transfer of Power in ‘Homeland.’ Situation Normal, for Now. Review: Thoroughly Modern ‘Victoria,’ Still Nursing That Crush Health » Study Maps ‘Uniquely Devastating’ Genital Injuries Among Troops Public Health: The Biggest Changes Obamacare Made, and Those That May Disappear The Weekly Health Quiz: Smartphones and Smart Dogs Travel » Where I Live: Where I Live: Washington, D.C. Muse: How to Use a Novel as a Guidebook 36 Hours: 36 Hours in Charleston, S.C. Books » Reader's Notebook: Lie to Me: Fiction in the Post-Truth Era Nonfiction: Is Edward Snowden a Spy? A New Book Calls Him One. Nonfiction: Kareem Abdul-Jabbar on Two Books About Muslim Identity Education » Donations Pour In to Band From Black College That Will Play at Inauguration Cost of College: Programs That Are Predatory: It’s Not Just the For-Profit Colleges Justices Face ‘Blizzard of Words’ in Special Education Case Food » City Kitchen: Make Cauliflower and Broccoli More Compelling One Cookie, 2 Versions: Why Girl Scout S’mores Won’t All Be the Same The Pour: 20 Wines Under $20: Reds for Winter Moods and Foods Sunday Review » Opinion: No Racial Barrier Left to Break (Except All of Them) Editorial: The Optimism of Barack Obama Maureen Dowd: Judd Apatow Freaking Out Over Donald Trump Real Estate » When the Downstairs Neighbor Is a Bar The Right Time to Sell Is Anytime On the Market: Homes for Sale in Brooklyn and Manhattan The Upshot » Public Health: The Biggest Changes Obamacare Made, and Those That May Disappear Cost of College: Programs That Are Predatory: It’s Not Just the For-Profit Colleges Public Health: Obamacare Repeal Is Moving Forward. When Will Changes Affect Consumers? Magazine » Feature: President Duterte’s List First Words: I Know How It Feels to Be Someone’s ‘Token.’ I’m Sure Ben Carson Does, Too. Feature: Neanderthals Were People, Too Automobiles » 3 Takata Executives Face Criminal Charges Over Exploding Airbags E.P.A. Accuses Fiat Chrysler of Secretly Violating Emissions Standards Driven: The Volvo S90 Is Very Swedish, and Very Appealing T Magazine » Gosha Rubchinskiy’s Russian Men’s Wear Show A String Quartet Concert, With an A.I. Assist My Bookshelf, Myself: My 10 Favorite Books: Asif Kapadia Times Insider » Save the Date: Feb. 7: Will Shortz: Meet the Puzzle Master! The Robot That Performed My Kidney Transplant Declined to Be Interviewed Talk to The Times: Should Celebrities Use Their Platforms to Express Political Opinions? Real Estate » Ask Real Estate What to Do if the Seller Backs Out By RONDA KAYSEN If a buyer backs out of a contract, the deposit is lost. But what recourse does the buyer have if the seller wants out? More Articles in the Series Search for Homes for Sale or Rent Sell Your Home Most Emailed Most Viewed Trending Recommended for you Loading... Go to Home Page » Site Index The New York Times Site Index Navigation News World U.S. Politics N.Y. Business Tech Science Health Sports Education Obituaries Today's Paper Corrections Opinion Today's Opinion Op-Ed Columnists Editorials Contributing Writers Op-Ed Contributors Opinionator Letters Sunday Review Taking Note Room for Debate Public Editor Video: Opinion Arts Today's Arts Art & Design Books Dance Movies Music N.Y.C. Events Guide Television Theater Video: Arts Living Automobiles Crossword Food Education Fashion & Style Health Jobs Magazine N.Y.C. Events Guide Real Estate T Magazine Travel Weddings & Celebrations Listings & More Classifieds Tools & Services Times Topics Public Editor N.Y.C. Events Guide Blogs Multimedia Photography Video NYT Store Times Journeys Subscribe Manage My Account Subscribe Subscribe Home Delivery Digital Subscriptions Times Insider Crossword Email Newsletters Alerts Gift Subscriptions Corporate Subscriptions Education Rate Mobile Applications Replica Edition Site Information Navigation © 2017 The New York Times Company Contact Us Work With Us Advertise Your Ad Choices Privacy Terms of Service Terms of Sale Site Information Navigation Site Map Help Site Feedback Subscriptions View Mobile Version
This web site uses cookies to improve your experience. By viewing our content, you are accepting the use of cookies. To find out more and change your cookie settings, please view our cookie policy. Edition: Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan Go Videos Smart City Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security Data Centers more Apple Mobility CES 2017 IoT Enterprise Software Hardware See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Newsletters All Writers Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out Go Menu Videos Smart City Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security Data Centers Apple Mobility CES 2017 IoT Enterprise Software Hardware See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out us Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan HTC announces U Ultra and U Play: The best of HTC available for pre-sale today HTC is moving away from its flagship unibody aluminum designs and integrating glass panels in brilliant colors. The HTC U models sport the best of HTC audio and photography. By Matthew Miller for Smartphones and Cell Phones | January 12, 2017 -- 08:30 GMT (00:30 PST) | Topic: Mobility Image: HTC HTC continues to struggle financially and after the recent release of the Google Pixel and Pixel XL, made by HTC, I thought we might see them go back to being a silent ODM once again. With today's news of the HTC U Ultra and U Play, HTC is showing that it will continue to fight for market share in today's competitive smartphone environment. see also 10 reasons to buy the HTC 10 The HTC 10 has several unique capabilities. Read More The HTC 10, see my full review, was one of the most underrated phones of 2016. My wife uses the one I purchased and absolutely love the phone, while I was a bit disappointed in the camera performance. The HTC U Ultra looks to improve upon the HTC 10 with its USonic audio capability and HTC Sense Companion feature, while offering a slight improvement in the rear camera. At $749 during the pre-sale event, it is being offered at a fair price (less than a comparable iPhone 7 Plus or Google Pixel XL). It looks like someone at HTC recognized when HTC is written sideways up the page that the C creates the letter U. HTC then used the U branding throughout the press release with a focus on making its new devices all about "U". The HTC U looks to be an upgraded HTC 10 with the aluminum unibody replaced by colored curved glass. There is an expected upgrade in specs, the same camera with added phase-detection autofocus, high end audio features, and an improved HTC Sense experience. HTC U Ultra specifications Processor: Qualcomm Snapdragon 821 quad-core Display: 5.7 inch 2560x1440 pixels resolution Super LCD 5 with Gorilla Glass 5 or sapphire glass and a small 160x1040 secondary display Operating system: Android 7.0 Nougat with HTC Sense RAM: 4GB Storage: 64GB or 128GB internal with microSD expansion card slot Cameras: Rear 12 megapixel UltraPixel 2, f/1.8 aperture cameras with OIS. Front 16 megapixel with UltraPixel mode Battery: 3000 mAh with QuickCharge 3.0 charging technology Wireless connectivity: 802.11 a/b/g/n/ac WiFi, Bluetooth 4.2, NFC Sensors: Fingerprint, G-Sensor, Gyroscope, Compass, Ambient Light, Proximity Dimensions: 162.41 x 79.79 x 7.99 mm and 170 grams HTC U Ultra and U Play: in pictures SEE FULL GALLERY 1 - 5 of 8 NEXT PREV HTC BoomSound stereo speakers and USonic enhanced headset audio is provided. HTC USonic is the technology we saw on the HTC Bolt where the headset analyzes your inner ear and customizes your listening experience. You will also find four microphones for high quality video recording. A new feature of the HTC U Ultra is the small secondary display above the main display, similar to what we have seen on the LG V10 and V20. HTC Sense Companion is the AI HTC includes that learns about your over time, similar to what we see Huawei attempting in the Huawei Mate 9. HTC has also added in some functionality to Google Now to improve this voice-activated system. HTC U Play specifications Processor: MediaTek Helio octa-core Display: 5.2 inch 1080p Super LCD with Gorilla Glass Operating system: Android 6.0 Marshmallow with HTC Sense RAM: 3GB or 4GB Storage: 32GB or 64GB internal with microSD expansion card slot Cameras: Rear 16 megapixel f/2.0 aperture cameras with OIS. Front 16 megapixel with UltraPixel mode Battery: 2500 mAh with fast charging technology Wireless connectivity: 802.11 a/b/g/n/ac WiFi, Bluetooth 4.2, NFC Sensors: Fingerprint, G-Sensor, Gyroscope, Compass, Ambient Light, Proximity Dimensions: 145.99 x 792.9 x 7.99 mm and 145 grams The HTC U Ultra will be available today for pre-order on HTC.com for $749. We don't yet have pricing info on the HTC U Play or HTC U Ultra with sapphire glass back. The 64GB Gorilla Glass 5 model is estimated to ship in early March. It will also be offered with HTC Uh-Oh protection with the same limited IPx3 rating as the HTC 10. In some markets, the USonic-compatible USB-C headphones will be included in the box. Unfortunately, the HTC U handsets are not compatible with Google Daydream. There isn't a ton you can do yet with Daydream, but it's a fun endeavor that the Google Pixel, Moto Z, Huawei Mate 9 Pro, and other phones support. Join Discussion Powered by Livefyre Add your Comment Related Stories Mobility Barnes & Noble pulls Nook Tablet 7-inch from sale due to faulty charger Mobility iPhone 8, Galaxy S8 to have highest water-resistance rating: Report Smartphones It's time to stop dreaming: iOS and Android have won the mobile war iPhone 'Transparent' iPhone, patents, and fake news × Thank You Please review our terms of service to complete your newsletter subscription I agree to the Terms of Use, Privacy Policy and Video Services Policy. I understand I will receive a complimentary subscription to TechRepublic's News and Special Offers newsletter, and the Daily Digest newsletter (you can opt out at any time). ACCEPT & CLOSE Newsletters You have been successfully signed up. To sign up for more newsletters or to manage your account, visit the Newsletter Subscription Center. See All See All ZDNet Connect with us © 2017 CBS Interactive. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | Cookies | Ad Choice | Advertise | Terms of Use | Mobile User Agreement Visit other CBS Interactive sites: Select SiteCBS CaresCBS FilmsCBS RadioCBS.comCBSInteractiveCBSNews.comCBSSports.comChowhoundCNETCollege NetworksGameSpotLast.fmMaxPrepsMetacritic.comMoneywatchmySimonRadio.comSearch.comShopper.comShowtimeTechRepublicThe InsiderTV.comUrbanBaby.comZDNet Topics All Authors Galleries Videos About ZDNet Meet The Team Site Map RSS Feeds Reprint Policy Manage | Log Out Log In to ZDNET | Join ZDNet Membership Newsletters Site Assistance
TrustedReviews Facebook Twitter Googleplus TVs & Audio Cameras Computing Mobile Home appliances Gaming MWC 2017 GPS & Sat Nav Mobile Apps Mobile Phone Accessories Mobile Phones Tablets Wearables & Fitness Trending: CES 2017 Apple Watch 2 iPhone 7 Galaxy S7 vs iPhone 6S Google Pixel Galaxy S7 Home / News / Fitness News / Android Wear 2.0 release date revealed, Google Pixel Watch incoming? Android Wear 2.0 release date revealed, Google Pixel Watch incoming? by James Laird 12 January 2017 0 shares Read Comments Android Wear 2.0 has finally been given a release date by Google, with the company advising its developer base to update their apps in time for a February 2017 launch. The email to Google Play developers was spotted by Android Police and informs devs that they have until "early February 2017" to ensure their apps are ready for the new wearable OS. Among other things, Android Wear 2.0 will introduce a dedicated version of the Play Store for Android Wear smartwatches. Apps utilising legacy APK settings will be left behind, however, as they won't show up in search on Google's new wearable app store – the nitty-gritty of Google's email says that APKs must be set to minSdkVersion 23 or above. News of the rollout comes shortly after the first Android Wear 2.0 smartwatch was announced at CES 2017, with Casio revealing the ruggedised WSD-F20 – the successor to the exciting Casio WSD-F10. It also reignites speculation that Google is set to reveal new smartwatches of its own to showcase the new software. Could the oft-rumoured Google Pixel Watch – which is actually thought to be a pair of wearables codenamed 'Angelfish' and 'Swordfish' – land sooner rather than later? MWC 2017 is one possibility, though Google would most likely opt to stage a standalone event rather than share the spotlight with the slurry of new phones set to debut in Barcelona this year, which likely include the LG G6. Related: Is Android Wear 2.0 coming to your smartwatch? WATCH: Wearables and fitness buying guide Excited for the arrival of Android Wear 2.0? Let us know in the comments below. 0 shares Read Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Free Newsletter Get TrustedReviews' award-winning reviews, opinions and advice delivered to your inbox for free! By submitting your details, you'll also receive emails from Time Inc. UK, publisher of Trusted Reviews and other iconic brands about its goods and services, and those of its carefully selected third parties. Please tick here if you'd prefer not to hear about: Time Inc.'s goods & services, including all the latest news, great deals and offers Third party goods & services ⩔ Show More Terms & Conditions | Privacy & Cookies Policy More on Trusted Reviews More information - Sitemap| About us| Contact us| Advertise with us Facebook Twitter Googleplus Trusted Reviews is part of the Time Inc. (UK) Ltd Technology Network © Time Inc. (UK) Ltd 2003-2017, All rights reserved| Terms of use| Privacy Policy| Cookie Information Free Newsletter Get TrustedReviews' award-winning reviews and advice delivered to your inbox for free! By submitting your details, you'll also receive emails from Time Inc. UK, publisher of Trusted Reviews and other iconic brands about its goods and services, and those of its carefully selected third parties. Please tick here if you'd prefer not to hear about: Time Inc.'s goods & services, including all the latest news, great deals and offers Third party goods & services ⩔ Show More Terms & Conditions | Privacy & Cookies Policy
Middle-east Arab News Opinion | Asharq Al-awsat Did You Just Open a Brand New home Hub? Read this First. - ASHARQ AL-AWSAT English English edition of Asharq Al-Awsat - the world’s premier pan-Arab daily. News, Politics, Middle-East, Saudi Arabia, Oponion, and Lots more... ENGLISH EDITION OF ASHARQ AL-AWSAT فارسي FA عربی AR اردو UR Middle East Middle East Saudi Student Murderer Arrested in Wisconsin Global Coalition against ISIS’s Chiefs of General Staff Meet in Saudi Arabia Tehran Denies Receiving Kuwait’s Relayed GCC Message Palestinian President Opens Embassy in Vatican CTS Units Comb Mosul University Faculties, Discover Chemical Weapons Turkey: If U.S. Wants Kurds at Syria Talks, Might as Well Invite ISIS Too World World Trump Adviser had Five Calls with Russian Envoy on Day of Sanctions: Sources Tehran Denies Receiving Kuwait’s Relayed GCC Message Palestinian President Opens Embassy in Vatican Possible CIA Resignations as Trump’s Feud with Spy Agencies Escalates UK Lawmakers Demand Brexit Plan by Mid-Feb to Allow Study Belgian Sues Belgium for Suffering in Guantanamo Bay Saudi Arabia Saudi Arabia Global Coalition against ISIS’s Chiefs of General Staff Meet in Saudi Arabia King Salman Centre Provides Assistance to 33 Countries Aoun: Relations with Saudi Arabia, Gulf Normalized, Troubled Page Folded Saudi Aid for Displaced People Enters Syria Saudi Crown Prince Received by the Algerian President in Algiers King Salman Receives President of Niger | Opinion Opinion Iran’s ‘Revolutionary Guard’…a Terror Group?! Saudi Arabia and the Movie Theatre, Concerts Arguments How Economists Can Stay Relevant Under Trump Opinion: A Trip to Al-Nafud, He is Just Like He Was 47 Years Ago The Released Report on Russian Meddling Isn’t Enough Trump vs. The Fourth Estate Features Features ‘We’ll Grow Again’: Bangladesh Cafe Attacked by Terrorists Reopens Priorities of Gen. Mattis: ‘Number One Iran. Number Two Iran. Number Three Iran’ ISIS’ Confusing Religious and Political Messages In 2016, Iran Reaped Benefits of Nuclear Deal in the Region Inside the Economic War against ISIS Brexit: From a Simple Idea to Reality Lifestyle Book Reviews A Rainbow That Makes the Heart Leap Aleppo: A City That Refuses to Die The Crossing Between the Ayatollah and the Marquis Fashion ‘Net-a-Porter’ Cooperates with Five International Designers to Serve Arab Woman The New Markets Enjoy Decent Fashion Designs Fashion, Politics to Dedicate 2017 to Women Out of Fashion: How Men Could Fall off the Catwalk Sports Afcon 2017: Wider Spread of Talent Makes Winner Impossible to Predict Manchester United Still Making Up for Louis Van Gaal’s Expensive Lost Time An Alternative to Fifa’s Team of 2016 Wayne Rooney has Equalled the Record – but What does the Future Hold for Striker? Entertainment The Best New Podcasts of 2016 Arab Film Institute (AFI) Launched during DIFF 2016 Inside a Fake News Sausage Factory: ‘This Is All About Income’ American Rock Sensation Bob Dylan Awarded Nobel Prize in Literature Business, Technology Did You Just Open a Brand New home Hub? Read this First. Hayley Tsukayama4 days agoJanuary 12, 2017 222 The new Google Pixel phone is displayed next to a Google Home smart speaker (left) after a product event in San Francisco on Oct. 4. (Eric Risberg/Associated Press) Trump Adviser had Five Calls with Russian Envoy on Day of Sanctions: Sources - Iran’s ‘Revolutionary Guard'...a Terror Group?! - South Korea Prosecutor Weighs Economic Impact of Arrest of Samsung chief - Afcon 2017: Wider Spread of Talent Makes Winner Impossible to Predict - Saudi Arabia and the Movie Theatre, Concerts Arguments - Saudi Student Murderer Arrested in Wisconsin - Global Coalition against ISIS’s Chiefs of General Staff Meet in Saudi Arabia - Tehran Denies Receiving Kuwait’s Relayed GCC Message - Palestinian President Opens Embassy in Vatican - Possible CIA Resignations as Trump’s Feud with Spy Agencies Escalates Home hubs, or smart speakers that you can order around with voice commands, are expected to be a top gift this holiday season. But it can be a little hard getting used to having a disembodied voice in your house, and figuring out what to use it for. We’re here to help. Focusing on Amazon’s Echo (or the smaller Echo Dot) and Google’s Home devices, we’ve put together a few basic tips to help you go beyond the setup menu and get the most from these gadgets: Location is everything. One of the first things you should figure out is where it’s best to place them. The ability to set timers makes them useful in the kitchen. Their function as speakers makes them good for the living room. Being able to set alarms makes them pretty handy on your nightstand. Think carefully about how you think you’ll use the home hub in your everyday life and place accordingly. If, in a couple of days, you find you aren’t using the gadget that much, consider moving it to another location where you might get more use from it. You may find it’s almost useless by your bed, but becomes incredibly useful once you move it to your kitchen — or vice versa. (Amazon makes the Echo and Echo Dot; Jeffrey P. Bezos is the chief executive of Amazon and owner of The Washington Post.) Think about links. While both the Echo and the Google Home are pretty cool on their own, the real magic happens when you start linking them to other devices. For example, you can yell out requests to the Home to turn on your television if you link it to Google’s Chromecast streaming device. You can link your Netflix account to Google Home now, as well as YouTube. Many other services including Uber and Domino’s Pizza also work with the Home. The Echo can link with Uber, Domino’s Pizza and some music services. It also directly links with your Amazon account, making it possible to ask Echo to add things to your wish list for the site or even order some products. It doubles as a Bluetooth speaker if you want to play your audio through the Echo, but it lacks the video controls that the Home has with Netflix and YouTube. Both home hubs can link with smart lights and the Nest thermostat, as well as other smart home products. If you’ve taken the plunge into the smart home, these hubs can prove enormously convenient for turning “the lights off in the bedroom” or bringing your house’s temperature down for bedtime. The bottom line is that if you want to get your money’s worth, then you should connect the smart speakers to an Amazon or Google account if you have one. But if you are worried about privacy — particularly your voice history — there is a way to delete queries the home hubs have heard from your device. For Echo, the “Home” feed will display everything you’ve asked Echo to do; to delete any individual request, tap on the “More” in the lower right-hand corner and hit “Remove card.” On Home, go into your device’s settings and scroll down to “My Activity.” From there you will be able to delete requests by hitting the icon that looks like three dots in a vertical line at the top of the screen. Really dive into those apps. After testing out your smart hub for some time, you may start to wonder, “What am I really going to use this thing for?” It’s a good question. Once the novelty of asking your home hub what time it is wears off, you may wonder what it’s really capable of. So before you fall out of love, dive into the apps that link your home hub to your phone and dig around for the most useful applications. You may find that you really want daily news briefings, a summary of your schedule for the day or the option to play a round of “Jeopardy!” On Google Home, head into the settings menu for the hub and tap “More” to get a full list of the things your hub can do and the services with which it can connect. (One of my favorites is to get recipes emailed from the Food Network.) On the Echo’s Alexa app — named for the voice assistant — this list is tucked into the “Things to Try” category, which tells you more about the basic operation of your Echo, or head to the “Skills” section to get a long list of the things the Echo can do. The Washington Post Hayley Tsukayama More Posts Facebook Twitter Google+ Pinterest LinkedIn Related Amazon's EchoGoogle homeGoogle PhonesGoogle PixelSmart Phones Previous ArticleWayne Rooney has Equalled the Record – but What does the Future Hold for Striker?Next ArticleHariri: Aoun’s Visit to Saudi Arabia has Removed Ambiguities What’s Trending Amaq – 24/7 News Agency Run by ISIS 30904 Saudi Sources: the Ultimate Solution in Yemen will Put an End to the Militias 23226 Crown Prince Patronizes Deluge 6 Exercise 20446 Air Strikes Target al Qaeda in Yemen, Troops Capture Aden District 18707 10,000 More Syrian Refugees to Be Taken in by Canada 18192 Join our social media 264kFans 126kFollowers 206Followers Subscribe to News Asharq Al-awsat Newsletter Email address PRINT SUBSCRIPTIONS DISTRIBUTION ADVERTISING TERMS & CONDITIONS PRIVACY STATEMENT ABOUT US SUBMISSIONS © Copyright 2016 Asharq Al Awsat - Sub Division of SRPC - Site Last updated January 15, 2017 2:23 pm Middle East Opinion Saudi Arabia Features World Lifestyle This website uses cookies to improve your experience. Click to continue Accept Privacy & Cookies Policy Subscribe to News Asharq Al-awast English Newsletter Email address
make-use-of-logo logo-background menu search search-start close email bookmark facebook google twitter pinterest stumbleupon whatsapp amazon youtube youtube label-rectangle triangle-long down mobile-icon PC & Mobile Windows Mac Linux Android iPhone and iPad Internet Security Technology News Lifestyle Entertainment Productivity Creative Gaming Browsers Social Media Finance Self Improvement Hardware Technology Explained Buying Guides Smart Home DIY Product Reviews Deals Giveaways Top Lists About About MakeUseOf Newsletter Advertise Privacy Jobs Chats Search for: Search Popular Topics The Internet Windows iPhone and iPad Android Mac Gaming MakeUseOf The Newest Linux Operating Systems and Who Should Try Them Linux The Newest Linux Operating Systems and Who Should Try Them Moe Long These Secret Google Pixel Features Will Convince You to Buy It Android These Secret Google Pixel Features Will Convince You to Buy It Kannon Yamada Top Deals Search Open Menu Close Menu PC & Mobile Windows Mac Linux Android iPhone and iPad Internet Security Technology News Lifestyle Entertainment Productivity Creative Gaming Browsers Social Media Finance Self Improvement Hardware Technology Explained Buying Guides Smart Home DIY Product Reviews Deals Giveaways Top Lists About About MakeUseOf Newsletter Advertise Privacy Jobs Chats Facebook Facebook Facebook Facebook Search for: Use Google Calendar to Track Your New Year’s Resolution Progress Productivity Use Google Calendar to Track Your New Year’s Resolution Progress Nancy Messieh January 12, 2017 12-01-2017 1 minute Use Google Calendar to Track Your New Year’s Resolution Progress Facebook Twitter Pinterest MobileAppPage Stumbleupon Whatsapp Email Google recently announced a new update to its goals feature in Google Calendar, and it’s just in time for those of you tackling your new year’s resolutions. Introduced in April, Google Calendar’s Goals feature makes it easy to keep track of your goals progress. The feature works best if you’re a regular Google Calendar user. After you set a goal for yourself, you’ll be prompted to answer questions like how often and what’s the best time? Google Calendar will then find the best time in your calendar for you to work towards your goals. So what has changed? Now you can track your progress when it comes to your fitness goals. By connecting Google Fit for Android users or Apple Health for iOS users. Google Calendar will then be able to track each of your workouts, mark them as done, and provide you with an overview of your performance. So if you were looking for that extra bit of encouragement to stick to your resolutions, this just might be it. To create a goal, launch the Google Calendar app on your phone, and tap the + button, and select Goal. You can choose from exercise, skill, friends and family, “me time,” and organization goals. If you want to try out the new features, select Exercise and choose from the list of fitness activities available. As you walk through the various options, you will be prompted to connect your goal to the Google Fit or Apple Health apps. Do you have any tips or tricks on sticking to your New Year’s resolutions? Let us know in the comments.  Previous PostMind Mapping on the iPhone & iPad: Here Are Your OptionsNext PostGoogle Lets You Print to Any Printer No Matter Where You Are 0 comments Write a Comment Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Nancy Messieh 628 articles Nancy is a writer, photographer and editor, living in the DC area with her husband, their greyhound Ella, and Italian greyhound Oliver. Follow here on her personal blog , on Twitter , Pinterest, and Instagram Advertisement Latest Giveaways Noontec Zoro II Wireless Headphones Review and Giveaway Noontec Zoro II Wireless Headphones Review and Giveaway Garmin Vivomove Sport Review and Giveaway Garmin Vivomove Sport Review and Giveaway UHANS H5000 Review and Giveaway UHANS H5000 Review and Giveaway Advertisement Advertisement Affiliate Disclosure: By buying the products we recommend, you help keep the lights on at MakeUseOf. Read more. Subscribe to Our Newsletter Email: Scroll down for the next article © 2017 MakeUseOf. All Rights Reserved.
Co-sponsor Associate Sponsors Firstpost . Monday, January 16, 2017 Latest E-book Switch to हिन्दी NewsTracker Election dates announced for UP, Goa, Uttarakhand, Punjab, Manipur polls Front Page Politics Goa Assembly election 2017: Congress releases second list of candidates Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2017: EC may give order on SP symbol dispute on Monday Nitish Kumar should take responsibility for boat tragedy in Sabbalpur diara: Sushil Modi Punjab Election 2017: Harsimrat Kaur Badal alleges 'secret seat-sharing arrangement' between AAP, Congress Punjab election 2017: Sukhbir asks Sidhu why he was missing from state for seven months Delhi: Manoj Tiwari announces team, Shazia Ilmi, Kamaljeet Sehrawat get berth in BJP executive Sports Premier League: Manchester City thrashed by Everton, Zlatan Ibrahimovic rescues Manchester United India vs England, 1st ODI Highlights: Hosts win by 3 wickets; go 1-0 up in the series India vs England, 1st ODI: Virat Kohli, Kedar Jadhav's efforts hailed by Twitterati India vs England: Virat Kohli breaks Sachin Tendulkar's record in 1st match as full-time ODI captain India vs England, 1st ODI: Virat Kohli, Kedar Jadhav tons help hosts pull off stunning chase N Srinivasan to meet district secretaries amid speculation over his successor as TNCA chief India West Bengal: Stampede at Gangasagar kills six; PM Modi announces ex-gratia of Rs 2 lakh Uttar Pradesh Assembly Election 2017: Akhilesh-led SP, Congress, RLD may form Bihar-style grand alliance Punjab Assembly Election 2017: Sukhbir Badal challenges Capt Amarinder to contest from Lambi seat only Hyderabad: Police arrest 4 member gang of dacoits who looted gold from a finance firm Don't be flippant about Indian symbols, icons: Shaktikanta Das to Amazon Jallikattu: Supporters continue protests in Tamil Nadu, several detained World Watch: Canadian PM Justin Trudeau wishing Tamilians 'Happy Thai Pongal' Washington's infrastructure mess presents opportunity to Donald Trump administration Benjamin Netanyahu slams 'futile' Paris conference on efforts to revive Israel-Palestine peace process Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte threatens martial law to tackle drug problem German passenger flight from Oman lands in Kuwait over bomb threat Donald Trump attacks civil rights icon John Lewis on Twitter, critics hit back Business Arun Jaitley looks to break deadlock at GST meeting on Monday Finance ministry insists it respects RBI's independence and autonomy Demonetisation: With polls round the corner, Budget may have a few sops for devastated weavers Is the govt preparing ground for introducing cash withdrawal tax in this budget? RBI autonomy: Why Urjit Patel must stand up now to reclaim central bank's integrity Life Travel longer, for lesser: How we prepared to become full time travellers Beijing travel diary: Playing charades with strangers; visiting the Great Wall, tea houses Why I run: Four marathoners on what drives them to go the distance; before SCMM 2017 Spot the irony: Patanjali's new product 'Gonyle' is a floor cleaner, which contains cow urine Scientists identify biomarker that may predict depression in pregnant women Delhi Book Fair 2017: The Indian Publisher seems to be pursuing buyers, not readers Entertainment Best Indian Films 2016: Thithi, Visaranai and others prove small can be big, beautiful, bold Koffee with Karan season 5: Kareena, Sonam make an entertaining episode 62nd Jio Filmfare Awards 2017: See Alia Bhatt, Sidharth Malhotra's red carpet style Jio Filmfare Awards 2017: Aamir Khan, Alia Bhatt, Dangal win top honours Rishi Kapoor looks back on a life in the movies in Khullam Khulla: But is it really 'Uncensored'? The Batman Lego Movie might be DC's chance at redemption after Batman vs Superman Photos Videos Budget 2017 TECH2 FAKING NEWS हिंदी You are here: Latest News India News Sushma Swaraj's use of soft power against Amazon was unnecessary, heavy-handed Ajay Kumar Jan, 12 2017 13:26:28 IST #Amazon #Apple #Censorship #Criticalpoint #Dalai lama #Doormats #Facebook #Google #National flag #Soft power #Sushma swaraj Sushma Swaraj, just exercised India's soft power, in a manner that China frequently does when it concerns Tibet and Taiwan. A few days ago, The New York Times app was taken off the China App Store after a request by Chinese authorities to do so. However, the app is available for download on app stores elsewhere. This closed one of the last few options for Chinese readers to freely access The New York Times in China without having to use hacks such as VPNs or proxies. For the past few years now, China has been using its soft power, especially the strength of its market access, to have companies toe the line. Internet companies like Google have faced increasing pressure to conform in order to have access to Chinese markets. In 2010, Google took the brave step of refusing to censor searches in China in response to pressure from the Chinese government. In 2014, Google's main services such as Gmail, Google search and Chrome were no longer accessible in China. File image of Sushma Swaraj PTI Companies in China are forced to comply with Chinese censorship regulations in order to have access to the world's largest population. Apple, for example, may have had its App Store completely blocked in China had it not complied with the request to block The New York Times. Many US companies, like Facebook, Google and others have taken a strong stance in favour of free speech and have refused to enter the Chinese market as a result of this. However, there are now rumours that even Facebook may kowtow to Beijing. In 2014, China once again used its diplomatic prowess to ensure that the Dalai Lama could not attend a Nobel Peace Summit in South Africa. China uses this soft power to pursue a very definite foreign and domestic policy angle. Namely a 'One-China' policy that preserves its one-party system of government and continues its totalitarian form of government. Which brings us neatly to India. On Wednesday, the country's foreign minister used India's soft power, and threatened to deny Amazon officials visas and deport those who are already in India, if Amazon Canada didn't take down a doormat that had India's National Flag on it. Let me be very clear, I completely understand the foreign minister's sentiment. A National Flag on a doormat is absurdly offensive to me. The flag is a very important symbol not just to me, but to a billion of my fellow Indians. But the question comes, was this an appropriate instance, to so blatantly exercise India's soft power? The Ministry of External Affairs could have asked the Indian High Commission in Ottawa, Canada to have a quite phone call with Amazon Canada and put the matter to rest. There was absolutely no need to put it up on social media for all the world to see.  Soft power is delicate and needs to be exercised carefully. It is not something that needs to be thumped around. Usually, when soft power is exercised, the attention is not on the country that exercised the soft power but it should be on the person who was subject to the exercise of that power. The headlines should be reading 'Amazon buckles under Indian pressure and takes down offensive article' and the stories should have almost no mention of the fact that the Ministry of External Affairs intervened in the matter.  We lose our credibility in the world, if we intervene in such situations, that may be misunderstood by the global community at large. It represents a failure in image projection and image management. China, on the other hand, and despite its far more devious use of soft power, does brilliantly with this. India has a lot of potential to use its soft power to not just have other nations act in our foreign and domestic interests but to have major multinationals do so as well. But if we have to use our soft power, we need to be a lot more tactful about how we use it. #Amazon #Apple #Censorship #Criticalpoint #Dalai lama #Doormats #Facebook #Google #National flag #Soft power #Sushma swaraj Also See Sushma Swaraj puts Amazon in its place over doormat: Has it really come to this for MEA? Amazon vs Sushma Swaraj: Indian flag no doormat, but EAM must focus on larger issues Amazon, data isn’t everything; consider emotions in order to humanise your business Amazon-Tricolour controversy aptly explains why 'monolithic liberalism' is facing a global crisis Top Stories Rishi Kapoor looks back on a life in the movies in Khullam Khulla: But is it really 'Uncensored'? UP Polls 2017: Media Abuzz But for Voters This is a Dull Election Navjot Singh Sidhu joins Congress, meets Rahul Gandhi, ahead of Punjab Assembly election 2017 India vs England, 1st ODI: Virat Kohli, Kedar Jadhav tons help hosts pull off stunning chase Reaching 40? You can still start planning your retirement Trump's plan for Day 1 in White House: Scrap Obama orders, deport illegals Patna boat tragedy: PM Modi announces ex gratia of 2 lakh; death toll rises to 24 Koffee with Karan season 5: Kareena, Sonam make an entertaining episode Cricket Scores Current & Recent Upcoming Desert T20 Challenge, 2017 NED Vs OMN Netherlands beat Oman by 5 wickets England in India, 3 ODI Series, 2016/17 IND Vs ENG India beat England by 3 wickets Pakistan in Australia, 5 ODI Series, 2017 AUS Vs PAK Pakistan beat Australia by 6 wickets Desert T20 Challenge, 2017 AFG Vs IRE Afghanistan beat Ireland by 5 wickets Desert T20 Challenge, 2017 HK Vs SCO Scotland beat Hong Kong by 24 runs Pakistan in Australia, 5 ODI Series, 2017 AUS Vs PAK Australia beat Pakistan by 92 runs Sri Lanka in South Africa, 3 Test Series, 2016/17 SA Vs SL South Africa beat Sri Lanka by an innings and 118 runs Bangladesh in New Zealand, 2 Test Series, 2017 NZ Vs BAN Live Now Bangladesh in New Zealand, 3 T20I Series, 2017 NZ Vs BAN New Zealand beat Bangladesh by 27 runs Bangladesh in New Zealand, 3 T20I Series, 2017 NZ Vs BAN New Zealand beat Bangladesh by 47 runs Desert T20 Challenge, 2017 HK vs OMN - Jan 16th, 2017, 03:30 PM IST Desert T20 Challenge, 2017 UAE vs AFG - Jan 16th, 2017, 08:30 PM IST Desert T20 Challenge, 2017 NED vs SCO - Jan 17th, 2017, 08:30 PM IST Desert T20 Challenge, 2017 UAE vs IRE - Jan 18th, 2017, 03:30 PM IST Desert T20 Challenge, 2017 HK vs NED - Jan 18th, 2017, 08:30 PM IST Pakistan in Australia, 5 ODI Series, 2017 AUS vs PAK - Jan 19th, 2017, 08:50 AM IST England in India, 3 ODI Series, 2016/17 IND vs ENG - Jan 19th, 2017, 01:30 PM IST Desert T20 Challenge, 2017 OMN vs SCO - Jan 19th, 2017, 08:30 PM IST Bangladesh in New Zealand, 2 Test Series, 2017 NZ vs BAN - Jan 20th, 2017, 03:30 AM IST Desert T20 Challenge, 2017 TBC vs TBC - Jan 20th, 2017, 11:30 AM IST Site Index हिंदी फर्स्टपोस्ट About Firstpost Newsletter RSS Twitter Facebook Sections Front Page Politics Sports India World Business Life Entertainment Photos Videos Plus New Delhi Mumbai Photos Videos FP Exclusives Cartoons Video Room eBooks Budget 2014 Weather Others Sample Papers Online Business Technology News MTV India Online Shopping in India Think India Budget 2014 Weather Tools RSS Feeds Apps iOS Android Copyright © 2017. Firstpost - All Rights Reserved. Terms of use Privacy
Please Update your browser Your browser is out of date, and may not be compatible with our website. A list of the most popular web browsers can be found below. Just click on the icons to get to the download page. press enter to search Video 26°C DKI Jakarta, Indonesia 26°C Light Rain Rain until tomorrow morning, starting again tomorrow afternoon. Thu 26℃ - 31℃ Fri 26℃ - 32℃ Sat 27℃ - 32℃ Sun 26℃ - 30℃ Home NEWS PULSE MULTIMEDIA MOST VIEWED MOST SHARED news NEWS politics world national city Business SE ASIA COMMUNITY COMMUNITY Youth OPINION OPINION ACADEMIA INTERVIEW JPLUS TRAVEL TRAVEL News Destinations VIDEO VIDEO VIDEO PHOTO LONGFORM PAPER EDITION PAPER EDITION TODAY'S PAPER JPLUS BALI BUZZ JOBS politics world national city News Business Govt to issue OTT regulation after Google's tax problem is resolved Anton Hermansyah The Jakarta Post Jakarta | Thu, January 12, 2017 | 02:10 pm Communications and Information Minister Rudiantara. (JP/Viriya P. Singgih) Topics OTT Google taxation Regulations Share this article  share on facebook  share on twitter  share on google plus  share on Linkedin  share on whatsapp  comment  share on email share this article follow Us    The government will issue a ministerial regulation on over-the-top (OTT) content providers after the Google tax saga ends. Communications and Information Minister Rudiantara said on Thursday that the internet giant was still discussing their tax issue with the Finance Ministry and the results of the discussion would become a reference for the regulation’s final draft. "After the problem with Google is done, we will issue the regulation," Rudiantara said. (Read also: Indonesia demands documents from Google in tax investigation) The regulation will rule for a level playing field between foreign and domestic OTT content providers, through a legal basis, which includes aspects on taxation. Rudiantara said although the regulation would be issued by his ministry, the articles related to taxation would be discussed with the Finance Ministry. He hoped the Google tax saga could be resolved by mid-year. "We are always supportive of the Finance Ministry, but it [resolving the Google case] should not take too long," he added. Regarding calculations made by the Directorate General of Taxation, Google has to pay US$400 million in tax arrears including penalties for its five years of operation in the country, but according to Google’s calculations, it only owes $30 million. The directorate’s special tax head, Muhammad Haniv, said the company had lobbied the government to not include penalties. The bill was reduced to US$73 million but Google tried to lobby the government again in late December last year. Finance Minister Sri Mulyani Indrawati previously said the government would continue negotiations with Google at the beginning of 2017. (bbn) Related News Big taxpayers, MSMEs targeted in amnesty’s third phase N.Sumatra misses tax amnesty targets International tax dispute resolution You might also like : Anies shifting toward conservatism Indonesia pledges leeway for obedient miners Young children killed in Cipali fatal crash not yet identified Jokowi, Abe pledge to strengthen bilateral ties most viewed most shared Govt arrests 32 alleged sex workers in Jakarta, mostly from Vietnam Thousands of fans meet Park Bo-gum in Jakarta Tasty 'nasi uduk' is talk of town Kidman says comments about Trump support weren't endorsement Mattel launches smart baby device to lure tech-savvy parents Dolce&Gabbana court millennials, Plein launches activewear Extremism becoming more common: Muhammadiyah Jokowi, Abe pledge to strengthen bilateral ties Indonesia sees Japan as model for infrastructure development Young children killed in Cipali fatal crash not yet identified follow us       NEWS     JOBS   TRAVEL   LIFE   More Stories SE Asia Kerry visits Vietnam on last trip as US secretary of state Academia Ibnu Budiman and Hannah Barrowman Researcher at PT Sustainability and Resilience (Su-re.co) and PhD Scholar at the Australian National University Climate justice for smallholder farmers Life Mattel launches smart baby device to lure tech-savvy parents Travel Garuda Indonesia taps into charter flight demand in China TRY A DIGITAL SUBSCRIPTION Subscribe to our Newspaper Join the discussions Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. NEWS BUSINESS POLITICS WORLD NATIONAL CITY PAPER EDITION TODAY'S PAPER ACADEMIA INTERVIEW OPINION TRAVEL NEWS DESTINATIONS MULTIMEDIA VIDEO PHOTO LONGFORM LIFE LIFESTYLE ENTERTAINMENT ART & CULTURE TECHNOLOGY PEOPLE HEALTH PARENTS BOOKS SOUTHEAST ASIA JOBS COMMUNITY YOUTH News     TRAVEL   Jobs   Our partners kompas.com tribunnews.com kontan.co.id Asia News Network Catch Asia! Media Network About Cyber Media Guidelines Contact Advertise Paper Subscription © 2016 PT. Niskala Media Tenggara
NEWS l l CHANNELS GamesBeat AR/VR Big Data Bots Business Cloud Dev Enterprise Entrepreneur Esports Marketing Media Mobile PC Gaming Security Social Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Multimedia Advertise EVENTS l l VB EVENTS Upcoming Events GET INVOLVED Sponsor Speaker Media Partner Volunteer Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Multimedia Advertise RESEARCH l l CATEGORIES Marketing Tech Mobile Gaming Miscellaneous LEARN MORE VB Top Ten Subscription Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Multimedia Advertise Go! ‹ NEWS › CHANNELS GamesBeat Entrepreneur AR/VR Esports Big Data Marketing Bots Media Business Mobile Cloud PC Gaming Dev Security Enterprise Social ‹ EVENTS › VB EVENTS Upcoming Events GET INVOLVED Sponsor Media Partner Speaker Volunteer ‹ RESEARCH › CATEGORIES Marketing Tech Gaming Mobile Miscellaneous LEARN MORE VB Top Ten Subscription ‹ VENTUREBEAT › About Advertise Careers Contact Multimedia Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Follow us on social: MOBILE Google is rolling out AMP Lite for people on low-RAM devices and slow networks Jordan Novet@jordannovet January 11, 2017 11:31 PM Tags: Accelerated Mobile Pages Project, Alphabet, Google, top-stories Above: A Google AMP page. Image Credit: Screenshot Google today said that it has started to show an even tinier version of websites for certain people browsing the internet on mobile devices. The new AMP Lite page format includes compressed images and image data, among other things, so that articles and other websites will load even more quickly and take up even less data than standard AMPs, or Accelerated Mobile Pages, which Google first introduced in 2015. AMP Lite will take up 45 percent fewer bytes than what publishers post, which is what appears on standard AMP pages. At this point, Google is only showing the AMP Lite pages for users in Vietnam, Malaysia, and other countries where people use slow wireless networks, and also for individuals whose mobile devices don’t have much RAM, Google software engineers Huibao Lin and Eyal Peled wrote in a blog post. “These optimizations may modify the fine details of some images, but do not affect other parts of the page, including ads,” Lin and Peled wrote. Google introduced AMP for ads in July. The AMP software is open-source, with people from several companies collaborating on it, while Facebook’s Instant Articles system offers a similar effect but is proprietary. The AMP Lite technology is not (as of yet) part of the open-source AMP project, a Google spokesperson told VentureBeat in an email. ABOUT CONTACT CAREERS ADVERTISE Terms of Service Privacy Policy © 2017 VentureBeat. All rights reserved.
Close Skip to main content sign in Comment activity Edit profile Email preferences Change password Sign out become a supporter subscribe search jobs more from the guardian: jobs change edition: switch to the UK edition switch to the AU edition switch to the INT edition US edition switch to the UK edition switch to the Australia edition switch to the International The Guardian home › business economics sustainable business diversity & equality in business small business home US politics world opinion sports soccer tech arts lifestyle fashion business selected travel environment browse all sections close Business Business live Marks & Spencer, Tesco, Primark and JD Sports lead flurry of Christmas trading news – as it happened M&S has posted its best Christmas in years, but John Lewis staff are bracing for a bonus cut Latest: John Lewis sounds bonus warning M&S beats forecasts as clothing sales grow Tesco upbeat Debenhams does well, JD shines, AO World cautious The agenda: Retail Super Thursday Updated A Christmas Market at Birmingham’s New Street last month. Photograph: Alamy Stock Photo Graeme Wearden and Nick Fletcher Thursday 12 January 2017 12.48 EST First published on Thursday 12 January 2017 02.10 EST Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email View more sharing options Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Close Key events Show 12.48pm EST 12:48 FTSE hits new high but European markets dip 9.37am EST 09:37 Wall Street opens lower 9.15am EST 09:15 Oil prices climb by 2% 8.43am EST 08:43 US jobless claims rise less than expected 7.55am EST 07:55 ECB - members disagreed over bond buying extension 5.47am EST 05:47 German economy grows at fastest rate in five years 5.21am EST 05:21 Pharma shares hit by Trump comments Live feed Show 12.48pm EST 12:48 FTSE hits new high but European markets dip As the dollar weakened and US markets fell on disappointment at the lack of details of Donald Trump’s economic plans at Wednesday’s press conference, markets suffered a tricky day. The FTSE 100 fell back initially as the pound gained ground, hitting overseas earners, and pharmaceutical shares dropped after Trump’s talk of clamping down on the prices they charged for their medicines. But as the pound dipped later in the session, the FTSE 100 just about managed to end in positive territory, its 11th successive closing high. But in Europe a rise in the euro - due to the weak dollar as well as the minutes of the last ECB meeting - left markets flagging. The final scores showed: The FTSE 100 finished up 1.88 points or 0.03% at 7292.37 Germany’s Dax dropped 1.07% to 11,521.04 France’s Cac closed down 0.51% at 4863.97 Italy’s FTSE MIB fell 1.69% to 19,156.59 Spain’s Ibex edged down 0.01% to 9407.4 But in Greece, the Athens market added 0.28% to 665.21 On Wall Street, the Dow Jones Industrial Average is currently down around 20 points at 19,834 - well off the 20,000 barrier it almost breached last Friday. On that note it’s time to close up for the evening. Thanks for all your comments, and we’ll be back tomorrow. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 11.29am EST 11:29 The FTSE 100 rally might not have much further to go, says Capital Economics. The think tank’s John Higgins said: It is tempting to attribute the FTSE 100’s winning streak to a renewed plunge in sterling. But other factors have also been at play. These include higher commodity prices, the resilience of the UK economy in the wake of the vote for Brexit and spill-over effects from Trump’s election victory. Looking ahead, we remain positive on the FTSE 100, but don’t expect it to make much more headway. We doubt that there is much life left in the FTSE 100 rally.. Indeed, we forecast that it will end 2017 at 7,500, which is only about 3% above its level today. Granted, we expect the UK economy to continue to fare quite well. However, there are three reasons why we are cautious. First, we forecast a small gain in sterling in trade-weighted terms, as a further decline against the dollar (to $1.20/£ from $1.23/£) is more than offset by a rise against the euro (to €1.26/£ from €1.15/£). Second, we expect the rally in oil prices to peter out. Our end-year forecast for Brent crude is $60pb, which is not much above its price today (around $56pb). And third, we think the US stock market will run out of steam, as the enthusiasm with which shareholders greeted Trump’s victory starts to wane and profit margins are squeezed. Our end-2017 forecast for the S&P 500 is only 2,300, which is barely above its level now. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 10.31am EST 10:31 Commenting on the market falls, Connor Campbell at Spreadex said: After briefly sneaking into positive territory the FTSE slipped back into the red this afternoon, with the index’s 2017 winning streak potentially about to come to an end. Despite a largely healthy set of commodity stocks, and a wave of positive Christmas updates from its key retailers, it seems like there was just too much going on for the FTSE this Thursday. The negative reaction to some of those trading statements, most notably Tesco and Primark-owner Associated British Foods, alongside the pound’s rebound against the dollar, largely prompted by the greenback’s own weaknesses, prevented the UK index from building beyond the 7300 it struck yesterday. Over in the US things took a rather sharp turn downwards, with the Dow Jones plunging by 150 points after the bell. It seems that both the Dow and the dollar are still displeased with the lack of policy detail in Donald Trump’s press conference on Wednesday. Especially disgruntled are the US pharmaceutical stocks, the likes of Shire and Pfizer continuing yesterday’s losses after the President-elect claimed that the sector was ‘getting away with murder’ in regards to drug prices. In the Eurozone, meanwhile, the DAX and CAC incurred some hefty losses as the euro hit a one month high against the dollar and took 0.3% off the pound. The currency appeared to be prompted by the latest ECB meeting minutes released this afternoon, with the central bank apparently fairly divided ahead of their to extend QE at a reduced rate of purchase. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 10.15am EST 10:15 It looks like the chances of the Dow Jones Industrial Average breaking through the 20,000 barrier in the near future are getting slimmer, nor is the FTSE 100 currently on course to continue its record breaking run of closing highs. The Dow is currently down 144 points at 19,810 on continuing disappointment with the lack of detail from Donald Trump on his spending and tax plans. Meanwhile the FTSE 100 has slipped 9 points to 7281, having climbed as high as 7302 and fallen as low as 7263. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 9.54am EST 09:54 Back with UK retailers, and we’ve taken a look at the Christmas winners and losers so far. (Spoiler: most of them are winners). The full report is here: UK Christmas retail: the winners and losers Read more Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 9.37am EST 09:37 Wall Street opens lower With the dollar weakening after president-elect Donald Trump failed to spell out any spending or tax plans in Wednesday’s press conference, US markets have fallen back in early trading. After ending nearly 100 points higher on Wednesday after a volatile session as Trump spoke, the Dow Jones Industrial Average has now gone into reverse, down 75 points or 0.37% to 19.879. The S&P 500 and Nasdaq Composite both slipped around 0.3% at the open. US markets, indeed global markets, have seen sharp rises recently, partly fuelled by Trump’s declarations of increased spending and other measures to boost the economy. Investors had been hoping for more details at Wednesday’s event, but in the end were disappointed. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 9.15am EST 09:15 Oil prices climb by 2% Oil prices are moving higher on reports that Opec members are sticking to the production cuts agreed last November. Reuters reports: Kuwaiti Oil Minister Essam Al-Marzouq told [an Abu Dhabi] conference Kuwait had already cut its oil output by more than it promised under the OPEC deal, without giving further details. Iraq Oil Minister Jabar Ali al-Luaibi told reporters Iraq was “hoping for a better price”. Iraq had reduced its oil exports by 170,000 bpd and was cutting them by a further 40,000 bpd this week, he said. BMI Research said overall “compliance to the OPEC/non-OPEC oil production cut appears to be positive ... We calculate compliance with production cuts at around 73 percent,” led by high compliance from members of the Gulf Cooperation Council, namely Saudi Arabia, United Arab Emirates, Kuwait, Qatar, Bahrain and Oman. Crude has also been boosted by news of record Chinese car sales, which grew by 13.7% in 2016. Brent is currently up 2.12% at $56.27 a barrel while West Texas Intermediate has climbed 2.05% to $53.32. Updated at 9.15am EST Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 8.43am EST 08:43 US jobless claims rise less than expected The number of Americans filing for unemployment benefits rose by less than expected last week. Initial benefit claims rose by 10,000 to a seasonally adjusted 247,000, compared to forecasts of an increase to 255,000. The previous week’s figure of 235,000 was revised upwards by 2,000, the US Labor Department said. The benefit claim number has been below 300,000 - a level seen as indicating a healthy jobs market - for 97 consecutive weeks, the longest streak since 1970. US jobless claims Photograph: US Dept of Labor Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 8.16am EST 08:16 The euro has hit a one month high of $1.0683 against the dollar after the ECB minutes showed a split on extending the central bank’s bond buying programme. The rise is also due to weakness in the dollar following a lack of detail about Donald Trump’s spending and tax plans at Wednesday’s press conference. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 8.05am EST 08:05 Frederik Ducrozet (@fwred) Shorter ECB accounts: QE "recalibration" due to reduced deflation risks (hawkish), but still no sign of core inflation upturn (dovish). January 12, 2017 Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 7.55am EST 07:55 ECB - members disagreed over bond buying extension The European Central Bank’s decision to extend its bond buying programme followed signs of a continuing moderate recovery in the eurozone economy, but insufficient progress towards a sustained pick up in inflation. At its December meeting the ECB decided to extend the programme by nine months to December 2017 but cut the monthly amount of bonds bought from €80bn to €60bn, but there were some differences of opinion according to the just-released minutes. Some members initially preferred to keep things as they were, as that had the merit of continuity and was in line with market expectations. But the minutes said the option of extending the programme “allowed for a more sustained market presence and, therefore, a more lasting transmission of the Governing Council’s stimulus measures.” And it meant that if the recovery faltered the decision could be reversed. The minutes said: “At the same time, if the outlook became less favourable, or if financial conditions became inconsistent with further progress towards a sustained adjustment of the inflation path, the Governing Council could return to a pace of €80 billion per month.” So although the change was eventually implemented, some members remained opposed: “A few members could not support either of the two options that had been proposed, while welcoming the scaling-down of purchases and other elements of the proposals, in view of their well-known general scepticism regarding the APP [asset purchase programme] and public debt purchases in particular.” European Central Bank Photograph: Boris Roessler/AFP/Getty Images Updated at 8.05am EST Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 7.28am EST 07:28 After a volatile performance during president-elect Donald Trump’s press conference, the Dow Jones Industrial Average ended the day 98 points higher at 19,954, heading back towards the elusive 20,000 barrier. But the futures market is suggesting the Dow will dip back down again at the open, with a fall of around 42 points forecast at the moment. The weekly jobless figures, due before the US market opens, could have some influence and are expected to rise from last week’s near 43 year low. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 6.27am EST 06:27 Sarah Butler Here’s our story on the John Lewis bonus cut. Sarah Butler writes: John Lewis has warned that its annual bonus for staff will be significantly lower than last year as it prepares to take a hit from the post-Brexit slump in sterling. Charlie Mayfield, chairman of the staff-owned group, which includes Waitrose, said he anticipated a “challenging” year ahead as retailers would have to absorb a big chunk of the rising cost of importing goods just as they are coping with shoppers’ shift to buying online.... Mayfield said the devaluation of sterling was “one of the most significant factors overhanging the outlook for the year ahead.” This will be the fourth consecutive year that the group, which is collectively owned by its staff, has reduced the payout, but it is highly unusual for it to cut the bonus when profits rise. Last year its 91,500 employees, known as partners, were awarded bonuses of 10% of salary, the lowest for 13 years, averaging just over £1,500 each. The bonus payout started in 1920. It was suspended during the second world war and the early 1950s recession, and peaked at 24% of salary in the 1980s. The highest payout in recent years was 18% in 2011. The full report is here: John Lewis to cut staff bonus after pound’s Brexit slide Read more Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 6.21am EST 06:21 Here’s a quick roundup of the day’s main retail updates from George Salmon, equity analyst at Hargreaves Lansdown: The first set of positive like-for-likes in the Clothing and Home division for almost two years is the main headline at M&S. While last year’s frankly abysmal performance was hardly a tough benchmark to beat, investors will be hoping that Steve Rowe’s plans to revitalise the group gain some traction and this marks the start of a more positive trajectory. There was some Christmas cheer at M&S’ high street rival Debenhams too. The group gathered momentum through the all-important Christmas quarter, rounding it off in style by upping like-for-like sales by 5% in the seven weeks to 7 January. It wasn’t just in stores that things look brighter either. Online sales jumped 17% in that period. It was more of a mixed bag at John Lewis, however. While sales growth of almost 5% means that the tills were certainly ringing, the group says that greater challenges across the retail sector, notably the continuing shift to online, means that profit is likely to come under pressure. Unfortunately for those at the group, the likely upshot here is a significantly lower bonus than last year. To see evidence of that shift to online spending, look no further than the 30% sales growth that Asos pulled in at the back end of last year. With more customers ordering more often, expectations for full year sales growth have been raised, but this means extra investment too. The group will need to spend another £30m to keep up with the relentlessly increasing demand. This is one of the better problems to have, we feel. Primark owner Associated British Foods doesn’t do online shopping. Instead, the focus for the retail division is on rolling out its pile it high, sell it cheap format across Europe and the US. With expansion continuing apace, investors may be excused for being a touch disappointed by the 11% growth in sales reported today. Square footage increased by 12% in the last year. Updated at 6.23am EST Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 5.59am EST 05:59 Still with the economy, and eurozone industrial production rose more sharply than expected in November. Output climbed by 1.5% month on month compared to forecasts of a 0.5% increase. Year on year it rose 3.2%, much better than the 1.6% expected. The October figures were revised upwards, with a 0.1% rise month on month compared to an earlier reported fall of 0.1%. Dennis de Jong, managing director at UFX.com, said: After stuttering throughout the summer, industrial production in the eurozone bounced back with a vengeance in November, which will give the ECB serious grounds for confidence at this early stage in 2017. The outlook remains weighed down by continued political uncertainty, but the recovery in the region is gathering some real momentum. Unemployment is falling, business confidence is up and the weak euro is a real boost for exporters. Although Mario Draghi and his ECB colleagues are still faced with some very real political threats, the economy is standing up well in the face of adversity. The ECB is due to announce its latest monetary policy deliberations next Thursday. Back with the industrial production figures and Howard Archer, economist at IHS Markit, was also positive but warned of an uncertain outlook: Even allowing for the fact that industrial production has been highly erratic, November’s jump reinforces our belief that Eurozone GDP growth could well have reached 0.5% quarter-on-quarter in the fourth quarter of 2016. This would be up from 0.3% in both the third and second quarters. It appears that the Eurozone manufacturing sector carried decent momentum into 2017, and they will be helped by the very competitive euro... Looking ahead, a concern for Eurozone manufacturers will be that mounting uncertainty over the coming months (particularly political) could cause business and consumers to be cautious in their major spending decisions, thereby constraining demand for capital goods and big-ticket consumer durable goods It is also very possible that purchasing power for Eurozone consumers’ will become less favourable as inflation picks up, thereby weighing down on demand for big-ticket consumer durables. In particular, an uncertain political environment could be increasingly problematic for Eurozone growth prospects over the coming months, especially given that the UK’s Brexit vote last June and November’s election of Donald Trump as US President fuels concern over potential political shocks. General elections are due 2017 in the Netherlands (in March), France (in April/May) and Germany (in September), while a 2017 election is very possible in Italy following Prime Minister Renzi’s early-December defeat in the referendum on constitutional reform which has led to his resignation. And Capital Economics pointed out: Capital Economics (@CapEconEurope) Nov's 1.5% m/m rise in euro-zone Ind. production was boosted by a huge gain of 16.3% in Ireland - a statistical quirk that may be reversed pic.twitter.com/bUsdq182Ii January 12, 2017 Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 5.47am EST 05:47 German economy grows at fastest rate in five years Good news for the eurozone as the Germany economy, the major driver of growth in the region, recorded its best performance for five years in 2016. German GDP grew by 1.9% last year, up from 1.7% in 2015 and better than the expected 1.8% rise. The economy was boosted by strong domestic demand, compensating for sluggish demand for exports. ING economist Carsten Brzeski said the German economy remained an “island of happiness”, adding: The German economy has once again defied several deep hits. Despite the stock market crash in China, Brexit, Turkey, Trump and Italy, the economy performed its best growth year since 2011. Strong domestic demand has shielded the German economy against most external risks. And he said the biggest risk to future growth was complacency: [2016] was a year in which the German economy proved to be more robust than many thought and in which the economy weathered a series of external risks extremely well, thanks to strong domestic demand. In fact, the often controversially discussed refugee crisis and the ECB’s ultra-loose monetary policy turned out to be an economic blessing, artificially extending the long, positive cycle of the economy. The year 2017 will in our view look very much like 2016, only with a bit less of everything. Domestic demand, ie construction and both private and public consumption, should remain the main growth drivers. The biggest risk for the economy is not Trump or political populism in the Eurozone but self-complacency. The economy urgently needs new impetus from new structural reforms and stronger public and private investment. It is very unlikely that it will get any of these before the elections. Germany economy grows but imports outpace exports Photograph: Matthias Schrader/AP UniCredit economist Andreas Rees was also positive: The German economy remains a stronghold of continuity. With plus 1.9% in 2016, its growth performance was rock solid and even accelerated to its strongest pace in the last five years (2015: +1.7%; 2014: +1.6%). Once again, the major driver was domestic demand in the form of private and public consumer expenditures and not export activity. Imports were even outpacing exports last year. Taking a glimpse into 2017, the German economy remains fundamentally in good shape. The growth drivers will change somewhat, since there will be a (moderate) shift from domestic demand to stronger export activity. What can go wrong? It goes without saying that there are substantial political risks, especially from the US, which could have an (indirect) impact on German exports. Whether and how this will play out still remains to be seen. For 2017, we expect “only” GDP growth of 1.5%. Please note that the reason for the drop is NOT based on fundamentals and definitely not a reason to be worried. Instead, the lower number of working days is artificially weighing on the headline growth number (calendar-day adjusted growth in 2017: +1.8% after also +1.8% last year). Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 5.21am EST 05:21 Pharma shares hit by Trump comments Speaking of Donald Trump, one market moving comment in his press conference related to pharmaceutical companies. He said drugs companies were “getting away with murder” in the prices they charged and promised that would change. That sent US pharma stocks lower, and theat sentiment has carried over into Europe. So Shire, Hikma, GlaxoSmithKline and AstraZeneca have all seen their shares fall. Michael Hewson, chief market analyst at CMC Markets, said: If pharmaceutical companies were hoping for an easier ride from President elect Donald Trump than Hillary Clinton they were quickly disabused of this notion last night when the President elect let rip at the industry’s pricing policies. Last year was notable for a number of stories related to price gouging including the Mylan story around the Epipen price hikes, and Valeant’s policy of buying older niche drugs and then hiking the prices aggressively, and the antipathy that resulted from these stories has made the industry an easy target for a President who may feel compelled to get some quick political wins. At a time when pharmaceutical companies were hoping for a more benign investment environment last night’s remarks were a reminder, if any were needed, as well as a warning to the sector and other sectors as well, of the President elects propensity to adopt a scatter gun approach to domestic policy. Investors would do well to bear this in mind given that the recent stock market rally doesn’t appear to have factored this into their investment scenarios. The Trump Presidency is unlikely to be a one way bet for stock markets. Mylan’s EpiPen epinephrine auto-injector. Photograph: Mark Zaleski/AP Updated at 5.37am EST Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 5.16am EST 05:16 A stronger pound is also taking some of the shine off the leading index. One of the driving factors behind the recent surge in the FTSE 100 to record levels has been the weakness of sterling, which benefits overseas earners and makes UK assets more attractive to international investors. But disappointment that president-elect Donald Trump - in his first press conference since July - failed to spell out details of his plans to boost the US economy with infrastructure spending and new tax measure has sent the dollar lower. Against the US currency the pound has added 0.32% to $1.2252, although sterling is virtually flat against the euro at €1.1528. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 1 of 3 Newest Newer Older Oldest Topics Retail industry Tesco Marks & Spencer Debenhams Supermarkets Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Close Reuse this content View all comments > Order by newest oldest recommendations Show 25 25 50 100 All Threads collapsed expanded unthreaded Loading comments… Trouble loading? View more comments most viewed The Guardian back to top home US politics world opinion sports soccer tech arts lifestyle fashion business selected travel environment all sections close home US politics world UK europe americas asia middle east africa australia cities development opinion sports soccer MLS NFL MLB NBA NHL soccer live scores tables competitions results fixtures clubs tech arts movies tv & radio music games books art & design stage classical lifestyle food health & fitness love & sex family women home & garden fashion business selected economics sustainable business diversity & equality in business small business travel USA europe UK skiing environment climate change wildlife energy pollution science media crosswords blog editor quick cryptic prize quiptic genius speedy everyman azed video Business › Retail industry Facebook Twitter jobs guardian labs subscribe all topics all contributors solve technical issue about us contact us complaints & corrections terms & conditions privacy policy cookie policy securedrop © 2017 Guardian News and Media Limited or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved.
FIRSTPOST TECH2 FAKING NEWS फर्स्टपोस्ट हिंदी News & Analysis Reviews Startup Gaming Biztech Auto Videos TechFirstpost most commented ISRO to launch world record 100 satellites in the PSLV-C37 mission scheduled for February By tech2 News Staff 8   Comments Maruti Suzuki Ignis launched in India at Rs 4.59 lakh; aimed at younger audiences By tech2 News Staff 3   Comments Privacy protection: India seems to be going the NSA-PRISM way, when it comes to surveillance 2   Comments Sony SRS-X11 Bluetooth Speaker Review: A good, feature-rich but pricey speaker By Nikhil Rastogi 1   Comments Nintendo Switch: Here’s all you need to know about Nintendo’s latest console By tech2 News Staff 1   Comments Top Reviews Pixel XL (32GB) Editor rating : 8 Price: 67,000 iPhone 7 Plus (256GB) Editor rating : 8 Price: 92,000 ThinkPad X1 Carbon (Core i5-6300U) Editor rating : 8 Price: 106,000 XPS 13 Core i7 (Z560035HIN9) Editor rating : 8 Price: 133,000 Z2 Plus (4GB RAM/64GB) Editor rating : 7.5 Price: 19,999 You are here: Home > News & Analysis> Google announces list of Daydream VR compatible smartphones: Here’s why yours isn’t compatible #Daydream VR 3 By tech2 News Staff /  12 Jan 2017 , 12:43 Google Daydream had been more of a mystery than a new avenue of technology until recently, when Google announced the Pixel. In short, it was a smartphone made by Google that was expected to work with the search giant’s Daydream VR project, and it did. At the same time Google also announced the Daydream View, a Daydream headset that will fuel the virtual reality experience allowing Android users to mount their compatible smartphones. But the one thing that wasn’t answered on stage is “What about the rest of us?” Well, for those who have been waiting for long, Google has finally released a list of Daydream VR compatible smartphones, now that its headset has gone on sale. That list surprisingly includes some smartphones which were launched last year along with some new models that were announced at the recent CES 2017 in Las Vegas. The list includes the all-important Google Pixel and its bigger sibling the Pixel XL. Next up is the modular Moto Z and its variants. Then there are the handsets that are yet to launch like the Huawei Mate 9 Pro, the Tango-happy Zenfone AR and the ZTE Axon 7. If you happened to buy a Moto Z last year. Good for you! But if it was any other flagship, it’s sad to say that it now gets the ‘outdated’ tag. On this side of the camp if you have been trying to figure out what does it take to qualify? Well here’s one hint, all the above mentioned smartphones have AMOLED displays. Suddenly, it made sense as to why Apple is interested in OLED displays for its upcoming smartphones. But as the VP of Business and Operations for Google VR Amit Singh put it, it not just one thing but many that need to fall into place for a smartphone to qualify as ‘Daydream ready’. The Daydream View headset and controller. Singh in an interview with VR Heads, finally gave some information that has until now only been with smartphone manufacturers, the key elements needed for a Daydream VR experience. While many including myself, thought that a Daydream VR experience needed a Snapdragon 821 chipset like on the Pixel. We were all proved wrong when Motorola announced that its Moto Z became Daydream ready with a Nougat update and then OnePlus announced that even with a 821 chipset inside, Daydream VR was not a possibility. But Singh has the answers to most of our queries. It turns out that Daydream can run on current day 820 or 821 smartphones, but it will not always be a fluid experience, which means that Google will not certify it. Singh touches up on factors like a photo latency in the 22-25ms range so that a user does not perceive an effect that spells lag. He said, “You could do it at any level of the stack. you could do it in hardware, you could do it at the sensor, and you could do it at the display. Each of them has friction. We can optimize, and today the path to optimization has lead us to the spec we have today, but everything is changing so fast in this world that other options quickly become available.” But he did give out a part of the secret recipe, “The combination of performance needs a few things in the stack. The right GPU, Android N and above, and an OLED display.” He claimed that without these, the latency would be high enough to be noticed, making for an uncomfortable or unsatisfactory experience. How do you know whether the smartphone you buy will be Daydream compatible? Well, your manufacturer of choice will advertise it as a feature. Tags: Daydream ready smartphones, Daydream requirements, Daydream smartphones, Daydream VR, Google, Google Daydream Also read Daydream VR review: More than the headset, it is the controller that is impressive Google announces HBO Now, Netflix, and collection of new gaming content for Daydream VR X Recommended For You CES 2017: Asus ZenFone AR revealed with Tango and Daydream support Google Pixel is earning well, but the premium smartphone segment is trickier than it seems 99.9% of things in VR have yet to be discovered says Google VP of virtual reality Clay Bavor Daydream VR review: More than the headset, it is the controller that is impressive Subscribe to our newsletter GO You are Now Subscribed to our Newsletter - Stay Tuned ! FOLLOW US ON Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. LAPTOP Reviews Rating : 7.5 / 10 Acer Aspire S13 review: This might just be the best Windows-based Ultrabook in its price range Rating : 7 / 10 Asus ROG G551VW review: An excellent balance of price and performance Rating : 5.5 / 10 iBall Compbook Excelance review: Cheap and built to match Rating : 6.5 / 10 Asus EeeBook X205TA review: For students on a budget; but low storage and no USB 3.0 port are downers #Facebook Jan 15, 2017 Syrian refugee sues Facebook over misinformation that spread on the social network #Nasa Jan 15, 2017 Nasa astronauts install lithium-ion batteries on the ISS after six hour long spacewalk #Snap Jan 15, 2017 Sony CEO Michael Lynton to step down to become Snap board chairman #SpaceX Jan 15, 2017 SpaceX returns to satellite launches with successful Falcon flight #Uber Jan 15, 2017 Uber is pushing for carpooling and ridesharing in India to improve urban mobility SMARTPHONE Reviews Rating : 6.5 / 10 Asus ZenFone 3 Laser Review: Borderline decent smartphone, with an unfortunate price tag Rating : 6.5 / 10 Samsung Galaxy J7 Prime: Great battery life; but competition offers better value for money Rating : 5.5 / 10 Karbonn Quattro L52 VR Review: Don’t bother buying this Rating : 7 / 10 Honor 5C review: A well-balanced device that lacks any defining quality T & C Policy Contact Us फर्स्टपोस्ट हिन्दी Copyright © 2017 Tech2.com
News Deals Cell Phone Plans Apps & Games Reviews The Best Forums more Giveaways Features How To Android Development About Contact Advertise Newsletter VRSource SoundGuys TabTimes Charged Trending Pixel XL OnePlus 3T Huawei Mate 9 Honor Magic Galaxy S7 edge Hey there, We have a new app! The best way to stay connected to the Android pulse everywhere. Our new app contains all the top Android news, reviews, app & games and the best deals just for you. Now with Disqus profile integration. Get it on Android Authority newsletter The best way to stay connected to the Android pulse. Our main newsletter is the Android Weekly which is sent every Sunday and contains all the top Android news, reviews and features from the past week. The best way to stay connected to the Android pulse. Android Weekly Breaking News Alerts Trending Articles Review Alerts Deals Alerts View previous campaigns 100% Privacy, No Spam Policy: We value privacy and your email address will be 100% secure. We hate spam just like you do and will never send you too much email, nor will we ever share your information with anyone. Buy now! Name: Subject: Message: Snapdragon 835 uses Google TensorFlow to run AI apps faster Newsby John Callaham4 days ago 3 1737 9 Qualcomm revealed more info on its upcoming Snapdragon 835 mobile processor last week during CES 2017. However, its not done yet with reveals about its latest high-end chip. This week, it revealed that it will support Google’s TensorFlow machine learning framework for better app performance. See also: Qualcomm’s Kryo 280 and ‘Built on ARM Cortex Technology’ explained 2 weeks ago Google already uses TensorFlow in some of its own Android apps, such as Google Photos and Google Cloud Speech. Qualcomm says it was designed to run on processing units inside of processors and of course the Snapdragon 835 has that kind of design, with its Kyro 280 CPU, the Adreno 540 GPU, and the Hexagon 682 DSP. In the case of apps that use TensorFlow, the Snapdragon 835 will use the Hexagon 682 DSP, so that the apps don’t have to task the CPU. Google created two example apps, both of which can recognized real-world objects when placed in front of a smartphone camera. In this case, the app that used the TensorFlow framework and ran on the Hexagon DSP was able to recognize more objects at a faster rate than the same app that used the CPU to do the same tasks. TensorFlow is also open source software and is available to use by any Android app creator. The Qualcomm Snapdragon 835 processor is scheduled to make its first appearance inside a smartphone sometime in early 2017. News Qualcomm, Qualcomm Snapdragon 835, TensorFlow Qualcomm, Qualcomm Snapdragon 835, TensorFlow  Qualcommm John Callaham Deals 88% Unblock All: Lifetime Subscription $313 $39 88% PureVPN: Lifetime Subscription $597 $69 80% Brain.fm: Lifetime Subscription $199.99 $39 Pay What You Want: Learn to Code 2017 Bundle $1,573.00 $35 Show 3 comments The Best   Best Android phones androidauthority   Best Fitness Trackers androidauthority   Best Android Watches androidauthority   Best Bluetooth Speaker soundguys   Best Wireless Bluetooth Earbuds soundguys   Best Headphones of 2016 soundguys Sunday Giveaway   Google Pixel XL International Giveaway! 6 hours ago22 comments Subscribe to Our Weekly Newsletter SUBSCRIBE The field is required Please enter a valid email address Latest News   Moto Z and Moto Z Droid Android 7.0 kernel source code ready for tinkering 45 minutes ago   LG G6 promised to be safer from explosions and overheating 3 hours ago   Which Fitbit is right for you? (January 2017) 5 hours ago   Must read: top 10 Android stories 6 hours ago   Google Pixel XL International Giveaway! 6 hours ago Latest Reviews   HTC announces the mid-range HTC U Play 4 days ago   HTC U Ultra hands-on: a major change for HTC 4 days ago 7.8  HTC Bolt review: the better data speed might not be worth it 5 days ago Android Authority APP Get it on About Contact Advertise Newsletter Your source for all things Android! About Contact Advertise Newsletter © 2017 Android Authority | All Rights Reserved.
HOME HITC Here Is The City on Facebook HITC Here Is The City on Google + HITC Here Is The City on Twitter Email BUSINESS Financial Markets Economics Industry People Books HITC Business on FacebookHITC Business on TwitterHITC Business on Google +Email POLITICS HITC Politics on FacebookHITC Politics on Twitter SPORT Football Top Corner Fan View HITC Youtube Our Team More HITC Sport on FacebookHITC Sport on TwitterHITC Sport on Google +Email LIFESTYLE Entertainment Fashion Food & Drink Travel Sound Off Health Deals HITC Lifestyle on FacebookHITC Lifestyle on Twitter TECH HITC Tech on FacebookHITC Tech on Twitter EXTRA Also in the News LOL Wow HITC Extra on FacebookHITC Extra on Twitter VIDEO HITC Video on FacebookHITC Video on Twitter CAREERS ABOUT HITC Our Team Contact Us Advertising Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Subscription Options Jobs @ HITC Sections Business Business Politics Sport Football Lifestyle Tech Extra Video Careers All Business Business and finance news, views and company reports Lifestyle Find your work life balance Sport Up-to-date sports news & views from around the globe Tech Tech & gaming news for today's connected world Politics News whatever your persuasion Extra General interest and fun from the internet at large Video All the video from HITC Careers The HITC job board HITC Business on Facebook HITC Business on Google + HITC Business on Twitter Email About Us Our Team Contact Us Advertising Privacy Policy Terms Subscription Options Jobs @ HITC Search HITC on Twitter HITC on Facebook Business Financial Markets Economics Industry People Careers Sport All Search HITC Business on Twitter HITC Business on Facebook Politics All Search HITC Politics on Twitter HITC Politics on Facebook Sport Football Top Corner Fan View HITC Youtube Our Team More All Search HITC Sport on Twitter HITC Sport on Facebook Lifestyle Entertainment Fashion Food & Drink Travel Sound Off Health Deals All Search HITC Lifestyle on Twitter HITC Lifestyle on Facebook Tech All Search HITC Tech on Twitter HITC Tech on Facebook Extra Also in the News LOL Wow All Search HITC Extra on Twitter HITC Extra on Facebook Video All Search HITC Video on Twitter HITC Video on Facebook Careers All Search HITC Careers on Twitter HITC Careers on Facebook Financial Markets American companies were world's most innovative in 2016: BCG CNBC @CNBC1 day ago CNBC @CNBC1 day ago                                                                               Nearly 70 percent of the world's most innovative companies in 2016 were American, a Boston Consulting Group survey released on Thursday in Asia showed. Apple , Google, Tesla , Microsoft , Amazon and Netflix took the top six spots in the annual poll of 50 companies conducted by Boston Consulting Group (BCG), which drew on responses from more than 1,500 C-suite leaders. Apple topped BCG's list for the 11th straight year, which isn't surprising given the massive amount it spends on research and development (R&D). The consumer electronics giant invested $10 million into R&D for the fiscal year that ended Sept. 24, 2016, its financial statement showed. Meanwhile, Google's problem solving tactics and its famous '20 percent rule,' which encourages employees to dedicate 20 percent of their time to passion projects, ensured the search giant stayed in second place for the third straight year. Two Asian firms managed to make it into the top ten rankings, with South Korea's Samsung Group at number seven, followed by Japan's Toyota Motor in eighth place. A total of six Asian players were on the list in total. Ten European companies were featured, including Bayer at number 11, BMW at number 14 and Daimler at number 16. Honda Motor, BT Group and Procter & Gamble rounded out the last three spots on BCG's report. "Given faster-changing markets-and the fact that even in more traditional sectors technology is becoming a key differentiator-a not-invented-here mindset can be fatal," said BCG partner Andrew Taylor. "Today's most successful innovators strike a strategic balance between internal and external innovation. They are smart and efficient at scanning for external ideas-and deft at bringing them inside." BCG's research found that the majority of strong innovators took an analytical approach to the pursuit of new ideas, with 65 percent discovering fresh perspectives from social networks and big data mining. Leading innovators also complement traditional vehicles such as joint ventures with newer approaches like corporate venture capital and incubators to foster a more outward-looking culture, BCG noted. For example, 62 percent of strong innovators used incubators, the report found. —Follow CNBC International on Twitter and Facebook. And the Best Place to Work in the global financial markets 2016 is... CNBC More articles from CNBC @CNBC CNBC is the recognized world leader in business news, providing real-time financial market coverage and business information to nearly 800 million homes worldwide, with headquarters on 3 continents and 20 bureaus around the globe. Award-winning journalists provide content on TV as well as online - where cnbc.com is the #1 non-portal business and news website. Our goal is for our consumers to Capitalize on CNBC - to increase their knowledge and profit from it. We want to make them the smartest people in the room; keep them ahead of the curve; make them members of an elite club. CNBC. First in Business Worldwide. Register for Financial Markets News Alerts  Comments Show Comments About Us   |   Advertising   |   Our Team   |   Privacy Policy   |   Terms & Conditions   |   Review Policy   |   Subscription Options   |   Syndication   |   Jobs @ HITC   |   Contact Us © 2017 Entrepreneur Limited an advertisement
Tech News Home > Tech > Tech News < Back to SMG 45 Thursday, 12 January 2017 | MYT 1:22 PM Alphabet drops dream of drones providing Internet Balloons over drones: A file photo of a Google Project Loon Internet balloon at the Google I/O 2016 developers conference in Mountain View, California. Google has decided to go with balloons instead of drones to deliver Internet to remote areas. — Reuters SAN FRANCISCO: Google parent company Alphabet on Jan 11 confirmed that it is opting for balloons instead of drones in its quest to deliver Internet service from the sky.  Alphabet, which not only owns Google but also Google X, which is devoted to creating world-changing new technologies, told AFP that it gave up on its Internet drone project, called Titan, about a year ago.  Its staff moved elsewhere at X, including a project called Loon focused on creating a network of high-altitude balloons that would provide Internet service to people on the ground no matter how remote.  Some people from the team also shifted to Project Wing, which is creating delivery drones, according to an X division spokesperson.  ”The team from Titan was brought into X in late 2015,” the spokesperson said in an e-mail to AFP.  ”We ended our exploration of high altitude UAVs (unmanned aerial vehicles) for Internet access shortly after.”  The economics and technical feasibility of balloons are seen as a more promising way to connect rural and remote parts of the world to the Internet, according to X.  Leading online social network Facebook is continuing to develop an Aquila drone for beaming Internet connection from the sky. — AFP You May Be Interested Boosting women's libido Glass discards now included in waste separation law Better rates via online forex services Paying high interest rates for personal loans Purple should be your favourite CNY colour Chinese herb Dang Shen helps to boost strength Others Also Read Dick Gautier, 'Get Smart' Actor, Dies at 85 Motor racing-Bottas move to Mercedes is close, says Williams Do we really need to fear China money? advertisement Latest News Sci-fi tech set for 2017 QLED vs OLED PCs on the rise Startup pays real people to answer questions to build better AI Dell Vostro 14: Value for money Most Viewed in Tech PCs on the rise Dell Vostro 14: Value for money QLED vs OLED Could your gadgets send you to jail? Startup pays real people to answer questions to build better AI Can wearable sensors tell when you’re sick? Sci-fi tech set for 2017 Robots need ‘kill switches’, warn Euro MPs Powered by advertisement advertisement site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Lifestyle Tech Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services Magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs Advertising View Our Rate Card Policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu StarProperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com Search The Star Online Connect with us Content Partner Our Radio Stations site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Tech Lifestyle Travel Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs advertising View Our Rate Card policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu starproperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com social media Facebook Twitter Copyright © 1995- Star Media Group Berhad (ROC 10894D)
